Galbalcyrhynchus is a genus of birds in the Galbulidae family . Established by Marc Athanese Parfait Oeillet Des Murs in 1845 , it contains the following species :
Species
The name Galbalcyrhynchus is a combination of the genus name Galbula ( used for many of the jacamars ) and the genus name Alcyone ( used for some of the kingfishers ) with the Greek word rhunkhos , meaning `` bill '' .
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Myzica is an American pop band from Nashville , Tennessee , composed of vocalist Isaaca Byrd and producer Micah Tawlks .
Prior to founding Myzica , Byrd was the bassist in the folk rock group The Bridges , and Tawlks had worked with Matthew Perryman Jones . In April 2015 , they released the single `` Wait a Minute '' , and followed it with a self-titled , five-track EP on Peptalk Records in June of that same year . A full-length , ten-track album ( which included all five of the songs from the EP ) was issued on September 9 , 2016 .
The duo 's sound is informed by 1980s-era pop music , including Cyndi Lauper , Whitney Houston , and the soundtracks of John Hughes films . They released a cover of `` I Was Made for Loving You '' by Kiss in 2015 and covered `` Drive '' by The Cars on their debut album .
References
American pop music groups
American musical duos
Musical groups from Nashville , Tennessee
General Sir Cameron Gordon Graham Nicholson , ( 30 June 1898 – 7 July 1979 ) was a British Army officer who served as Adjutant-General to the Forces . He later served as Governor of the Royal Hospital Chelsea .
Military career
After being educated at Wellington College , Berkshire and the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich , Cameron Nicholson was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in July 1915 . He served in the First World War and was awarded Military Cross and Bar in 1918 .
Nicholson served with the Royal Horse Artillery in France , India , Iraq , Palestine and Egypt from 1917 to 1927 . He served as an instructor at the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich from 1927 to 1930 , attended the Staff College , Camberley from 1931 to 1932 , and then worked as an instructor at the Staff College from 1938 to 1939 .
He served in the Second World War and was awarded Distinguished Service Order and Bar in 1940 . The beginning of the war in September 1939 found him still at the Staff College as an instructor , but this came to an end in February 1940 , after which he was posted to the 45th Infantry Division , then commanded by Major-General Desmond Anderson , as a General Staff Officer Grade 1 ( GSO1 ) . He was not there for long , however , as towards the end of April he was requested by Major-General Bernard Paget to be his chief of staff . Paget had been selected to command 'Sickleforce ' in the Norwegian campaign . The idea behind this ultimately doomed expedition was the British and French response to the German invasion of Norway , a consequence of which led to British and French troops being sent to Narvik in the north and to Namsos and Åndalsnes in Central Norway , with the British and French given the task of expelling the Germans from the major port of Trondheim , which lay between them . Paget 's 'Sickleforce ' consisted mainly of the 148th Infantry Brigade , a poorly trained and equipped Territorial Army ( TA ) formation , which had already landed at Åndalsnes and was by that time at the village of Dombås , on the road to the town of Lillehammer , and the 15th Infantry Brigade , a well-trained Regular Army formation which had been part of the 5th Division in France with the British Expeditionary Force ( BEF ) until being withdrawn for the campaign in Norway .
The 148th Brigade had reached Lillehammer where it encountered the Norwegian Army , commanded by General Otto Ruge , and with which it joined forces . Soon afterwards , the brigade was attacked by strong German air and ground forces and the brigade , with a strength of only two instead of three infantry battalions , was forced to give way in great confusion and by the evening of 23 April it had been forced back all the way down the Gudbrandsdalen , the valley through which the main road ran from the Norwegian capital of Oslo to Trondheim . By now it was no longer a worthy fighting formation . Nicholson and Paget themselves arrived in Norway on 25 April along with the 15th Brigade , which relieved the 148th Brigade . The 15th Brigade was up to strength with three infantry battalions and fought skillfully in engagements at Kvam , Kjoren and Otta but was forced to withdraw , which it did so in an orderly fashion , causing heavy damage to the Germans who were pursuing them . By now , the situation in Norway was hopeless and Paget , believing his objective to be unattainable , received orders on 27 April to evacuate 'Sickleforce ' from Norway . The Royal Navy achieved this with little additional loss .
Following this disastrous campaign , Nicholson returned to the United Kingdom , where he went to the 18th Infantry Division as its GSO1 , a position he held until October when he was promoted to the rank of brigadier and again came into contact with Paget , this time to serve as his deputy while Paget himself was serving as Deputy Chief of the General Staff ( DCGS ) of Home Forces . The Commander-in-Chief , Home Forces at this time was General Sir Alan Brooke , and this brought Nicholson into contact with Brooke , who later became Chief of the Imperial General Staff ( CIGS ) . The objective at this time , shortly after the BEF had been evacuated from France along with the French surrender had completely transformed the war situation for the United Kingdom , and the country was preparing itself for a potential German invasion .
He was appointed Commander of the Support Group of the 42nd Armoured Division in 1941 and then second-in-command of the 6th Armoured Division in 1942 . In 1943 he became Brigadier General Staff for the 1st Army .
In February 1943 Field Marshal Erwin Rommel launched an assault , known as the Battle of the Kasserine Pass , on units of the British First Army in Tunisia . Nicholson proved an effective combat leader who kept his remaining forces steady under relentless German hammering . The stubborn resistance of the British Nickforce , led by Nicholson , enabled British Forces to hold the vital road leading into the Kasserine Pass against the heavy pressure of the German 10th Panzer Division , which was under Rommel 's direct command .
In 1944 he became General Officer Commanding 44th Indian Armoured Division , a post he held until 1944 . He then became successively GOC 21st Indian Infantry Division , GOC 2nd Division , GOC 5th Indian Infantry Division and then GOC 2nd Division again – all of which commands were held while fighting in Burma .
Post-war
In 1946 he became Director of Artillery at the War Office and then in 1948 he was appointed Commander-in-Chief of West Africa Command .
Then in 1951 he was made General Officer Commanding-in-Chief for Western Command . Then in 1953 he became Commander in Chief Middle East Land Forces . That same year he also made a visit to East Africa at which time units were engaged in the Mau Mau Uprising . He became Adjutant General later in 1953 and retired from the British Army in 1956 .
He was ADC General to the Queen from 1954 to 1956 .
He was also Colonel Commandant of the Royal Artillery from 1950 to 1960 and Colonel Commandant of the Royal Horse Artillery from 1956 to 1960 .
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1945 , advanced to Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1953 and made Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in 1954 . He was also appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1943 and a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1950 .
Retirement
He was also Master Gunner , St James 's Park from 1956 to 1960 . He was Governor of the Royal Hospital Chelsea from 1956 to 1961 .
Bibliography
References
External links
Generals of World War II
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1898 births
1979 deaths
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War I
British Army generals of World War II
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Recipients of the Military Cross
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
English cricketers
Devon cricketers
Graduates of the Staff College , Camberley
People educated at Wellington College , Berkshire
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich
Academics of the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich
Academics of the Staff College , Camberley
Inorganic growth is the rate of growth of business , sales expansion etc . by increasing output and business reach by acquiring new businesses by way of mergers , acquisitions and take-overs . This kind of growth also takes place due to government directives , leading to enhancement of business in some identified priority sector/area . The inorganic growth rate also factors in the impact of foreign exchange movements or performance of other economies .
As opposed to the organic growth , this kind of growth is affected to a great extent by exogenous factors . It is also a faster way for companies to grow compared with organic growth ( where the main focus is productivity enhancement and cost reduction ) .
After a merger , the business benefits of mergers and acquisitions ( M & A ) to fuel inorganic growth prove to be difficult to realise . Several risks are introduced by this method of inorganic growth – a clash in company cultures and the risk of losing customers are some of the main issues . In contrast , with organic growth , a business has better control over its growth by planning and deploying more easily accessible internal resources
This term is usually related with financial sectors showing expanding business and profits .
References
External links
M & A : Growth for the sake of growth ?
M & A drives Pharma Inc. Prof R D Joshi
Mergers and acquisitions
Stefan Gartenmann ( born 2 February 1997 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for FC Midtjylland .
Club career
Heerenveen
Gartenmann moved from the youth academy of FC Roskilde to Dutch club SC Heerenveen in July 2013 – Roskilde 's first transfer to a club outside of Denmark – and he initially became a part of the youth teams of the Frisian club . 24 August 2015 , Gartenmann made his first appearance as a second-half substitute in the reserves of Heerenveen in a 2–0 win in the Beloften Eredivisie over ADO Den Haag . On 14 September , he scored his first goal for the second team of Heerenveen in a 1–1 draw against the PEC Zwolle reserves with the goal to secure the final score .
Gartenmann signed his first professional contract on 26 October 2015 , a three-year contract . However , during his time with the club he did not manage to make an appearance for the senior team in the Eredivisie .
SønderjyskE
On 5 May 2017 , it was announced that Gartenmann would return to Denmark for the 2017–18 season , as he had joined the Danish Superliga club SønderjyskE on a three-year contract . On 7 August 2017 , he made his professional debut when he came on as a late substitute for Troels Kløve in a 3–0 win on matchday two of the regular season against AGF . He scored his first goal for SønderjyskE on 28 November 2017 in a 4–1 victory in the round of 16 of the Danish Cup competition against third-tier Danish 2nd Division club Jammerbugt .
On 1 July 2020 , Gartenmann was part of the SønderjyskE team winning the 2019–20 Danish Cup by beating AaB in a 2–0 win . The win marked the first trophy in club history . In May 2022 it was confirmed , that Gartenmann would leave the club , as his contract was expiring .
Midtjylland
On 28 June 2022 it was confirmed , that FC Midtjylland had signed Gartenmann on a free transfer , with the player signing a deal until June 2025 .
International career
On 2 October 2012 , Gartenmann played for the first time for the Denmark under-16 team in a 4–2 win in a test match in Lhota , Kladno against the Czech Republic . He was used in nine games at under-16 level . On 5 August 2013 , he gained his first of eleven total caps for Denmark at under-17 level in a 4–0 win during a tournament in Norway against Sweden . After he was not used for Denmark under-18 , Gartenmann finally appeared in his first game for the Denmark under-19 on 4 September 2014 in a 2–1 win in the friendly against Norway in Lyngdal . In this game he scored his first goal for this age group with the goal to 2–0 . The qualification for the 2016 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was missed ; Gartenmann played his last game on 15 November 2015 in a goalless draw in the European Championship qualifier against Israel in Hamrun , Malta . On 7 October 2017 , Gartenmann played his last of six games for the under-20 team , in a 2–2 draw in a friendly against Sweden in Södra Sandby .
Honours
SønderjyskE
Danish Cup : 2019–20
References
1997 births
People from Roskilde
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
FC Roskilde players
SC Heerenveen players
SønderjyskE Fodbold players
FC Midtjylland players
Danish Superliga players
Danish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Association football defenders
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
Old Brick Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church near Muscle Shoals , Alabama . The Federal style building was constructed in 1828 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 .
References
External links
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches completed in 1835
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Colbert County , Alabama
Historic American Buildings Survey in Alabama
Brick buildings and structures
Federal architecture in Alabama
Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning is an Orthodox Jewish organization designed to reach out to secular and non-Orthodox Jews in the hopes of bringing them into the Baal teshuva movement .
Its national headquarters are located in Baltimore , Maryland , with other locations in Owings Mills , Maryland , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and Washington , D.C .
It is under the direction of Rabbi Shlomo Porter . Rabbi Porter has led the organization since 1981 . Originally from Milwaukee , Wisconsin , Rabbi Porter graduated from Ner Israel Rabbinical College .
History
Officially incorporated on November 30 , 1983 , Etz Chaim is a multi-faceted outreach center dedicated to reaching Jews of all backgrounds to experience Orthodox Judaism . Among its programs , Etz Chaim helps people find study partners for the process of conversion to Orthodox Judaism . Etz Chaim says that success is when a person considers their Jewish identity more valuable , when a person chooses not to intermarry , or when a person does one mitzvah .
In 1992 , a Lubavitch family advertised and held Jewish services , ceremonies , and celebrations in their house in Baltimore County . Neighbors complained to the local zoning commission , stating that the family were using their home as a synagogue , in direct violation of local zoning laws , parking laws , and noise restrictions . Etz Chaim supported the family , stating that enforcing such laws on a place of worship was unconstitutional .
In 1992 , Etz Chaim supported detailed recommendations regarding Jewish celebrations that restricted kiddush to only one hot dish , cake , and drinks , while a b'nai mitzvah or wedding celebration may have up to two hot dishes . The recommendations stated that all religious celebrations be held only at a synagogue itself or a synagogue 's facilities .
In 1993 , Etz Chaim honored Marc Hurwitz for his working helping college students discover or maintain their Jewish identities and fighting assimilation on college campuses .
In 1998 , Etz Chaim moved its headquarters from Northeast Baltimore to Center City Baltimore .
In 2001 , a bill was proposed to prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation with regard to public accommodations , housing , and employment in Maryland . Etz Chaim opposed the bill , stating that Orthodox Judaism opposes homosexuality . Also in 2001 , a choir of 61 mixed-gender students in third through fifth grades prepared to sing at a Jewish food and life expo . When Etz Chaim was asked whether it was religiously appropriate for female and male children to sing together , Etz Chaim determined the performance should not go forward .
On February 6 , 2002 , a fire destroyed the Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Studies . A teenager was arrested and charged with arson . With money from its insurance carrier and several donors , Etz Chaim was able to rebuild . The new , larger facility included a Shabbaton center , coffee shop , and library , and it was dedicated in June 2015 .
See also
Outreach Judaism
References
External links
Etz Chaim Hits 30
Outreach Center Rebuilds After Blaze
Reinventing Etz Chaim
Etz Chaim Rebuilds Destroyed Home
Jewish Teen Arrested In Shul Arsons
Outreach Group Initiates Unique Study Program
Jewish organizations established in 1983
Orthodox Jewish outreach
Baalei teshuva institutions
Jewish education in Maryland
Jews and Judaism in Baltimore County , Maryland
Jews and Judaism in Pennsylvania
Jews and Judaism in Washington , D.C .
Orthodox Judaism in Baltimore
Owings Mills , Maryland
Giving
501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organizations
1983 establishments in Maryland
K. Manakaetau F. 'Otai ( born 21 September 1968 ) is coach of the Tonga national team ( ʻIkale Tahi ( Sea Eagles ) ) . He was educated at St Peter 's College , Auckland and played club rugby in Auckland . His playing position was as flanker ( No 8 ) . Otai represented Tonga , being capped for the first time on 11 February 1995 against Japan at Nagoya . Otai was the Tongan team captain in the 1995 Rugby World Cup competition , in which he scored a try . Otai was an All Black trialist in 1994 .
Coaching career
In September 2012 , Otai was named head coach of the Tonga national team , taking over from Toutai Kefu , who was acting head coach for the ʻIkale Tahi at the time . His two-year contract would see Otai through to 3 September 2014 , and a possible re-sign is allowed based on his performance until then .
Otai 's first match in charge was a 28–23 loss to Italy during Tonga 's 2012 European tour . His first win came a week later , a 22–13 win against the United States , which was backed up by a first-ever victory for Tonga over Scotland , running out 21–15 victors . His maiden IRB Pacific Nations Cup ended with Tonga finishing third with two wins from four ; a 27–17 win over Japan and an 18–9 win over the United States . However , Tonga 's final game in the 2013 IRB Pacific Nations Cup ( a 34–21 loss to Fiji ) , started a six consecutive streak without a win . This included a winless 2013 European tour , consisting of a loss on a first-ever meeting against Romania , and back-to-back losses to Tier 1 nations France and Wales . An 18-all draw against Samoa and another loss to Fiji in the 2014 IRB Pacific Nations Cup saw them finish last in their conference , before Otai earned a win - 36–14 , in an uncapped match against the Pacific Barbarians .
In August 2014 , it was announced that the Tonga Rugby Union would not be re-signing his two-year contract , despite it being reported that Otai had been working hard to finalize players that would be available to play for the Tonga on their 2014 European Tour in November , and the 2015 Rugby World Cup . However , on 24 September 2014 , following negotiations between the International Rugby Board and the Tonga Rugby Union , it was announced that Mana Otai would remain as head coach for Tonga 's 2014 European Tour with another chance to redeem himself on the tour , which included matches against Georgia , the United States and Scotland . Ahead of their tour , Mana Otai brought in former South African World Cup-winning coach , Jake White , to his coaching set-up , to act as a technical advisor to Mana .
White and Otai led Tonga to 2 from 3 wins during their 2014 European Tour . The Tonga Rugby Union were encouraged by the tour , re-signing Mana Otai contract to see him through to the end of the 2015 Rugby World Cup .
During the 2015 World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup , Tonga finished third at the end of the tournament . They opened with a match against Fiji in Suva , losing 30–22 , before going onto beat Canada 28–18 and the United States 33–19 . They beat Japan 31–20 in the 3rd Place play-off to claim third place . Otai later led Tonga to two victories in their 2015 Rugby World Cup warm-up matches , beating English club side Nottingham 69–14 , before beating Romania for the first ever time in Bucharest 21–16 . During the 2015 Rugby World Cup , Tonga opened their campaign with a surprise 17–10 loss to Georgia , before picking up their first win against Namibia 35–21 . They went on to lose to New Zealand and Argentina 45–10 and 45–16 , to finish fourth in the pool . This meant Tonga failed to automatically qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup .
On 17 December 2015 , Tonga Rugby Union president Feʻao Vunipola announced that the TRU would not extend Otai 's contract when it expires at the end of 2015 , with Otai 's match against the All Blacks being his last in charge of the team .
See also
Tonga national rugby union team
List of people educated at St Peter 's College , Auckland
References
1968 births
Auckland rugby union players
Living people
Tongan emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand rugby union coaches
New Zealand rugby union players
People educated at St Peter 's College , Auckland
Rugby union flankers
Tonga international rugby union players
Departure of a Grand Old Man ( ) is a 1912 Russian silent film about the last days of author Leo Tolstoy . The film was directed by Yakov Protazanov and Elizaveta Thiman , and was actress Olga Petrova 's first film .
Plot
The film depicts a group of peasants who come to the home of Leo Tolstoy to ask for land . We see the old sage attempting to help the peasants while his wife Sofia Andreevna is counting money and quarreling .
Overwhelmed , Tolstoy is driven to the edge of suicide . It ends with Tolstoy on his death bed being visited by Jesus . The film was banned because of the negative portrayal of Tolstoy 's wife Sofia Tolstaya , who threatened to sue the filmmakers for libel .
Cast
Olga Petrova as Sofia Tolstaya
Vladimir Shaternikov as Leo Tolstoy
Leo Tolstoy as himself ( from documentary footage filmed by A. Drankov )
Mikhail Tamarov as Vladimir Chertkov
Elizaveta Thiman as Alexandra Lvovna Tolstaya
References
Citations
Kenez , Peter , Cinema and Soviet Society : 1917-1953 ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1992 )
External links
1912 films
Russian silent films
Russian black-and-white films
Films of the Russian Empire
Films directed by Yakov Protazanov
Works about Leo Tolstoy
Cultural depictions of Leo Tolstoy
The 1990–91 French Rugby Union Championship was 99th edition of France 's top division of rugby union . Bègles-Bordeaux were champions after beating Toulose in the final .
It was the club 's second bouclier de Brennus after their first win in 1969 .
Formula
The tournament was played by 80 clubs divided in 20 pools of four .
The two best from each pool ( a total of 40 clubs ) were admitted to group A to play for the title .
In the second round the 40 clubs of group A were divided in five pools of eight .
The first three of each pool and the best fourth place team advanced to the knockout stage .
Group A qualification round to knockout stage
The teams are listed as the ranking , in bold the teams admitted to `` last 16 '' round .
`` Last 16 '' phase
In bold are the clubs qualified for the quarter finals .
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
References
External links
Compte rendu finale 1991 lnr.fr
finale 1991 finalesrugby.com
1991
France
Championship
Helsingin Sanomat Literature Prize ( Finnish : Helsingin Sanomain kirjallisuuspalkinto ) is a Finnish literary award for a debut novel in the Finnish language . It was founded in 1964 . From 1964-1994 it operated under the name J. H. Erkko Award ( Finnish : J. H. Erkon palkinto ) . Beginning in 1995 the name changed to Helsingin Sanomat Literature Prize . The prize is valued at .
Helsingin Sanomat Literature Prize
1995 Sari Mikkonen : Naistenpyörä ,
1996 Juha K. Tapio : Frankensteinin muistikirja ,
1997 Marja Kyllönen : Lyijyuuma ,
1998 Katri Tapola : Kalpeat tytöt ,
1999 Jyrki Vainonen : Tutkimusmatkailija ja muita tarinoita ,
2000 Olli Heikkonen : Jakutian aurinko ,
2001 Reidar Palmgren : Jalat edellä ,
2002 Reko Lundán : Ilman suuria suruja ,
2003 Riku Korhonen : Kahden ja yhden yön tarinoita ,
2004 Sanna Karlström : Taivaan mittakaava ,
2005 Juhani Känkänen : Toivon mukaan ,
2006 Armas Alvari : Varmat tapaukset ,
2007 Henriikka Tavi : Esim . Esa ,
2008 Katri Lipson : Kosmonautti ,
2009 Leena Parkkinen : Sinun jälkeesi , Max ,
2010 Alexandra Salmela : 27 eli kuolema tekee taiteilijan ,
2011 Satu Taskinen : Täydellinen paisti ,
2012 Aki Ollikainen : Nälkävuosi ,
2013 Erkka Filander : Heräämisen valkea myrsky
2014 Pajtim Statovci : Kissani Jugoslavia ( My Cat Yugoslavia )
2015 Saara Turunen : Rakkaudenhirviö
2016 Hanna Weselius : Alma !
J. H. Erkko Award
References
Finnish literary awards
Awards established in 1995
First book awards
Joseph Osadiaye ( born 18 November 1994 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays for Nigeria Professional Football League outfit , Lobi Stars . He usually plays as a left or right sided winger and he is known for his pace , dribbling skills and accurate left foot shots . Although , predominantly a left-footed player , he is also adept at using his right foot .
Early life
Osadiaye was born in Benin City , a city and the capital of Edo State in southern Nigeria .
Playing career
Akwa United
In 2011-2012 , Joseph started his professional career with Akwa United , a Nigeria Professional Football League club based in Uyo . The winger 's impact was evident in his contribution to the team . He featured 20 times in the Nigerian top-flight and made 13 assists . His performance in his first season as a professional earned him a move back to his state of origin as Warri Wolves moved for his signature .
Warri Wolves
Joseph spent three seasons at Warri Wolves , playing in the Nigerian top division and also featuring on the continent . He featured in 59 league matches across , scoring 12 and he laid on 16 for teammates . In the 2013 edition of the Federation Cup final at the Teslim Balogun Stadium , he netted against Enyimba to bring the scoreline to 2-1 but Ugwu Uwadiegwu equalised to force the game into penalties which the People 's Elephant claimed a 5-4 victory . The Seasiders represented Nigeria In the Caf Confederation Cup in the 2013-2014 and 2014-2015 seasons and the winger featured six times , scoring a goal and making three assists . Before the commencement of the 2015-2016 season , he teamed up with prominent Nigerian side , Enyimba .
Enyimba
He transferred to Enyimba in 2015 and that is where he made his biggest impact so far . Joseph has played 58 games over two seasons and recorded four goals with 13 assists . He also featured in the Caf Champions League for the first time in his career in the 2015-2016 season . He played in six games and laid on three goals for his teammates . It is at the Aba side he added some dynamism to his game as he was used in several positions across attack and midfield . He filled his default wing roles , operated as a support striker and also played as an attacking and side midfielder . After the initial two-year agreement that brought Osadiaye from Warrior Wolves elapsed at the end of the 2016-17 season , the winger penned an extension for another two years in a deal worth 14 million naira . According to the player 's representative , Ogbemudia Endurance Iseri , interests from Enugu Rangers , Akwa United , Sudanese top-flight side Al-Merrieikh and two European sides were shunned .
NPFL All-Star
2015-16
Joseph was part of the outstanding Nigeria top-flight players chosen for an invitational mini-tournament in Spain ( which signaled the partnership of the Spanish La Liga and the NPFL ) . The NPFL All-Star side had games against Spanish powerhouses , Valencia and Atletico Madrid lined for them . And it was Joseph that scored their only goal in the tourney in their 2-1 loss to Valencia in the opening game on 10 August 2016 . The forward , alongside his other Enyimba teammates were unable to continue as they needed to report to their team for Caf Champions League assignment . The All-Star side would later return to Nigeria after suffering a 1-0 loss to Atletico Madrid in the final game .
International
Nigeria
He made his debut for the Nigerian national team in 2013 against the Ivory Coast and then later Jordan . He has only two international caps .
See also
Enyimba International F.C .
References
External links
Enyimba official website
Soccerway
`` Enyimba move excite Pyagbara , Osadiaye '' Naij Sport 2016 . Retrieved 4 January 2018
`` Match Report : Valencia 2-1 NPFL All Stars '' Goal 10 August 2016 . Retrieved 5 January 2018
`` New contract '' Daily Trust . 10 November 2017 . Retrieved 5 January 2018
Nigerian footballers
Enyimba F.C . players
Warri Wolves F.C . players
Akwa United F.C . players
Sportspeople from Benin City
1994 births
Living people
Association football wingers
Anderson Niangbo ( born 6 October 1999 ) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for Belgian club Gent .
Career
Club career
Niangbo started his career at Olympic Sport d'Abobo . In January 2018 he moved to Austria for FC Red Bull Salzburg , where he received a contract that ran until June 2022 , but where he was initially to be used for Salzburg 's farm team , FC Liefering .
In March 2018 he made his debut for Liefering in the Austrian Football Second League when he was in the starting line-up against SV Ried on matchday 22 of the 2017–18 season and was replaced by Aldin Aganovic in the stoppage time . On 6 July 2019 , Niangbo was loaned to Wolfsberger AC . After 17 appearances for the team in the Austrian Bundesliga , in which he scored seven goals , he was ordered back to Salzburg in January 2020 and initially moved up to the FC Red Bull Salzburg squad .
About a week after his return , he moved to Belgium to Gent , where he received a contract that ran until June 2024 .
On 9 August 2021 , he returned to Austria and joined Sturm Graz on a season-long loan .
Honours
Ivory Coast U23
Africa U-23 Cup of Nations runner-up:2019
References
External links
Living people
1999 births
Ivorian footballers
Ivory Coast youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Liefering players
Wolfsberger AC players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
K.A.A . Gent players
SK Sturm Graz players
2 . Liga ( Austria ) players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Belgian First Division A players
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Riein ( ) is a village and a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Riein , Castrisch , Ilanz , Ladir , Luven , Pitasch , Ruschein , Schnaus , Sevgein , Duvin , Pigniu , Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion .
History
Riein is first mentioned in 765 as Renino . In 960 it was mentioned as Raine .
Geography
Before the merger , Riein had a total area of . Of this area , 21.9 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 37.2 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 0.9 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 39.9 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district . It is located at the entrance to the Lumnezia on a terrace east of the Glenner . It consists of the haufendorf village ( an irregular , unplanned and quite closely packed village , built around a central square ) of Riein and the hamlet of Signina , which joined Riein in 1904-05 . Signina is separated from Reien by the Val da Riein .
Demographics
Riein had a population ( as of 2011 ) of 67. , 1.6 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -22.2 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks Romansh ( 63.4 % ) , with German being second most common ( 35.2 % ) and Italian being third ( 1.4 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.7 % male and 54.3 % female . The age distribution , , in Riein is ; 6 children or 8.5 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 7 teenagers or 9.9 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 5 people or 7.0 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 9 people or 12.7 % are between 30 and 39 , 9 people or 12.7 % are between 40 and 49 , and 13 people or 18.3 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 8 people or 11.3 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 11 people or 15.5 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 2 people or 2.8 % who are between 80 and 89 there is 1 person who is between 90 and 99 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 68.9 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the FDP ( 23 % ) , the CVP ( 4.4 % ) and the SP ( 3.7 % ) .
In Riein about 50 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Riein has an unemployment rate of 0.54 % . , there were 15 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector . people are employed in the secondary sector and there are businesses in this sector . 3 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 1 business in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
References
External links
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Amsterdamse Politie Gymnastiek- & Sportvereniging ( in English : Amsterdam Police Gymnastic and Sports Club ) is a multi-sports club from Amsterdam . The club aims to enhance the physical and mental development of its members , especially the members of the Amsterdam Unit of the National Police .
History
Officially Amsterdam Police Gymnastic and Sports Club , founded on May 20 , 1915 . The club has many sections like athletics , badminton , bodyfit , karate , kickboxing , ice skating , spinning , rugby , survival , tennis , futsal , sailing and swimming . In the 1940s the club had a basketball section , which also won the national league in 1948 .
References
Sport clubs established in 1915
Sports clubs in Amsterdam
Basketball teams in the Netherlands
Multi-sport clubs in the Netherlands
Childbirth and Authoritative Knowledge : Cross-Cultural Perspectives is a collection of anthropological essays that study birth and authoritative knowledge across sixteen different cultures that was published in 1998 in the Journal of Gender Studies . This collection is edited by Robbie Davis-Floyd and Carolyn Sargent . The book opens with a foreword by Rayna Rapp . The book examines in detail the various patterns of birth and how they 've changed over time . Not only does the book study child-bearing across cultures , it also is a look into the power that biomedical technology holds in the field . Throughout the collection of essays , the twenty-three authors use authoritative knowledge as a theme to explore the ways it is evidenced and implemented in several different cultures . The book has eighteen chapters , creating five distinct parts . Each part of the book takes a look at authoritative knowledge from a new perspective or culture . The scholars behind the essays themselves come from numerous academic backgrounds to comment on birth and authoritative knowledge in sixteen cultures . Davis-Floyd is quoted to have said that the purpose of the book is to `` act both as a useful source of information about birth across cultures and as a charter for future research and further growth in the field . ''
Parts of Childbirth and Authoritative Knowledge : Cross-Cultural Perspectives
Part One `` The Social Construction of Authoritative Knowledge in Childbirth ''
This part of the book contains Brigitte Jordan 's essay ( `` Authoritative Knowledge and Its Construction '' ) along with context for the reader about the other essays in the book . Brigitte Jordan elaborates on the theme of authoritative knowledge in her book Birth in Four Cultures : A Cross-cultural Investigation of Childbirth in Yucatan , Holland , Sweden and the United States . Primarily , this section of essays describes how technology is used in the American setting . Firstly , Jordan elaborates on her idea of authoritative knowledge . She specifically defines it as follows :
`` For any particular domain several knowledge systems may exist , some of which , by consensus , carry more weight than others , either because they explain the state of the world better for the purposes at hand ... or because they are associated with a stronger power base . ''
Jordan also uses her essay to critique the hierarchical use of authoritative knowledge in a birth setting and provide context for the rest of the essays in the book . This theme is mentioned by other authors throughout the book . Also in Part One of the book is an essay by Wenda R. Trevathan titled , `` An Evolutionary Perspective on Authoritative Knowledge about Birth '' . This essay compares the human birth process to that of the apes in order to take an evolutionary perspective .
Part Two `` Intracultural Variations in Authoritative Knowledge about Birth : Biomedical Hegemony and Women 's Choices ''
This second section of Davis-Floyd and Sargent 's edited collection contains four essays . This set of papers looks at the large scale , macro-factors that effect pre-natal care and childbirth in Greece , Japan and the United States . This section of the book also examines the power dynamics that the biomedical field possesses in governing the way that women make choices . Eugenia Georges writes that in Greece , the ultrasound plays an important role in how a Greek mother views her pregnancy . For these mothers , authoritative knowledge is perpetuated by the ultrasound machine and the way that these women rely on it . In America , giving birth is often determined by class , income and authoritative knowledge . This is the topic of Carole H. Browner and Nancy Press 's essay ( `` The Production of Authoritative Knowledge in American Prenatal Care '' ) as well as the essay in the following chapter `` What Do Women Want ? Issues of Choice , Control and Class in American Pregnancy and Childbirth '' written by Ellen Lazarus . Browner and Press 's essay specifically covers the role that bio-medics play in what is perceived as authoritative knowledge for a successful birth . Ellen Lazarus shows that the lack of knowledge surrounding the technology used in hospitals , especially in terms of the race and class of the patient , combined with the good intentions of all those involved also perpetuates authoritative knowledge . Lazarus elaborates on how things can go wrong despite the mother-to-be carefully selecting who will be involved in the birthing process . The fourth and final essay in this part of the book `` Authoritative Knowledge and Birth Territories in Contemporary Japan '' by Deborah Cordero Fiedler discusses the role of authoritative knowledge in Japan . In contrast to the United States , Japan uses technology during birth , however physicians will not immediately intervene . Fiedler 's findings discuss the role that culture has in impacting birth and motherhood in contemporary Japan .
Part Three `` Intercultural Variations in Authoritative Knowledge about Birth Hierarchy , Community and the Social Ground ''
This third section of the book also contain four essays giving examples of women in North America , Nepal , Central and Eastern Europe who have given birth and some difficulties faced while doing so . This group of chapters also examines how a top-down community approach and other approaches to childbirth intersect to create the way that authoritative knowledge surrounding this technology came to exist . Carolyn F. Sargent and Grace Bascope ( `` Ways of Knowing about Birth in Three Cultures '' ) write and essay that compares the ways that women view birth practitioners and decisions made during birth in Texas , Jamaica and the Yucatan . The author shows the ways that authoritative knowledge is used in certain social / cultural groups in relation to others . The essay by Shiela Kitzinger ( `` Authoritative Tough in Childbirth : A Cross-Cultural Approach '' ) explores the way that women experience touch during birth , the different kinds of touch experiences and the ways that authoritative knowledge plays into this experience . The following essay , by Stacy Leigh Pigg ( `` Authority in Translation : Finding , Knowing , Naming , and Training 'Traditional Birth Attendants ' in Nepal '' ) explores how training programs designed to train traditional birth attendants end up creating a unique hierarchy and power relation in Nepal . The final essay in this part of the book `` Changing Childbirth in Eastern Europe : Which Systems of Authoritative Knowledge Should Prevail ? '' written by Beverley Chalmers investigates the highly medicalized birth systems in Europe and which ones play a role in authoritative knowledge .
Part Four `` Fighting the System : Creating and Maintaining Alternative Models of Authoritative Knowledge ''
The fourth part of the book contains four essays , two of which follow the idea about the power that traditional birthing practices , such as midwifery can hold . This part of the book shows some of the different models through which authoritative knowledge can be employed . Which also works to encapsulate the ways that authoritative knowledge surrounding technology has been resisted in some countries . There are also examples of the ways that mothers receive knowledge via childbirth activists . The first essay in this part is written by Jane Szurek ( `` Resistance to Technology-Enhanced Childbirth in Tuscany : The Political Economy of Italian Birth '' ) and discusses the authority of the medical field in Italy . This essay takes a particular focus on the way that a more medicalized way of birth has been resisted , specifically by birth activists , in this part of the world . An essay by Robbie Davis-Floyd and Elizabeth Davis ( `` Intuition as Authoritative Knowledge in Midwifery and Home Birth '' ) explores the dangers that American midwives face in their practice and the ways that their knowledge is used as authoritative knowledge . The specific focus of this chapter is the viability of midwives ' intuition as a source of knowledge . The third author in this part of the book , Kenneth C. Johnson , ( `` Randomized Control Trials as Authoritative Knowledge : Keeping an Ally from Becoming a Threat to North American Midwifery Practice '' ) discusses the impact that evidenced-based care has on the use of the randomized control trial and the ways in which this kind of research can impede on the rights of women . The following essay in this part , written by Marsden Wagner , ( `` Confessions of a Dissident '' ) explains the perspective that the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has on the care of mothers , only after describing how he got into the field of public health .
Part Five `` Viable Indigenous Systems of Authoritative Knowledge : Continuity in the Face of Change ''
The final part of the book follows communities and countries that utilize indigenous birthing systems , resist change and are able to maintain their existing systems of authoritative knowledge . The cultures examined are : Oaxaca , Mexico , the Puejehun District , Sierra Leone , the Inuit community , and the Kung of the Kalahari . Paola M. Sesia ( `` 'Women come here on their own when they need to ' : Prenatal Care , Authoritative Knowledge , and Maternal Health in Oaxaca '' ) explores the birthing practices , particularly massages , that are utilized in Oaxaca . Amara Jambai and Coral MacCormack ( `` Maternal Health , War , and Religious Tradition : Authoritative Knowledge in Pujehun District , Sierra Leone '' ) take particular interest in women who give birth in this war stricken region of Sierra Leone . Betty-Anne Daviss ( `` Heeding Warning from the Canary , the Whale , and the Inuit : A Framework for Analyzing Competing Types of Knowledge about Childbirth '' ) brings North America into the discussion with a focus on birth in the Inuit community in Canada and how traditional practice has been changed by the building of birth centers . Megan Biesele ( `` An Ideal of Unassisted Birth : Hunting , Healing , and Transformation among the Kalahari Ju/'hoansi '' ) examines Kalahari Ju/'hoansi cultures in Botswana and Namibia , the independence , and the spirituality of birth that exists in these cultures .
References
1998 documents
Gender studies literature
Human pregnancy
Sean Evans ( born October 20 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player for ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga . Standing at 2.03 m ( 6 ' 8 '' ) , he plays at the power forward and the center positions . After playing four years of college basketball at St. John 's , Evans entered the 2011 NBA draft , but he was not selected in the draft 's two rounds .
High school career
Evans played high school basketball at Northeast , where he was coached by Bill Lawson . Evans led his squad to an 18–8 record as a senior , averaging 22.0 points per game , 13.0 rebounds , 6.0 steals and 3.5 blocked shots per game for the Vikings . He earned a second team all-city honor . Evans also earned the Sonny Hill Award for registering the highest student-athlete GPA at Northeast .
College career
As a freshman Evans played 30 games , producing 3.1 points and 2.5 rebounds per game with a total of 8 blocks . As a sophomore Evans played in 34 contests , improving his numbers a lot , averaging 10.3 points , 7.1 rebounds and 0.3 blocks per game , being the best rebounder of the team . During the next two years , his numbers dropped and did not manage to be a star at his team .
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2011 NBA draft , Evans joined Düsseldorf Giants of the 2 . Bundesliga . However , he left the team before appearing in a single game in order to join BG Göttingen of the German Bundesliga .
The following season , Evans entered the 2012 NBA Development League Draft , being chosen by the Idaho Stampede in the 5th round with the 3rd pick . Later , he signed with Idaho . He went on to average 12.2 points and 8.4 rebounds per game .
In July 2013 , he signed with Anyang KGC of the Korean Basketball League . In May 2014 , he joined Indios de San Francisco of the Dominican Republic League , but he left the club without making any appearances with the team .
On July 23 , 2014 , Evans signed with Hapoel Eilat of the Israeli Super League . He left the team on December in order to join Hapoel Holon , replacing Laurence Bowers on the team 's squad .
On August 29 , 2015 , he signed with Sakarya Büyükşehir Belediyesi of the Turkish Basketball First League . He was the top rebounder of the league , averaging 11.1 per game .
On January 15 , 2017 , he signed with Lavrio of the Greek Basket League , replacing Jito Kok on the team 's squad . On March 14 , 2017 , he was voted as the Stoiximan.gr MVP of the week along with Vassilis Kavvadas after having 15 points , 9 rebounds , 2 assists and 1 block against Koroivos Amaliadas .
On June 14 , 2017 , Evans signed with Promitheas Patras of the Greek Basket League . He left Promitheas after appearing in nine games . On January 26 , 2018 , he signed in Argentina with Boca Juniors of the Liga Nacional de Básquet .
He signed with Ifaistos Limnou of the Greek Basket League on July 18 , 2018 . On August 11 , 2019 , Evans renewed his contract with the Greek club . He averaged 10.6 points and 9.2 rebounds per game during the 2019–20 season . On November 11 , 2020 , Evans returned to Lavrio after three seasons . On January 9 , 2021 , Evans transferred from Lavrio to Ukrainian club BC Prometey .
On March 14 , 2022 , he has signed with ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga .
The Basketball Tournament ( TBT )
In the summer of 2017 , Evans competed in The Basketball Tournament on ESPN for Team FOE , a Philadelphia based team coached by NBA forwards Markieff and Marcus Morris . In four games , Evans averaged 10.3 points and 7.5 rebounds per game on 56 % shooting as Team FOE advanced to the Super 16 Round in Brooklyn , New York . During FOE 's Super 16 match up against Boeheim 's Army , a team composed of Syracuse University basketball alum , Evans scored six points and grabbed eight rebounds , but it was not enough as FOE lost 72–67 . Evans also competed for FOE in 2016 as well . In three games that summer , he averaged 14.3 points and 10.3 rebounds per game .
References
1988 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
American expatriate basketball people in South Korea
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men 's basketball players
Anyang KGC players
Basketball players from Philadelphia
BG Göttingen players
Boca Juniors basketball players
Centers ( basketball )
Ifaistos Limnou B.C . players
Hapoel Eilat basketball players
Hapoel Holon players
Idaho Stampede players
KK Rabotnički players
Lavrio B.C . players
Power forwards ( basketball )
Promitheas Patras B.C . players
Ratiopharm Ulm players
Sakarya BB players
SC Prometey players
St. John 's Red Storm men 's basketball players
Borgenicht is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Grace Borgenicht Brandt ( 1915–2001 ) , American art dealer
Jack Borgenicht ( 1911–2005 ) , American industrialist and land use preservationist
Nancy Borgenicht ( born 1942 ) , American actress
Ruth Borgenicht ( born 1967 ) , American ceramic artist
Miriam Borgenicht ( 1915−1992 ) , American mystery novelist
The Venezuelan tyrannulet ( Zimmerius petersi ) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is found in northern Venezuela .
The Venezuelan tyrannulet was formerly considered to be conspecific with Zimmerius improbus ( now spectacled tyrannulet ) but the two species were split after a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2013 found that they were not closely related .
References
Venezuelan tyrannulet
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Venezuelan tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bağlıca is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The George Frisbie Hoar statue is a public monument in Worcester , Massachusetts , United States . Located on the north side of the Worcester City Hall , the monument honors George Frisbie Hoar , a politician from the city . The monument , which consists of a statue designed by Daniel Chester French , was dedicated in 1908 .
History
Background
George Frisbie Hoar was born in Concord , Massachusetts , United States on August 29 , 1826 . As a child , he attended Concord Academy , and in 1842 , at the age of 16 , he entered into Harvard College , graduating four years later . In 1849 , he graduated from Harvard Law School and was admitted to the bar that same year , following which he began to practice law in Worcester , Massachusetts . During the 1850s , he served terms in both the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the Massachusetts Senate , and from 1869 to 1877 , he served in the United States House of Representatives as a member of the Republican Party . In 1877 , he became a U.S . Senator , a position he would hold until his death in Worcester in 1904 .
Creation and dedication
Following Hoar 's death , on April 25 , 1905 , Worcester Mayor Walter H. Blodgett held a meeting at the city hall to discuss the creation of a memorial to Hoar . A memorial fund was created for this purpose , and on May 4 , trustees of the fund were elected , with Blodgett as the fund 's chairman . Fundraising through popular donations commenced , and within a few weeks , over 30,000 donors had contributed over $ 21,000 to the monument 's creation . At a meeting held on July 20 , sculptor Daniel Chester French was selected to design a statue of Hoar , with the pedestal to be designed by Peabody and Stearns and created by the Norcross Brothers . The location for the monument , the northern side of the Worcester City Hall , was selected by the trustees on January 16 , 1908 .
The statue was dedicated on June 26 , 1908 . The dedication ceremony began with a prayer given by Edward Everett Hale , followed by speeches given by Mayor James Logan and Massachusetts Governor Curtis Guild Jr. , and an oration by Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court William Henry Moody . The ceremony concluded with the playing of `` America '' .
Design
The monument consists of a bronze statue of Hoar atop a granite pedestal . Hoar is sitting in a chair , with an overcoat hanging over the left arm of the chair . In his other hand , Hoar is holding a manuscript . Several bronze tablets with inscriptions are affixed to the pedestal . The inscriptions read as follows :
See also
1908 in art
Public sculptures by Daniel Chester French
References
Bibliography
External links
1908 establishments in Massachusetts
1908 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Worcester , Massachusetts
Culture of Worcester , Massachusetts
Monuments and memorials in Massachusetts
Outdoor sculptures in Massachusetts
Sculptures by Daniel Chester French
Sculptures of men in Massachusetts
Statues in Massachusetts
Landmarks in Worcester , Massachusetts
Laguna Catemaco ( ) is a freshwater lake located at the center of the Sierra de Los Tuxtlas in south central Veracruz near the city of Catemaco , in east central Mexico .
Name
The word lagoon in English , and laguna in Spanish , generally describes a body of shallow brackish water , usually next to the sea . Thus despite the name , Laguna de Catemaco is not a lagoon , but an actual fresh water lake . Common usage in Mexico is Laguna de Catemaco , though scientific articles tend to use the correct and less ambiguous name of Lake Catemaco in English , and Lago Catemaco in Spanish .
Hydrology
Laguna Catemaco was formed millennia ago , when lava flow from San Martin Tuxtla volcano blocked its current northern end , and stands now at 340 m ( 1,115 ft ) above sea level . It is shallow , averaging 7.6 m ( 25 ft ) , with a maximum depth of 22 meters located in the channel between Isla Agaltepec and the city of Catemaco . The circulation pattern is clockwise . The laguna drains via the Rio Grande de Catemaco and its water level is controlled by several dams which replaced historic waterfalls . The change in water level is more than can be explained by evaporation and outflow . Apparently the laguna sits upon fissures permitting water to percolate down .
The Rio Grande de Catemaco is a tributary of the Papaloapan River , via the San Juan River . Eyipantla Falls ( Salto de Eyipanlta ) is a 45-meter high waterfall on the Rio Grande , located 11 kilometers downstream from the lake .
The lake is polymictic ( water turns over more than twice a year ) , well oxygenated , and contains excessive nutrients ( eutrophic ) because of fertilizer runoff from the neighboring farms and nurseries . Because of the excessive nutrients , Laguna Catemaco is one of the more productive lakes in Mexico , up to 1,800 tons annually . Large netting is prohibited to assure the livelihood of more than a thousand registered fishermen . A perch-like fish called Oreochromis aureus was introduced from Africa , while a sardine like Topote , and the snail Tegogolo are the most common catches .
Ecology
According to Miller and Conner ( 1997 ) there are 14 species of fish in Lake Catemaco . Two species , Micropterus salmoides Lacepède and Oreochromis aureus Steindachner have been introduced into the lake , and another two species , Vieja fenestrata Günther and Ophisternon aenigmaticum Rosen & Greenwood , are widespread throughout eastern Mexico and Central America . Of the remaining 10 species , five are endemic to the lake and five may represent undescribed species endemic to the lake ( Miller and Conner 1997 , Meyer and Schartl 2003 ) .
Endemic species include the Catemaco characin ( Bramocharax caballeroi ) , Heterandria tuxtlaensis , Catemaco molly ( Poecilia catemaconis ) , Catemaco livebearer ( Poeciliopsis catemaco ) , and Xiphophorus milleri . Non-endemic native fish species include Pseudoxiphophorus bimaculatus and Xiphophorus hellerii .
Biologically , Eyipantla Falls effectively isolates the rest of the Papaloapan basin from the lake . The high rate of endemicity suggests that Lake Catemaco has been biogeographically isolated for some time , possibly since its origin up to 2 million years ago .
Fishery
Because of the excessive nutrients , Laguna Catemaco is one of the more productive lakes in Mexico , up to 1,800 tons annually . Large netting is prohibited to assure the livelihood of more than a thousand registered fishermen . Blue tilapia ( Oreochromis aureus ) , a perch-like fish , was introduced from Africa , while a sardine-like Topote , and the snail Tegogolo are the most common catches .
Geology
Laguna Catemaco has a surface area of , is formed like an elliptical parabola and is almost square with maximum width and axis of a little more than , ( 10,250 m width and a WSW-ENE axis of 12,320 m ) . It contains of water . The laguna is Mexico 's eighteenth in size of water bodies , seventh in size of lakes and lagunas , third in size of lakes .
Prevailing climate is hot and humid with average temperature of 23.4 °C ( 75 °F ) . Rainfall varies seasonally with averages of recorded at Catemaco and at Coyame . Winds from the Gulf of Mexico enter the Catemaco watershed through an opening in the surrounding mountains located to the north of the town of Coyame , and cross the lake in a NE-SW direction , blowing strongly over the lake throughout the year . From February to October , northeast winds are dominant . Colder and faster northern winds blow from November to January .
The tropical rainforest that once covered all the watershed of the lake has been severely decimated in the last few decades . Consequently , sedimentation has greatly increased , affecting the clarity of its waters and if left uncontrolled will possibly fill in the lake in the far future .
The shoreline is irregular , with remnants of several volcanic cones and its perimeter is about and would be an ideal venue for 50 km sporting events , if circumnavigation were possible . At present a gap in the lake shore road at Tepeyaga peninsula prohibits this .
There are several volcanic islands within the lake . Several of these islands are stocked with native and imported monkeys as a University of Veracruz research project . This has led to more than 70 small boats scurrying tourists from Catemaco city across the lake to view the free ranging monkeys . The lake has been the backdrop for movies , including Sean Connery 's Medicine Man .
References
External links
Laguna Catemaco Guide
Veracruz
Lakes of Mexico
Landforms of Veracruz
Los Tuxtlas
Lava dammed lakes
Papaloapan River
Bye Bye Birdie-Irma La Douce ( full title The Chico Hamilton Quintet Plays Selections from Bye Bye Birdie-Irma La Douce ) is an album by drummer and bandleader Chico Hamilton featuring jazz adaptations of tunes from the Broadway musicals Bye Bye Birdie and Irma La Douce recorded in 1960 and released on the Columbia label .
Reception
AllMusic rated the album two stars .
Track listing
Side 1 :
All compositions by Marguerite Monnot
`` Irma La Douce '' - 3:52
`` Our Language of Love '' - 3:47
`` From a Prison Cell '' - 4:01
`` She 's Got the Lot '' - 2:57
`` There Is Only One Paris for That '' - 3:41
Side 2 :
All compositions by Charles Strouse and Lee Adams
`` A Lot of Livin ' to Do '' - 5:49
`` Baby , Talk to Me '' - 3:06
`` Put On a Happy Face '' - 2:42
`` How Lovely to Be a Woman '' - 3:55
`` Kids ! '' - 2:38
Personnel
Chico Hamilton - drums
Charles Lloyd - alto saxophone , flute
Nathan Gershman - cello
Harry Pope - guitar
Bobby Haynes - bass
References
1961 albums
Chico Hamilton albums
Columbia Records albums
Terbol ( ) , is a village located in the Zahlé District of the Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon .
The International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas ( ICARDA ) is located in the village .
History
In 1838 , Eli Smith noted Terbul as a Maronite and Catholic village in the Baalbek area .
References
Bibliography
External links
Terbol , localiban
Populated places in Zahlé District
Populated places in Lebanon
Gilabert de Centelles y de Cabrera ( born c.1400 ) was a Viceroy of Sicily and the son of Gilabert de Centelles y de Riusech , Baron of Nules , and Elionor de Cabrera .
The Centelles were a notable and wealthy family from Valencia . He married Constanza di Ventimiglia , Countess of Collesano in Sicily .
Further reading
http : //sicilyweb.com/petraliasottana/
http : //www.sicilianexperience.com/history.php ? codice=collesano & lingua=en
http : //www.grandesp.org.uk/historia/gzas/aranda.htm
Viceroys of Sicily
Spanish untitled nobility
15th-century Aragonese nobility
People from Valencia
The 1821 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 13 , 1821 .
Incumbent Democratic-Republican Governor Samuel Bell won re-election to a third term .
General election
Major candidates
Samuel Bell , Democratic-Republican , incumbent Governor
Minor candidates
The following candidates may not have been formally nominated and attracted only scattering votes .
William Hale , Federalist , former U.S. Representative
Jeremiah Mason , Federalist , former U.S . Senator , Federalist nominee for Governor in 1818
David L. Morril , Democratic-Republican , incumbent U.S . Senator
George B. Upham , Federalist , former U.S. Representative , former Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Results
References
Notes
1821
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Rosenthal Field was a ballpark in Lubbock , Texas , home to the Lubbock Hubbers , who played in many professional leagues for many years before it was no longer in use .
Notes
References
`` Texas Almanac 2008–2009 '' , The Dallas Morning News , c.2008
Baseball venues in Texas
Baseball in Lubbock , Texas
Sports venues in Lubbock , Texas
Former buildings and structures in Lubbock , Texas
The Somme Heritage Centre is a tourist attraction and education centre in Newtownards , County Down , Northern Ireland . Opened in 1994 the centre promotes Ireland 's role in the First World War , and especially the role of both Protestant and Catholic , unionist and nationalist in the war . It focuses on three of the volunteer divisions in Ireland ;
10th ( Irish ) Division
16th ( Irish ) Division
36th ( Ulster ) Division
See also
Northern Ireland War Memorial
The Cenotaph , Belfast
External links
The Somme Heritage Centre Homepage
Information and Picture Collection from The Somme Heritage Centre
Second World War online resource for NI
Buildings and structures in County Down
World War I museums in the United Kingdom
Museums established in 1994
Military and war museums in Northern Ireland
Museums in County Down
Military history of County Down
1994 establishments in Northern Ireland
WALC is a radio station ( 100.5 FM ) in Charleston , South Carolina .
WALC may also refer to :
PT Badak Bontang Airport , an Indonesian public airport ( ICAO code : WALC )
Wilderness Arts and Literacy Collaborative , a co-curricular academic pathway at Balboa High School
Çalta is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Helluomorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae .
Containing the following species :
Helluomorpha araujoi Reichardt , 1974
Helluomorpha eulinae Reichardt , 1974
Helluomorpha heros ( Gory , 1833 )
Helluomorpha macroptera Chaudoir , 1850
References
Anthiinae ( beetle )
Lutz is a surname and given name , occasionally a short form of Ludwig . People with the name include :
Surname
Adolfo Lutz ( 1855–1940 ) , Brazilian physician
Aleda E. Lutz ( 1915–1944 ) , American Army flight nurse
Alois Lutz , Austrian figure skater , for whom the Lutz jump is named
Anke Lutz ( born 1970 ) , German chess master
Berta Lutz ( 1894–1976 ) , Brazilian scientist and feminist
Bob Lutz ( American football ) , American high school football coach
Bob Lutz ( businessman ) ( born 1932 ) , Swiss American V.P . of General Motors
Bob Lutz ( tennis ) ( born 1947 ) , American tennis player
Bobby Lutz ( basketball ) ( born 1958 ) , American college basketball coach
Brenda Lutz , Scottish-American political science writer
Carl Lutz ( 1895–1975 ) , Swiss vice-consul to Hungary during WWII , credited with saving over 62,000 Jews
Chris Lutz , ( born 1985 ) , American-Filipino professional basketball player
Christopher Lutz ( born 1971 ) , German chess grandmaster
Eduard von Lutz , ( 1810–1893 ) , Bavarian Major General and War Minister
Edwin George Lutz , American illustrator and author
Élisabeth Lutz ( 1914–2008 ) , French mathematician
Elvira Lutz ( born 1935 ) , Uruguayan midwife , educator , and writer
Erwin Lutz , Austrian prison chef , who protected Jews in WWII
Friedel Lutz ( born 1939 ) , German football player
Friedrich Lutz ( 1852–1918 ) , Bavarian politician
Friedrich A. Lutz ( 1901–1975 ) , German economist
Gabrielle Lutz ( 1935–2011 ) , French Olympic sprint canoeist
Gary Lutz , American writer of poetry and fiction
George Lutz and Kathy Lutz , basis for the family depicted in The Amityville Horror
Giles A. Lutz ( 1910–1982 ) , American author of Western novels
Gizella Lutz ( 1906–1992 ) , Hungarian wife of Ferenc Szálasi
Hans Lutz ( born 1949 ) , German track and road cyclist
Hartmut Lutz ( born 1945 ) , German professor of Canadian and American Studies
Hermann Lutz ( 1881–1965 ) , German civil servant and social science writer
Jack Lutz , American computer scientist
Jarka Lutz , Czechoslovak-French slalom canoeist
Jean Baptiste Lutz ( born 1988 ) , French sprint canoeist
Jo Lutz ( born 1980 ) , Australian rower
John Lutz ( born 1973 ) , American television writer and actor
J. D. Lutz , a fictionalized version of this person on 30 Rock
John Lutz ( mystery writer ) ( 1939–2021 ) , American author of mystery novels
Joe Lutz ( 1925–2008 ) , American professional baseball player and coach
Joseph Lutz ( general ) ( 1933–1999 ) , American major general
Joseph Lutz ( politician ) ( born 1948 ) , American politician
Julie Lutz , American astronomer
Karen McCullah Lutz , American screenwriter and novelist
Kellan Lutz ( born 1985 ) , American actor
Ken Lutz ( born 1965 ) , American football player
Larry Lutz ( 1913–1998 ) , American football player and coach
Mark Lutz ( actor ) ( born 1970 ) , American actor
Mark Lutz ( athlete ) ( born 1951 ) , American sprinter
Mark A. Lutz ( born 1941 ) , Swiss-born economics professor
Martin Lutz ( born 1950 ) , German conductor
Matilda Lutz ( born 1991 ) , Italian actress
Matt Lutz ( born 1978 ) , American actor
Meyer Lutz ( 1829–1903 ) , German composer of musicals
Oswald Lutz ( 1876–1944 ) , first German tank general
, designer of a swing-piston engine
Philip Lutz , Jr. ( 1888–1947 ) , American politician
Raymond Lutz ( born 1957 ) , American businessman , electronics engineer and politician
Rudolf Lutz ( born 1951 ) , Swiss harpsichordist and conductor
Russell Lutz ( born 1968 ) , American science fiction author
Ton Lutz , ( 1919–2009 ) , Dutch actor
Vera Lutz ( 1912–1976 ) , British economist
Wil Lutz ( born 1994 ) , American football placekicker
William D. Lutz ( born 1940 ) , American linguist
Winifred Ann Lutz ( born 1942 ) , American sculptor and fiber artist
Zach Lutz ( born 1986 ) , American professional baseball player
First name or nickname
Lutz Altepost ( born 1981 ) , German flatwater canoeist
Lutz Bacher ( 1943–2019 ) , pseudonym of an American artist in a variety of media
Lutz Dombrowski ( born 1959 ) , German long jumper
Lutz Eigendorf ( 1956–1983 ) , German footballer and defector
Lutz Fleischer ( born 1956 ) , German painter and graphic artist
Lutz Gerresheim ( 1958–1980 ) , German footballer
Lutz Glandien ( born 1954 ) , German classical and electroacoustic composer and musician
Lutz Goepel ( born 1942 ) , German politician
Lutz Hachmeister ( born 1959 ) , German media historian , filmmaker and journalist
Lutz Heck , Ludwig George Heinrich Heck , ( 1892–1983 ) , German zoologist
Lutz Heilmann ( born 1966 ) , German left-wing politician
Lutz Heßlich ( born 1959 ) , German racing cyclist
Lutz Hoffmann ( 1959–1997 ) , German Olympic gymnast
Lutz Jacobi ( born 1955 ) , Dutch politician
Lutz Jäncke ( born 1957 ) , neuropsychologist
Lutz Kayser , German aerospace engineer , founded OTRAG
Lutz Kleveman ( born 1974 ) , German author , journalist and photographer
Lutz Körner , German slalom canoeist
Lutz Kühnlenz , German luger
Lutz Langer , German Paralympic shot putter
Lutz Lindemann ( born 1949 ) , German football coach and former player
Lutz Liwowski ( born 1967 ) , German sprint canoeist
Lutz Long ( 1913–1943 ) , German Olympic long jumper
Lutz Mack ( born 1952 ) , German Olympic gymnast
Lutz Meyer-Goßner ( born 1936 ) , German jurist and law professor
Lutz Mommartz ( born 1934 ) , German filmmaker
Lutz Pfannenstiel ( born 1973 ) , German football goalkeeper
Lutz Philipp ( 1940–2012 ) , German Olympic long-distance runner
Lutz Rathenow ( born 1952 ) , German dissident writer and poet
Lutz Roeder , software engineer , author of .NET Reflector
Lutz D. Schmadel ( 1942–2016 ) , German astronomer
Lutz Schülbe ( born 1961 ) , German footballer
Lutz Graf Schwerin von Krosigk ( 1887–1977 ) , German politician
Lutz Taufer , German activist with links to the Socialist Patients ' Collective ( SPK )
Lutz Templin , ( 1901–1973 ) , German jazz bandleader
Lutz Ulbricht ( born 1942 ) , German Olympic rower
Lutz Unger ( born 1951 ) , German Olympic swimmer
Lutz Wahl ( 1869–1928 ) , American major general
Lutz Wanja ( born 1956 ) , German Olympic backstroke swimmer
Lutz Wienhold ( born 1965 ) , German footballer
Lutz Winde ( born 1966 ) , German actor and director
Lutz Wingert ( born 1958 ) , German philosopher
German masculine given names
German-language surnames
Informal personal names
Hypocorisms
Surnames from given names
Kinkeadtown is a historically African American section of Lexington , Kentucky . It was established near the home of George Blackburn Kinkead ( former Secretary of State of Kentucky ) , several years after the American Civil War . The land was subdivided by Kinkead in 1870 and sold exclusively to African Americans . In 1880 it was populated by about 20 families and grew to include over 300 residents . Cities had growing populations of African Americans during the era . Kinkead 's home is now the Living Arts and Science Center . An archaeological report on the area was published in 1996 .
Many of the original homes in Kinkeadtown were destroyed in a redevelopment effort during the 1990s . Lilia Garrison ( born 1908 ) , a resident of the area , was interviewed for an oral history project . Mary Edna Berry , another resident , was also interviewed in 1989 . Goodloetown was another area of Lexington developed for African Americans and named for the developer , a nephew of Cassius Clay .
References
Neighborhoods in Lexington , Kentucky
African-American history of Kentucky
History of racial segregation in the United States
The white-tufted grebe ( Rollandia rolland ) , also known as Rolland 's grebe , is a species of grebe in the family Podicipedidae . Found in the southern half of South America , its natural habitat is freshwater lakes , ponds and sluggish streams .
Taxonomy and etymology
Three subspecies are recognised :
R. r. chilensis ( Lesson , 1828 ) – South Peru and southeast Brazil southwards to Cape Horn and Tierra del Fuego .
R. r. morrisoni ( Simmons , 1962 ) – Central Peru .
R. r. rolland ( Quoy & Gaimard , 1824 ) – Falkland Islands .
The white-tufted grebe is also called Rolland 's grebe .
Description
The male and female white-tufted grebe look alike and are between in length . Adults in breeding plumage have a prominent black crest on the back of their heads . There is a large white tuft of feathers around the ear but otherwise the head , neck and back are black , with a slight greenish sheen , and the feathers of the mantle and back are narrowly bordered with brown . The underparts are a dull reddish-brown , often mottled with brown or grey . The secondary wing feathers are white , pale grey or have white tips . The eye is red , the beak black and the legs grey or olive-brown . Adults in non-breeding plumage are dark brown rather than black . The crest becomes inconspicuous , the sides of the head and throat are white and the white wing patches are retained . The neck and chest are buff , gradually paling to white on the belly . Immature birds resemble adults in non-breeding plumage but their throats and the sides of their necks have brown streaking .
Distribution and habitat
The white-tufted grebe is found in the southern part of South America . Its range includes south-eastern Brazil , Uruguay , Paraguay , Bolivia , Chile , Peru , Argentina and the Falkland Islands . It occurs as a vagrant in the South Sandwich Islands and South Georgia . Its typical habitat is lakes , marshy ponds , ditches and slow-moving streams . Birds in the southern part of the range form into flocks after the breeding season and migrate northwards up the coast . These are often seen in bays and other sheltered marine locations .
Behaviour
Breeding
The white-tufted grebe nests in colonies in beds of reeds , with individuals preferring small areas that have a high density of reeds surrounded by water and colonies , as a whole , being located in areas adjacent to water with a low density of reeds overall with small clumps that have a high density of reeds .
This grebe usually lays a clutch of one to three eggs . These eggs usually measure about .
Status
The white-tufted grebe has an extensive range . The IUCN lists the species as being of `` least concern '' as , although the population trend may be downwards , the total population is large and this means the bird does not meet the criteria for listing it in a more threatened category .
References
Rollandia ( bird )
Birds described in 1824
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Justin Pender ( born October 25 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman . He is currently playing for the Clarenville Caribou 's of the Central West Senior Hockey League in Newfoundland & Labrador .
Prior to turning professional , Pender played major junior hockey in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League with the Halifax Mooseheads .
On November 15 , 2011 , the Bakersfield Condors claimed Pender off waivers after he was let go by the Toledo Walleye .
On January 28 , 2017 Pender was suspended from regular season play for hitting a referee in the head with a water bottle during a game against the Grand Falls Cataracts
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Halifax Mooseheads players
Ice hockey people from Newfoundland and Labrador
Lowell Devils players
Sportspeople from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
Toledo Walleye players
Trenton Devils players
Keyboard expression is the ability of a keyboard musical instrument to change tone or other qualities of the sound in response to velocity , pressure or other variations in how the performer depresses the keys of the musical keyboard . Expression types include :
Velocity sensitivity—how fast the key is pressed
Aftertouch , or pressure sensitivity — the amount of pressure on a key , once already held down
Displacement sensitivity—distance that a key is pressed down
Keyboard instruments offer a range of expression types . Acoustic pianos , such as upright and grand pianos , are velocity-sensitive—the faster the key strike , the harder the hammer hits the strings . Baroque-style clavichords and professional synthesizers are aftertouch-sensitive—applied force on the key after the initial strike produces effects such as vibrato or swells in volume . Tracker pipe organs and some electronic organs are displacement-sensitive—partly depressing a key produces a quieter tone .
Velocity sensitivity
The piano , being velocity-sensitive , responds to the speed of the key-press in how fast the hammers strike the strings , which in turn changes the tone and volume of the sound . Several piano predecessors , such as the harpsichord , were not velocity-sensitive like the piano . Some confuse pressure-sensitive with velocity-sensitive . To avoid this confusion , pressure sensitivity is often called aftertouch . The MIDI standard supports both velocity and aftertouch .
In general , only high-end electronic keyboards implement true pressure sensitivity , while most professional-quality electronic keyboards support velocity sensitivity . Cheaper electronic keyboards , such as toy electronic keyboards and basic learning keyboards manufactured by Casio and Yamaha in the US $ 100 price range , do not have velocity sensitivity , but instead a manually-adjusted note volume .
Pressure sensitivity or aftertouch
The clavichord and some electronic keyboards also respond to the amount of force applied after initial impact—they are pressure-sensitive . This can be used by a skilled clavichord player to slightly correct the intonation of the notes when playing on a clavichord , and/or to play with a form of vibrato known as bebung .
Unlike in a piano action , the tangent does not rebound from the string ; rather , it stays in contact with the string as long as the key is held , acting as both the nut and as the initiator of sound . The volume of the note can be changed by striking harder or softer , and the pitch can also be affected by varying the force of the tangent against the string . When the key is released , the tangent loses contact with the string and the vibration of the string is silenced by strips of damping cloth .
By applying a rocking pressure up and down the key with the finger , a performer can slightly alter the vibrating length of the string itself , producing a vibrato quality known as bebung . While the vibrato on fretless string instruments such as the violin typically oscillates in pitch both above and below the root note , clavichord bebung only produces pitches above the note .
Sheet music does not often explicitly indicate bebung . Composers generally let players apply bebung at their discretion . When sheet music does indicate bebung , it appears as a series of dots above or below a note ; the number of dots indicates the number of finger movements .
On electronic keyboards and synthesizers , pressure sensitivity is usually called aftertouch . The vast majority of such instruments use only channel aftertouch : that is , one level of pressure is reported across the entire keyboard , which affects either all notes pressed ( even ones not being pushed into aftertouch ) or a subset of the active notes in some instruments that allow this level of control . A minority of instruments have polyphonic aftertouch , in which each individual note has its own sensor for pressure that enables differing usage of aftertouch for different notes .
Aftertouch sensors detect whether the musician is continuing to exert pressure after the initial strike of the key . The aftertouch feature allows keyboard players to change the tone or sound of a note after it is struck , the way that singers , wind players , or bowed instrument players can do . On some keyboards , sounds or synth voices have a preset pressure sensitivity effect , such as a swell in volume ( mimicking a popular idiomatic style of vocal performance with melodies ) or the addition of vibrato .
On some keyboards - a good example of such an instrument being Yamaha 's programmable synthesiser-workstation , the Yamaha EX5 - the player can select the effects to which aftertouch applies . This allows a performer to custom-tailor the effect that they desire . It may also facilitate the imitation of various non-keyboard instruments . For example , a keyboardist who wishes to imitate the sound of a heavy metal guitar solo could use a distortion guitar sound , and then set the aftertouch feature to apply a pitch bend to the note .
Displacement sensitivity
A third form of sensitivity is displacement sensitivity . Displacement-sensitive keyboards are often found on organs . Most mechanical organs , and some electrically actuated organs , are displacement-sensitive , i.e. , when a key is partially pressed , the corresponding note ( pipe , reed , etc . ) in the organ produces a different , quieter sound than when the key is fully pressed . In some organs , the pitch or tone colour may also be altered . Small tabletop organs and accordions often respond similarly , with sound output increasing as keys are pressed further down . Even the small circular accompaniment ( `` one button chord '' ) keys found on accordions and on some organs exhibit this phenomenon . Accordingly , some electrically actuated organs have retained this form of keyboard a 34-rank organ in the Swiss village of Ursy is equipped with hi-tech features from Syncordia , including what some erroneously claim is the first non-mechanical action that directly controls the opening of a pipe organ 's pallets in direct proportion to key movement , ostensibly combining the virtues of electric action with the intimate control of tracker action . However , Vincent Willis ' 1884 patent Floating Lever pneumatic action also had this capability .
Other more sophisticated sensitivity forms are common in organ keyboards . Both the Pratt Reed and Kimber Allen 61-key ( 5-octave ) keyboards have provision for up to nine rails so they can sense various amounts of displacement , as well as velocity in various regimes of distance from the top to the bottom of the key travel of each key . Some modern instruments , such as the Continuum , a MIDI controller for keyboards , have extremely sophisticated human interface schemes that provide dynamic control in three dimensions . In principle , displacement can be differentiated to get velocity , but the converse is not entirely practical , without some amount of baseline drift . Thus a displacement sensing keyboard may be better at providing both organ and piano feel in a single keyboard controller .
Most digital pianos implement a displacement-sensitive keyboard , in order to simulate the sound-stopping length of the note after the key is released . On an acoustic piano , releasing a key after being partially depressed will result in a quieter , shorter sound stopping . The displacement-sensitive keyboard on a digital piano were designed to simulate the similar effect .
Other types
Acoustic pianos have expression pedals that change the response or tone of the instrument .
On small upright pianos , the soft pedal ( also called una corda or half-blow pedal ) moves the hammers closer to the strings . On grand pianos , the soft pedal moves the hammers sideways so each hammer strikes only part of its string group .
The sustain pedal ( also called damper pedal ) prevents individual key dampers from lifting when the player releases the key . All notes played with the sustain pedal ring until the player releases the sustain pedal ( or until the note completely decays ) . With the dampers not applied , octave , fifth , and other overtones vibrate sympathetically , producing a richer sound . Most electronic keyboards also have a sustain pedal that holds notes and chords , but only high-end digital keyboards reproduce the sympathetic vibration effect .
Electromechanical keyboards and electronic keyboards offer a range of other expression devices . Electromechanical keyboards such as the Hammond organ offer additional means of keyboard expression by modifying the starting , stopping , or speed of the rotating Leslie speaker or by engaging a variety of vibrato or chorus effects . Digital `` clones '' of Hammond organs offer recreations of these effects , along with other effects . The VK-9 digital organ , for example , offers a proximity-sensitive detector that triggers the Leslie speaker , a ring modulator , or other effects .
Some effect pedals used with electromechanical keyboards such as the Fender Rhodes electric piano or digital keyboards respond to loudness and so , indirectly , to key velocity . Examples include overdrive pedals , which produce a clean sound for softer notes , and a distortion effect for louder notes—and fixed wah-wah pedals that filter the audio signal based on loudness .
References
Keyboard instruments
eo : Frapdinamiko
The 1st Canadian Parliament was in session from November 6 , 1867 , until July 8 , 1872 . The membership was set by the 1867 federal election from August 7 to September 20 , 1867 . It was prorogued prior to the 1872 election .
It was controlled by a majority coalition between the Conservative Party and the Liberal-Conservative Party under Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald and the 1st Canadian Ministry . The Official Opposition was the Liberal Party , led by Edward Blake from 1869 to 1871 , followed by a vacancy in the Liberal leadership .
The Speaker was James Cockburn . See also List of Canadian electoral districts ( 1867–1871 ) for a list of the ridings in this parliament .
Members of Parliament
Following is a full list of members of the first parliament by province . Cabinet members are bolded .
Electoral districts denoted by an asterisk ( * ) indicates that district was represented by two members .
Nova Scotia
Note :
1 – The Anti-Confederate Party dissolved after failing to secure Nova Scotia 's secession from Confederation . In 1869 its members joined other parties , or in one case sat as an independent .
New Brunswick
Quebec
Four Quebec members recontested their seats in byelections , and were re-elected :
2 – John Rose was reelected in Huntingdon on November 28 , 1867 , after being named Minister of Finance .
3 – Barthélemy Pouliot was unseated on petition , but was reelected in L'Islet on July 14 , 1869 .
4 – Christopher Dunkin was reelected in Brome on November 29 , 1869 , after being named Minister of Agriculture .
5 – John Henry Pope was reelected in Compton on November 11 , 1871 , after being named Minister of Agriculture following Dunkin 's resignation from Parliament .
Ontario
Note :
6 – One Ontario MP , Alexander Morris , recontested his seat in a byelection . He was reelected in Lanark South on November 29 , 1869 , after being appointed Minister of Inland Revenue .
Manitoba
Manitoba joined Confederation in 1870 . Byelections to choose Manitoba 's representatives were held on March 2 and March 3 , 1871 .
British Columbia
British Columbia joined Confederation in 1871 . Byelections to choose the province 's representatives were held in November and December of that year .
Pre-Confederation predecessors
By-elections
Works cited
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Seating plan for the House of Commons , 1867
1867 Orders-in-Council
1868 Orders-in-Council
1869 Orders-in-Council
1870 Orders-in-Council
1871 Orders-in-Council
1872 Orders-in-Council
1873 Orders-in-Council
01st Canadian Parliament
1867 in Canada
1868 in Canada
1869 in Canada
1870 in Canada
1871 in Canada
1872 in Canada
1867 establishments in Canada
1872 disestablishments in Canada
The Winnipeg Jets are a Canadian professional ice hockey team based in Winnipeg , Manitoba . They play in the Central Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The team joined the NHL in 1999 as an expansion team as the Atlanta Thrashers , but moved to Winnipeg , Manitoba in 2011 , being renamed after the previous Winnipeg Jets team ( now playing as the Arizona Coyotes ) . The Jets play their home games at the Canada Life Centre . They are owned by True North Sports & Entertainment , Kevin Cheveldayoff is their general manager , and Blake Wheeler is the team captain .
The team 's first head coach was Claude Noel , who was previously the interim head coach of the Columbus Blue Jackets towards the end of the 2009–10 season . He was fired on January 12 , 2014 , and replaced by former Carolina Hurricanes and Toronto Maple Leafs head coach Paul Maurice .
Key
Coaches
Note : Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2021–22 season .
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Jets . Thus , any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once .
Before the 2005–06 season , the NHL instituted a penalty shootout for regular season games that remained tied after a five-minute overtime period , which prevented ties .
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NHL season .
References
head coaches
Winnipeg Jets
Miikse ( also known as Meeksi , Miiksi , Megusitsa ) is a village in Setomaa Parish , Võru County , southeastern Estonia . It has a population of 52 ( as of 1 January 2009 ) .
Meeksi Saint John the Baptist church was built in 1953 . In that time Estonia was under Joseph Stalin 's rule . The local people finished the work by building at nights .
References
Villages in Võru County
Redgrave v Hurd ( 1881 ) 20 Ch D 1 is an English contract law case , concerning misrepresentation . It holds that a contract can be rescinded for innocent misrepresentation , even where the representee also had the chance to verify the false statement .
Facts
Mr Redgrave , an elderly solicitor , advertised for a partner to join the business and buy the accompanying house . He said in an interview with Mr Hurd that the practice brought in £300 pa , when it was only £200 pa. Mr Redgrave showed him summaries that came to a £200 pa average income and said that the rest of the £300 figure was borne out by other papers in the office that he could check ( in fact they showed no business ) . Mr Hurd did not inspect the papers , until he realised the truth just before completion of the agreement . He had signed the contract but he refused to go through . Mr Redgrave sued for specific performance and Mr Hurd counterclaimed for rescission based on fraudulent misrepresentation .
Fry J held that because Mr Hurd had not taken the opportunity to check through the papers , he could not be taken to have relied on them . Mr Hurd appealed .
Judgment
Sir George Jessel MR held that Mr Hurd 's counterclaim for fraudulent misrepresentation failed because there was no plea that Mr Redgrave knew his statements were untrue . Therefore , there was no entitlement to damages . Nevertheless , Fry J 's decision was reversed , and the contract was rescinded on grounds of innocent misrepresentation . He held that relying on the representation was enough and there was no duty to inspect the papers . For rescission , he noted the difference of law ( knowledge was necessary ) and equity , where the approach was ‘ A man is not to be allowed to say… that when he made it he did not know it to be false ; he ought to have found that out before he made it ' and ‘ no man ought to seek to take advantage of his own false statements ' . If a man is induced to enter a contract by a false representation it is not a sufficient answer to him to say , ‘ If you had used due diligence you would have found out that the statement was untrue . You had the means afforded you of discovering its falsity , and did not choose to avail yourself of them ... If it is a material representation calculated to induce him to enter into the contract , it is an inference of law that he was induced by the representation to enter into it ' and so it is for the person alleging otherwise to show it .
Baggallay and Lush LJJ concurred .
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
Court of Appeal ( England and Wales ) cases
1881 in case law
1881 in British law
Paul ( Pawel ) Lewicki is a cognitive scientist , an entrepreneur , and investor . He was a professor of cognitive psychology at the University of Tulsa from 1984 through 2009 , where he established the Nonconscious Information Processing Laboratory , funded by NSF and NIH . After leaving the University in 2009 , he assumed the full-time role of CEO of StatSoft , a multinational analytics software company that he founded and where he was a majority shareholder . On March 24 , 2014 , StatSoft was sold to Dell .
Research in cognitive psychology
Lewicki is best known for his research on nonconscious information processing and self-perpetuation , where he demonstrated that procedural knowledge is created via nonconscious acquisition of information about complex covariations between events or features , and that nonconsciously , individuals can acquire very complex knowledge structures based on highly-multidimensional patterns of data .
Lewicki 's research on the self-perpetuating development of encoding dispositions purports to show that accidentally acquired ( and even very slight ) cognitive preferences or other encoding/interpretive dispositions can gradually develop and strengthen in a self-perpetuating manner . This mechanism may contribute to the development of [ personality traits and individual preferences , it may facilitate learning , but it can also lead to self-perpetuating development of dysfunctional biases , phobias , aversions and other symptoms of personality disorders .
Cognitive mining versus predictive data mining
Lewicki together with fellow cognitive researcher Thomas Hill were among the first to publish evidence that advanced expertise acquired by humans via experience , involves the acquisition ( learning ) and utilization of repeatable patterns in data that are structurally more complex than what humans can verbalize or intuitively experience , because they involve high-order interactions between multiple variables . The human consciousness usually can not handle more than only third-order interactions .
This approach became popular and rapidly adopted by the corporate world as so-called “ predictive data mining ” starting in the late 1990s and StatSoft 's STATISTICA Data Miner is now one of the widely used enterprise-level software systems for data mining and predictive analytics .
Lewicki began to write data analysis software for personal computers even before PCs became powerful enough to handle computationally-intensive procedures such as data mining . He found the mainframe data analysis software difficult to use and needed a tool to analyze his research data . He gave this software away for free to colleagues , who provided positive feedback and this led him to incorporate StatSoft . StatSoft then expanded into enterprise-scale predictive analytics software and , according to the company website , is now an international analytic solution software provider with more than 1,000,000 users and 30 offices worldwide .
StatSoft
Lewicki was the Chief Executive Officer and President of StatSoft ; on March 24 , 2014 , StatSoft was acquired by Dell .
In a recent interview , Lewicki emphasized that StatSoft 's corporate culture remains focused on long-term research and altruism rather than profits : `` Our mission is to create value and to make the world a better place , and analytics contribute directly to that . Our employees ' biggest reward is to see that what we 're doing works and is making a difference . ''
Lewicki is the co-author ( with Thomas Hill ) of Statistics : Methods and Applications ( also freely available in electronic format as the StatSoft Electronic Statistics Textbook ) , a popular resource on statistics and predictive modeling on the web with over 375,000 links from other websites worldwide ( according to Google Analytics ) .
At StatSoft , Lewicki ( with Thomas Hill ) also directed research sponsored by the Electric Power Research Institute of Palo Alto ( EPRI ) , to demonstrate the effectiveness of pattern recognition and predictive modeling algorithms for the optimization of combustion processes , to reduce harmful emissions from fossil fuel plants . The results of this research were published as EPRI Report number 1016494 , and were also presented at the 2008 Meeting of the Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate . Lewicki has communicated to EPRI that because of the relevance of this work for environmentally sustainable power generation , this technology will be released to the public domain as soon as the proper regulatory infrastructure is established by the EPA and DOE .
Involvement in European economies
In the fall of 2012 , Lewicki led the “ Free Enterprise Software for Struggling European Economies ” initiative , where StatSoft was installing free enterprise systems to companies in Greece , Portugal , and Spain to boost their productivity and competitiveness , and to facilitate their recovery . Lewicki has directed an open letter to fellow CEOs of US software companies urging them to join the initiative .
Artificial Intelligence in Medicine
After the sale of StatSoft to Dell in 2014 , Lewicki focused on applications of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine , that has been traditionally slower in adopting big data learning and data mining , and he co-founded Holo Surgical Inc. , a company that developed technology based on Artificial Intelligence and Augmented Reality to provide surgeons and later robots with synthetic vision . This AI-based technology is intended to support digital surgery by allowing surgeons to see internal organs without making incisions as if the patient had no skin , muscles , or connective tissue and thus to perform complex surgeries using minimally invasive techniques . Lewicki was the President and a major shareholder of Holo Surgical Inc. until 2020 when it was acquired by Surgalign Holdings Inc. ( Nasdaq : SRGA ) . Lewicki joined the Board of Directors of Surgalign in 2020 .
In 2016 , Lewicki co-founded Interneural Networks Inc. ( a company that specializes in Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Learning analysis of MRI brain imaging ) , and Kardiolytics ( a company that developed AI-based , non-invasive heart-diagnostics methods ) . Kardiolytics uses non-invasive , AI-based analysis of inexpensive and widely available CT-scans to produce in depth heart diagnostics , with the goal of providing these methods remotely to a large percentage of the world population that currently have no access to advanced medical procedures .
In 2017 , Lewicki co-founded Dystrogen Therapeutics Inc. a company that develops treatments for rare diseases such as Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and Huntington Disease based on high-tech therapies using chimeric cells and RNAi platforms .
Personal
Lewicki is a jet-rated Airline Transport Pilot , he is also an avid scuba diver , horse rider , and a skier .
References
American psychologists
Living people
1953 births
Lakota sometimes appears as a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Hryhoriy Lakota ( 1883–1950 ) , Ukrainian bishop
Peter Lakota ( born 1937 ) , Slovenian alpine skier
See also
Slovene-language surnames
Ukrainian-language surnames
India competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , United Kingdom , from 29 August to 9 September 2012 .
Competitors
Medallists
Athletics
Selected team of 5 athletes
Men 's Field Events
Powerlifting
Selected team of 3 athletes .
Men
Shooting
Swimming
Sharath Gayakwad is the sole representative of India in the swimming event of the Games . He earned the berth in 100 m breaststroke – SB8 event after winning a bronze medal in the Asian Para Games in Guangzhou , China . Gayakwad started his training for the Games under coach Mel Tantrum in Perth , Australia .
Men
See also
Summer Paralympic disability classification
India at the Paralympics
India at the 2012 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
2012
Summer Paralympics
Tales of Rohnlief is an album by the American composer , saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri , with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri . It was recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM label .
Reception
The AllMusic review by Dave Lynch stated : `` Tales of Rohnlief is music for the adventurous listener with time to savor its subtleties . But those with ears tuned to more conventional musical rules should still find plenty of beauty , warmth , and even humor in this recording '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Joe Maneri , Mat Maneri and Barre Phillips except as indicated
`` Rohnlief '' ( Joe Maneri , Barre Phillips ) - 8:34
`` A Long Way from Home '' ( Joe Maneri , Phillips ) - 13:08
`` Sunned '' ( Mat Maneri ) 3:30
`` When the Ship Went Down '' - 7:02
`` The Aftermath '' ( Mat Maneri , Phillips ) - 3:28
`` Bonewith '' - 5:43
`` Flaull Clon Sleare '' ( Joe Maneri ) - 2:36
`` Hold the Tiger '' - 1:51
`` Canzone Di Peppe '' - 3:28
`` The Field '' - 3:18
`` Nelgat '' - 4:07
`` Elma My Dear '' ( Joe Maneri , Phillips ) - 3:23
`` Third Hand '' ( Mat Maneri ) - 2:02
`` Pilvetslednah '' ( Joe Maneri ) - 2:44
Personnel
Joe Maneri - clarinet , alto saxophone , tenor saxophone , piano , voice
Barre Phillips - double bass
Mat Maneri - electric 6-string violins , baritone violin
References
1999 albums
ECM Records albums
Joe Maneri albums
Joël Cloarec ( born 5 February 1966 ) is a French football manager and former player who is the head coach of French club La Vitréenne . As a player , he was a forward .
Club career
Cloarec made his first steps as a pro with Concarneau in 1984 . He would go on to play for the club until 1986 , when he joined fellow Breton club Brest . In 1991 , Cloarec left Brest to sign for Châteauroux , where he would spend a season before joining Paris Saint-Germain ( PSG ) . At PSG , he was a victim of tough competition , and he only played one minute the entire season , as he was substituted on for David Ginola during a 2–1 Division 1 victory away to Saint-Étienne on 8 August 1992 . He holds the record for the shortest amount of time played for PSG . After the end of the 1992–93 season , Cloarec was sent out on loan to Valenciennes , where he played 38 league games in the Division 2 . Following his loan stint , he returned to Paris , but the PSG manager at the time , Artur Jorge , decided not to keep him ; therefore , he returned to his native Brittany to play for Guingamp .
In 1996 , Cloarec signed for Guingamp 's neighbors Stade Briochin . After just a season in Saint-Brieuc , he moved on to Vitré , the club at which he would eventually retire in 2002 .
International career
Cloarec played one match for Brittany national team in 1988 . He scored one of the goals in a 6–2 victory over in the United States in an indoor setting .
Post-playing career
From 2000 to 2002 , Cloarec was a player-manager for Vitré . In 2002 , he retired from football to take on the full role of manager at the club , a role in which he would stay in until 2011 . Cloarec coached Vitré to two Coupe de France round of 16 appearances – one in 2006 and another in 2009 . In 2011 , he became the head coach of Bonchamp .
During the 2013–14 season , Cloarec was the manager of La Vitréenne . However , he left that role at the end of the season to become a youth coach for the club . In 2016 , after two years as a youth coach , he returned to manage the first team for one season . In the 2017–18 season , Cloarec held the position of assistant manager in the first team of La Vitréenne , while simultaneously being the club 's sporting director . In 2018 , he stopped being assistant manager in order to be solely the sporting director . In 2020 , after two years as sporting director , Cloarec returned to coach La Vitréenne .
Honours
Manager
Vitré
Championnat de France Amateur 2 :
Notes
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Quimper
Footballers from Brittany
French footballers
Association football forwards
Brittany international footballers
US Concarneau players
Stade Brestois 29 players
LB Châteauroux players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C . players
Valenciennes FC players
En Avant Guingamp players
Stade Briochin players
French Division 4 ( 1978–1993 ) players
French Division 3 ( 1971–1993 ) players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
French football managers
Association football player-managers
La Vitréenne FC managers
The Ministry of Health and Population ( MoHP ) has its headquarters in Cairo . Khaled Abdel Ghaffar , the current Health Minister , was appointed in August 2022 .
Ministers
Hala Zayed ( 2018–2022 )
Khaled Abdel Ghaffar ( Temporarily ) in 2021
Khaled Abdel Ghaffar ( 2022–Present )
See also
Cabinet of Egypt
References
External links
Egypt 's Cabinet Database
Health
Ministry
Egypt
1936 establishments in Egypt
Government agencies established in 1936
Johann Georg Ebeling ( 8 July 1637 – 4 December 1676 ) was a German composer who was born in Lüneburg and died in Stettin . Ebeling is known as editor and composer of hymns by Paul Gerhardt . He published in 1667 120 songs by Gerhardt , adding new melodies to many , writing the first melody for 26 of them , including `` Die güldne Sonne voll Freud und Wonne '' and `` Du meine Seele singe '' . Several of his cantatas are extant .
Selected works
10 booklets , Frankfurt ( Oder ) and Berlin 1666/1667 .
Stettin 1670 .
Literature
Elke Liebig : Johann Georg Ebeling und Paul Gerhardt : Liedkomposition im Konfessionskonflikt . Die Geistlichen Andachten Berlin 1666/67 . Lang , Frankfurt am Main 2008 , .
References
External links
17th-century German composers
People from Lüneburg
1637 births
1676 deaths
Germany competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest , Hungary from 18 June to 3 July .
Medalists
Artistic swimming
Women
Diving
Men
Women
Mixed
Open water swimming
Men
Women
Mixed
Swimming
Men
Women
Mixed
Legend : ( * ) = Swimmers who participated in the heat only .
Water polo
Summary
Men 's tournament
Team roster
Group play
13–15th place semifinals
13th place game
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
World Aquatics Championships
2022
American Continental Corporation was a Phoenix , Arizona-based real estate company of the 1970s and 1980s .
History
The company was created in 1978 as a spin-off of American Financial Group , meant to do residential home construction . Its chairman was Charles Keating , who moved to Phoenix to run it .
By 1981 , Keating had two thousand employees on his payroll and was one of the largest land developers in Arizona , benefiting from a home building boom in the state .
In February 1984 , American Continental Corporation acquired the underperforming Lincoln Savings and Loan Association for $ 51 million . Much of American Continental 's assets were in the form of Arizona real estate , junk bonds , and mortgage-backed securities . Lincoln Savings expanded into aggressive , risky land development deals and financial arrangements , including loans due to American Continental . For most of 1987 , American Continental was profitable , but by 1988 , losses mounted , due to financial troubles and other bad happenings at Lincoln Savings . By 1989 , Lincoln made up 90 percent of American Continental 's assets .
On April 13 , 1989 , American Continental Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . It was liquidated by the court in December 1990 . The loss of investors ' life savings in Lincoln became one of the key events of the 1980s Savings and loan crisis and the core of the Keating Five political scandal .
Archival interest
An 1,800+ linear feet collection of archival records from the American Continental Corporation is available at the Arizona State University Department of Archives and Special Collections and consists of correspondence files , architectural and land use plans , promotional and advertising materials , environmental impact reports , regulatory reports , trial records , attorneys records and financial records relating to the corporation and a number of its subsidiaries . The records extend from approximately 1971 to 1993 . Access to certain parts of this collection are limited by court order .
References
External links
American Continental Corporation Records , Arizona State University Library . Greater Arizona Collection
American companies established in 1976
Real estate companies established in 1976
Companies based in Phoenix , Arizona
Defunct companies based in Arizona
Savings and loan crisis
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1989
1976 establishments in Arizona
1990 disestablishments in Arizona
Defunct real estate companies of the United States
The 1998 Hillingdon London Borough Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the council went into no overall control .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
This is a list of towns and villages in County Cork , Ireland .
A
Adrigole
Aghabullogue
Aghada
Ahakista
Aherla
Ahiohill
Allihies
Ardfield
Ardgroom
B
Ballinacurra
Ballinadee
Ballinagree
Ballinascarty
Ballincollig
Ballindangan
Ballineen
Ballingeary
Ballinhassig
Ballinora
Ballinspittle
Ballintemple
Ballymacoda
Ballyclogh
Ballydehob
Ballydesmond
Ballygarvan
Ballylickey
Ballymakeera
Ballyvourney
Ballymore
Baltimore
Bandon
Banteer
Bantry
Béal na Bláth
Belgooly
Belvelly
Bishopstown
Blarney
Boherbue
Buttevant
Bweeng
C
Canovee
Cape Clear
Carrigadrohid
Carrigaline
Carriganimmy
Carrigtwohill
Castlehaven
Castlelyons
Castlemartyr
Castletownbere
Castletownroche
Castletownshend
Castletown-Kinneigh
Charleville
Churchtown
Cloghroe
Clonakilty
Clondrohid
Clondulane
Cloughduv
Cloyne
Coachford
Cobh
Conna
Coolea
Cork City
Courtmacsherry
Crookhaven
Crookstown
Crossbarry
Crosshaven
Cullen
D
Derry
Doneraile
Donoughmore
Douglas
Drimoleague
Drinagh
Dripsey
Dromahane
Dunderrow
Duneen
Dungourney
Dunmanus
Dunmanway
Durrus
E
Enniskean
Eyeries
F
Farran
Fermoy
Fota Island
Fountainstown
G
Glandore
Glanmire
Glanworth
Glasheen
Glenbrook
Glengarriff
Glounthaune
Goleen
Gougane Barra
H
Halfway
I
Innishannon
K
Kanturk
Kealkill
Kilbrittain
Kilcrohane
Kilmichael
Kilnamartyra
Kilumney
Kilworth
Kinsale
Knockavilla
Knocknagree
Knockraha
Killeagh
L
Ladysbridge
Laragh
Leap
Letter East
Letter West
Little Island
Liscarroll
Lisgoold
Lismire
Lombardstown
Lowertown
Lyre
M
Macroom
Maine South
Mallow
Mayfield
Meelin
Midleton
Milford
Millstreet
Minane Bridge
Mitchelstown
Monkstown
Montenotte
Mourneabbey
N
Nad
Newcestown
Newmarket
Newtownshandrum
Nohoval
O
Ovens
R
Rathcormac
Rhea
Riverstick
Rockchapel
Rosscarbery
Ringaskiddy
S
Sallybrook
Schull
Shanagarry
Shanbally
Shanballymore
Sheep 's Head
Sherkin
Skibbereen
T
Timoleague
Togher
Toureen
Tower
U
Union Hall
Upton
W
Waterfall
Watergrasshill
Whiddy
Whitegate
Y
Youghal
Towns and villages
Articles on towns and villages in Ireland possibly missing Irish place names
Mariángela Haydée Manuela Bonanni Randazzo is a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder and Fashion Model from San Cristóbal , Táchira , Venezuela , who started her career representing her native state Táchira in the Miss Venezuela 2009 pageant on 24 September 2009 , and won the title of 1st runner-up and Best Catwalk . She subsequently represented Venezuela in the 2010 Miss Earth beauty pageant , in Nha Trang , ( Vietnam ) on 4 December 2010 , and ranked in Top 7 .
After the beauty pageants , she began her career as a model in 2012 , which she currently continues developing . In her career as a model she has lived in different countries such as Mexico , Spain , Greece , Turkey , London and the United States .
Career
Modeling
She began her modeling career in 2012 with the agency Model Zone in Mexico City where she did TV commercials for brands such as Always ( brand ) , Ruffles , Doritos , Baileys Irish Cream , Tequila Cazadores and Jose Cuervo , Canon Inc. and Gamesa .
In 2015 , she continued to develop her career in Europe , starting in Spain with the agency Berta Models ; where she became part of the worldwide campaign for Wella Koleston beauty products .
After being contacted by her current Mother agency Brand Management , she was hired by different agencies around the world where she has worked for magazines such as ELLE , GQ , Brigitte , Hello Monthly , Flair , Paris Match , La Viva , You , The Fair , Madame Figuero , and Diva & Donna . She has also been part of campaigns for important brands such as Garnier , Wolford , Triumph International , Next plc , Chantelle , Marks & Spencer , Best Company 1982 , Myla and Simone Perèlè .
Bonnani won the Miss Táchira 2009 title in a state pageant held in San Cristóbal , Venezuela on 28 May 2009 .
Titles
Miss Táchira 2009 ( Winner )
Miss Venezuela 2009 ( 1st runner-up )
Miss Venezuela Earth 2010
Miss Earth 2010 ( Top 7 )
References
External links
Mariangela Bonanni on Twitter
Mariangela Bonanni Fan page on Facebook
1988 births
Living people
People from San Cristóbal , Táchira
Venezuelan beauty pageant winners
Miss Earth 2010 contestants
Venezuelan female models
Venezuelan emigrants to Spain
Venezuelan people of Italian descent
Ostraconophobia is the fear of shellfish .
NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin has this phobia . On July 16 , 2017 , after winning the Overton 's 301 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway , he was given a 44-pound lobster by crew chief Mike Wheeler ( a trophy that is traditionally given to winners at the track ) , and Hamlin attempted to leap away . `` I have a lobster phobia . I do n't know why . I just do n't like them , '' Hamlin stated . `` I can not eat dinner if someone beside me is eating lobster . I ca n't look at it . So as far as I 'm concerned , they need to put it back in the water and let it live . ''
References
External links
What is Ostraconophobia ? Causes and How to Cope With Shellfish Phobia
Zoophobias
Etlingera aurantia is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Axel Dalberg Poulsen . Etlingera aurantia is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae . No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life .
References
aurantia
Daniel Roger Salvi ( born 29 January 1972 ) is a Swiss former footballer who played in the 1990s . He played mainly in the position as defender or centre back and sometimes as defensive midfielder .
Football career
Salvi played youth football with Grasshopper Club , advancing to their first team in 1990 under head-coach Ottmar Hitzfeld . Salvi played his domestic league debut for his club in the home game at the Hardturm on 3 March 1990 as he was substituted in at half time . He scored his first goal for his club in the same game . It was the first goal of the match as GC won 2–0 against Lugano .
At the end of the 1990–91 Nationalliga A season Grasshopper Club won the Swiss championship . Salvi played in four of the league matches . Salvi stayed with the club for another three seasons , but neither under head-coaches Oldrich Svab nor Leo Beenhakker who followed Hitzfeld in that position did Salvi play another league match for the team . So he moved on to FC Wil , who at that time played in the Nationalliga B , the second tier of Swiss football . Salvi was regular first team starter , playing mainly as centre back .
Salvi joined Basel 's first team for their 1996–97 FC Basel season under head-coach Karl Engel . After playing in two test games and two matches in the UI Cup Salvi his domestic league debut for the club in the away game on 10 July 1996 as Basel won 1–0 against Aarau .
For Basel Salvi played mainly as left back beside Samir Tabakovic or Oliver Kreuzer . He stayed with the club for two seasons before he retired from professional football . During this time Salvi played a total of 47 games for Basel without scoring a goal . 29 of these games were in the Nationalliga A , three in the Swiss Cup , four in the Intertoto Cup and 11 were friendly games .
References
Sources
Die ersten 125 Jahre . Publisher : Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag , Basel .
Verein `` Basler Fussballarchiv '' Homepage
External links
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
FC Wil 1900 players
FC Basel players
Swiss footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
1972 births
Living people
The 2022 Pan American Gymnastics Championships was held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil starting in June 2022 . Three gymnastics disciplines were contested : artistic gymnastics ( from July 15–17 ) , rhythmic gymnastics ( from July 7–10 ) , and trampoline ( from June 26–28 ) .
Medalists
Artistic gymnastics
Senior
Junior
Rhythmic gymnastics
Senior
Junior
Trampoline gymnastics
Senior
Junior
Medal table
Overall
Artistic
Men
Women
Rhythmic
Trampoline
World Championships qualification
Artistic
This event served as qualification for the 2022 World Championships in Liverpool . The top four men 's teams and top five women 's teams during the qualification round qualified a team to the World Championships . For the men this was the United States , Brazil , Canada and Colombia ; for the women this was Brazil , the United States , Canada , Argentina , and Mexico .
The top 6 men and top 11 women not part of a qualified team qualified as an individual to the World Championships ( max two athletes per gender per country ) . For the men the individual qualifiers were Santiago Mayol ( Argentina ) , Edward Gonzales ( Peru ) , Jose Lopez ( Puerto Rico ) , Isaac Nuñez ( Mexico ) , Leandro Peña ( Dominican Republic ) , and Joel Álvarez ( Chile ) . The women who qualified were Tyesha Mattis ( Jamaica ) , Valentina Pardo ( Colombia ) , Ana Karina Mendez ( Peru ) , Antonia Marihuan ( Chile ) , Ginna Escobar ( Colombia ) , Milca Leon ( Venezuela ) , Franchesca Santi ( Chile ) , Alais Perea ( Ecuador ) , Annalise Newman-Achee ( Trinidad and Tobago ) , Franciny Morales ( Costa Rica ) , and Karla Navas ( Panama ) .
References
Pan American Gymnastics
Pan American Gymnastics Championships
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Brazil
Pan American Gymnastics Championships
Pan American Gymnastics Championships
Pan American Gymnastics Championships
Kéniéba is a small town and seat of the commune of Benkadi Habaladougou in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali .
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
All Saints Catholic College is a Roman Catholic secondary school situated in Bradley Bar , Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , England .
History
All Saints Catholic College was formed as a Comprehensive school in 1973 with the merger of St. Gregory 's RC Grammar school and St. Augustine 's RC Secondary Modern school , which had previously existed on the same site .
In 2006 , it achieved specialist Humanities College status .
In 2009 , joint headteachers Mary Nixon and Liam Harron resigned after being suspended for eight months . The duo had made headlines in 2004 when they became joint headteachers of the school , but were suspended 4 years later due to complaints from unions and official bodies .
Grammar school
Originally , St. Gregory 's R.C . Grammar school was run as a catholic voluntary aided grammar school by Huddersfield Education Committee . It had around 500 students in the early 1960s , which rose to 800 by the early 1970s .
Admissions
All Saints take Catholic students from a number of Primary schools in the Huddersfield and Halifax areas of West Yorkshire . There are also a number of non-Catholic students at the school , and admission is not solely based on religion .
All Saints are a feeder school to a number of local colleges including Greenhead College , Huddersfield New College and Kirklees College .
Academic performance
GCSE results have improved over the last few years with the percentage of students gaining 5 GCSEs at grade A * -C ( including English and Maths ) rising from 42 % in 2010 to 57 % in 2013 with the best results ever achieved in 2014 of 63 % . This now places the school broadly in line with national averages .
Progress of students has been consistently high in English . Progress in Maths and Science has shown an improvement over recent years .
The school was ranked 18th in Kirklees secondary schools in the 2013 league tables .
Following improved results in 2014 , the school is ranked 7th overall in Kirklees , and 4th when selective schools are removed .
School site
The school building is now a huge rectangular , modern school setting with plenty of classrooms including practical rooms and computer rooms . They also have a Learning Resource Centre ( LRC ) equipped with plenty of books and a computer area . The school also has a PE building which has a large PE hall as well as a fitness studio . There is also an outside court for outdoor PE and there is a field for track and field .
There is currently a Prefect System in place at the school , as well as a Student Council .
Activities
Sport
The school does generally well in sports events including Rugby , Football and Netball . The school has several competitive basketball teams , which have been successfully recently . The Upper School girls football team won the Yorkshire schools league in 2009 .
The original Saint Augustine 's excelled in Rugby League and between the mid 1960s to early 1970s won trophies in all age groups from under 12s to under 16s .
Choir
The All Saints Catholic College Choir recently achieved a bronze medal at the World Choir Games in Austria , having only been together a year . The students met choirs from all over the world and competed against the very best in their category , mixed youth choirs . Also , in November 2012 , singers from the school travelled down to London 's Royal Albert Hall as part of a massed choir called Huddersfield Fusion to sing in Music For Youth School 's Prom 2012 .
Other clubs
A lot of classes have their own type of club there are plenty of choices for years 7-8 to try the things that they would do if they
chose to do that subject for their GCSEs ( they choose in year 8 ) and for 9-11 they can do their homework / coursework . There is also a maths club to help the students of all years .
Notable former pupils
Andy Raleigh , Rugby League player
Jermaine McGillvary , Rugby League Player
Matt Roberts , BBC Sport 's Moto GP presenter
Luther Burrell , England Rugby Union and Rugby League player
Chris Kendall , Rugby League Match Official
St. Gregory 's R.C . Grammar School
David Miles , Chief Archaeologist from 1999-2005 of English Heritage .
References
External links
Secondary schools in Kirklees
Catholic secondary schools in the Diocese of Leeds
Voluntary aided schools in Yorkshire
Specialist humanities colleges in England
Tikhonikha ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 2 as of 2002 .
Geography
Tikhonikha is located 71 km east of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kolupaikha is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
This is a list of National Football League players who have led the regular season in sacks each year . Sacks became an official statistic in 1982 . Michael Strahan of the New York Giants and T. J. Watt of the Pittsburgh Steelers hold the record with 22.5 , which Strahan had during the 2001 season , and Watt during the 2021 season . In 2013 , the NFL created the Deacon Jones Award to recognize the season leader in sacks . There have only been two players who have led the league in sacks with 2 different teams , Jared Allen ( 2007 with the Chiefs and 2011 with the Vikings ) and Kevin Greene ( 1994 with the Steelers and 1996 with the Panthers ) . The Chiefs and the Vikings have had the most players lead the NFL in sacks with 4 . Eight players have led the NFL in sacks twice , and nobody has led the league three times .
Note that the sack totals from 1960 to 1981 are considered unofficial by the NFL .
Key
NFL sack leaders
Most sack titles
AFL sack leaders
See also
List of National Football League career sacks leaders
List of National Football League annual interceptions leaders
List of National Football League annual forced fumbles leaders
References
Pro-Football-Reference.com
Sacks leaders
National Football League trophies and awards
National Football League lists
Elizabeth Evans or Liz Evans may refer to :
Lizzie Evans , American entertainer
Elizabeth Evans , author of The Blue Hour
Elizabeth Evans , inspiration for Dinah Morris
Nerys Evans , Plaid Cymru politician
Elizabeth Evans ( 1887–1958 ) , English actress better known as Elisabeth Risdon
Liz Evans ( politician ) , candidate in the 2017 Welsh Liberal Democrats leadership election
Liz Evans ( nurse ) , cofounder of Insite
See also
Evans ( surname )
During the 2005–06 English football season , Leicester City F.C . competed in the Football League Championship .
Season summary
In the 2005–06 season , Leicester 's dismal form continued which saw some fans call for Levein 's resignation as the team were near the bottom of the table after ten matches , and fell into the relegation zone in January , ultimately leading to his sacking on Wednesday 25 January 2006 , despite a 3–2 FA Cup win over Premiership club Tottenham just 17 days earlier .
After winning three out of four games as caretaker manager and moving the club five places up the league , Rob Kelly was appointed to see out the rest of the season . Kelly steered Leicester to safety and in April 2006 was given the manager 's job on a permanent basis . Jim McCahill retired as chairman on 1 June 2006 and was replaced by Andrew Taylor .
Kit
Leicester City 's kit was manufactured by English sports retailer JJB Sports and sponsored by Narborough-based bank Alliance & Leicester .
Final league table
Results summary
Results by round
Results
Leicester City 's score comes first
Legend
Football League Championship
FA Cup
League Cup
Squad
Left club during season
2005–06 backroom staff
This section lists members of staff who were in Leicester 's first team squad at any point during the 2005–06 season
Asterisks indicate member of staff left mid-season
Statistics
Appearances , goals and cards
( Starting appearances + substitute appearances )
Transfers
In
Out
Transfers in : £1,925,000
Transfers out : £2,375,000
Total spending : £450,000
Loans in
Loans out
References
2005-06
Leicester City
Whitehall High School may refer to :
Whitehall Senior High School , Whitehall , Michigan
Whitehall High School ( Montana ) , Whitehall , Montana
Whitehall High School ( Pennsylvania ) , Whitehall Township , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania
Whitehall High School ( Wisconsin ) , Whitehall , Wisconsin
Whitehall-Yearling High School , Whitehall , Ohio
Whitehall Junior/Senior High School , Whitehall , New York
White Hall High School , White Hall , Arkansas
Borja García may refer to :
Borja García ( racing driver ) ( born 1982 ) , Spanish racing driver
Borja García ( footballer , born January 1990 ) , Spanish football attacking midfielder
Borja García ( footballer , born November 1990 ) , Spanish football defender
Andrés Jorquera Tapia ( born January 19 , 1976 ) is a Chilean ski mountaineer and high mountain guide . Since 2005 , he has been instructor at the national mountaineering school ( ) .
Joquera Tapia attended the Juan Bosco college of the Salesianos Alameda in Santiago . Afterwards he studied metallurgy at Universidad de Santiago de Chile , and lectures administration in ecotourism at Universidad Andrés Bello .
In 2005 , he participated at the 2005 South American Ski Mountaineering Championship , and won Bronze
References
External links
Andrés Jorquera Tapia at SkiMountaineering.org
Andrés Jorquera Tapia at Mining Engineering Department , University of Chile
1976 births
Living people
Chilean male ski mountaineers
Mountain guides
University of Santiago , Chile alumni
Andrés Bello National University faculty
Kurama mirabilis is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1879 . It is found in Japan .
The wingspan is 34–44 mm . The costal half of the forewings is pearly white and the internal half pale bronzy brown . There is a black spot at the base of the interno-median interspace and an oblique dark brown fasciole from the costal margin to the median vein at the basal fifth . The costa beyond this fasciole is dark brown and there is a slightly oblique longitudinal brown stripe from the apex to just beyond the cell , where it joins a slender , postmedian , irregular , transverse line . A similar line is found from the interior extremity of the subbasal fasciole and there is a maculated , white-edged , dark brown submarginal line , as well as a very indistinct transverse line between the latter and the discal line . There is also a dark brown marginal crenulated line and a black spot at the end of the cell . The hindwings are white , with a pale brownish outer border .
References
Moths described in 1879
Thyatirinae
Marriage Lines is a British television sitcom first broadcast between 1963 and 1966 . The series gave Richard Briers and Prunella Scales , its lead stars , a significant boost in their careers . At first titled The Marriage Lines , the programme was written by Richard Waring , and was later adapted for radio .
Cast
Richard Briers as George Starling
Prunella Scales as Kate Starling
Edward de Souza as Miles
Ronald Hines as Peter
Christine Finn as Norah
Diana King as Mrs Starling
Geoffrey Sumner as Mr Starling
Dorothy Black as Kate 's mother
Background
When Richard Waring was writing Marriage Lines , he had Richard Briers in mind , and also worked with him on Brothers in Law . Graeme Muir , the producer of Marriage Lines , also worked on Brothers in Law . In early episodes , The Marriage Lines was subtitled A Quizzical Look at the Early Days of Married Life .
Plot
George and Kate Starling were a newly married couple , and the comedy came from many ordinary domestic situations . George was a junior clerk in an office and wanted the public house camaraderie of the single man in his office , while Kate got increasingly frustrated by her domestic duties . In the third series , Kate gave birth to a daughter Helen . The last episode of the fourth series , Goodbye George – Goodbye Kate , showed the couple going to live in Lagos , Nigeria because of George 's job . This was meant to be the last episode , however a fifth series was commissioned . The Starlings returned to England as Kate was pregnant again , and gave birth in the final episode .
Episodes
All episodes were 25 minutes , except the fifth series when the episodes were 30 minutes long . Many episodes are missing from the television archives .
Series One ( 1963 )
`` The Threshold '' ( 16 August 1963 )
`` Trial Separation '' ( 23 August 1963 )
`` The Bed '' ( 30 August 1963 )
`` The Parting '' ( 6 September 1963 )
`` Four-Part Harmony '' ( 13 September 1963 )
`` The Old Flame '' ( 20 September 1963 )
`` The Good Neighbours '' ( 27 September 1963 )
`` Party Mood '' ( 4 October 1963 )
`` The Anniversary '' ( 11 October 1963 )
`` The Old Place '' ( 18 October 1963 )
Christmas Special ( 1963 )
Short Special as part of Christmas Night with the Stars ( 25 December 1963 , missing )
Series Two ( 1964 )
Entire series not known to survive
`` The Job '' ( 22 May 1964 )
`` The Loan '' ( 29 May 1964 )
`` Among Our Souvenirs '' ( 5 June 1964 )
`` The Move '' ( 12 June 1964 )
`` The Convention '' ( 19 June 1964 )
`` Happy Birthday '' ( 26 June 1964 )
`` Celebration Night '' ( 28 June 1964 )
`` The Patient '' ( 5 July 1964 )
`` The Martyr '' ( 12 July 1964 )
`` Holiday Attractions '' ( 19 July 1964 )
`` Financial Consideration '' ( 26 July 1964 )
`` The Divorce '' ( 2 August 1964 )
`` A Nice Surprise '' ( 9 August 1964 )
Christmas Special ( 1964 )
Short Special as part of Christmas Night with the Stars ( 25 December 64 , exists )
Series Three ( 1965 )
`` The Cuckoo '' ( 5 January 1965 )
`` The Waiting Game '' ( 12 January 1965 )
`` And Baby Makes Three '' ( 19 January 1965 )
`` Nest of Starlings '' ( 26 January 1965 )
`` The Ladies ' Man '' ( 2 February 1965 )
`` The Homecoming '' ( 9 February 1965 )
`` Night of Nostalgia '' ( 16 February 1965 )
Series Four ( 1965 )
Entire series not known to survive
`` What 's in a Name '' ( 22 August 1965 )
`` The Dinner '' ( 29 August 1965 )
`` Serenade in Two Flats '' ( 5 September 1965 )
`` Tropical Magic '' ( 12 September 1965 )
`` Migration of Starlings '' ( 19 September 1965 )
`` Goodbye George – Goodbye Kate '' ( 26 September 1965 )
Series Five ( 1966 )
Entire series not known to survive , except where noted
`` The New Start '' ( 22 April 1966 )
`` Back to the Beginning '' ( 29 April 1966 )
`` Home Market '' ( 6 May 1966 )
`` Big Business '' ( 13 May 1966 , sequence ( s ) exist )
`` Alarums and Excursions '' ( 20 May 1966 )
`` First House '' ( 27 May 1966 )
`` And Then There Were Five '' ( 3 June 1966 )
DVD releases
Series One & Three were released on 4 February 2013 .
Radio series
Marriage Lines was adapted for radio from 1965 to 1967 , with Richard Briers and Prunella Scales once again starring . The scripts were also written by Richard Waring . The first series , of 13 episodes , ran from 21 May to 13 August 1965 and the second series , of 13 episodes , from 19 March to 11 June 1967 .
The series was repeated on BBC Radio 4 Extra from 13 October 2014 onwards .
References
Mark Lewisohn , `` Radio Times Guide to TV Comedy '' , BBC Worldwide 2003
British TV Comedy Guide for Marriage Lines
External links
1960s British sitcoms
1961 British television series debuts
1966 British television series endings
BBC Radio comedy programmes
BBC television sitcoms
Lost BBC episodes
Black-and-white British television shows
English-language television shows
Santa Fe station may refer to :
Santa Fe Station , a hotel and casino in Las Vegas , Nevada
Santa Fe ( Belgrano ) railway station , a former station located in Santa Fe , Argentina ( 1928–1993 )
Santa Fe ( Mitre ) railway station , a former station located in Santa Fe , Argentina ( 1891–2007 )
Santa Fe railway station ( Mexico City ) , a proposed commuter station
See also
Santa Fe Depot ( disambiguation )
Santa Fe ( disambiguation )
François-Augustin de Paradis de Moncrif ( 1687 , Paris – 19 November 1770 , Paris ) was a French writer and poet , of a family originally of Scots origin . He was appointed historiographer royal to Louis XV of France . His parody of owlishly pedantic scholarship , Histoire des chats , and the protection of the house of Orléans gained him entry to the Académie française . Maurepas records in his memoirs that at the induction ceremony , a member let loose a cat he had secreted in his pocket : the cat miaowed , the Académiciens miaowed and the serious oration dissolved in laughter .
Works
Les Aventures de Zeloïde et d'Amanzarifdine , contes indiens , 1715
La Fausse magie , prose comedy in 3 acts , Comédie Italienne , 1719
L'Oracle de Delphes , verse comedy in 3 acts , Comédie-Française , 1722 ; adapted from La Fontaine 's Le Mari confesseur , it was interdicted at the fourth performance , its satire against paganism appearing to be applicable to the Christian religion .
Histoire des Chats : dissertation sur la prééminence des chats dans la société , sur les autres animaux d'Égypte , sur les distinctions et privilèges dont ils ont joui personnellement , 1727
Les Abdérites , verse comedy in 1 act , 1732
L'Empire de l'Amour , ballet en vers libres , 1733
Essais sur la Necessité et sur les Moyens de Plaire , 1738
Les Ames rivales , novel 1738
Œuvres mêlées , 1743
Zélindor , roi des Sylphes , ballet libretto , music by François Francœur and François Rebel , presented at Versailles 17 March 1745
Poésies chrétiennes composées par ordre de la Reine , 1747
Almasis , ballet , 1748
Ismène , pastorale héroïque , 1748
Observations pour servir à l'histoire des gens de lettres qui ont vécu dans ce siècle , 1751
La Sybille , ballet music by Antoine Dauvergne presented at Versailles , 13 November 1753
Enée et Lavinie ( with Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle ) , lyric tragedy in 5 actst music by Antoine Dauvergne , presented at the Académie royale de musique , 14 February 1758
Les Fêtes d'Euterpe ( with Charles-Simon Favart ) , opera-ballet , music by Antoine Dauvergne , presented at the Académie royale de musique , 8 August 1758
Erosine , pastorale héroïque , 1765
External links
Les Chats/The Cats at the EX-Classics Project . Versions in both French and English ; can be read online or downloaded in various formats .
François-Augustin de Paradis de Moncrif on data.bnf.fr
Francois-Augustin de Paradis de Moncrif 's Love of Cats
Productions of his plays on CÉSAR
1687 births
1770 deaths
Writers from Paris
18th-century French dramatists and playwrights
18th-century French poets
French opera librettists
French people of English descent
18th-century French male writers
Members of the Académie Française
Desh Dekhi Bidesh ( Nepali : देश देखि बीदेश ) , shortened as DDB is a movie made in Nepal which was released in 2008 . It was directed by Narendra Thapa , with a script by Subash Singh Basnet and starring Nikhil Upreti and Prerana Sharma in the lead roles , and with Dilip Rayamajhi , Richa Ghimire , Daman Rupakheti , Anju Lama , Nirajan Sigdel , and others . In addition to being shot in Nepal , many parts of the film were shot in other countries .
Plot
This Nepali movie is about the people who live in Nepal – who were forced to leave home to work on foreign soil or in a different region , like Deepak ( Nikhil Upreti ) in this movie who has to leave his country for a job to make money to live .
Cast
Nikhil Upreti as Deepak
Dilip Rayamajhi as
Richa Ghimire as Pooja
Prerana Sharma as Rita
Daman Rupakheti as Jhamke
Gopal Dhakal
Music
The music of Desh Dekhi Bidesh was released in 2008 . The album features music by composer Sambhujeet Baskota .
Tracks
The album consists of the following eight tracks :
References
External links
2008 films
Nepali-language films
Nepalese drama films
Manuel Macías y Casado , OIC ( November 3 , 1844
– November 7 , 1937 ) was a Spanish general . He served as Governor-General of Puerto Rico during the Spanish–American War and as governor of Melilla ( in three separate terms ) , and occupied various other posts . Born in Teruel , Spain , Macías attended the Colegio de Infantería and became a sub-lieutenant at the age of 17 . He became a lieutenant in Cuba on January 1 , 1863 . In December 1863 he was transferred to Santo Domingo . He was promoted to captain in March 1864 . He remained in Santo Domingo until 1865 .
From 1865 to April 1875 , he was stationed again in Cuba . He saw action on Cuba during the Ten Years ' War and was promoted to lieutenant colonel and then colonel in March 1874 .
He returned to Spain in 1875 and was stationed at Melilla until 1886 , and then afterwards at Albacete and Santander . He became a general on June 9 , 1891 and was made governor of Cartagena . He was then stationed at Valencia and afterwards Melilla , where he served as military governor ( 1893–94 ) . He was made Lieutenant General and was named Captain General of the Canary Islands in August 1894 . After 1894 , Julio Cervera Baviera , later a pioneer in the development of radio , served as aide-de-camp to Macías in the latter 's various assignments .
Puerto Rico
On January 17 , 1898 , Macías was named Governor General and Captain General of Puerto Rico .
With the eruption of the Spanish–American War , Macías declared martial law , resolving to resist the American forces . He declared : `` Providence will not permit that in these countries which were discovered by the Spanish nation the echo of our language should ever cease to be heard , nor that our flag should disappear before the eyes . ... Long live Puerto Rico , always Spanish . Long live Spain . '' Macías hoped that a grant of autonomy would ensure that Puerto Ricans would remain loyal to the Spanish crown . However , he had few military resources with which to resist an American invasion : 8,000 regulars ( which were scattered across various cities ) and 700–900 volunteers ( Puerto Rican militia ) . Ponce and Mayagüez had no defense forces , and the naval forces consisted only of 368 men .
After the defeat , he departed from Puerto Rico on October 16 , 1898 on the steamship Covadonga with the majority of the Spanish troops . The fort of San Cristóbal gave the last Spanish governor of the island a farewell consisting of a salvo of 21 cannon shots . He entrusted General Ricardo de Ortega y Diez with the ceremony that marked the handover of the island to the United States , which occurred on October 18 , 1898 . After the war , Macías ' former aide-de-camp , Cervera Baviera , gained notoriety as the author of a pamphlet called La defensa de Puerto Rico , which supported the actions of General Macias before the Spanish public but ended up criticizing the Puerto Rican volunteers in the Spanish Army .
After the Spanish–American War
He was afterwards named Captain General of Burgos , Navarre , and the Basque Country , and commander-in-chief of the 6th Army Corps .
The Spanish Civil War had been raging for one year when he died at Madrid in 1937 . He was ninety-three years old .
Personal life
Macías married Concepción Ramírez de Arellano y Cortés ( d. 1950 ) . They had seven children : Manuel , Concepción , Carmen , Cristina , the twins Clotilde and Luisa , and Clemente .
See also
Puerto Rican Campaign
References
External links
Manuel Macías y Casado
Spanish generals
Royal Governors of Puerto Rico
Spanish military personnel of the Spanish–American War
1844 births
1937 deaths
People of the Ten Years ' War
Paula Ximena Quintana Meléndez ( born 26 June 1956 ) is a Chilean sociologist , academic , and politician . From 2012 to 2016 she served as a councilor for Valparaíso commune . From 2008 to 2010 she was in the first government of President Michelle Bachelet .
Professional career
Paula Quintana was born in Valparaíso on 26 June 1956 . She studied sociology at the University of Chile in Santiago , and later earned a master 's degree in management and public policy at the same university .
In the private arena , she was director of the consulting firm Análisis , Planificación y Desarrollo , and worked as a research professional at the Casa de la Mujer of Valparaíso and the project Joven Valparaíso y Viña del Mar .
She has been a professor of sociology in Valparaíso , and director of the Public Interest Affairs Program at the University of Valparaíso .
Political career
Quintana was a member of the Socialist Party of Chile ( PS ) . She served as deputy director of the National Council of Culture and the Arts , regional ministerial secretary ( Seremi ) of , and head of the Department of Regional Development of the Regional Government of Valparaíso .
She was appointed Minister of Planning of the first government of Michelle Bachelet on 8 January 2008 , retiring with the end of the administration on 11 March 2010 .
In early 2012 , she was defeated in a primary election to choose the Concertación 's candidate for mayor of Valparaíso in that year 's municipal election . She was later elected councilor for the commune for the term 2012–2016 .
In 2016 , she announced that she would not seek another term as councilor , and in October of that year , she resigned her membership in the PS , and decided to support Movimiento Autonomista candidate Jorge Sharp for mayor of Valparaíso , who was eventually elected .
References
External links
1956 births
Chilean sociologists
Government ministers of Chile
Living people
Socialist Party of Chile politicians
University of Chile alumni
University of Valparaíso faculty
Women government ministers of Chile
Women sociologists
Álvaro X Nimi a Mvemba Água Rosada was a ruler of Kibangu and was the first Água Rosada claimant to the throne of the Kingdom of Kongo during its civil war . He ruled the Kingdom of Kibangu from 1688 to 1695 .
Rule
During the reign of the previous King of Kibangu , Álvaro and his brother led a faction that was unsatisfied by his rule . They managed to overthrow Manuel I in 1688 and Álvaro took the throne . During his reign , the king was able to keep the forces of the other two claimants to the Kingdom of Kongo at bay . The king was the first civil war claimant to Kongo to be of the Água Rosada house where there was a parent from each of the main houses of Kinlaza and Kimpanzu . This was not a real house at the time of Álvaro 's rule , and was only after his death in 1695 when his successor , Pedro IV formed it as a house to end the civil war and reform the Kingdom of Kongo .
References
Kingdom of Kongo
1695 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Mervyn Oliver Haisman ( 15 March 1928 – 29 October 2010 ) was a British screenwriter of film and television . Prior to this career he worked as an actor and managed a theatre company as well as working in insurance .
Biography
Haisman was born in 1928 in London . An early television credit was an episode of Dr. Finlay 's Casebook ( 1967 ) called The Forgotten Enemy . At about the same time he formed a writing partnership with Henry Lincoln , and together they were the authors of three 1960s Doctor Who stories during the Patrick Troughton years : The Abominable Snowmen , The Web of Fear and The Dominators . The latter script was their last contribution to the programme and , after disagreements with the production office , it was cut by an episode and credited to the pseudonym Norman Ashby . Haisman and Lincoln also worked together on episodes of Emergency Ward 10 , but their writing partnership ended in the mid 1970s .
Haisman also wrote for many British television shows including The Onedin Line ( on which he also worked as script editor ) , Howards ' Way , and Swallows and Amazons Forever ! ; and on the horror movie Curse of the Crimson Altar , also known as The Crimson Cult ( 1968 ) , again with Henry Lincoln .
Mervyn provided script for the popular BBC series Jane ( 1982 ) , starring Glynis Barber as the wartime comic strip pin up . He was to also write the second series Jane in the Desert ( 1984 ) . The success of the TV series lead to Haisman writing for the movie Jane and the Lost City ( 1987 ) , this time featuring Kirsten Hughes in the lead role .
Death
Although Haisman died at the end of October 2010 , his death was not reported by media until 9 December . He died in Valencia , Spain .
References
External links
Obituary in The Guardian by Anthony Hayward
1928 births
2010 deaths
20th-century English male writers
British television writers
British science fiction writers
English television writers
English screenwriters
English male screenwriters
British male television writers
Writers of Doctor Who novels
is a Japanese historical book written by Kitabatake Chikafusa . The work sought both to clarify the genesis and potential consequences of a contemporary crisis in Japanese politics , and to dispel or at least ameliorate the prevailing disorder .
The text begins with these statements as prologue :
History
Chikafusa had been a careful student of the book Nihon Shoki ( 日本書紀 , `` The Chronicles of Japan '' ) , and this background is reflected in the narrative structure of his Jinnō Shōtōki . He was also well acquainted with Watarai Ieyuki ( 度会家行 ) , a prominent Shinto priest at the Ise Shrine . Watarai 's life of study had added significantly to clarifying the theory of Ise Shintoism , and this point-of-view is reflected in the tone of Jinnō Shōtōki .
The work as a whole was written in the years 1338–1341 at Oda fortress in Hitachi Province , Japan ( present-day Tsukuba City , Ibaraki Prefecture ) then amended in 1343 at Seki fortress .
It is believed that the major portions of the text were probably drafted in the autumn of 1339 , around the time Emperor Go-Daigo died and his successor Go-Murakami was enthroned . Current scholars accept that the original text is missing and that all extant versions of the text thus are manuscript versions which differ slightly from the original . A sense of immediacy seems to inform the writing , and this may be due to the narrative having a specific , more narrowly focused purpose—to instruct the young Emperor Go-Murakami ( r. 1339-1368 ) . A curious sentence on the last page of the work , `` This book is directed to some child '' , has been interpreted as a dedication to either Go-Murakami or Yuki Chikatomo .
Analysis
In Jinnō Shōtōki , the reign of each emperor from the mythological period to the enthronement of Go-Murakami is described , together with personal observations by Chikafusa based on his own political and ethical beliefs . The chronicles thus serve as a context for Chikafusa to expound his views about appropriate conduct for Japanese sovereigns , and thereby attempt to justify the legitimacy of the Southern Court .
The book greatly encouraged the faction supporting the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period . Chikafusa 's work was all the more important because of the relative weakness of the Southern Court in its extended military campaign against the Northern Court armies . The book was early recognized as a compelling and subtle analysis of the history of Japan and its emperors . From the very beginning , it was read not only by adherents of the Southern Court , but also by supporters of the Northern Court . However , its criticism of Ashikaga Takauji was not well received in Northern Court circles , and that section of the original text was omitted in manuscript copies which circulated outside the ambit of the Southern Court .
Chikafusa argued that possessing the Imperial Regalia of Japan is an absolute and indispensable condition for being recognized as a Japanese monarch . Chikafusa contended that much about the Japanese form of government was demonstrably ideal , and that it is both appropriate and beneficial for the emperor and court nobles to rule and for the samurai and others to be led by them .
After the Northern and Southern courts were reunited , a curious , self-styled `` sequel '' to Jinnō Shōtōki was circulated . The book , written by Ozuki Harutomi ( 小槻晴富 ) , was created under the influence of the Ashikaga shogunate for the purpose of justifying the legitimacy of the Northern Court .
Mito scholarship
Tokugawa Mitsukuni , the Edo-period daimyō of the Mito Domain , valued Chikafusa 's work highly , a view which he expressed in the Japanese chronicle Dai Nihonshi ( 大日本史 ) : `` History of Great Japan '' . Mitsukuni 's patronage ensured that the perspectives and ideology of Jinnō Shōtōki were propounded at the Mito Academy ( 水戸学 ) . These pre-Meiji influences contributed to the development of the Kō Koku Shi Kan ( 皇国史観 ) , a view of history in which Japan is regarded as a divine nation governed by emperors in a single family line from its beginning . These concepts became even more important in the national ideology under Japanese militarism during World War II .
Today , Jinnō Shōtōki stands on its own literary and historical merits . It has taken on added value over the course of the centuries . Chikafusa 's work manages to inspire ; and because it does , the book effectively mirrors the serial responses of readers and thinkers throughout the periods in which it has been studied and pondered . Alternately , the work 's value may have accrued because a gifted , original and mature mind `` made its way onto the level of secular historical explanation '' .
See also
Historiographical Institute of the University of Tokyo
International Research Center for Japanese Studies
Japanese Historical Text Initiative
Historiography of Japan
Notes
References
Brownlee , John S. ( 1997 ) Japanese historians and the national myths , 1600-1945 : The Age of the Gods and Emperor Jimmu . Vancouver : University of British Columbia Press . Tokyo : University of Tokyo Press .
Brownlee , John S. ( 1991 ) . Political Thought in Japanese Historical Writing : From Kojiki ( 712 ) to Tokushi Yoron ( 1712 ) . Waterloo , Ontario : Wilfrid Laurier University Press .
Varley , H. Paul , ed . ( 1980 ) . [ Kitabatake Chikafusa , 1359 ] , Jinnō Shōtōki ( `` A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns : Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa '' translated by H. Paul Varley ) . New York : Columbia University Press .
Original text
See JHTI for search text apparatus .
External links
Link to book review by John S. Brownlee in Monumenta Nipponica
Nanbokuchō-period works
Shinto texts
Muromachi-period history books
Japanese philosophy books
The 2004 Canadian National Challenge Cup took place in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island from the sixth to the eleventh of October . The seedings were based on the previous year 's performance by province .
Teams
Alberta - Calgary Callies
Quebec - SC Panellinios Montréal
British Columbia - Pegasus FC
Manitoba - Lucania
Prince Edward Island - Velvet Underground
Nova Scotia - Halifax Celtic Soccer Pro
New Brunswick - Fundy Labatt United
Saskatchewan - Saskatoon Arsenal
Ontario - Ottawa Royals
Newfoundland & Labrador - Marystown United
Results
Rosters
Surrey Pegasus FC
Surrey ( Squad ) : Rob Iorio , Trevor Short , Randy Celebrini , Gavin Frey , Eddie Cannon , Paul Dailly , Darin
Burr , Adam Costley , Ryan Powell , Nico Berg , Mike Dodd , Ryan Green , Robin Regnier , Frank Lore , Jamie
Fiddler , Stedman Espinoza , Laurent Scalignine , Rob Reed , Steve London , Shawn Perry .
Ottawa Royals
Ottawa ( Squad ) : Erik Lefebre - Andriy Sowarek , Simon Bonk , Declen Bonper , Dan Cheney , Sylvain Cloutier ,
Drew Dailey , Dan Degenutti , Alec Edgar , Dave Foley , Kweis Loney , Dylan Loy , Ewan Lyttle , Gord
MacDonald , James MacMillan , Victor Mendes , Sanjeev Permar , Marcelo Plada , Dom Rochon , Roland Tinmuh .
References
Notes from Gord Dunphy
CSA Media Release
2004
Canadian National Challenge Cup
Nat
Sport in Charlottetown
David III normally refers to David III of Tao .
David III may also refer to :
David III Strathbogie
David III , Catholicos-Patriarch of Georgia
Caucasian Albanian Catholicos David III , see List of Caucasian Albanian Catholicoi
AIS Airlines is a Dutch airline headquartered at Lelystad Airport in the Netherlands . In addition to scheduled flights , it operates charter and wet lease services . The company operates international charters and scheduled services between Denmark and the Netherlands , as well as domestic scheduled services in Germany and Sweden .
The AIS Group also includes AIS Technics which provides technical support and the AIS Flight Academy . The AIS Flight Academy is a flight school located at Lelystad Airport and is engaged in the integrated training of commercial pilots ( ATPL ( A ) ) . In addition to the flight school , AIS has a so-called 'type training ' for the Jetstream 31/32 . AIS 's Jetstream full flight simulator is the only approved simulator for this aircraft type in the world .
Overview
The company started as a flight school and then expanded into the airline business . The airline started an expansion of scheduled routes , mainly within Germany , in 2014 , including some formerly served by the now-defunct OLT Express Germany . Flights from Bremen to Luxembourg , Malmö and Nuremberg were announced for autumn 2014 , but these plans were later cancelled . By January 2015 , AIS Airlines additionally took over some Swedish domestic routes under its own brand , that it formerly operated on behalf of Direktflyg .
On February 27 , 2020 , AIS Airlines discontinued the Münster-Osnabrück route to Copenhagen ( via Groningen ) .
As of October 2021 , AIS Airlines only operates the Torsby route to Stockholm Arlanda via Hagfors on behalf of Amapola Flyg .
Destinations
AIS Airlines serves the following scheduled destinations :
Sweden ( on behalf of Amapola Flyg )
Torsby - Torsby Airport
Hagfors - Hagfors Airport
Stockholm - Stockholm Arlanda Airport
Fleet
As of October 2021 , the AIS Airlines fleet consists of the following aircraft :
References
External links
www.aisairlines.nl Official website
aisflightacademy.com
Airlines of the Netherlands
Airlines established in 2009
Charter airlines
Companies based in Flevoland
Dutch companies established in 2009
The National Gym Association ( NGA ) , founded in 1979 , is a 501 ( 3 ) ( c ) non-profit organization in the USA dedicated to the betterment of all-natural bodybuilding and providing high-quality certified professional fitness training programs . In fulfilling its purpose , the NGA promotes and sanctions `` all-natural '' or `` drug-free '' professional , amateur and figure competitors with over 50 contests throughout the United States .
The NGA was founded by Andrew Bostinto a former Pro . Mr. America ( Masters ) . Bostinto has personally trained with individuals who have won the most prestigious bodybuilding awards , including the former Mr. Olympia and Mr. Universe and Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger , and the former Mr. Universe and the original `` Incredible Hulk '' , Lou Ferrigno .
The NGA board of directors and faculty staff include medical directors , PhDs , Masters in Medical Biology and Nutrition , personal trainer , and current bodybuilding champions .
References
External links
National Gym Association
Bodybuilding organizations
Sports organizations established in 1979
The Douglas Steamship Company was a British merchant shipping and maritime trading company founded in 1883 in the Crown colony of Hong Kong by John Steward Lapraik and dissolved in 1987 .
History
After arriving in Hong Kong in 1858 to join his uncle , Douglas Lapraik 's shipping empire at Douglas Lapraik & Company , John Steward Lapraik quickly became one of main figures in the business . With the death of Douglas Lapraik in 1869 , John Steward Lapraik became one of the main beneficiaries of his uncle 's estate together with Robert Ellis Baker , William Lane and Robert Manger .
Due likely to reasons related to desired control over operations underway at Douglas Lapraik & Company and future expansion opportunities , in 1883 , John Steward Lapraik founded the Douglas Steamship Company 28 July 1883 with two partners . The company , named for Hong Kong Tai-pan Douglas Lapraik , became registered as HKCR No . 0000012 , the 12th limited company ever registered in the colony .
By 1892 , the Douglas Steamship Company successfully acquired the operations of Francis Cass of Amoy to form a new subsidiary called Lapraik , Cass & Company which would continue operations out of Amoy . In the same year , Douglas Steamship Company also acquired Dodd & Company of Tamsui on Formosa which would go on to be a bastion of the company 's activities . The Tamsui subsidiary was dubbed Dodd and Lapraik & Company ( Chinese : 知海闇及道德公司 ) . The same year , the Douglas Steamship Company issued around $ 1,000,000 HKD in new share capital following the publication of a prospectus .
In 1893 , John Steward Lapraik died of heart disease in Hong Kong at the age of 54 and a large portion of his estate was passed to his son , John Douglas Lapraik . T. E. Davies succeeded in taking control of the company following the death of Steward Lapraik with Davis being succeeded in turn in 1900 by JH Lewis who ran the company together with John Douglas Lapraik and Henry Percy White .
By the early 1900s , the Douglas Steamship Company had become one of the largest shipping companies in Asia . In Hong Kong , the company moved its headquarters from the Praya , or Connaught Road following the Praya Reclamation Scheme , to Douglas Street , Central . In Formosa , the company had managed to gain a monopoly on the popular Tamsui-Amoy route . Indeed , the company 's success was apparently seen as a threat to the island 's Japanese government and in March of 1899 , Governor Kodama Gentarō issued secret orders subsidising Japanese companies to compete with Douglas Steamship Company . The resulting price war forced the Douglas Steamship Company to cease all business operations at Taiwan by 1904 .
After the loss of the Formosa trade , the company retained its operations in the China and river trade , however it met with financial difficulties by the late 1920s . In 1932 , Stewart Taylor Williamson acquired a controlling stake in the Douglas Steamship Company . With the outbreak of WWII , the company had most of its ships seized by the Ministry of War Transport and with the capture of Hong Kong by the Imperial Japanese Army in December 1941 , most of the staff of the DSCo were interred in prison camps in Hong Kong , including Stewart Taylor Williamson . After the war , the company resumed its operations with the two remaining ships that survived the war .
Stewart Taylor Williamson died suddenly on 5 September 1950 , ceding control of the company to James Robertson Mullion who became the new chairman with Robert Ho Tung and John David Alexander serving as directors . Considering the exposed financial state of the company , Mullion divested of the remaining two ships and focused the business activities of the company in investments . By the mid 1950s , the company had secured its finances enough to resume its investments in shipping and it acquired three further ships .
By 1969 , James Robertson Mullion became the controlling stakeholder of DSCo and he attempted to introduce several structural changes to the business , however , by 1972 , the company was running large losses and Mullion was forced to inject $ 1.3 Million HKD of his own money into the company to keep it solvent . This move was eventually unsuccessful and by 21 July 1976 , the company 's board voted to enter liquidation and wind up the company . The dissolution was made formally on 15 April 1985 and DSCo was dissolved on 1 June 1987 .
Fleet
List of DSCo ships
See also
China Navigation Company
China trade
Douglas Lapraik
Hong Kong , Canton & Macao Steamboat Company
References
Shipping companies of Hong Kong
Transport companies established in 1883
Trading companies of the United Kingdom
1883 establishments in the British Empire
Transport companies of Hong Kong
Trading companies of Hong Kong
History of Guangzhou
History of Hong Kong
British Hong Kong
Defunct companies of Hong Kong
1987 disestablishments in Hong Kong
Raymond C. Ortlund Jr. is the former and founding pastor of Immanuel Church in Nashville , Tennessee . He serves as President of Renewal Ministries and as Canon Theologian in the Diocese of the Western Gulf Coast of the Anglican Church in North America .
Education
Ortlund received a B.A from Wheaton College in 1971 , a Th.M . from Dallas Theological Seminary in 1975 , a M.A from the University of California , Berkeley in 1978 , and a PhD from the University of Aberdeen , Scotland in 1985 .
Ministry
Ortlund was ordained by Lake Avenue Congregational Church , Pasadena , California in 1975 . He served as a pastor in various churches from 1975 to 2019 :
1975–1981 : Pastoral staff , Peninsula Bible Church , Palo Alto , California .
1982–85 : Assistant Minister , Banchory Ternan West Parish ( Church of Scotland ) .
1985–89 : Pastor , Cascade Presbyterian Church ( PCA ) , Eugene , Oregon .
1989–98 : Associate Professor of Old Testament and Semitic Languages , Trinity Evangelical Divinity School , Deerfield , Illinois .
1998–2003 : Senior Pastor , First Presbyterian Church ( PCA ) , Augusta , Georgia .
2004–7 : Senior Pastor , Christ Presbyterian Church ( PCA ) , Nashville , Tennessee .
2008–19 : Senior Pastor , Immanuel Church ( Acts 29 ) , Nashville , Tennessee .
Personal life
Ray is married to Jani Ortlund . They have four children . He is the son of Raymond C. Ortlund Sr. and Anne Ortlund . The senior Dr. Ortlund was Pastor of Lake Avenue Congregational Church in Pasadena , California from 1959 to 1979 and also hosted the Haven of Rest radio program for 17 years . Dr. Ortlund Sr. and his wife Anne wrote 25 books together . Ray and Anne founded Renewal Ministries in 1979 , which was handed down to Ray Jr. and Jani in 2010 .
Ray 's youngest son Gavin Ortlund has a popular YouTube TruthUnites .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Nashville , Tennessee
Dallas Theological Seminary alumni
Wheaton College ( Illinois ) alumni
University of California , Berkeley alumni
Presbyterian Church in America ministers
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
The 2009–10 Logan Cup was a first-class cricket competition held in Zimbabwe from 14 September 2009 – 3 April 2010 . It was won by the Mashonaland Eagles , who won due to finishing top of the table during the league stage of the competition , after drawing the final against the Mid West Rhinos .
The tournament was the first contesting of the Logan Cup to be played following a restructured of Zimbabwean cricket that resulted in five franchises , the Mashonaland Eagles , Matabeleland Tuskers , Mid West Rhinos , Mountaineers and Southern Rocks . The competition was originally scheduled to start in late August , but was delayed by three weeks as a number of the franchises had not completed signing players by that stage . The competition , and Zimbabwe Cricket in particular , received criticism from the executive editor of Cricinfo , Martin Williamson , as `` scorecards have been almost impossible to find and reports have been brief . '' Despite this criticism , the competition was praised for the improved quality of the cricket , due in part to the presence of Zimbabwe 's international players .
The Mashonaland Eagles topped the group stage of the tournament , winning six of their twelve matches . They faced the league runners-up , the Mid West Rhinos , in the final . The Rhinos team included the competition 's leading run-scorer , Vusi Sibanda , who accumulated 1,287 runs at an average of 61.28 , and the leading wicket-taker , Graeme Cremer , who claimed 59 wickets with an average of 28.27 . The final was drawn , despite a fourth innings collapse by the Eagles , who ended their innings on 67 for 5 . As a result of the draw , the Eagles won the competition by virtue of topping the table .
Points table
Final
References
Logan Cup
Domestic cricket competitions in 2009–10
Logan Cup
Lucinda Gibbs ( born 2 January 1976 ) is a retired South African tennis player .
Gibbs won four doubles titles on the ITF Circuit during her career . On 3 April 1995 , she reached her best singles ranking of world No . 816 . On 7 August 1995 , she peaked at No . 442 in the doubles rankings .
In 1995 , she played for South Africa in the 1995 African Games in Harare , Zimbabwe where she won the bronze medal in women 's doubles .
ITF finals
Doubles : 7 ( 4–3 )
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
African Games bronze medalists for South Africa
African Games medalists in tennis
Competitors at the 1995 All-Africa Games
South African female tennis players
Ronald Rock ( ) is a prominent rock , 1,145 m , along the cliff next north of Skidmore Cliff , located east of Saratoga Table in the Forrestal Range , Pensacola Mountains . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1956–66 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Ronald D. Brown , aviation structural mechanic at Ellsworth Station , winter 1957 .
Rock formations of Queen Elizabeth Land
Yanhewan ( ) , is a town in Ansai District , Yan'an , Shaanxi , China . According to the 2010 Chinese Census , Yanhewan has a population of 14,499 .
History
Dynastic China
In the early 7th century , during the Tang dynasty , the urban center of Jinming County ( ) was located in present-day Diezigou Village in Yanhewan .
During the Song dynasty , Ansai Fort ( ) was built in the ancient city of Ansai , located in present-day Yanhewan .
Second United Front
On September 12 , 1937 , according to an order from the Shaanxi-Gansu-Ningxia Border Region Government , Ansai County , which governed the region including Yanhewan , was re-organized into 7 districts governing 42 townships . One such district was Yanhewan , which governed six townships , including the eponymous Yanhewan township .
People 's Republic of China
In March 1956 , Ansai County 's districts were re-organized , and Yanhewan District was abolished , replaced with the directly administered township of Yanhewan .
In September 1958 , Yanhewan became a people 's commune , and was renamed to Hongqi ( ) . In September 1961 , Ansai County was re-established , and Yanhewan was placed under its jurisdiction . In December 1983 , the people 's communes were abolished , and Yanhewan was established as a town .
Administrative divisions
Yanhewan administers the following 15 administrative villages :
Yanhewan Village ( )
Majiagou Village ( )
Diezigou Village ( )
Baijiagou Village ( )
Lijiawan Village ( )
Fangjiahe Village ( )
Zhaiziwan Village ( )
Yanjiawan Village ( )
Hougoumen Village ( )
Yunping Village ( )
Chafang Village ( )
Liudang Village ( )
Bianqiang Village ( )
Jiajiawa Village ( )
Gaojiamao Village ( )
Demographics
According to the 2010 Chinese Census , Yanhewan had a population of 14,499 in 2010 . This is down slightly from the 15,245 recorded in the 2000 Chinese Census .
Transportation
The G65 Baotou–Maoming Expressway passes through Yanhewan , and it forms a junction with the terminus of the Yanwu Expressway in Yanhewan .
References
Coordinates on Wikidata
Yan'an
Township-level divisions of Shaanxi
Anoplagonus is a genus of poachers native to the northern Pacific Ocean .
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus :
Anoplagonus inermis ( Günther , 1860 ) ( Smooth alligatorfish )
Anoplagonus occidentalis Lindberg , 1950
References
Agonidae
Police Ariyaruthe is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed and produced by M. S. Senthil Kumar . The film stars Madhu , K. P. Ummer , Rani Chandra and Sudheer . The film 's score was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy .
Cast
Madhu
K. P. Ummer
Rani Chandra
Sudheer
Ushanandini
Sukumari
O. Ramdas
Mancheri Chandran
Abbas ( Old )
N. Govindankutty
Philomina
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy with lyrics by Mankombu Gopalakrishnan .
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Ruschein ( ; ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . Its official language is the Sursilvan dialect of Romansh . On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Ruschein , Castrisch , Ilanz , Ladir , Luven , Pitasch , Riein , Schnaus , Sevgein , Duvin , Pigniu , Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion .
History
Ruschein is first mentioned in 765 as Rucene .
Geography
Before the merger , Ruschein had a total area of . Of this area , 43.1 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 25.8 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 3 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 28.2 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district . It is located on a terrace on the northern Vorderrhein valley wall . It consists of the village of Ruschein and the alpine herding settlement of Alp da Ruschein in the furthest Val da Siat .
Demographics
Ruschein had a population ( as of 2011 ) of 345. , 4.9 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -4.2 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks Romansh ( 69.4 % ) , with German being second most common ( 26.7 % ) and Albanian being third ( 1.4 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 44.1 % male and 55.9 % female . The age distribution , , in Ruschein is ; 42 children or 11.8 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 48 teenagers or 13.5 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 25 people or 7.0 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 62 people or 17.4 % are between 30 and 39 , 49 people or 13.8 % are between 40 and 49 , and 33 people or 9.3 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 41 people or 11.5 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 30 people or 8.4 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 26 people or 7.3 % who are between 80 and 89 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 43.6 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SVP ( 29.2 % ) , the FDP ( 17.5 % ) and the SP ( 9.5 % ) .
In Ruschein about 70.4 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Ruschein has an unemployment rate of 1.62 % . , there were 29 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 14 businesses involved in this sector . 11 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 4 businesses in this sector . 24 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 10 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
References
External links
Official website
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Ella Rose Emhoff ( born May 29 , 1999 ) is an American model , artist , and fashion designer . As the daughter of U.S. Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff and stepdaughter of U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris , she is a member of the Second Family of the United States .
Early life
Emhoff was born to Douglas Emhoff , an entertainment lawyer , and Kerstin Emhoff ( née Mackin ) , a film producer . She was named after the jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald . Although her paternal family are Jewish , a spokesperson for Emhoff clarified that `` Ella is not Jewish . '' She has an older brother , Cole . Her parents divorced in 2008 . In August 2014 , her father married Kamala Harris , a lawyer who was then serving as the Attorney General of California . Emhoff and her brother coined the term `` Momala '' for their stepmother . Emhoff , whose family are members of the Democratic Party , was raised around politics . She and her family , as supporters of same-sex marriage in California , were active in fighting against the 2008 California Proposition 8 . In 2016 , her stepmother was elected to the United States Senate , representing California . In 2021 , she became a member of the second family when her stepmother was sworn in as the Vice President of the United States .
Emhoff graduated from Wildwood School , where she was a member of the swimming and basketball teams , in 2018 . She was a student at the Parsons School of Design in New York City , where she majored in fine arts with a concentrated focus in apparel and textiles , and she graduated in May 2021 .
Career
In 2014 , Emhoff made a cameo in the music video for Bo Burnham 's song `` Repeat Stuff '' .
Emhoff designs jackets , hats , coats , and knitted shorts , which she sells from her Instagram account and her website . She also sells ceramics , paintings , and drawings from her website .
In January 2021 , Emhoff was signed with IMG Models worldwide , an international modelling agency based in New York City . She has gained attention from the BBC and the New York Times for having tattoos and refusing to shave her armpit hair . The agency announced her contract on Twitter . Earlier , she was featured in an editorial for the independent fashion magazine Buffalo Zine . Viola , her modeling agent , signed her to his agency in September 2019 .
She is a member of The 3 % Movement , an organization focused on increasing the number of women creative directors in the United States .
Personal life and public image
Emhoff lives in Bushwick , Brooklyn and has been called `` The First Daughter of Bushwick '' . Her family has homes in Brentwood , Los Angeles ; South of Market , San Francisco ; and West End , Washington , D.C .
She is a supporter of LGBT rights , particularly as an advocate for the rights of transgender people . In 2020 , she announced she would support the organization For the Gworls , a black , transgender-led collective that fundraises money to help black transgender people pay for rent , gender affirming surgery , travel , and medical care .
Emhoff spoke in the broadcast of the 2020 Democratic National Convention in August 2020 .
On January 20 , 2021 , Emhoff attended the 59th U.S. Presidential Inauguration in Washington , D.C. , where her stepmother was sworn in as the 49th Vice President of the United States , Emhoff is dating GQ editor Sam Hine .
Fashion
Emhoff received international media attention at the inauguration due to her outfits , including a dress she co-designed with Batsheva Hay , and a jewel-encrusted Miu Miu coat . Vogue said that Emhoff 's inauguration outfit `` perfectly married her signature Brooklyn quirk with the solemnity of the occasion '' and stated that `` [ Emhoff ] would n't be hewing to any outdated notions of what a White House-adjacent young woman should dress like . '' After the inauguration , Emhoff 's Instagram following increased from 50,000 followers to over 300,000 in less than a week . Fashion retailer Lyst reported that , after footage of Emhoff went viral on Twitter and TikTok , Miu Miu saw a 455 % increase in internet searches six hours after the inauguration . She had also received attention for her skirt , tie , and Thom Browne coat she wore to the National COVID-19 Memorial in Washington , D.C. , the night before the inauguration .
References
External links
1999 births
Activists from Los Angeles
American fashion designers
American people of Jewish descent
American people of Swedish descent
American women fashion designers
Artists from Los Angeles
California Democrats
Children of vice presidents of the United States
Daughters of national leaders
Female models from California
Harris family
IMG Models models
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Living people
Models from Los Angeles
Parsons School of Design alumni
People from Brentwood , Los Angeles
Mynatharuvi Kolakase is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed and produced by Kunchacko . The film stars Sathyan , Sheela , Adoor Bhasi and Hari . The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy .
The film was based on the Madatharuvi murder case in Kerala , involving the murder of a widow named Mariyakutty in 1966 . A priest , Fr . Benedict Onamkulam , was wrongly convicted of the crime . Another film , Madatharuvi , based on the same theme was released in 1967 . It was directed and produced by P. A. Thomas under the banner of Thomas Pictures . The film had actors like Sukumari , Adoor Bhasi , Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Musthafa .
Cast
Sathyan
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
Hari
Manavalan Joseph
Jijo
Adoor Pankajam
Alummoodan
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
N. Govindankutty
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Pankajavalli
S. P. Pillai
Sunny
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Raphael Abramovitch Rein ( 1880–1963 ) , best known as Raphael Abramovitch , was a Russian socialist , a member of the General Jewish Workers ' Union in Lithuania , Poland and Russia ( Bund ) , and a leader of the Menshevik wing of the Russian Social-Democratic Workers ' Party ( RSDRP ) .
Abramovitch emigrated from Soviet Russia in 1920 , landing in Berlin , where he was a co-founder of the long-running Menshevik journal Sotsialisticheskii vestnik ( The Socialist Courier ) . After 1940 , with the rise of fascism in Europe , he made his way to the United States , where he lived his final years .
Biography
Early years
Raphael Abramovich Rein was born in Daugavpils ( Dvinsk ) in January 1880 ( December 1879 old style ) . As a student at Riga Polytechnic he became involved in revolutionary politics and became a convinced Marxist .
Revolutionary activity
In 1901 he joined the Bund and the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party ( RSDRP ) . After being arrested , he emigrated , and worked with the Bund abroad . When the Bund withdrew from the RSDRP in 1903 , Abramovich maintained contact with Menshevik leaders Martov and Fyodor Dan . The Bund and the Mensheviks eventually patched up their differences , and Abramovich became a member of the Menshevik party . He edited the Social-Democratic journals Evreiskii Rabochii ( Jewish Workers ) and Nashe Slovo ( Our Word ) . In 1904 Abramovich became a member of the Central Committee of the Bund . During the abortive Revolution of 1905 , he represented the Bund in the St. Petersburg Soviet . In 1907 he ran unsuccessfully as a candidate for the second Duma . He attended the conferences of the Bund and the RSDRP in 1906 and 1907 . In 1911 he was arrested and exiled to Vologda but fled abroad . In 1912–14 , he lived in Vienna , working as a correspondent for the Bund newspapers , Leben Frage and Tseit . published legally in Warsaw and St Petersburg .
In 1914 he at first sided with the Internationalist wing of the Menshevik party , which opposed the First World War , but he was not as radically anti-war as Martov . After the February Revolution of 1917 , Abramovich returned to Russia . He became a member of the Central Committee of the Petrograd Soviet . For a while he became a qualified Revolutionary Defencist , siding with Mensheviks like Dan and Tsereteli against Martov . While Martov 's Menshevik Internationalists opposed the war altogether , the Revolutionary Defencists supported a limited war effort in defence of the Revolution . However , they opposed territorial or financial war aims and rejected the unqualified pro-war stance of 'Social Patriots ' like the aged Plekhanov and A.N . Potresov .
Russian revolution
After the October Revolution , Abramovich and Dan once more moved to the left and rejoined Martov 's faction . Abramovich played a role in unsuccessful attempts to negotiate and all-socialist coalition with the Bolsheviks , comprising Bolsheviks , Mensheviks , Socialist-Revolutionaries of various factions and Popular Socialists . Neither Lenin nor most of the leaders of the other proposed coalition partners had any interest in this idea , though there was popular support for it among workers . The negotiations failed . Abramovich subsequently became more critical of the Bolsheviks . In 1918 he was arrested for anti-Soviet activities and escaped execution due to the intervention of Friedrich Adler and other foreign socialists . At the 12th Bund Congress , he fiercely opposed a proposal by some of those present to amalgamate with the communist party ,
Exile
In 1920 Abramovich left Soviet Russia . He settled in Berlin , where he co-founded and co-edited the Menshevik paper Sotsialisticheskii Vestnik ( Socialist Courier ) . In the 1920s he was involved in organising the Vienna-based International Working Union of Socialist Parties , which united non-communist socialist parties that rejected the 'Social Patriot ' leadership of the old Second International but refused to join the communist Third International . He was later included in the executive of the Labour and Socialist International . Abramovich was also instrumental in maintaining contact between Mensheviks abroad and their comrades in Russia . He helped mobilise Western socialist and labour support for socialists persecuted by the Soviet government , e.g . during the Trial of the Socialist Revolutionaries in 1922 and the Menshevik Trial in 1931 .
After the rise of Hitler , Abramovich moved to Paris . In 1940 , when the Germans invaded France , he fled to the United States . He mainly lived in New York . He was a contributor to the Yiddish Social-Democratic paper Forwerts ( Forward ) . Abramovich wrote his memoirs in Yiddish and an English-language history of the Russian Revolution . He remained heavily involved in the activities of the Menshevik party in exile . In later years he opposed Fyodor Dan 's position that Soviet Russia , for all its flaws , was the country 'building socialism ' and must be supported , and denounced Soviet totalitarianism . In 1949 he was one of the founders of the Union for the Liberation of the Peoples of Russia .
Death and legacy
Raphael Abramovich was the father of the journalist Mark Rein , who was kidnapped in Spain in 1937 , presumably by the OGPU ( Soviet secret service ) . Rein is thought to have been murdered .
Footnotes
Works
Der Terror gegen die sozialistischen Parteien in Russland und Georgien . With I. Tsereteli and V. Suchomlin . Berlin , 1925 .
Wandlungen der bolschewistischen Diktatur . Berlin , 1931 .
The Soviet Revolution , 1917-1939 . New York : International Universities Press , 1962 .
Further reading
Brovkin , Vladimir , Dear Comrades : Menshevik Reports on the Bolshevik Revolution and the Civil War . Stanford , CA : Hoover Institution Press , 1991 .
Burbank , Jane , Intelligentsia and Revolution : Russian Views of Bolshevism , 1917-1922 . New York : Oxford University Press , 1989 .
Liebich , André , From the Other Shore : Russian Social Democracy after 1921 . Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press , 1997 .
Michels , Tony , `` The Abramovitch Campaign and What It Tells Us about American Communism , '' American Communist History , vol . 15 , no . 3 ( Dec. 2016 ) , pp . 283–292 .
Shukman , Harold ( ed ) , The Blackwell Encyclopedia of the Russian Revolution . Blackwell , 1988 .
External links
1880 births
1963 deaths
Writers from Daugavpils
People from Dvinsky Uyezd
19th-century Latvian Jews
Bundists
Mensheviks
People of the Russian Revolution
Russian Social Democratic Labour Party members
Bytovia Bytów is a Polish semi-professional association football club based in Bytów , Poland , founded in 1946 . Bytovia currently plays in the IV liga Pomerania .
Players
Current squad
Out on loan
League history
Honours
1/8 Polish Cup - 2009/2010
Third Division Runners-up - 2013/2014
Second Division 8. position
1/4 Polish Cup - 2016/2017
References
External links
Official page
Bytovia Bytów ( 90minut.pl )
Football clubs in Poland
Association football clubs established in 1946
1946 establishments in Poland
Football clubs in Pomeranian Voivodeship
The Winnipeg Jets are a professional ice hockey team based in Winnipeg . They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The team , owned by True North Sports & Entertainment , plays its home games at the Canada Life Centre .
The franchise was founded in 1999 , and played eleven seasons in Atlanta , Georgia as the Atlanta Thrashers before moving to Winnipeg in 2011 . The team has played eleven seasons in Winnipeg . After relocation the team struggled to make the playoffs as they qualified for the playoffs just once ( in 2015 ) in their first six seasons . In the franchise 's time in Winnipeg they have qualified for the playoffs six times and have advanced to one Conference Final in 2018 .
Table key
Season-by-season
Notes
The season was shortened to 48 games because of the 2012–13 NHL lockout .
The NHL realigned prior to the 2013–14 season . The Jets were placed in the Central Division of the Western Conference .
The 2019–20 NHL season was suspended on March 12 , 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic . The league resumed play on August 1 , 2020 for the playoffs with the top 24 teams qualifying .
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the 2020–21 NHL season was shortened to 56 games .
References
External links
Winnipeg Jets official website
seasons
Winnipeg Jets
The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m. , August 28 , 2005 , was a particularly dire warning issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell , Louisiana , warning of the devastation that Hurricane Katrina could wreak upon the Gulf Coast of the United States , and the torrent of pain , misery and suffering that would follow once the storm left the area .
An NWS assessment of its Hurricane Katrina activity found that because of `` the unprecedented detail and foreboding nature of the language used , the statement helped
reinforce the actions of emergency management officials as they coordinated one of the largest evacuations in U.S . history . '' The bulletin `` helped reinforce the message from emergency management officials for residents in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi to heed evacuation orders from local officials . ''
Background
On the evening of August 25 , 2005 , Hurricane Katrina made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near the Miami-Dade–Broward county line in southern Florida and weakened into a tropical storm as a result . The next morning , after passing over the state , Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico , and reintensified back to hurricane strength . As the hurricane passed over the warm waters of the Loop Current , the hurricane began to undergo rapid deepening .
At 11:00 p.m. EDT August 26 , approximately 56 hours before Katrina 's landfall near Buras , Louisiana , the National Hurricane Center had predicted that the Greater New Orleans area could face a direct hit by the storm . As New Orleans is located on the Mississippi River Delta and parts of the city are below sea level , a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city . Previous warnings , such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001 , told of a disaster that `` would strand 250,000 people or more , and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water '' following a severe hurricane making landfall on the city . Max Mayfield , who was the director of the National Hurricane Center at the time , indicated that the Mississippi/Louisiana area has `` the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios , '' and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC . Other publications , such as Popular Mechanics , Scientific American , and The Times-Picayune had given doomsday scenarios in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless .
In 1965 , Hurricane Betsy made landfall just south of New Orleans , causing widespread flooding in the city . As a result , a system of levees was authorized by Congress to handle future storm events . However , the protection given by this system was limited to hurricanes up to Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Three days before Katrina 's second and third landfalls , the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane . By the next morning , on August 27 , the NHC issued a hurricane watch that included the New Orleans metro area , which was upgraded to a hurricane warning by 10:00 p.m. CDT that same evening . At this point , Katrina was a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph ( 185 km/h ) winds and about 335 miles ( 540 km ) to the south-southeast of the Mississippi River 's mouth .
Bulletin text
Over the course of the overnight hours of August 27 , 2005 , Hurricane Katrina rapidly strengthened , reaching Category 5 status by morning , with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph ( 280 km/h ) by 10:00 am CDT on August 28 . A few minutes later , at 10:11 a.m. CDT ( 1511 UTC ) , Robert Ricks , a meteorologist with the New Orleans/Baton Rouge NWS office , issued the following statement as part of the event synopsis text of an inland hurricane wind warning being issued :
A warning just as dire was issued at 4:13 p.m. CDT .
Impact
In the months following the storm , Congress appointed a bipartisan committee to investigate the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations prior to its landfall . The committee concluded that the forecasts given by the National Weather Service were timely , were not responsible for failures in other agencies , and were likely responsible for saving thousands of lives that would have otherwise been lost in the raging hurricane .
During an internal assessment by the National Weather Service , the 10:11 bulletin and its impact were analyzed . The report called the bulletin `` a significant moment for the NWS during Katrina , '' as its detailed and explicit language did not have any precedent , though the message was based on a template designed by the Tampa Weather Office in the 1990s . The strongly worded statement urged residents to evacuate , and was highlighted by national news media . As a result , the level of detail was highlighted as an `` innovative best practice '' in the NWS assessment , which recommended issuing warnings with similar levels of detail in the future . The bulletin was described as `` perhaps the most chilling ever issued '' by the NWS .
Ricks , a native of the Ninth Ward , later told NBC Nightly News that he wrote the bulletin based on his previous experiences with Betsy and Camille . He also said that he was looking for statements to take out , but decided to leave the bulletin more or less intact because it seemed valid for a storm that he was convinced would be `` the big one '' longtime New Orleans residents had been predicting for some time . He admitted that he and his colleagues hoped to have been wrong about just how powerful Katrina would become , `` but our local expertise said otherwise . '' He added , `` We always prepare for the big one , we just did n't think it was going to come this soon . ''
The bulletin , and the rosary that Ricks clutched as he and his fellow forecasters weathered the storm in their office , is both now in the National Museum of American History .
See also
Effects of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans
Tropical cyclone watches and warnings
References
Tropical cyclone meteorology
Preparations for Hurricane Katrina
Weather warnings and advisories
Katrina NWS
North Lindsey Township is a township in Benton County , in the U.S. state of Missouri .
North Lindsey Township takes its name from Judge John W. Lindsay , who sat on the County Court bench .
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County , Missouri
The Philippine pygmy woodpecker ( Yungipicus maculatus ) , also known as the Philippine woodpecker , is a species of bird in the woodpecker family ( Picidae ) . Its local name in Kapampangan is Anluage .
Distribution
Smallest Philippine woodpecker , sexes differ , races fall into 3 groups : group 1 validirostris , maculatus and menagei with back moderately barred with blackish brown and white , throat white with dark spots or streaks , and rest of underparts heavily streaked black and white ; group 2 fulvifasciatus and leytensis with back boldly barred with black and white , throat whitish , upper breast whitish with distinct black spots and rest of underparts finely slight or no barring on upperparts , but with large white patch on lower back and rump , complete red nuchal crest in male , narrow white throat , yellow breast faintly streaked with brown , and faintly streaked brown and buff bully .
Taxonomy
Formerly the taxon included the Sulu pygmy woodpecker ( Y. ramsayi ) , which is now treated as distinct . These two and the Sulawesi pygmy woodpecker ( Y. temminckii ) appear to form a superspecies . Some taxonomic authorities continue to place this species in the genus Dendrocopos or Picoides .
habitat
The woodpecker is endemic to the Philippines . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
A Guide to the birds of the Philippines ( 2000 ) Robert S. Kennedy pedro C. Gonzales , Edward C , Dickinson Hector C. Miranda , jr. & Timothy H. Fisher
Philippine pygmy woodpecker
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Philippine pygmy woodpecker
Philippine pygmy woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Woodpeckers
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Bingham was a historical community in Dillon County , South Carolina , in operation 1892 to 1941 .
Selkirk Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .
Sources
Stokes , Durward T. The History of Dillon County , South Carolina . Columbia , S.C. : University of South Carolina Press , 1978. p460
Bingham , South Carolina . Geographic Names Information System , U.S. Geological Survey .
Populated places in Dillon County , South Carolina
Former populated places in South Carolina
Populated places established in 1892
Populated places disestablished in 1941
Shaun Campbell may refer to :
Shaun Campbell ( James Bond ) , a character from On Her Majesty 's Secret Service
Shaun Campbell ( editor ) of FlightPathTV
See also
Shawn Campbell ( disambiguation )
Sean Campbell ( disambiguation )
FC Tavria-Skif Rozdol ( ) is an amateur Ukrainian football from Rozdol , Mykhailivka Raion . The club is owned by an agriculture company Tavria-Skif .
History
The club was created in 1995 . In 2015 more than half of the senior team was composed of former the Metalurh Zaporizhia football academy players .
Honours
Ukrainian Football Amateur League
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2017–18 < ref > Kholodnyi , V. `` Viktoriya Mykolaivka is the Ukrainian Champion among amateurs ( `` Вікторія '' ( Миколаївка ) - чемпіон України серед аматорів ) . Footboom . 29 June 2018 < /ref >
Zaporizhia Oblast Championship
Winners ( 4 ) : 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2012
Zaporizhia Oblast Cup '' '
Winners ( 2 ) : 2015 , 2016
Head coaches
2013- ? ? ? ? Oleksiy Oliynyk
? ? ? ? - Maksym Skorokhodov
References
External links
Official website .
Association football clubs established in 1995
1995 establishments in Ukraine
Football clubs in Zaporizhzhia Oblast
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
The Canton of Chambéry-Sud is a French former administrative subdivision , situated in the Savoie département and the Rhône-Alpes région . It was created in 1860 , and its borders were modified in 1973 . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . Its population was 13,472 in 2012 . It comprised the southern part of the commune of Chambéry .
References
Chambery-Sud
Chambéry
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
The India Peace and Solidarity Organisation is an organization in India promoting peace , solidarity and friendship between peoples . AIPSO was founded in 1951 and is a member of the World Peace Council . As of 2019 , Pallab Sengupta is the general secretary of AIPSO .
Among the 1951 founders of AIPSO were , according to the organization , `` Dr. Saifuddin Kitchlew , veteran Congress leader and freedom fighter , Pandit Sundarlal , disciple of Mahatma Gandhi , Dr M M Atal , leader of the Indian Medical Mission to China , Ajoy Ghosh , freedom fighter and Communist leader , A K Gopalan , freedom fighter and Communist leader , T B Cunha , leader of Goa , Prof. D D Kosambi , as also celebrated film personalities like Prithviraj Kapoor and Balraj Sahni , noted writers Krishan Chander , Rajendra Singh Bedi , renowned poets Vallathol , S. Gurbaksh Singh , and many other leading personalities '' .
In late 1964 AIPSO launched an fundraising campaign to help set up an office of the African National Congress in India . In September 1964 Yusuf Dadoo and J . B . Marks conducted a six-week speaking tour across India as part of the fundraising campaign , bringing accounts from the anti-Apartheid struggle to the Indian public . Over 40,000 INR was collected . At the time is had been 'the biggest sustained campaign undertaken on any single anti-imperialist issue in India ' . The ANC office in New Delhi was inaugurated in 1967 , with recognition from the Indian government . In 1969 it was re-baptised as the Asian Mission of the ANC . AIPSO also voiced support for MPLA in Angola .
AIPSO campaigned actively against U.S. intervention in Vietnam . In December 1974 AIPSO sent its first delegation to the Democratic Republic of Vietnam . The delegation , consisting of AIPSO general secretary Romesh Chandra , Vayalar Ravi ( Member of Parliament ) and Subrata Banerjee ( Assistant Editor of The Economic Times ) , was received by Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng .
Together with the CPI , AIPSO campaign for support to the Saur Revolution in Afghanistan .
In the period of communal violence surrounding the 1992 Demolition of the Babri Masjid AIPSO organized peace marches and meetings to campaign for communal harmony . On January 30 , 1993 , it organized a conference on the death anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi , gathering Hindu , Muslim and Christian religious leaders .
References
Organizations established in 1951
Communist Party of India mass organisations
General Douglas MacArthur is a public artwork by American artist Robert L. Dean , a 1953 graduate of the United States Military Academy ( West Point , NY ) . Previously , the statue was located in MacArthur Square in the Milwaukee Civic Center Plaza , downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin , USA . On June 7 , 2014 , it was relocated to its new waterfront location at Veterans ' Park , next to the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center . With full military honors , the bronze statue of General Douglas MacArthur was rededicated at its new home on June 7 , 2014 . The ceremony was the capstone event for the MacArthur Memorial Week , held nearly 35 years after the statue 's original dedication on June 8 , 1979 .
Description
The sculpture features a standing , full-figure portrait of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur , wearing a hat . The general was the top ranking cadet of the 1903 class of USMA . The sculpture , standing on a marble pedestal , depicts MacArthur with his hands are his back pants pockets .
The inscription on the front of the pedestal reads `` Douglas MacArthur 1880-1964 '' . The plaque on the back reads `` MacARTHUR SQUARE : MacArthur Square was designated on September 17 , 1945 to honor General of the Army Douglas MacArthur for his leadership of the Allied forces in the Pacific during World War II . MacArthur , his father General Arthur MacArthur , and his grandfather judge Arthur McArthur , were all residents of Milwaukee . Douglas lived at the Plankinton House and attended West Division High School . In 1898 he was appointed to the U.S. Military Academy by Milwaukee Congressman Theobald Otjen . Douglas MacArthur 's final visit here was on April 27 , 1951 , when he received an honorary degree from Marquette University and spoke at this site . ''
Historical information
General Douglas MacArthur was sculpted in 1977 over a period of five months in the French town of La Colle-sur-Loup , west of the city of Nice . The sculpture was cast in bronze in Montecatini , Italy .
Dedication of the statue took place June 8 , 1979 which was the 80th anniversary of MacArthur 's entrance into the United States Military Academy at West Point , after he had been twice rejected prior to his tutoring by a Milwaukee teacher . The dedication was part of a MacArthur Memorial Week from June 8 until June 14 , 1979 . Mrs. Marie Uihlein donated $ 50,000 for the sculpture in memory of her husband , Erwin Uihlein , who was a friend and admirer of MacArthur . Supplemental funds were raised by veterans ' organizations and private donors .
MacArthur 's grandfather , Arthur MacArthur , Sr. , came to Milwaukee in 1849 . He worked as an attorney and circuit judge and also served as lieutenant governor of Wisconsin . MacArthur 's father , Arthur MacArthur , Jr. , served in the American Civil War where he was awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery . He also served in the Spanish–American War .
References
1979 establishments in Wisconsin
1979 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Wisconsin
Monuments and memorials in Wisconsin
Monuments and memorials to Douglas MacArthur
Outdoor sculptures in Milwaukee
Sculptures of men in Wisconsin
Statues in Wisconsin
Kenan Hasagić ( ; born 1 February 1980 ) is a Bosnian retired professional football goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach of Bosnian Premier League club Željezničar .
Club career
Hasagić 's football career began in his hometown with Rudar Kakanj . At the age of 16 , he made his debut in a first division match . He concedeed 5 goals . He was the most promising goalkeeper in Bosnia and Herzegovina , he played for youth selections and was later transferred to Austrian side Vorwärts Steyr .
After that , Hasagić was a member of Altay in Turkey but did n't see much first team football . He went back to Bosnia and played for Rudar Kakanj and Bosna Visoko . In 2003 , he signed a contract with Željezničar . Here he found good form and even became first choice goalkeeper for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
During the 2004–05 season , he moved to Turkey once again where he signed for Turkish Süper Lig side Gaziantepspor . In 2007 , he moved over to another Turkish Süper Lig side in İstanbul Başakşehir . In 2012 , Hasagić retired from football early after injuries shattered his career .
International career
Hasagić made his debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in a September 2002 European Championship qualification match against Romania and has earned a total of 44 caps , scoring no goals . His final international was an October 2011 European Championship qualification match against France .
Managerial career
In August 2017 , Hasagić became the new goalkeeping coach of Bosnian Premier League club Mladost Doboj Kakanj . Two years later , on 2 November 2019 , he announced that he left Mladost and that he will only be focusing on the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
On 4 January 2018 , after Robert Prosinečki was named the new head coach of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team , it was announced that Hasagić became the new goalkeeping coach of the national team . Hasagić left the national team in November 2019 with the sacking of Prosinečki .
It was announced on 7 January 2020 that Hasagić took over the position of goalkeeping coach of another Bosnian Premier League club , Tuzla City , working alongside former national team teammate , good friend , and godfather Elvir Baljić , the club manager at the time . He decided to leave the club in June 2021 .
On 9 July 2021 , Hasagić became the new goalkeeping coach of his former club Željezničar .
Personal life
In 1998 , Hasagić met his future wife , Dijana , in Jablanica . They were married in 2000 . They have three daughters together : Ilda , Iman and Inam . On 27 December 2009 , Hasagić confirmed he divorced his wife Dijana after 9 years of marriage .
After his divorce , he has been in a long term relationship with a model , Aminka Sivac . He is 15 years older than her . On 8 July 2019 , Hasagić married Sivac . Former national team teammate Elvir Baljić was the best man at his wedding .
Career statistics
International
Source :
Honours
Player
Željezničar
Bosnian Cup : 2002–03
References
External links
Kenan Hasagić at TFF.org
1980 births
Living people
People from Kakanj
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football goalkeepers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Rudar Kakanj players
SK Vorwärts Steyr players
Altay S.K . footballers
NK Bosna Visoko players
FK Željezničar Sarajevo players
Gaziantepspor footballers
İstanbul Başakşehir F.K . players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Association football goalkeeping coaches
Neptis nashona , the less rich sailer , is a nymphalid butterfly found in Asia . The species was first described by Charles Swinhoe in 1896 .
Subspecies
Neptis nashona nashona ( Sikkim , Assam , northern Myanmar )
Neptis nashona aagaardi Riley , 1932 ( northern Thailand )
Neptis nashona chapa Eliot , 1969 ( Cochin China )
Neptis nashona patricia Oberthür , 1906
References
nashona
Butterflies of Indochina
A list of films produced by the Bengali language film industry based in Kolkata in the year 1931 .
A-Z of films
Gallery
Notes
References
Bengali Film Directory – edited by Ansu Sur , Nandan , Calcutta , 1999
External links
Tollywood films of 1931 at the Internet Movie Database
Tollywood films of 1931 at gomolo.in
1931
Lists of 1931 films by country or language
Films , Bengali
Cape Robertson is a cape which marks the west side of the entrance to Jessie Bay , in the north-west part of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
It lies east of Route Point at the north end of Mackenzie Peninsula . On the map of Laurie Island by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under Bruce , 1902–04 , the name Cape Robertson appears in the position of Route Point , previously named by Captain George Powell and Captain Nathaniel Palmer in 1821 . The name Route Point is retained for the north-west end of Mackenzie Peninsula ; Cape Robertson is the north-east extremity . It is named for Thomas Robertson , captain of the Scotia , expedition ship of the ScotNAE .
Important Bird Area
Some 388 ha of the site has been identified as an Important Bird Area ( IBA ) by BirdLife International because it supports a large breeding colony of about 20,000 pairs of chinstrap penguins .
See also
Expedition Rock
References
Robertson , Cape
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Lincoln Temple United Church of Christ was a congregation of the United Church of Christ located since 1880 in the Shaw neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington , D.C . The church building was completed in 1928 and is a historic structure that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 . The church is also listed on the city 's African-American Heritage Trail .
Due to changing demographics in the neighborhood , the church membership declined . It held its final service on September 30 , 2018 .
History
The congregation can trace its roots to the Lincoln Industrial Mission , which was founded as an educational and social aid mission after the American Civil War . The mission was built on this site in 1868-1869 .
In 1880 ten members of First Congregational Church established Lincoln Memorial Congregational Church at the mission . The congregation merged with Park Temple Congregational Church in 1901 , and they took the present name .
The American Negro Academy ( ANA ) , the first major African-American learned society in the United States , was formed by the Rev . Alexander Crummell and other intellectuals in 1897 . It held its inaugural address in the church .
Walter B. Hayson , one of the founders of the ANA and a protege of Crummell , directed the choir . Notable 20th-century musicians such as Jessye Norman , Marian Anderson and Roberta Flack have sung at the church . Preachers and scholars such as Julian Bond and Jeremiah A. Wright , Jr. have spoken from its pulpit .
Many in the congregation were active during the civil rights era . The church allowed people attending the August 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom to camp out in the church 's auditorium . The church distributed clothes and food to people in the neighborhood during the riots that followed the April 1968 assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. in Memphis . Its leaders had been active in the civil rights movement and working on social justice issues in the capital . For example , minister Channing Emery Phillips was also active in the Coalition of Conscience in D.C . He served as president of the Housing Development Corporation and supported full home-rule status for the District of Columbia .
Because of the church 's long significance in the District of Columbia , it has been listed as a site on the city 's African-American Heritage Trail .
Final years
The Washington Post cites retirement of its longtime pastor , the Rev . Benjamin E. Lewis , in 1994 as the beginning of the church 's decline . This also coincided with demographic changes in the surrounding Shaw/Logan Circle neighborhoods , which went from 65 percent African-American population in 1990 to 29 percent in 2010 .
The congregation attempted to appeal to the changed neighborhood , becoming an open and affirming church . It sponsored Saturday evening concerts with performances by the National Symphony and the Gay Men 's Chorus , but concert-goers failed to return for Sunday services the next morning .
Revised regulations that extended on-street parking restrictions to Sundays were also cited for the decline in church attendance .
Architecture
The present church building was designed by Howard Wright Cutler in the Italian Romanesque Revival style . It was completed in 1928 . The building features a basilican plan with arched windows . The exterior has variegated brick and a gabled roof . The west façade of the church is dominated by a rose window and an arcaded portico . The portico features stone columns with foliate Byzantine capitals , corbelled frieze and a tile roof . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 .
References
External links
Church website
Washington Lincoln Temple
United Church of Christ churches in Washington , D.C .
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington , D.C .
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Washington , D.C .
African-American history of Washington , D.C .
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Washington , D.C .
is a Japanese brand name of the Panasonic Corporation for audio equipment . Since 1965 under the brand name , Panasonic has produced a variety of hi-fi products , such as turntables , amplifiers , receivers , tape decks , CD players and speakers for sale in various countries . It was conceived as a line of high-end audio equipment to compete against brands such as Nakamichi .
From 2002 onwards products were rebranded as Panasonic except in Japan and CIS countries ( such as Russia ) , where the brand remained in high regard . Panasonic discontinued the brand for most products in October 2010 , but it was revived in 2015 with new high-end turntables . The brand is best known for the SL-1200 DJ turntable , an industry standard for decades .
History
Technics was introduced as a brand name for premium loudspeakers marketed domestically by Matsushita in 1965 . The name came to wider prominence with the international sales of direct-drive turntables . The first direct-drive turntable was invented by Shuichi Obata , an engineer at Matsushita ( now Panasonic ) , based in Osaka , Japan . It eliminated belts , and instead employed a motor to directly drive a platter on which a vinyl record rests . It is a significant advancement over older belt-drive turntables , which are unsuitable for turntablism , since they have a slow start-up time , and are prone to wear-and-tear and breakage , as the belt would break from backspinning or scratching . In 1969 , Matsushita launched Obata 's invention as the SP-10 , the first direct-drive turntable on the professional market .
In 1971 , Matsushita released the Technics SL-1100 for the consumer market . Due to its strong motor , durability , and fidelity , it was adopted by early hip hop artists . The SL-1100 was used by the influential DJ Kool Herc for the first sound system he set up after emigrating from Jamaica to New York City .
It was followed by the SL-1200 , the most influential turntable . It was developed in 1971 by a team led by Shuichi Obata at Matsushita , which then released it onto the market in 1972 . It was adopted by New York City hip hop DJs such as Grand Wizard Theodore and Afrika Bambaataa in the 1970s . As they experimented with the SL-1200 decks , they developed scratching techniques when they found that the motor would continue to spin at the correct RPM even if the DJ wiggled the record back and forth on the platter .
As the upgraded SL-1200 MK2 , it became a widely used turntable by DJs . A robust machine , the SL-1200 MK2 incorporated a pitch control mechanism ( or vari-speed ) , and maintained a relatively constant speed with low variability , which proved popular with DJs . The SL-1200 series remained the most widely used turntable in DJ culture through to the 2000s . The SL-1200 model , often considered the industry standard turntable , continued to evolve with the M3D series , followed by the MK5 series in 2003 .
Despite being originally created to market their high-end equipment , by the early 1980s Technics was offering an entire range of equipment from entry-level to high-end .
In 1972 , Technics introduced the first autoreverse system in a cassette deck in its Technics RS-277US and in 1973 it introduced the first three-head recording technique in a cassette deck ( Technics RS-279US ) .
In 1976 , Technics introduced two belt-driven turntables for the mass market , the SL-20 and SL-23 . The principal difference between the two models was the additional feature of semi-automatic operation in the SL-23 , along with an adjustable speed control with built-in strobe light . They offered technical specifications and features rivaling much more expensive turntables , including well-engineered s-shaped tonearms with tracking weight and anti-skate adjustments . At the time they were introduced , the SL-20 and SL-23 , which sold for $ 100.00 and $ 140.00 respectively , set a new performance standard for inexpensive turntables .
The Technics brand was discontinued in 2010 , but reappeared at the 2014 German consumer electronics trade fair IFA . In January 2016 on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary the Technics SL-1200 came back with the Technics SL-1200 G .
Notable products
Early 1960s
SX-601 Electronic Organ ( 1963 ) – an origin of Technics SX keyboard series , the result of cooperative works of National Electronic Organ Company ( Panasonic group ) and Ace Tone ( precursor of Roland Corporation ) . After the 1970s , this product line was branded `` Technitone '' as a brother brand of Technics , and newer electronic musical instruments were branded Technics .
EAB-1204 loudspeakers ( 1965 ) – premium loudspeakers , later renamed to SB-1204 . Nicknamed `` Technics 1 '' , and referred to as the origin of Technics brand .
Late 1960s – early 1970s
SP-10 Direct Drive Turntables ( 1969 ) – first direct-drive model for the professional market
SL-1100 Direct Drive Turntables ( 1971 ) – for the consumer market
SL-1200 Direct Drive Turntables ( 1972 ) – for the consumer market
RS-277US Autoreverse Cassette Deck ( 1972 )
RS-279US Three-heads recording Cassette Deck ( 1973 )
Mid-1970s
SA-8500X The biggest quadraphonic receiver Technics ever built with integrated CD4 demodulation
RS-858US quadraphonic 8-track player/recorder
SH-3433 4-channel Quadraphonic Audioscope
SA-50XX Budget amplifiers ranging from $ 150 ( cheapest ) to $ 600 ( Most expensive )
SB-7000 Linear Phase 3 way loudspeaker ( First Linear Phase Speaker system in the World )
Late 1970s
RS-1500/1700 series of open-reel tape decks ;
SA-100/400/600/800/1000 receivers
SL-1300 , SL-1400 , SL-1500 , SL-1600 , SL-1700 , SL-1800 Direct Drive Turntables
SL-1300MK2 , SL-1400MK2 , SL-1500MK2 , SL-150MK2 ( No Tonearm ) Quartz Synthesizer Direct Drive Turntables `` Professional Series ''
`` New class A '' Amplifier series launched featuring inter alia SE-A3/SE-A5 High Output Power Amplifiers
SU-C01 , SU-C03 , SU-C04 amplifiers ( a `` concise '' line of home audio consisting of amplifier , tuner and cassette deck )
SB-F1 , SB-F01 , SB-F2 and SB-F3 monitor speakers ( 2-way , sealed casing , aluminum box speakers )
SY-1010 Analog Synthesizer ( 1977 )
9000 Professional Series : A series of stack-able , or rack mountable , units included the SE-9060 Amp , SU-9070 Pre-Amp , SH-9010 Equalizer , SH-9020 Meter Unit and ST-9030 Tuner . These `` Pro Series '' components replaced the earlier SE-9600 Amp , SU-9700 Pre-Amp and ST-9300/9600/9700 Tuner that were deemed too large . The 9000 Pro Series was introduced because of demand for smaller , quality components . The European version of the Pro Series had a different faceplate than the US version : 18 '' vs. 19 '' . Because of the narrower face plate , the European version required special rack brackets to be rack mountable . The brackets came with the European version of the SH-905ST Professional Series rack . The only difference between this rack and the US version was inclusion of those brackets . As a result , the brackets are ultra rare and even the rack was sold in limited numbers in the USA .
SB-10000 Loudspeaker : Top of the line Technics speaker at a cost of US $ 12,000 . They featured a tweeter made of boron . A used pair sold for US $ 32,050 around 2010 in Germany .
SE-A1 Amp : Top of the line Technics amp at a cost of US $ 6,000 .
SU-A2 Pre-Amp : Top of the line for Technics at a cost of US $ 8,000 .
SB-E100 and SB-E200 Loudspeakers : These were both designed with the SB-10000 in mind . The SB-E100 looked like the 10000 with the bass enclosure turned on its end with the mid/tweeter section mounted on top . The SB-E100 was made of MDF with Rosewood veneer . The SB-E200 was made of Rosewood and , while more similar in design to the SB-10000 , it was virtually the same as the SB-E100 except for the bass box configuration and solid wood . The SB-E100 was designed to sit on the floor while the SB-E200 could sit on a table or pedestal . The SB-E100 had slightly better specs than the SB-E200 due to construction . Neither of them were released for the US market .
RS-9900US Tape Deck : Top of the line tape deck at the time and quite at home with the 9600 Series components listed above . It was a two piece behemoth that sold for $ 2,000 in 1977–78 .
RS-M95 Tape Deck : This deck replaced the 9600 in the same way as the 9000 Professional Series components replaced the 9600 . It was much smaller , less expensive ( $ 1400 ) and had better specs than the RS-9900US it replaced , resulting in better sound .
Early 1980s
SU-V3 , V4 V5 , V6 , V7 , V8 , V9 Stereo Integrated Amplifiers
SE-A3MK2 , SE-A5 , SE-A5MK2 , SE-A7 Power Amplifiers and SU-A4MK2 , SU-A6 SU-A6MK2 and SU-A8 preamplifiers
SV-P100 digital audio recorder ( using VHS tapes ) . Also available as the SV-100 , a stand-alone PCM adaptor requiring a separate VCR ;
cassette decks with dbx noise reduction
SB-2155 3-Way Stereo Speakers [ 1982 ]
SL-D212 Direct Drive Turntable [ 1982 ]
SU-Z65 Stereo Integrated Amplifier [ 1982 ]
SH-8015 Stereo Frequency Equalizer [ 1982 ]
ST-Z45 Synthesizer FM/AM Stereo Tuner [ 1981 ]
RS-M205 Cassette Deck [ 1980 ]
RS-M216 Cassette Deck [ 1982 ]
direct-drive linear tracking turntables SL-10 , SL-15 , SL-7 , SL-6 , SL-5 , and SL-V5 ( vertical )
Mid-1980s
Technitone E series ( 1983 ) : one of the earliest PCM sampling organs in Japan
SX-PV10 PCM Digital Piano ( 1984 ) : one of the earliest PCM sampling pianos in Japan
SL-J2 : direct-drive turntable
SY-DP50 PCM Digital Drum Percussion ( 1985 )
`` Class AA '' VC-4 stereo integrated amplifiers , starting with the SU-V40 , V50 and V60 models ( 1986 )
The SL range of Direct Drive turntables , like the SL-5
1990s–2000s
During the 90 's , Technics launched a successful series of mini hi-fi systems ( SC-EH series , SC-CA SC-CH series and SC-DV series with cd player and surround sound ) and in the late 90 's , the very successful series of micro hi-fi systems , SC-HD series ( SC-HDV and SC-HDA , for series with dvd player and surround sound ) . These were manufactured until 2004 , and after that , until 2005 , were named Panasonic for the short time they were still kept in production after Technics brand was phased out . Technics had also created a 60+1 disc changer in 1998 under the model line SL-MC ( excluding the last model , the SL-MC7 , that being a 110+1 changer ) that ran until 2002 across a total of 8 models before being shut down , the last 60+1 mechanisms being featured in Panasonic Mini-HiFi systems . The Technics badge was then relegated to turntables in 2005 , including the low cost SL-BD20/22 manufactured well into the 2000 's , and some higher quality headphones and speakers , although the same model names appeared under both Technics and Panasonic names in some countries , for a while . From 2002 onwards , receivers which once were known as Technics , were rebranded as Panasonic . Technics stopped manufacturing separates ( cd players , cassette deck , tuners , amplifiers ) in late 2001 , but remained for a while in the home cinema market , with both dvd players and receivers and speakers until late 2002 , when these were renamed Panasonic . From 2004 on , except turntables , a series of headphones , and some dj equipment , all audio products were by now bearing the Panasonic name , rather than Technics . Also , by 2004 , both SL-BD20/22 turntables were phased out .
The two subwoofers listed below ( SST-25/35HZ ) along with the SST-1 Loudspeakers , were n't intended for home use but are quite at home there as long as have room for them . Use in a small room can result in drywall damage and a fish tank should not be in the same room . They were actually intended for large venue such as theater , ballroom or outdoor use . Both were passive sub-woofers that came with a separate amplifier .
SST-25HZ Super Bass Exciter ( Sub-Woofer ) , top of the line Technics sub
SST-35HZ Super Bass Exciter ( Sub-woofer ) , 1991 cost $ 2500
SST-1 Loudspeaker , 1991 cost $ 2000 . These were meant to be mated with the SST-25HZ or 35HZ sub-woofers .
hi-quality power amps , Mainstream receivers , Dolby Pro Logic receivers
SX-KN series electronic keyboards , including the arranger keyboards KN3000 , KN5000 , KN6000 and KN7000 , competing with the same market as the Yamaha Tyros
SX-WSA1/SX-WSA1R Digital Synthesizer ( 1995 ) , utilizing Acoustic Modeling synthesis ( PCM sample + physical modeling resonator )
Since 2014
Panasonic Corporation relaunched the Technics brand in late 2014 , mainly because of increased market interest in high-end hi-fi , and also due to renewed interest in vinyl . The brand was relaunched with a series of amplifiers , speakers and micro hi-fi systems , but no turntables were yet available . The turntables were relaunched in 2016 .
As written above , in 2016 , on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the SL-1200 , Technics came back with the SL-1200 G. About 2017 a remarkable digital amplifier , the SU-G700 , was announced .
Among their most successful products are the newly launched SL1500-C turntable series , and the Ottava micro hi-fi series , and also their active speakers series . The SL1200 is also successful .
Technics SL1500-C was launched as an alternative to the SL1200 series , being aimed at home use rather than DJ use . It has a quartz speed stabilizer , also it has no variable pitch and has no stroboscope for speed adjustment . Like 1200 , it is manual ; it only has an arm lift feature at the end of the record , which can be deactivated . It is available in silver and black versions . It has a built-in preamplifier , which can be completely deactivated if not needed . It also has a heavy damped platter . In the tradition of Technics , SL1500-C is a Direct Drive turntable . It is different , however , from the SL1500 models from the 1970s and it is not manufactured in Japan like its bigger brothers , the SL1200 and the SP10 , but in Malaysia . In 2021 the production of all Technics turntables was moved to Malaysia . Although Technics previously manufactured a series of belt drive turntables ( mainly cheaper versions ) , no new belt drive turntables from Technics are available now , and it seems that Technics will not launch a new belt drive series .
See also
List of phonograph manufacturers
References
historical products
— other older Technics products site in Japanese .
— information about older Technics products
— Technitone Electronic Organ database including and models
External links
Official sites
General Technics DJ home page
Technics Musical Instruments home page
Technics Hi-Fi Audio
The Exclusive Online Audio Museum `` TheVintageKnob '' with Technics Audio Products History ( 1960-2000 )
Panasonic Corporation brands
Consumer electronics brands
Headphones manufacturers
Loudspeaker manufacturers
Phonograph manufacturers
Products introduced in 1965
DJ equipment
Japanese brands
Panasonic products
Radio manufacturers
Boris Aleksandrovich Chernyshov ( ; born 25 June 1991 , in Voronezh ) is a Russian politician , a deputy of the 7th State Duma of the Russian Federation .
Biography
Education
Chernyshov graduated from the National Research University Higher School of Economics in 2012 , and completed further studies at Moscow State University ( 2014 ) .
Early career
Prior to election to the State Duma , Chernyshov was coordinator of the Moscow branch of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia ( LDPR ) . In this role , he organized a public protest in front of the Turkish Embassy against the 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown by a Turkish Air Force F-16 fighter jet .
State Duma of the Russian Federation
In 2016 , Chernyshov was elected as a deputy in the State Duma , the lower house of the Federal Assembly of Russia . He is a representative for the Orekhovo–Borisovo constituency in Moscow . His first day in office was September 18 , 2016 . He is also the Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Education and Science .
Chernyshov drafted two bills in November 2016 to regulate electronic cigarettes . He proposed banning sales to minors , prohibiting vaping in certain public areas such as parks , and creating regulations to avoid harmful ingredients .
In November 2016 , Chernyshov and fellow LDPR deputy Vasily Vlasov prepared a bill to lower the voting age in Russia from 18 to 16 . This has been a policy of the LDPR since 2014 , reflecting the popularity of the party among young people . However , the bill was swiftly rejected by the Russian government . Following this , Chernyshov and Vlasov advanced the idea of lowering the minimum age of LDPR membership to 16 years . Chernyshov suggested that membership of the LDPR by young people might motivate other family members and friends to also join the party .
On 24 March 2022 , the United States Treasury sanctioned him in response to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine .
References
1991 births
Living people
People from Voronezh
Liberal Democratic Party of Russia politicians
Seventh convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Moscow State University alumni
Eighth convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Higher School of Economics alumni
Russian individuals subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
Baker Island is an island located in Maine marking the southwestern entrance to Frenchman Bay , about four miles ( 2.5 km ) south of Mt . Desert Island . It is one of the five islands in the Town of Cranberry Isles , Maine .
The island is not inhabited year round . There are only three property owners on the island , two of which are private residences , with the balance of the island ( well over 75 % of the total land ) belonging to the National Park Service .
Baker Island Light sits in the center of the island . The station began in 1828 on the order of John Quincy Adams to warn of the shoals around the Cranberry Isles and the sand bar running between Baker Island and Little Cranberry Island . The current tower was built in 1855 and automated in 1966 . The lighthouse is a historic site listed in the National Register of Historic Places .
References
Islands of Hancock County , Maine
Islands of Maine
Coastal islands of Maine
Amelometasone ( developmental code name TS-410 ) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed .
References
Diols
Diketones
Organofluorides
Glucocorticoids
Propionate esters
John G. Hartnett ( born 24 March 1952 in Manjimup , Western Australia ) , is an Australian young Earth creationist and cosmologist . He has been active with Creation Ministries International and is known for his opposition to the Big Bang theory and criticism of the dark matter and dark energy hypotheses .
He received both his BSc ( Hons ) ( 1973 ) and PhD with distinction ( 2001 ) from the School of Physics at the University of Western Australia ( UWA ) . He currently works as a Research Fellow at the University of Adelaide , South Australia . He has published more than 200 papers in scientific journals , book chapters and conference proceedings , holds one patent , works on the development of ultra-stable cryocooled sapphire oscillators and participated on a Sapphire Clock Ensemble project ( Atomic Clock Ensemble in Space Mission ) run by the European Space Agency . He also has written articles for several creationist journals and , according to Creation Ministries International , Hartnett `` believes that God is the real creator of the universe as the Bible says . ''
Research interests
His research interests include ultra low-noise radar and ultra high stability cryogenic microwave oscillators and clocks based on a pure single-crystal sapphire resonators . Applications for the latter are to provide low noise local oscillators to atomic physics labs , time and frequency atomic fountain standards , and very high frequency VLBI ( Very-Long-Baseline-Interferometry ) radio-astronomy . The terrestrial clock technology co-developed by him is claimed to be the most stable in the universe , with Hartnett et al . stating that it outperformed the stability of signals generated by pulsars ( rotating neutron stars that produce highly periodic bursts of radio waves ; such astronomical sources are then used as natural clocks e.g . for tests of physics ) . Further on , he is interested in the development of cryocooled CSO resonators , detection of WISPs using low noise microwave techniques , tests of the fundamental theories of physics , such as special and general relativity , measurement of drift in fundamental constants and their cosmological implications and cosmology and the large scale structure of the universe . He is also part of a team of scientists who are building liquid helium-cooled oscillators used by sapphire clocks for the National Metrology Institute of Japan in Tsukuba , Japan .
According to Moshe Carmeli , Professor of Theoretical Physics at Ben Gurion University in Beer Sheva , Israel , Hartnett asserted in his theory that there is no need to assume the existence of dark matter in the universe .
Publications
John Hartnett is the author of the book `` Starlight , Time and the New Physics '' ( 2007 ) . and co-author of the book `` Dismantling the Big Bang '' .
Patents
P1 `` Temperature Compensated Oscillator '' ; US Patent Number 7,046,099 , issued 16 May 2006 . Obtained from US patent search .
See also
Russell Humphreys , an American physicist and creationist author .
References
Bibliography
( 46 search results for `` Hartnett '' )
`` David Kaiser is a professor ... at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ... His physics research focuses on early-universe cosmology ... ''
1952 births
Living people
Australian Christians
Australian physicists
Christian writers
Christian Young Earth creationists
Cosmologists
People from Manjimup , Western Australia
University of Adelaide faculty
University of Western Australia alumni
San Bernardo del Viento ( ) is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department , northern Colombia . It is best known for its elegant spices and unique style of dance .
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - San Bernardo del Viento
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
The 1972–73 Danish 1. division season was the 16th season of ice hockey in Denmark . Ten teams participated in the league , and Herning IK won the championship . IK Aalborg was relegated .
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1972 in Danish sport
1973 in Danish sport
Azarestan ( , also Romanized as Āzārestān ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 164 , in 49 families .
References
Populated places in Lahijan County
John Alexander Milligan ( January 22 , 1904 – May 15 , 1972 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Philadelphia Phillies ( 1928–1931 ) and Washington Senators ( 1934 ) . Listed at , 172 lb. , Milligan batted left-handed and threw right-handed . A native of Schuylerville , New York , he attended Cornell University .
In a five-season career , Mulligan posted a 3–8 record with 38 strikeouts and a 5.17 ERA in 35 appearances , including 12 starts , four complete games and innings of work .
Milligan died at the age of 68 in Fort Pierce , Florida .
External links
Retrosheet
Philadelphia Phillies players
Washington Senators ( 1901–1960 ) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Cornell Big Red baseball players
Baseball players from New York ( state )
1904 births
1972 deaths
Sneisen is a village in the municipality of Malvik in Trøndelag county , Norway . It is located in the Mostadmarka area in the southern part of the municipality , about south of the village of Hommelvik and north of the village of Selbustrand ( in neighboring Selbu municipality ) . Mostadmark Chapel is located in the village .
References
Villages in Trøndelag
Malvik
Tooke 's Pantheon , full title Tooke 's Pantheon of the Heathen Gods and Illustrious Heroes , was a work on Greek mythology . Authored by the Jesuit François Pomey ( 1619–1673 ) , the Pantheum mythicum seu fabulosa deorum historia became the mythological handbook of the following two centuries .
Classical scholar Samuel Petiscus , engaged by the publisher to correct the sixth edition , advises the `` Friendly Reader '' that this book , deriving from Boccaccio , Giraldi , and Conti , was invaluable in the classical instruction of `` studious youths '' . It was translated into English in 1698 by Andrew Tooke , later Headmaster of Charterhouse School , who was silent about the author of the original . It became known as Tooke 's Pantheon of the Heathen Gods and Illustrious Heroes and was reprinted twenty-three times by 1771 . It was published as `` adapted for the use of students of every age and either sex '' in America as late as 1859 .
References
http : //quod.lib.umich.edu/e/eebo/A55340.0001.001 ? rgn=main ; view=toc ; q1=Mulcifer
1698 books
References on Greek mythology
Steinheim is an impact crater in the Diacria quadrangle of Mars , on the Arcadia Planitia . It is in diameter . The crater was named after the town of Steinheim am Albuch in Baden-Württemberg , Germany , in 2007 .
See also
Geology of Mars
Impact crater
Impact event
List of craters on Mars
References
Impact craters on Mars
Elysium quadrangle
The Intermountain Collegiate Athletic Conference ( ICAC ) is a defunct U.S. junior college athletic conference for schools in the states of Colorado , Idaho , and Utah that existed from 1936 to 1984 . The league was part of the National Junior College Athletic Association .
History
Founded in 1936 , ICAC initially consisted of six schools . The founding members were :
Over the years a number of schools entered and exited the league . In 1938 , Mesa College joined the league . In 1939 , the league saw its largest membership when Carbon Junior College ( later College of Eastern Utah ) and Snow College joined . In the early 1940s , the league saw disruption due to the outbreak of World War II – Ricks and Albion were forced to leave prior to the 1941 season , while Weber and Westminster were forced to leave prior to the 1942 season . The entire league suspended operations from 1943 to 1945 . In 1946 , the league resumed operations with Albion and Weber also re-joining the league . Prior to 1948 , Mesa left the league , while Westminster and Ricks rejoined , and a new member also joined – Boise Junior College ( later Boise College ) .
Following this expansion , the league would see a gradual reduction in teams . 1950 would be the final season for SICE as the school closed in 1951 . Westminster left the league after the 1954 season . Weber left following the 1961 season , while Southern Utah left the following year . In 1963 , Mesa returned , but Eastern Utah decided to depart the league following that season . Boise left after the 1967 season , and Mesa left after the 1974 season . The league reached its final configuration in 1979 when Eastern Utah re-joined . In 1983 , member schools were Eastern Utah , Dixie , Ricks , Snow , UTCP , and CNCC .
1984 would be the final season of league play for the ICAC . In 1985 , the NJCAA realigned its regions in response to a large number of Oregon and Washington schools leaving the organization to form the Northwest Athletic Association of Community Colleges . NJCAA Region 18 was expanded to include schools in Utah , which resulted in all ICAC members being merged into the Scenic West Athletic Conference ( Ricks had already been a member of the SWAC in non-football sports since 1968 ) . For football , the league was merged with the Arizona Community College Conference to form the Western States Football League .
Former members
Membership timeline
Championships
Football champions
National Champions ( football )
Boise Junior College won the NJCAA National Football Championship in 1958 .
References
External links
Year by year results of ICAC football
ICAC football champions
ICAC football all-time records
NJCAA conferences
Owen Sheers ( born 20 September 1974 ) is a Welsh poet , author , playwright and television presenter . He was the first writer in residence to be appointed by any national rugby union team .
Early life
Owen Sheers was born in Suva , Fiji in 1974 , and brought up in Abergavenny , south Wales . He went to school at King Henry VIII School in Abergavenny , before studying at New College , Oxford , and the University of East Anglia , at which point he completed an MA in Creative Writing . During his time at New College , Sheers captained the Oxford University Modern Pentathlon team .
Career
In 1999 , Sheers received an Eric Gregory Award from the Society of Authors . His first collection of poetry , The Blue Book , was published by Seren in 2000 . A collection of poems about family , first love and farming life , it was shortlisted for the Wales Book of the Year and the Forward Prize for `` Best First Collection '' . Following this first publication , Sheers worked on the light entertainment television show The Big Breakfast as a researcher . His debut prose work , The Dust Diaries , was published by Faber in 2004 . A non-fiction narrative set in Zimbabwe following the travels of Sheers ' great-great-uncle , Arthur Shearly Cripps , it won the Wales Book of the Year in 2005 , and was also shortlisted for the Royal Society of Literature 's Ondaatje Prize .
In 2004 Sheers was Writer in Residence at The Wordsworth Trust and was selected as one of the Poetry Book Society 's 20 Next Generation Poets . His second collection of poetry , Skirrid Hill ( Seren , 2005 ) , won a 2006 Somerset Maugham Award . Unicorns , almost , his one-man play based on the life and poetry of the WWII poet Keith Douglas , was developed by the Old Vic , New Voices , and performed by Joseph Fiennes .
Sheers ' first novel , Resistance , has been translated into ten languages and was short listed for the Writer 's Guild of Great Britain Best Book Award 2008 and won a 2008 Hospital Club Creative Award . The novel imagines that the D-day landings have failed and Wales has been occupied by the Nazis . While working as a tiler in the South Wales valleys one summer , Sheers had heard about the Auxiliary Units-secret civilian networks that , in the event of an invasion , would have formed a British resistance , but the novel focuses not on fighting `` but on the uneasy means of survival open to the women who are left behind '' . The film of the novel , which Sheers co-wrote , was released in autumn 2011 and starred Andrea Riseborough . Sheers insisted that the film be shot in and around the Black Mountains .
In 2007 , he collaborated with composer Rachel Portman on The Water Diviner 's Tale , an oratorio for children , which was premièred at the Royal Albert Hall for the BBC Proms . In 2007/8 Sheers was a Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Fellow at the New York Public Library .
In 2009 , he published the novella White Ravens , a contemporary response to the myth of Branwen Daughter of Llyr , written as part of Seren 's series of New Stories from the Mabinogion . He published an anthology of British landscape poetry to accompany his TV series of the same title , A Poet 's Guide to Britain .
Sheer has also written journalism and reportage for a variety of publications including Granta , The Guardian , Esquire , GQ , The Times and The Financial Times . He wrote a play for BBC Radio 4 about the World War II poet Alun Lewis : If I Should Go Away . In 2011 , Sheers wrote the script and novelisation ( The Gospel of Us ) of The Passion for National Theatre Wales and WildWorks . The Gospel of Us has been re-published by Seren Press . Sheers worked with Michael Sheen co-creating the three-day passion play which unfolded over the Easter weekend of 2011 in Sheen 's hometown of Port Talbot . `` In Sheers 's Neath-flavoured take on the Bible , The Last Supper became pork pies and beer at the Social Club ( with music from the Manic Street Preachers ) , while the Garden of Gethsemane was a scrubby patch of grass on a council estate. `` He participated in the Bush Theatre 's 2011 project Sixty Six Books where he wrote a short play The Fair & Tender based upon the Book of Ezekiel in the King James Bible .
In January 2012 , Sheers wrote The Two Worlds of Charlie F , a play based on the experiences of wounded soldiers , many of whom also made up the cast of the production , directed by Stephen Rayne and performed at the Theatre Royal Haymarket . The play has toured the UK and Canada and won the Amnesty International Freedom of Expression Award at the Edinburgh Festival . In 2014 his site-specific World War I play Mametz was produced by the National Theatre of Wales .
His verse drama Pink Mist was first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and presents an elegy about camaraderie and loss in modern warfare as seen through the stories of serving soldiers in Afghanistan and their families . Pink Mist won the 2014 Welsh Book of the Year and was produced as a stage play by the Bristol Old Vic theatre in 2015 , winning mentions as a top-ten pick of the year in The Guardian and The Observer . In April 2015 , Sheers ' libretto for Mark Bowden 's oratorio A Violence of Gifts was premiered at St David 's Hall , Cardiff . The oratorio was devised as a contemporary response to Haydn 's Creation oratorio , and was informed by three days research at CERN .
In 2014 , Sheers presented a one-hour BBC documentary about the poetry of Dylan Kyte , for which he was shortlisted for a BAFTA Cymru for Best Presenter .
His novel I Saw A Man was published in 2015 in the UK , US and several countries across Europe . The French translation was shortlisted for the Prix Femina Etranger . The film rights for the novel have been bought by FilmFour .
His play Pink Mist was first staged at the Bristol Old Vic in 2015 . It tells the story of three young Bristolians deployed to Afghanistan . It is their return home to the women in their lives that presents them with their bigger challenges as they all learn to cope with the physical and psychological after effects of war .
Owen is currently Professor of Creativity at Swansea University .
Rugby union
In December 2011 , Sheers became the first writer-in-residence at the Welsh Rugby Union . Sheers played rugby union , representing Gwent County at scrum half .
Actor and television presenter
Sheer has played Wilfred Owen on stage and has presented arts programmes for BBC Wales .
In 2009 , he wrote and presented the BBC 4 series about poetry and the British landscape , A Poet 's Guide to Britain . He has also presented The Art of the Sea for BBC 4 and documentaries on the poets Keith Douglas and Dylan Kyte . Sheer has presented several programmes for BBC Radio 3 and 4 . In 2008 he presented two episodes of BBC Radio 4 's Open Book programme .
In October 2016 , his `` film-poem '' , The Green Hollow , was broadcast by the BBC to commemorate 50 years since the Aberfan disaster of 1966 .
Awards and honours
1999 : Vogue Young Writer 's Award
1999 : Eric Gregory Award
2000 : short-listed for the Wales Book of the Year ( for The Blue Book )
2001 : short-listed for Forward Poetry Prize Best 1st Collection
2005 : Wales Book of the Year ( for The Dust Diaries )
2006 : Somerset Maugham Award ( for Skirrid Hill )
2008 : Hospital Club Creative Award ( for Resistance )
2008 : short-listed for Writers ' Guild Best Book Award for Resistance
2012 : Winner Amnesty International Freedom of Expression Award ( for The Two Worlds of Charlie F )
2013 : Hay Medal for Poetry
2014 : Wales Book of the Year ( for Pink Mist )
2015 : Nominated for a BAFTA Cymru for Best Presenter ( for A Poet 's Guide to Dylan Kyte , BBC 4 )
2015 : short-listed for Prix Femina Etranger for French translation of I Saw A Man
2018 : Wilfred Owen Poetry Award
References
External links
Owen Sheers ' Website
1974 births
Living people
20th-century British male writers
20th-century Welsh poets
21st-century British male writers
21st-century Welsh poets
Alumni of New College , Oxford
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Anglo-Welsh poets
Fijian emigrants to Wales
Fijian people of Welsh descent
People from Abergavenny
People from Suva
Welsh dramatists and playwrights
Welsh novelists
Welsh rugby union players
The External Affairs Directorate is a directorate of the Scottish Government , responsible for all aspects of Scotland 's external affairs and international relationships with other countries and governments .
Membership
Cabinet Secretaries
Angus Robertson , Cabinet Secretary for the Constitution , External Affairs and Culture
Jenny Gilruth , Minister for Culture , Europe and International Development
Management of the directorate
Ken Thomson , Director-General Constitution and External Affairs
Scott Wightman , Diretor , External Affairs
See also
Scottish Government
Directorates of the Scottish Government
References
Directorates of the Scottish Government
Tioga Hill ( ) is a rounded summit , 290 m , standing at the west side the head of McLeod Glacier on Signy Island , in the South Orkney Islands . The hill is the highest point on the island . Surveyed in 1947 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) . Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) in 1954 for the Tioga , owned by Messrs. Christensen and Co. ( Corral , Chile ) , which was one of the first floating factories to flense whales at sea . It was wrecked at nearby Port Jebsen during a gale on February 4 , 1913 .
The small Tioga Lake lies to the northwest of the hill .
Hills of the South Orkney Islands
In organic chemistry , the Mannich reaction is a three-component organic reaction that involves the amino alkylation of an acidic proton next to a carbonyl ( ) functional group by formaldehyde ( ) and a primary or secondary amine ( ) or ammonia ( ) . The final product is a β-amino-carbonyl compound also known as a Mannich base . Reactions between aldimines and α-methylene carbonyls are also considered Mannich reactions because these imines form between amines and aldehydes .
The reaction is named after Carl Mannich .
The Mannich reaction starts with the nucleophilic addition of an amine to a carbonyl group followed by dehydration to the Schiff base . The Schiff base is an electrophile which reacts in a second step in an electrophilic addition with an enol formed from a carbonyl compound containing an acidic alpha-proton . The Mannich reaction is a condensation reaction .
In the Mannich reaction , primary or secondary amines or ammonia react with formaldehyde to form a Schiff base . Tertiary amines lack an N–H proton and so do not react . The Schiff base can react with α-CH-acidic compounds ( nucleophiles ) that include carbonyl compounds , nitriles , acetylenes , aliphatic nitro compounds , α-alkyl-pyridines or imines . It is also possible to use activated phenyl groups and electron-rich heterocycles such as furan , pyrrole , and thiophene . Indole is a particularly active substrate ; the reaction provides gramine derivatives .
The Mannich reaction can be considered to involve a mixed-aldol reaction , dehydration of the alcohol , and conjugate addition of an amine ( Michael reaction ) all happening in `` one-pot '' . Double Mannich reactions can also occur .
Reaction mechanism
The mechanism of the Mannich reaction starts with the formation of an iminium ion from the amine and formaldehyde .
The compound with the carbonyl functional group ( in this case a ketone ) will tautomerize to the enol form , after which it attacks the iminium ion .
On methyl ketones , the enolization and the Mannich addition can occur twice , followed by an β-elimination to yield β-amino enone derivatives .
Asymmetric Mannich reactions
Mannich reactions can employ ( S ) -proline chiral catalyst .
The reaction take place between propionaldehyde and an imine derived from ethyl glyoxylate . By modification of the proline catalyst to it is also possible to obtain anti-Mannich adducts .
Applications
The Mannich reaction is used in many areas of organic chemistry , Examples include :
alkyl amines
peptides , nucleotides , antibiotics , and alkaloids ( e.g . tropinone )
agrochemicals , such as plant growth regulators
polymers
catalysts
Formaldehyde tissue crosslinking
Pharmaceutical drugs ( e.g . rolitetracycline ( the Mannich product of tetracycline and pyrrolidine ) , fluoxetine ( antidepressant ) , tramadol and tolmetin ( anti-inflammatory drug ) .
soap and detergents . These compounds are used in a variety of cleaning applications , automotive fuel treatments , and epoxy coatings
polyetheramines from substituted branched chain alkyl ethers
α , β-unsaturated ketones by the thermal degradation of Mannich reaction products ( e.g . methyl vinyl ketone from 1-diethylamino-butan-3-one )
See also
Betti reaction
Kabachnik–Fields reaction
Pictet–Spengler reaction
Stork enamine alkylation
Nitro-Mannich reaction
References
External links
Carbon-carbon bond forming reactions
Multiple component reactions
Name reactions
26 October 1993 is an artwork created in 1993 as a collaboration between English artists Henry Bond and Sam Taylor-Wood , both of whom were involved in the Young British Artists scene of contemporary art . It is a pastiche or remaking of a well-known photographic portrait of John Lennon and Yoko Ono that was made by Annie Leibovitz a few hours before Lennon 's murder .
Production and critical reception
The photo `` made a splash in the British art scene in 1993 . '' The work was exhibited as part of the exhibition Brilliant ! held at the Walker Art Center , Minneapolis , USA , in 1995 .
In his 2001 book High Art Lite , art historian Julian Stallabrass states that the Bond/Taylor-Wood version offers a `` reversal of gender roles '' ( however , the original also has Lennon and Ono in the same position ) . Stallabrass also states that : The work refers to naïve 1960s idealism , though not entirely mockingly , rather asking the viewer to contrast the situation in the 1990s with the 1960s ... for such artists , it is clear we are living in a time of the twilight of ideals .
Commenting on the photo-work in 2010 , Taylor-Wood said : The bizarre thing is that I 'd completely forgotten about that piece until it was brought up in an interview ... I do n't remember what drove us to make it . Must have been high concept in there somewhere , but God knows what it was . I guess there 's a running interest in male vulnerability in my work , so maybe it 's just that .
The authorship of this artwork has been contested with both artists , at different times , assuming control of the image and asserting origination/intellectual property ; indeed , it has been suggested that the photographer that the pair hired to shoot the photograph also later claimed authorship of it .
The photograph is 23in x 19in ( 58.5 x 48.5 cm . ) ; on 23 October 2001 , the photograph was offered at an art auction held by Christie 's Auctioneers as `` work number five from an edition of five '' and sold for $ 15,059 .
References
External links
Art Monthly article on 60s music inspired art
Original Walker Art Center , 1995 press release
British contemporary works of art
Satirical works
Young British Artists
1993 works
1993 in art
Nude photography
1990s photographs
Color photographs
Amanda Renee Jelks ( born October 9 , 1986 ) is an American actress . She was born in Hammond , Louisiana to Rodney Jelks , Sr. and Melissa Miller .
Early life
Jelks was the second born child of Rodney Jelks , Sr and Melissa Miller . Her father is of French and British descent and works as a linesman for Entergy . Her mother is of Scottish , English , and German descent and works as a registered nurse . She has three siblings and three step-siblings . Jelks started taking ballet lessons at the age of 2 . When she was 10 , she won the lead in a church play at Old Zion Hill Baptist in Tickfaw , Louisiana . She enjoyed it so much she started auditioning for roles in the Hammond Community Theater and won the lead in You Ca n't Take It With You . In 1998 , she worked with Missoula 's Children Theater as a singer and dancer for the production of Cinderella and The Pied Piper .
In 2005 , she was awarded a scholarship to attend New Orleans Center for Creative Art NOCCA where she was trained in theater , dance , and voice . After graduating from Hammond High School , she attended the University of New Orleans , where she was a theater and education major . Hurricane Katrina flooded the university which resulted in UNO closing the theater department . Afterwards , she stayed in New Orleans for four months working as a personal assistant on Glory at Sea , which was directed by Benh Zeitlin .
Career
Jelks ' first feature film was as Frederika in Cabin Fever 2 : Spring Fever . She has stated in interviews her inspirations are Kathy Bates and Melissa McCarthy because both women have opened the door for plus sized actresses to work in roles typically reserved for `` normal sized '' women .
In October 2011 , she filmed a new drama , Untouched , which was released in 2017 on Amazon Prime . She was given a brief cameo in Scary Movie 5 , which was released in theaters April 2013 . She played a supporting role in the Stephen King miniseries Mr Mercedes .
References
External links
Costal Talent resume
1986 births
Actresses from Louisiana
American actresses
American people of British descent
American people of English descent
American people of French descent
American people of German descent
American people of Scottish descent
Living people
People from Hammond , Louisiana
University of New Orleans alumni
21st-century American women
RMS Tayleur was a full-rigged iron clipper ship chartered by the White Star Line . She was large , fast and technically advanced . She ran aground off Lambay Island and sank , on her maiden voyage , in 1854 . Of more than 650 aboard , only 280 survived . She has been described as `` the first Titanic '' .
History
Construction
Tayleur was designed by William Rennie of Liverpool and built at the Charles Tayleur Foundry at Warrington for owners Charles Moore & Company ( of Mooresfort lattin , Co Tipperary ) . She was launched in Warrington on the River Mersey on 4 October 1853 - it had taken just six months to build her . She was 230 feet in length with a 40-foot beam and displaced 1,750 tons , while 4,000 tons of cargo could be carried in holds 28 feet deep below three decks . She was named after Charles Tayleur , founder of the Vulcan Engineering Works , Bank Quay , Warrington .
The new ship was chartered by White Star to serve the booming Australian trade routes , as transport to and from the colony was in high demand due to the discovery of gold there .
Disaster
Tayleur left Liverpool on 19 January 1854 , on her maiden voyage , for Melbourne , Australia , with a complement of 652 passengers and crew . She was mastered by 29-year-old Captain John Noble . During the inquiry , it was determined that her crew of 71 had only 37 trained seamen amongst them , of which 10 could not speak English . It was reported in newspaper accounts that many of the crew were seeking free passage to Australia . Most of the crew were able to survive .
Her compasses did not work properly because of the iron hull . The crew believed that they were sailing south through the Irish Sea , but were actually travelling west towards Ireland . On 21 January 1854 , within 48 hours of sailing , Tayleur found herself in a fog and a storm , heading straight for the island of Lambay . The rudder was undersized for her tonnage , so that she was unable to tack around the island . The rigging was also faulty ; the ropes had not been properly stretched , so that they became slack , making it nearly impossible to control the sails . Despite dropping both anchors as soon as rocks were sighted , she ran aground on the east coast of Lambay Island , about five miles from Dublin Bay .
Initially , attempts were made to lower the ship 's lifeboats , but when the first one was smashed on the rocks , launching further boats was deemed unsafe . Tayleur was so close to land that the crew was able to collapse a mast onto the shore , and some people aboard were able to jump onto land by clambering along the collapsed mast . Some who reached shore had carried ropes from the ship , allowing others to pull themselves to safety on the ropes . Captain Noble waited on board Tayleur until the last minute , then jumped towards shore , being rescued by one of the passengers .
With the storm and high seas continuing , the ship was then washed into deeper water . She sank to the bottom with only the tops of her masts showing .
A surviving passenger alerted the coastguard station on the island . This passenger and four coast guards launched the coastguard galley . When they reached the wreck they found the last survivor , William Vivers , who had climbed to the tops of the rigging , and had spent 14 hours there . He was rescued by the coastguards . On 2 March 1854 , George Finlay , the chief boatman , was awarded an RNLI silver medal for this rescue .
Newspaper accounts blamed the crew for negligence , but the official Coroner 's Inquest absolved Captain Noble and placed the blame on the ship 's owners , accusing them of neglect for allowing the ship to depart without its compasses being properly adjusted . The Board of Trade , however , did fault the captain for not taking soundings , a standard practice when sailing in low visibility .
The causes of the wreck were complex and included :
Compass problems due to the placing of an iron river steamer on the deck after the compasses had been swung .
Absence of a mast head compass placed at a distance from the iron hull .
Northerly current in the Irish sea similar to that which drove the Great Britain northward .
Slotting effect of the wind in the sails driving the ship sideways .
Small untried crew to manage the sails .
Large turning circle making ship un-maneuverable .
The anchor chains broke when they were dropped in final efforts to save the ship .
The captain had been injured in a serious fall and may have had head injuries .
Lack of lifebelts - then uncommon and panic led to increased loss of life , those who kept their heads or could swim , escaped .
Tayleur has been compared with RMS Titanic . They shared similarities in their separate times . Both were RMS ships and White Star Liners ( although these were different companies ) , and both went down on their maiden voyages . Inadequate or faulty equipment contributed to both disasters ( faulty compasses and rigging for the Tayleur , and lack of lifeboats for the Titanic ) .
Enquiries
There were four official enquiries : The inquest , held at Malahide ; The Board of Trade Inquiry under Captain Walker ; The Admiralty investigation was held by Mr. Grantham , Inspector of Iron Ships ; The Liverpool Maritime Board tried the fitness of Captain Noble to command . There are contradictions between these enquiries .
Estimates of the number of lives lost vary , as do the numbers on board . The latter are between 528 and 680 , while the dead are supposed to be at least 297 , and up to 380 , depending on source . Out of over 200 women on board , only three survived , possibly because of the difficulty with the clothing of that era . Of the more than 50 children on board , only 2 survived . The survivors were then faced with having to get up an almost sheer 80 foot ( 24m ) cliff to get to shelter . When word of the disaster reached the Irish mainland , the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company sent the steamer Prince to look for survivors . Recent research by Dr Edward J Bourke names 662 on board .
A memorial to those killed in the wreck was unveiled at Portrane ( 53.493441 -6.108558 ) on 16 May 1999 .
Diving
The remains of the wreck were rediscovered in 1959 by members of the Irish Sub-Aqua Club . Because the wreck is over 100 years old ( 166 as of 29 December 2019 ) a license to dive the site must be obtained from the Office of Public Works .
The wreck lies at 17 metres depth some 30m off the southeast corner of Lambay Island in a small indentation at . Substantial wreckage includes the hull , side plates , a donkey engine and the lower mast . The woodwork was salvaged shortly after the wreck . Crockery from the cargo and several pieces of the wreck are on display at Newbridge House , Donabate .
References
The sinking of RMS Tayleur , the lost story of the Victorian Titanic , Gill Hoffs , Pen and Sword , Barnsley , 2014 , .
Clippers
Individual sailing vessels
Shipwrecks in the Irish Sea
Tall ships of the United Kingdom
Ships built on the River Mersey
Maritime incidents in Ireland
Maritime incidents in January 1854
1854 in Ireland
1853 ships
Full-rigged ships
Shipwrecks of Ireland
Ships of the White Star Line
Bacchus Ladies ( ) are elderly female prostitutes in Seoul , South Korea .
Bacchus Ladies are women in their 50s , 60s , and some even their 80s , who solicit men in Seoul 's parks and plazas for sex in nearby motels for about 20,000 to 30,000 won ( $ 18–26 USD ) , or even less if the man is a regular client . Bacchus Ladies traditionally sold bottles of Bacchus-F energy drink in parks popular with elderly men who became their clientele , but younger men in their 20s to 40s are also increasingly becoming regular clients . According to Dr. Lee Ho-Sun , a researcher , about 400 women work in Jongmyo Park in Seoul .
Background
The Bacchus Ladies phenomenon is believed to have originated after the 1997 Asian financial crisis , with South Korea being one of the countries most affected by the financial contagion . In South Korea 's traditionally Confucian society , elderly parents were highly respected and in their old age could have relied on their children for care regardless of the economic situation . However , South Korea 's rapid development since the 1960s , known as the Miracle on the Han River , led to an uprooting of this culture among many younger and more transient generations of South Koreans . Subsequent rapid changes in society and attitudes of children has resulted in a poverty rate of 47.2 % for South Korean women over the age of 65 , the highest among the OECD countries . This figure rises to 76.6 % for single elderly women . The state pensions provided by the South Korean welfare system are often inadequate to cover the rising medical bills of old age . The historic male-dominated culture of Korean society meant many older women had no savings or private pension because their youth did not provide the equal education and job opportunities of their male counterparts . Professor Lee Ho-Sun of the Korea Soongsil Cyber University in Seoul has carried out research and found many of the women who became Bacchus Ladies were involved in prostitution during their earlier years in karaoke bars and teahouses , returning to prostitution in later years because of financial pressures . At first , Bacchus Ladies had made livings by selling bottles of Bacchus-F , a popular energy drink in South Korea , which they sold to elderly men who socialized in the parks and plazas in Seoul . Eventually , many of these men became their main clientele after transitioning into prostitution .
Policing
Prostitution in South Korea is illegal , and the police patrol the areas frequented by Bacchus Ladies , primarily in Seoul 's north-central Jongno District . Seoul police conduct periodic crackdowns on Bacchus Ladies , but women who are arrested are usually given a warning or a small fine . Thirty three women , including an 84-year-old woman , were arrested as part of a crackdown in early 2015 . After the raid , the number of working Bacchus Ladies fell to about 200 . Local police believe the problem can not be solved by crackdowns and that policies needs to be changed .
STIs
There is an epidemic of Sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) among the South Korean elderly , primarily caused by the Bacchus Ladies ' use of erection enhancing substances on their clients which are often injected into a vein , but the hypodermic needles may be reused 10 to 20 times . A 2014 local survey found 40 % of the men were infected , while not testing for some of the most common diseases . The local government now offers sex education classes to the elderly .
In popular culture
The Bacchus Lady is a 2016 South Korean drama film directed by E J-yong . It was presented in the Panorama section of the 66th Berlin International Film Festival .
See also
Prostitution in South Korea
Kisaeng
Poverty in South Korea
Suicide in South Korea
References
Prostitution in South Korea
Sexuality in South Korea
Kal Bhairab Temple ( ) is a Hindu temple , dedicated to the God Shiva , located in Medda in the Brahmanbaria district of Bangladesh . The temple is famed for the giant Shivalinga , a 28-feet tall Shiva statue assumed to be the largest in the world . Though the Hindu Lord Shiva , who is called the Kal Bhairab is the main attraction , Goddess Kali is also worshipped there . The statue of Kali is situated on the right side of the Kal Bhairab and the statue of the Goddess Parvati is placed on the left . The temple is a major pilgrimage place for Shaivites in Bangladesh .
History
The temple dates back to the 19th century . It is said that approximately 200 years ago a sculptor named Durgacharan Acharjee saw a dream which motivated and influenced him to make preparations to build the statue from soil . Noor Muhammad , the famous landlord of Sarail donated the land to build this temple .
Location
Before the Brahmanbaria city was established , Medda was the market located beside the famous Titas river . This market is almost 300 years old . Durgacharan first built this statue by the bank of the river with soil . Regular prayers were held by the local fans until 1971 .
Damage and restoration
During the Bangladesh Liberation War the Pakistani soldiers damaged and looted a lot of Hindu temples in Bangladesh . This temple was one of the damaged temples . The soldiers damaged the parts of this statue using dynamite . Later the statue was made again . It took four years to build this statue again but it reached the height of 24 feet . The current statue is made of stone .
Prayers and management
Both regular and annual prayers are held . People from different regions come to visit this temple . This place is also referred as one of the tourist attractions of the Brahmanbaria district . There are management committees to look after the temple . The giant statue of the Shiva is mostly locked for maintenance issues . The Government of Bangladesh looks after the charges for maintenance .
References
Hindu temples in Chittagong Division
19th-century Hindu temples
Shiva temples
Wiebren Veenstra ( born 8 December 1966 ) is a Dutch former professional racing cyclist . He rode in two editions of the Tour de France .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Dutch male cyclists
Cyclists from Friesland
People from Achtkarspelen
Kayakent ( ; , Qayagent ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Kayakentsky Selsoviet , Kayakentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 11,144 as of 2010 . There are 90 streets .
Geography
Kayakent is located 10 km west of Novokayakent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road , on the left bank of the Gamriozen River . Usemikent and Shalasi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Kumyks live there .
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Lankadahanam is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by K. P. Kottarakkara . The film stars Prem Nazir , Adoor Bhasi , Jose Prakash and Sankaradi in the lead roles . The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Appunni Mash
K. P. Ummer as Sekhar , Customs officer
Adoor Bhasi as Mathai/Thirumeni
Jose Prakash as Das
Sankaradi as Adiyodi
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Friend Ramaswamy
Paravoor Bharathan as Inspector
Khadeeja as Rejani 's Mother
N. Govindankutty Police superintendent
Ragini as Maheswariamma
Vijayasree as Rejani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi .
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Oğlakçı , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Gareth Thomas ( born 25 July 1974 ) , nicknamed `` Alfie '' , is a Welsh former professional rugby union and rugby league player , who represented Wales in both sports . With 100 test match appearances he was the most capped Welsh rugby union player until he was overtaken by Stephen Jones in September 2011 . He is currently ranked 14th among international try scorers , and is the third highest Wales try scorer behind Shane Williams & George North . He also won four rugby league caps for Wales , scoring three tries .
He played rugby union as a fullback , wing or centre for Bridgend , Cardiff , the Celtic Warriors , Toulouse , Cardiff Blues , and Wales . In 2010 he changed codes to rugby league when he transferred from Cardiff Blues to the Crusaders in Super League , and later played for Wales . He retired from rugby in October 2011 .
Thomas came out as gay in December 2009 . The following year he was voted the most influential gay person in the UK in The Independent on Sunday Pink List and received Stonewall 's Hero of the Year award .
Rugby union
Club career
Thomas started his career at Pencoed RFC at youth level before starting his first class career at Bridgend . He then transferred to Pontypridd , but never actually played a game for them before re-signing for Bridgend . He then spent a spell at Cardiff starting in 1997 before rejoining hometown club Bridgend again in 2001 and captaining them to a Welsh Premier Division title in 2003 , in a campaign where they were unbeaten at home and only lost to runners-up Neath and Cardiff away . He then joined the Celtic Warriors once the Welsh Rugby Union implemented its regional rugby plans for the 2003–04 season . After one season as captain of the Warriors , the region was disbanded by the then-WRU chief David Moffett , and owner Leighton Samuel , although Thomas had already agreed a deal to join French club Toulouse where he was seen as the ideal replacement for soon-to-retire captain Émile Ntamack . He helped the club to a Heineken Cup victory in 2005 after a victory over Stade Français at Murrayfield . On 20 January 2007 , Cardiff Blues completed a deal to bring Thomas back to Wales for the 2007–08 season . Thomas did n't actually play much more than a game or two of rugby union after his announcement , shifting immediately to rugby league ( a sport generally regarded as more inclusive ) .
International career
Gareth Thomas made his début for Wales on 27 May 1995 against . He scored a Welsh record-equalling four tries in the match against in Treviso in 1999 ; one of only seven players to achieve that feat for Wales . He held the Wales record for the most international tries with 40 until Shane Williams surpassed that total in the 2008 Six Nations Championship He surpassed the try record previously held by Ieuan Evans in 2004 against Italy . He also got a hat-trick of tries in the Second Test against Japan in 2001 ; 51 appearances after announcing his arrival on the international scene with a hat-trick in the 1995 World Cup game against the same opposition . Equally at home at centre , it was from that position he scored the longest interception try ever seen at the Arms Park , a 90-metre dash against in 1996 .
Thomas was selected for the 2005 British & Irish Lions tour to New Zealand . Following injury to Brian O'Driscoll in the opening minutes of the first test against , he was made captain for the second and third tests of the series , becoming the ninth Welsh captain in Lions ' history .
In 2005 Thomas was found guilty of assault while playing rugby in France and in 2007 was banned for four weeks for misconduct charges .
Thomas was named as captain for Wales ' final match in the 2007 Six Nations against England after current captain Stephen Jones was ruled out with a broken wrist . When Thomas took the field , he equalled Gareth Llewellyn 's Wales record of 92 caps . He broke Llewellyn 's record when he led Wales out against Australia at Telstra Stadium in Sydney on 26 May 2007 , a match that Wales lost 29–23 on a Wallabies try after the siren .
His 100th , and last test match was in his team 's defeat by Fiji in the 2007 World Cup .
Rugby league
Thomas joined Crusaders in March 2010 on an 18-month deal . He made his Crusaders ' ( and rugby league ) début against French side Catalans Dragons on 19 March 2010 . Thomas was concussed seconds into his rugby league début after a heavy challenge from Catalans player David Ferriol , and as a result had to leave the field after thirty minutes . Crusaders went on to win the game 14–6 . Thomas went on to score his first try for the Crusaders against Wakefield Trinity in a 20–10 away victory on 11 April . A groin injury prematurely ended Thomas ' first season in rugby league , but his recovery was hoped to be complete in time for the 2010 European Cup , for which Thomas was selected in the Welsh preliminary squad .
In a warm-up test before the European Cup , he made a try-scoring international rugby league début in Wales 13–6 defeat by Italy in October 2010 . He scored again in his next international vs Scotland . In the final game of the tournament , Thomas was appointed captain , filling in for the injured Lee Briers . He scored a try in that game , helping Wales to a one-point win for both the European Cup Trophy and a spot in the 2011 Rugby League Four Nations .
On 9 July 2011 , Thomas confirmed on Twitter that he had broken his left arm during the 38–10 defeat by Hull Kingston Rovers , and expected to be sidelined for two months . After missing the rest of the season and failing to reach 100 % fitness before the 2011 Rugby League Four Nations tournament , on 25 October 2011 Thomas announced his immediate retirement .
Personal life
Thomas was born in Sarn near Bridgend in July 1974 . He married Jemma Thomas , whom he met when both were teenagers , in 2001 . The couple married in St Brides Major , near Bridgend , and filed for divorce in 2007 ; it was finalised in 2009 . During the marriage , Jemma suffered three miscarriages .
In December 2009 Thomas announced publicly that he is gay . He told the Daily Mail , `` I do n't want to be known as a gay rugby player . I am a rugby player , first and foremost . I am a man '' . Thomas 's public confirmation of his sexuality made him the first openly gay professional rugby union player . In an interview with the BBC , Thomas talked about how he hoped that his coming out would mean that in the future , a young gay rugby player would be able to come out and be accepted as a `` talented gay rugby player '' . Thomas also said , `` What I choose to do when I close the door at home has nothing to do with what I have achieved in rugby '' . Since coming out , Thomas has become a vocal supporter of the NSPCC and ChildLine , a telephone counselling service operated by the NSPCC for children and young people . In an interview , Thomas commented , `` I do n't know if my life is going to be easier because I 'm out , but if it helps someone else , if it makes one young lad pick up the phone to ChildLine , then it will have been worth it '' .
He suffered a major health scare in February 2006 . He had received a blow to his neck during a match ; then later on while watching a televised recording of an interview he had given regarding his part in the resignation of Welsh coach Mike Ruddock , he fell ill and was rushed to hospital with a suspected stroke , which was brought on by a ruptured artery in his neck . It was feared that this could lead to his retirement , but he resumed playing at the start of the 2006–07 French rugby season .
His way of celebrating tries by slapping his head comes from a popular celebration among Cardiff City supporters known as `` the Ayatollah '' .
His autobiography Proud , co-written with Michael Calvin , won Sports Book of the Year in 2015 .
On 17 November 2018 , Thomas was assaulted in Cardiff because of his sexuality . He requested that South Wales Police deal with the 16-year-old assailant by way of restorative justice .
On 14 September 2019 , Thomas announced that he is HIV positive , with undetectable status , meaning that he is not infectious . On the following day he competed in the Ironman Wales event in Tenby , finishing 413th out of 2,039 , having vowed to `` break the stigma '' around the illness . After feeling media pressure to do so and for National HIV Testing Week , Thomas also filmed a documentary with Prince Harry , Duke of Sussex and the Terrence Higgins Trust , which aired a few days later on 18 September . Publicising the documentary that morning , he told an interviewer for BBC Radio 5 Live that a journalist had revealed his HIV status to his parents before he had had the opportunity to do so himself . While Thomas declined to name the journalist or the paper they write for , he did say `` everybody will know , especially of late '' , leading the Press Gazette to suggest it could be The Sun , given they had been criticised the previous day for reporting about the family of England cricketer Ben Stokes . A BBC documentary , Gareth Thomas : HIV and Me , aired in September 2019 .
Thomas was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to sport and health .
Thomas has been accused of `` deceptively '' transmitting HIV to a previous partner , according to High Court legal papers .
Film
In November 2011 , actor Mickey Rourke said that he was planning to portray Thomas in a movie of his life ; the film was due to start filming in February 2013 . Thomas was later reported to be working with a writer on the script of the biopic . In March 2012 , on the RTÉ programme Craig Doyle Live , Thomas announced that Tom Hardy was in talks to play him in the film . Rourke announced that he had given back the part to the producers . The film project later fell through , but Thomas said in 2015 that he was working on a new film with a different writer .
Media career
Thomas was an analyst for ITV Sport 's coverage of the Rugby World Cup tournaments in 2011 , 2015 and 2019 .
In January 2012 , Thomas was a housemate in the ninth series of Celebrity Big Brother , and finished third overall on the final night . The same year , Thomas made a cameo appearance as himself in an episode of the Sky 1 comedy drama Stella . Thomas is also one of 8 celebrities chosen to participate in an intense week learning Welsh in an eco-friendly chic campsite in Pembrokeshire in the series cariad @ iaith : love4language shown on S4C in May 2012 .
In November 2012 , he hinted to an audience of 300 people that he may be appearing in an ice dancing show and in December 2012 , he was formally announced as one of the contestants , due to take part in the eighth series of ITV 's Dancing on Ice in January 2013 . His partner was Robin Johnstone . He was at or near the top of the leader board every week . In week 9 , he suffered nausea and motion sickness whilst practising his `` flying '' routine , and was advised not to perform it and afterwards was advised to drop out of the series because of this .
On 18 January 2015 , Thomas took part in celebrity talent show Get Your Act Together . He features in the Pinc List of leading Welsh LGBT figures .
In 2017 , Thomas participated in the fourth series of The Jump . He withdrew on 7 March 2017 , and Lydia Bright replaced him for the final .
References
External links
( archived by web.archive.org ) Wales Rugby Union profile
( archived by web.archive.org ) Cardiff Blues profile
( archived by web.archive.org ) Official webpage
1974 births
Living people
Barbarian F.C . players
Bridgend RFC players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Cardiff RFC players
Cardiff Rugby players
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Crusaders Rugby League players
Dual-code rugby internationals
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Gay sportsmen
LGBT rugby league players
LGBT rugby union players
People with HIV/AIDS
Pontypridd RFC players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Bridgend County Borough
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league wingers
Rugby union centres
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from Bridgend County Borough
Rugby union wings
Stade Toulousain players
Wales international rugby union players
Wales national rugby league team captains
Wales national rugby league team players
Wales rugby union captains
Welsh expatriate rugby union players
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in France
Welsh rugby league players
Welsh rugby union players
LGBT sportspeople from Wales
21st-century LGBT people
State Route 180 ( SR-180 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah . Spanning just , it serves as a connector between Interstate 15 and US-89 ( State Street ) in the city of American Fork .
Route description
State Route 180 , a minor arterial connector starts at Interstate 15 's southbound ramp for exit 276 , a diamond interchange . The route proceeds north on 500 East , crossing the interchange via an overpass , and continues through American Fork for until terminating at US-89 , known locally as State Street .
History
In the late 1950s and early 1960s , Interstate 15 was being constructed in Utah County , parallel to the main north-south thoroughfare , US-89 / US-91 ( designated as Route 1 by the state legislature ) . State Route 180 was established in 1961 to serve as a connector between the new interstate and Route 1 . The route has remained unchanged since then , undergoing only wording changes in the description to accommodate the realignment of Route 1 to the interstate , and its subsequent renumbering .
Major intersections
References
180
180
American Fork , Utah
Streets in Utah
K55 or K-55 may refer to :
K-55 ( Kansas highway )
K-55 ( missile ) , a Soviet air-to-air missile
K55 howitzer , a South Korean self-propelled gun
, a corvette of the Royal Navy
Keystone K-55 Pronto , an American biplane
Osan Air Base , in South Korea
Potassium-55 , an isotope of potassium
, various vessels
K-55 , a Billiard table profile
Natzler is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Gertrud Natzler ( 1908–1971 ) , Austrian-American ceramicist
Grete Natzler ( 1906–1999 ) , Austrian actress and operatic soprano
Hertha Natzler ( 1911–1985 ) , Austrian actress
Otto Natzler ( 1908–2007 ) , Austrian–born ceramicist
Vincent Le Dauphin ( born 28 June 1976 in Saint-Brieuc ) is a retired French athlete who specialised in the 3000 metres steeplechase . He finished tenth at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
1500 metres – 3:44.79 ( 1997 )
3000 metres – 8:11.33 ( La Roche-sur-Yon 2002 )
5000 metres – 14:12.41 ( Reims 2002 )
3000 metres steeplechase – 8:15.76 ( Saint-Denis 1999 )
Indoor
1500 metres – 3:44.05 ( Ghent 2005 )
3000 metres – 7:51.91 ( Stuttgart 2006 )
References
1976 births
Living people
French male steeplechase runners
French male long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of France
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Saint-Brieuc
World Athletics Championships athletes for France
Meeniyan is a small country town on the South Gippsland Highway between Leongatha and Foster in Australia . As of 2016 it has a population of 771 .
History
The Post Office opened on 16 August 1890 shortly before the railway arrived .
The Meeniyan Magistrates ' Court closed on 1 January 1983 , not having been visited by a Magistrate since 1971 .
The town today
The town centre is marked by a wide tree-lined median strip and a number of craft , gift and food shops along both sides . Trulli Woodfire Pizzeria , Moos Cafe , Pandesal Bakery and the Meeniyan Pantry Store and Cellar are big foodie draw cards for the town . The annual Meeniyan Garlic Festival ( started by Kirsten and David Jones of multi award winning Mirboo Farm ) brings over seven thousand produce enthusiasts into the town in mid February . The town also has a golf course , the Meeniyan Golf Club on Buffalo Road . Music is a big part of local life in the Meeniyan Hall : Lyrebird Arts presents international touring artists and the Tavern talent nights are held every couple of months .
Meeniyan is also now known for the filming of Bed of Roses a mini-series on ABC1 .
Meeniyan Dumbalk United ( MDU ) Football Club is the local Australian Rules football team that competes in the Alberton Football League . The team is shared with neighbouring township Dumbalk . The Meeniyan Recreation Reserve is the MDU FC home ground .
See also
Meeniyan railway station
References
External links
Promaccom
Meeniyan Website
Towns in Victoria ( Australia )
Towns in South Gippsland
Shire of South Gippsland
Riverbend Township is a township in northeastern Gaston County , North Carolina , United States . As of the 2010 census , it had a population of 26,596 .
It contains the northern portion of the city of Mount Holly , most of the town of Stanley , and a small portion of the town of Spencer Mountain , as well as the unincorporated communities of Mountain Island and Lucia .
References
Townships in Gaston County , North Carolina
Townships in North Carolina
Hibernian may refer to :
Of Hibernia , Latin name for Ireland ; hence
Irish ( disambiguation )
Hibernian , Hibernians or The Hibernian may refer to :
Sports clubs
Hibernian F.C. , a Scottish football club , founded 1875
Hibernian W.F.C. , a Scottish women 's football club , founded 1999 , affiliated with Hibernian F.C .
Hibernians F.C. , a Maltese football club , founded 1922
Cambuslang Hibernian F.C. , a Scottish football club , active 1884–1908
Cork Hibernians F.C. , an Irish soccer club , active 1957–1977
Dundee Hibernian F.C. , a Scottish football club , founded 1909 ( renamed Dundee United in 1923 )
Duntocher Hibernian F.C. , a Scottish football club , active 1894–1980
Maryhill Hibernians F.C. , a Scottish football club , active 1923–1967 ( renamed Maryhill Harp in 1939 )
Navan Hibernians GAC , an Irish hurling club active in 1902
Philadelphia Hibernian , an American soccer club , active 1909–1921
Seattle Hibernian , an American soccer club , successively named Seattle FC ( 1995 ) , Seattle Hibernian ( 1996-2004 ) , Hibernian & Caledonian ( 2005 ) , and Hibernian Saints ( 2006 ) .
Finance
Hibernian Bank Ltd , absorbed by the Bank of Ireland in 1958
Hibernian Aviva , an Irish insurance company
Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society , a New Zealand friendly society and formerly , an associated credit union
Los Angeles Hibernian Bank , American bank sold in 1988 to Security Pacific
Other uses
Ancient Order of Hibernians , an Irish Catholic fraternal organization based in the United States
Hibernian ( album ) , a 1995 release by Irish band Tír na nÓg
Hibernian Orchestra , orchestra founded in Dublin in 1981
Hibernian Magazine ( disambiguation )
See also
Hibernia ( disambiguation )
Hibernian Hall ( disambiguation )
Katarina Mary Johnson-Thompson ( born 9 January 1993 ) is an English athlete primarily known as an elite multi-eventer , both as a heptathlete and an indoor pentathlete . She has been World Champion in both disciplines , and a double Commonwealth Games champion in heptathlon for England .
Representing Great Britain , she won the gold medal at the 2019 World Championships and broke the British record with a score of 6,981 points , which ranks her at No . 6 on the all-time heptathlon lists . She also holds the British record indoors of 5,000 points for the women 's pentathlon and won gold in that event at the 2018 World Indoor Championships , as well as the 2015 and 2019 European Indoor Championships .
She has also on occasion represented Great Britain in her two strongest multi-event disciplines , the individual high jump and long jump events . She holds the British high jump records with 1.98 m outdoors ( 2016 ) and 1.97 m indoors ( 2015 ) , and in the long jump , she was the 2012 World Junior Champion and the 2014 World Indoor silver medalist .
Johnson-Thompson 's heptathlon results include finishing 14th at the 2012 London Olympics , fifth at the 2013 World Championships , sixth at the 2016 Rio Olympics , and fifth at the 2017 World Championships . She won the gold medal in the heptathlon at the 2018 Commonwealth Games before winning the silver medal at the 2018 European Championships with a personal best score of 6,759 points , which moved her into the world all-time Top 25 . She retained her heptathlon gold medal at the 2022 Commonwealth Games wile recovering from Achilles tendon surgery .
Johnson-Thompson 's career coincided with those of older compatriot , Olympic champion and three-time World champion Jessica Ennis-Hill and double Olympic champion and erstwhile rival Nafi Thiam , with whom Johnson-Thompson has competed since junior competition . Johnson-Thompson is the only athlete to have defeated Thiam in global competition since Thiam won Olympic Gold in 2016 , and with Ennis-Hill , Thiam and Carolina Kluft is one of only four heptathletes in this millennium to exceed 6900 points , and the only pentathlete to breach 5000 points in the same period .
Early life
Katarina Mary Johnson-Thompson was born in the Liverpool suburb of Woolton on 9 January 1993 , the daughter of Tracey Johnson and Ricardo Thompson ( died November 2017 ) . Her mother is a former dancer from Liverpool , while her father was a production assistant for ZNS-TV in the Bahamas . She spent the first year of her life in Nassau with her father after her parents separated and then joined her mother in the town of Halewood near Liverpool , where she attended St Mark 's Catholic Primary School and became interested in athletics . She later returned to Woolton , where she attended St Julie 's Catholic High School and became close friends with future actress Jodie Comer , and went on to study sports science at Liverpool John Moores University .
Career
Youth career
Johnson-Thompson represents Liverpool Harriers and was formerly coached by Mike Holmes . Her development was in part funded by the Wells Sports Foundation set up by Barrie Wells , which gave her access to the foundation 's patron , Jessica Ennis ( now Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill ) .
At the 2009 World Youth Championships in Athletics in Brixen , Italy , she won the gold medal in the heptathlon . She missed most of the 2010 athletics season suffering from patellar tendinopathy , also known as jumper 's knee .
Johnson-Thompson broke Jessica Ennis ' British junior record at the Multistars competition held in Desenzano del Garda , Italy in May 2012 . Her score of 6007 points was enough to take third position at the event behind Sofía Ifadídou of Greece and French athlete Blandine Maisonnier . The score also meant she had surpassed the ' B ' qualifying standard for the 2012 Olympics , however it fell short of the 6,150 points ' A ' standard .
In June 2012 Johnson-Thompson achieved the ' A ' qualifying standard for the 2012 Olympics by scoring a new personal best of 6,248 points at the TNT – Fortuna Meeting held in the Sletiště Stadium , Kladno , Czech Republic . At the meeting she set six new personal bests across the seven events to beat her previous best score by 241 points .
At the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics held in Barcelona , Johnson-Thompson chose not to compete in the full heptathlon competition to save herself for the Olympics ; instead she took part in the long jump—winning a gold medal with a jump of 6.81 metres—and the 100 metres hurdles .
In early April 2012 , alongside Tiffany Porter and Yamilé Aldama , she was nominated for `` European Athlete of the Month '' for March .
London Olympics and first World Championships
Johnson-Thompson competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women 's heptathlon alongside compatriots Jessica Ennis and Louise Hazel at the Olympic Stadium on 3–4 August 2012 . She finished in 13th place with a score of 6267 .
In September , Johnson-Thompson was nominated for the `` European Athletics Rising Star award '' . In October , she won the `` Lillian Board Memorial Award '' ( for junior women ) at the 2012 British Athletics Writers ' Association Awards .
In the 2013 IAAF World Championships heptathlon , Johnson-Thompson finished in 5th place . After a first day which left her in 5th place , with a PB in the 200 m , she had an excellent second day with PB 's in the Long Jump , Javelin and the 800 m. However , she admitted afterwards that she wished she had set her target of finishing in the Top 8 with more ambition , having finished just 28 points away from bronze medallist Dafne Schippers .
First World Indoor and European medals
On 11 July 2014 , Johnson-Thompson set a new long jump personal best of 6.92 m at the Glasgow Diamond League meeting , taking her to number 2 on the British all-time list for the event . Johnson-Thompson won gold at the 2014 edition of the prestigious heptathlon Hypo-Meeting in Götzis with a world leading personal best score of 6682 but missed the Commonwealth Games and the European Championships after suffering a foot injury .
Johnson-Thompson set a new British high jump record with a height of 1.97 metres at the British Indoor Championships in Sheffield on 14 February 2015 , surpassing her previous record of 1.96 metres set on 8 February 2014 . Prior to Johnson-Thompson , Debbie Marti 's 1.95-metre jump had held the record since 1997 .
On 21 February 2015 , Johnson-Thompson set a new indoor British long jump record with a distance of 6.93 m at the Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix .
In August 2015 , Johnson-Thompson finished in 28th place in the heptathlon at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing after three foul jumps in the long jump . She had been lying in second place to Jessica Ennis-Hill after the first day of events .
Johnson-Thompson competed at the 2016 Hypo-Meeting in May of that year , her first major competition since undergoing knee surgery in the autumn of 2015 : she finished the competition in sixth with a score of 6,304 points , securing her place at the 2016 Summer Olympics by beating the qualifying standard of 6,200 points .
She missed out on a medal at the Games , taking sixth in the heptathlon , although her performance in the heptathlon high jump of 1.98 m set a new British high jump record , and would have been good enough to take gold in the stand-alone Olympic high jump competition .
In September 2016 , UK Athletics confirmed that Johnson-Thompson had split with coach Mike Holmes , having been trained by him since 2008 .
She subsequently moved to Montpellier , France , to be coached by a team led by Bertrand Valcin , joining a training group including Olympic decathlon medalist Kevin Mayer and double European heptathlon champion Antoinette Nana Djimou .
On 5–6 August 2017 , Johnson-Thompson competed in the heptathlon at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics held in London . After moving to Montpellier , she was expected to land a podium position but was not able to surpass the 1.86 barrier in the heptathlon 's high jump , with a successful jump at 1.80 m , which gave her 978 points . In a post heptathlon Day 1 interview , she stated : `` High jump is one of my best events , I lost 200 points in just one event so that 's massive . I 'm massively disappointed but I 'm trying to move on . In Day 2 , long jump is one of my good events so hopefully I can do well there '' . Johnson-Thompson finished in 5th place with 6558 points . She also competed in the single high jump event , finishing fifth with a Season 's Best jump at 1.95 m .
World and Commonwealth titles
Johnson-Thompson won the 2018 World indoor pentathlon title and the 2018 Commonwealth Games heptathlon titles , before going on to win a silver medal behind World and Olympic champion Nafi Thiam in the heptathlon at the 2018 European Championships , recording a personal best score of 6759 points , to move into the world all-time Top 25 .
In May 2019 , at the 45th Hypomeeting in Götzis , Johnson-Thompson recorded a new personal best of 6,813 in the Heptathlon , taking her up to 18th on the world all-time list .
She won the heptathlon 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha , Qatar with a British record of 6981 points .
She won the heptathlon at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham , England .
Personal life
Johnson-Thompson moved to Montpellier in 2016 , and currently splits her time between Montpellier and her home city of Liverpool . She is a lifelong fan of local team Liverpool F.C . She has been in a relationship with fellow athlete Andrew Pozzi since 2018 .
Statistics
Personal bests
Outdoor personal bests
Indoor personal bests
All information from Power of 10 .
Seasonal bests
International competitions
Detailed heptathlon scores
National titles
British Athletics Championships
Long jump : 2014
British Indoor Athletics Championships
Long jump : 2014 , 2018 , 2019
High jump : 2014 , 2015
See also
List of World Athletics Championships medalists ( women )
List of IAAF World Indoor Championships medalists ( women )
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics ( women )
List of European Athletics Championships medalists ( women )
List of European Athletics Indoor Championships medalists ( women )
Great Britain and Northern Ireland at the World Athletics Championships
List of Commonwealth records in athletics
List of English records in athletics
List of people from Merseyside
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Liverpool
British heptathletes
English heptathletes
British female long jumpers
British female high jumpers
English female long jumpers
English female high jumpers
Olympic heptathletes
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games gold medallists in athletics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Great Britain
World Athletics Championships winners
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
World Youth Championships in Athletics winners
European Athletics Indoor Championships winners
British Athletics Championships winners
British people of Bahamian descent
Alumni of Liverpool John Moores University
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
The bar-tailed trogon ( Apaloderma vittatum ) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae . It is a resident bird to central Africa that eats primarily insects and fruits .
Description
The bar-tailed trogon averages about long . The bill and feet are yellow , and the tail , long and broad as usual for trogons , has the underside narrowly barred with black and white . The male 's head is blue-black with bronze iridescence . Below the eye are two yellow or orange patches of bare skin ; above the eye is a yellow or grey patch . The upper breast is iridescent from violet to blue-green ; the rest of the underparts are red . The back is green and the upper surface of the tail is blue-black or purple-black . The female 's head is brown with less ornamental bare skin and its throat and breast are light cinnamon ; otherwise it resembles the male . The immature is similar to the female , but has a white belly and pale spots on the wings formed by the tips of the wing coverts and inner secondaries .
The vocalisations are described as a yelping crescendo , `` yaow , yow , yow , yow… or wuk-wuk-wuk-wuk… . '' The female gives `` a whining chee-uu '' .
Distribution and habitat
The bar-tailed trogon is found in Angola , Burundi , Cameroon , the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Nigeria , Rwanda , Tanzania , Uganda , and Zambia . It lives in forests ; at altitudes between , is typically higher than that of the Narina trogon , but the two occur together in some places .
Behavior
Feeding
The bar-tailed trogon , similar to other trogons , feeds on insects and fruits .
Breeding
The bar-tailed trogon breeding season occurs as the dry season ends at the rainy season begins ( October and November ) . Yearlings are not known to mate or hold territories ; however , there have been reports of them singing .
Conservation
The IUCN classifies the bar-tailed trogon as Least Concern but the species is experiencing a decreasing trend due to habitat destruction .
Gallery
References
bar-tailed trogon
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
bar-tailed trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A cultural icon is a person or an artifact that is identified by members of a culture as representative of that culture . The process of identification is subjective , and `` icons '' are judged by the extent to which they can be seen as an authentic symbol of that culture . When individuals perceive a cultural icon , they relate it to their general perceptions of the cultural identity represented . Cultural icons can also be identified as an authentic representation of the practices of one culture by another .
In popular culture and elsewhere , the term `` iconic '' is used to describe a wide range of people , places , and things . Some commentators believe that the word `` iconic '' is overused .
Examples
According to the Canadian Journal of Communication , academic literature has described all of the following as `` cultural icons '' : `` Shakespeare , Oprah , Batman , Anne of Green Gables , the Cowboy , the 1960s female pop singer , the horse , Las Vegas , the library , the Barbie doll , DNA , and the New York Yankees . ''
A web-based survey was set up in 2006 allowing the public to nominate their ideas for national icons of England , and the results show the range of different types of icons associated with an English view of English culture . One example is the red AEC Routemaster London double decker bus .
Matryoshka dolls are seen internationally as cultural icons of Russia . In the former Soviet Union , the hammer and sickle symbol and statues of Vladimir Lenin instead represented the country 's most prominent cultural icons .
The values , norms , and ideals represented by a cultural icon vary among people who subscribe to it and more widely among others who may interpret cultural icons as symbolizing quite different values . Thus an apple pie is a cultural icon of the United States , but its significance varies among Americans .
National icons can become targets for those opposing or criticising a regime , for example , crowds destroying statues of Lenin in Eastern Europe after the fall of communism or burning the American flag to protest US actions abroad .
Religious icons can also become cultural icons in societies where religion and culture are deeply entwined , such as representations of the Madonna in societies with a strong Catholic tradition .
Criticism
Describing something as iconic or as an icon has become very common in the popular media . This has drawn criticism from some . For example , a writer in Liverpool Daily Post calls `` iconic '' `` a word that makes my flesh creep '' , a word `` pressed into service to describe almost anything . '' Mark Larson of the Christian Examiner labeled `` iconic '' as an overused word , finding over 18,000 uses of `` iconic '' in news stories alone , with another 30,000 for `` icon '' .
Types
: Category : Lists of cultural icons
National
Asia
Japan
South Korea
Europe
France
Germany
Poland
Portugal
Russia
Spain
Ukraine
United Kingdom
England
Scotland
Wales
Oceania
Australia
Queensland
Others
Architectural icon
Gay icon
Horror icon
Pop icon
References
Bibliography
*
External links
Our New Icons by The Daily Telegraph
Nothing and no one are Off Limits in an Age of Iconomania by The Age
British Postal Museum & Archive : Icons of England
Culture24 : Icons of England
Cultural history
Connected devices may refer to :
Smart device , an autonomous electronic device that may be connected to others in a network
Mobile device , a computing device typically small enough to be handheld
Mobile Internet device , a multimedia-capable mobile device providing wireless Internet access
Wearable computer , also known as body-borne computer or wearable , a smart device worn like clothing or jewelry
Junior Solar Sprint ( JSS ) is a competitive program for 5th- to 8th-grade students to create a small solar-powered vehicle . JSS competitions are sponsored by the Army Educational Outreach Program ( AEOP ) , and administered by the Technology Student Association ( TSA ) . Objectives of JSS are to create the fastest , most interesting , or best crafted vehicle . Skills in science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ( STEM ) are fostered when designing and constructing the vehicles , as well as principles of alternative fuels , engineering design , and aerodynamics .
History
Junior Solar Sprint was created in the 1980s by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) to teach younger children about the importance and challenges of using renewable energy . The project also teaches students how the engineering process is applied , and how solar panels , transmission , and aerodynamics can be used in practice .
Since 2001 , the AEOP has funded JSS events . TSA began hosting competitions in 2011 , and it became a middle school-level event in 2014 . In association with TSA , Pitsco Education has sold recommended materials for the project .
Competition
Since Junior Solar Sprint became a TSA event , the rules for creating the vehicle have been defined in the TSA rulebook . At the conference , the total cost of creating each car must be less than US $ 50 . The team must also document their process in a notebook .
During the time trials section , each car is raced three times down a lane long , on a hard surface like a tennis court . To keep the vehicle pointed straight ahead , a guide wire is run across every lane attached by an eyelet . When the cars are racing , they must remain attached to the wire with no external control . During the race , no modifications are allowed , though anyone may watch .
The fastest time of the three trials is used for qualification to the semifinal round . In the next stage , a single- or double-elimination tournament , cars are raced against each other at the same time , until one of the 16 semifinalists is determined the fastest .
Junior Solar Sprint competitions are held at the national- , state- , and some regional-level TSA conferences , as well as other AEOP-hosted locations . In the event that the site is overcast , and the solar panels wo n't work , two 1.5 volt AA batteries will be given to each team . Judges determine the three best vehicles for each category : speed , craftsmanship , and appearance .
The 2017 national TSA conference was held June 21–25 , in Orlando , Florida , and many middle school students across the country traveled to compete with their vehicles . The team from Joan MacQueen Middle School in Alpine , California , won first place .
References
External links
Junior Solar Sprint from the Army Educational Outreach Program
Junior Solar Sprint from the Technology Student Association
Engineering competitions
Engineering education in the United States
Technology Student Association
American military youth groups
Phazaca theclata is a moth of the family Uraniidae . It was first described by Achille Guenée in 1858 . It is known from Africa south of the Sahara , from Saudi Arabia , as well as from India , Japan , Myanmar , Nepal and Sri Lanka .
Description
Its wingspan is around 17–22 mm . The hindwings of the male have slight tails at veins 4 and 7 , and the venation is normal . In males , the antennae and vertex of the head are whitish . Head and thorax violaceous ( violet ) grey . Abdomen ochreous , except at base . Forewings violaceous grey . A large triangular patch outlined with double brown line on the costa beyond the middle . There is a similar oval spot with darker centre on inner margin . There is a series of marginal fuscous lunules . Hindwings with the basal half violaceous grey , which is darkest at inner margin . The outer half pale ochreous brown , the two areas defined by a rufous and pale line . There is a series of marginal fuscous lunules . Female has same violaceous abdomen and hindwings as the ground colour .
Larva feeds on Verbenaceae species , including Stachytarpheta urticifolia and plants like Adina cordifolia , Burttdavya nyasica , Morinda sp. , Randia dumetorum , Tectona grandis , Paraserianthes falcataria , Coddia rudis and Duranta erecta
References
External links
Picture of Dirades theclata on Flickr
A Taxonomic Revision of the Korean Epipleminae
New and recent records of moth and butterfly species
Uraniidae
Moths of Africa
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Comoros
Insects of Mauritius
Fauna of Seychelles
Insects of Réunion
Taxa named by Achille Guenée
Adam Frost may refer to :
Adam Frost ( writer )
Adam Frost ( garden designer )
Adam Frost , character in the TV series The Leftovers
Adam Frost ( wheelchair rugby ) , Wheelchair rugby at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Rosters
Adam Frost ( actor ) in The Sausage Factory
SS C. Francis Jenkins was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II . She was named after C. Francis Jenkins , a pioneer of early cinema and television .
Construction
C. Francis Jenkins was laid down on 20 July 1944 , under a Maritime Commission ( MARCOM ) contract , MC hull 2316 , by J.A . Jones Construction , Panama City , Florida ; sponsored by Mrs. E. S. Gladys Morgan , wife of resident MARCOM auditor ; and launched on 26 August 1944 .
History
She was allocated to Agwilines Inc. , 9 September 1944 . On 22 May 1946 , she was laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet , Hudson River Reserve Fleet , Jones Point , New York .
Allocated to A. L. Burbank and Co. , LTD , 16 July 1946 . Placed in National Defense Reserve Fleet , Mobile , Alabama , 2 December 1946 .
She was sold , on 16 December 1946 , to Cia de Nav . Cristobal , for commercial use , and renamed Ionian Leader . She was withdrawn from the fleet on 12 January 1947 .
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City , Florida
1944 ships
Hudson River Reserve Fleet
Mobile Reserve Fleet
The blue-mantled crested flycatcher or African crested flycatcher ( Trochocercus cyanomelas ) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae found in eastern and south-eastern Africa .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Taxonomy and systematics
The blue-mantled crested flycatcher was originally described in the genus Muscicapa and some authorities have also classified it in the genus Terpsiphone . Alternate names for the blue-mantled crested flycatcher include blue-mantled flycatcher , blue-mantled paradise-flycatcher , Cape crested-flycatcher and crested flycatcher .
Subspecies
Five subspecies are recognized :
T. c. vivax - Neave , 1909 : Found from Uganda and north-western Tanzania to south-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and northern and western Zambia
East African crested flycatcher ( T. c. bivittatus ) - Reichenow , 1879 : Originally described as a separate species . Found from Somalia to eastern Tanzania
T. c. megalolophus - Swynnerton , 1907 : Originally described as a separate species . Found from Malawi and northern Mozambique to Zimbabwe and eastern KwaZulu-Natal ( north-eastern South Africa )
T. c. segregus - Clancey , 1975 : Found in eastern Northern Province and western KwaZulu-Natal ( north-eastern South Africa )
T. c. cyanomelas - ( Vieillot , 1818 ) : Found in south and south-eastern South Africa
Diet
Like all members of the monarch flycatcher family , the blue-mantled crested flycatcher is insectivorous .
References
External links
Blue-mantled crested flycatcher - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
blue-mantled crested flycatcher
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
blue-mantled crested flycatcher
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alexandros J . `` Aleko '' Goulandris ( 1927 – 25 May 2017 ) was a Greek shipowner , the son of Nicholas J. Goulandris , the founder of N. J. Goulandris .
In 1952 , his father left the family firm , Goulandris Bros. , and founded N. J. Goulandris in London . It grew with the help of his sons Yannis/John ( b.1923 ) and twins Leonidas ( b.1927 ) and Alexandros , and by 1958 was the sixth-largest Greek shipowner with 40 ships . The business is now known as Andriaki Shipping and is based in Marousi , Athens .
He married Marietta , and they had three daughters , Violanto ( who pre-deceased him ) , Maria-Lula and Alexandra . In 1994 they restored the Tourlitis Lighthouse in Andros in memory of Violanto .
He died in May 2017 , and was buried next to his wife in the First Cemetery of Athens .
Goulandris was a `` noted but very private art collector and philanthropist '' .
References
1927 births
2017 deaths
Alexandros
Greek businesspeople in shipping
Spasalus crenatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae .
Passalidae
Beetles described in 1819
also known as The 6th Sayoko is a Japanese television series which was produced in the year 2000 .
Story
Nishihama Junior High School is haunted by the legend of Sayoko . Every three years a student is chosen to play the role of Sayoko by his or her predecessor . Sayoko has three missions to accomplish . If they are completed it is to the advantage of the school . If not , the school is doomed ... Shu has been chosen to be Sayoko . Disbelieving the legend , Shu lets his pal Rei assume the role . But , when the new term begins , one of the tasks has already been completed . By whom ? This is just the prelude to a string of spooky happenings . `` Sayoko is Back '' is no ordinary horror story . The youngsters explore the unknown while caught up in the drama of adolescence . It is an occasionally frightening but ultimately heart-warming journey that they undertake .
Cast
Anne Suzuki as Rei Shioda
Chiaki Kuriyama as Sayoko Tsumura
Takayuki Yamada as Shū Sekine
Ryō Katsuji as Yukio Karasawa
Marika Matsumoto as Masako Hanamiya
Yuka Hirata as Tōko Hirabayashi
Masato Furuoya as Takao Karasawa
Sae Isshiki as Mikako Sano
Jun Miho as Mayumi Shioda
Takehiro Murata as Mr. Kurokawa
Yumi Takigawa as Chika Sekine
Manami Fuji as Yurie Tsumura
Hinako Sano as The little girl
Ayumi Ikeda as The silhouette of Sayoko
Episodes
The entire series consists of 12 episodes in all .
Episode 1 : Nazo no tenkosei
Episode 2 : Borei
Episode 3 : Mie nai teki
Episode 4 : Nazo no massage
Episode 5 : Fushigi na utagoe
Episode 6 : Tanabata no himitsu
Episode 7 : Wana
Episode 8 : Kyofu no bunkasai part 1
Episode 9 : Kyofu no bunkasai part 2
Episode 10 : Sayoko ha koko ni iru
Episode 11 : Sayoko no shotai
Episode 12 : Soshite tobira ga hiraku
References
2000 films
2000 drama films
Japanese films
2000s Japanese-language films
Japanese drama television series
2000s Japanese films
Fallen Firefighters Memorial may refer to :
Fallen Firefighters Memorial ( Wu ) , a sculpture group by Hai Ying Wu in Seattle , Washington
Los Angeles Fallen Firefighters Memorial , in Los Angeles , California
National Fallen Firefighters Memorial , in Emmitsburg , Maryland
New York State Fallen Firefighters Memorial , in Albany , New York
Carl Martin Philpott FRCS ( born June 1975 ) is professor of rhinology and olfactology at the University of East Anglia . He established the United Kingdom 's first smell and taste clinic .
References
External links
Carl Philpott ( 0000-0002-1125-3236 )
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
Academics of the University of East Anglia
Rhinology
Alumni of the University of Leicester
21st-century British medical doctors
British surgeons
Living people
1975 births
George Foreman vs. Joe Frazier II , billed as `` Battle of the Gladiators '' , was a professional boxing match contested on June 15 , 1976 , for the NABF heavyweight championship .
Background
On March 18 , 1976 , former undisputed heavyweight champions George Foreman and Joe Frazier agreed to face one another in a rematch of their 1973 heavyweight title bout . In their previous encounter , Foreman had brutalized the then-champion Frazier , scoring six knockdowns in less than two rounds to capture the WBA and WBC heavyweight championships . Foreman had then successfully defended the titles twice , easily defeating José Roman and Ken Norton by knockout in the first and second rounds respectively . Foreman , however , lost his titles to Muhammad Ali in `` The Rumble in the Jungle '' in October 1974 , by KO in the eighth round . The following year , Frazier finally got his first chance to regain the heavyweight titles , challenging Ali in a fight dubbed the `` Thrilla in Manila '' , though he lost by technical knockout in the 14th round .
After his defeat at the hands of Ali , Foreman was out of boxing for over a year , sitting out all of 1975 . He returned in January 1976 to defeat Ron Lyle and capture the less-regarded NABF heavyweight title before agreeing to face Frazier . Foreman hoped a victory over Frazier would propel him to a championship rematch with Ali , while Frazier , who was close to retirement , hoped to avenge the blowout loss Foreman had bestowed him with three years prior .
The Fight
At the start of the fight , Frazier abandoned his usual aggressive approach and utilized a more defensive style to avoid a repeat of his previous fight with Foreman . Frazier kept his distance throughout the first four rounds and even taunted Foreman by dropping his hands and daring him to land a punch . Foreman , however , took control of the action , getting Frazier against the ropes and weakening him with powerful body shots . In the fifth , Foreman finally broke through and landed a combination with Frazier against the ropes with the final punch being a devastating left hook . Frazier immediately returned with a jab , but slipped and fell down to the canvas . Frazier got back up and continued the fight , but Foreman quickly sent him back down with a powerful right hand . Frazier pulled himself back up at the count of seven , but his trainer Eddie Futch jumped on the ring apron and ordered the referee to stop the fight to prevent further punishment . Foreman was then named the winner by technical knockout at 2:26 of the fifth round .
References
1976 in boxing
Boxing matches
June 1976 sports events in the United States
1976 in sports in New York ( state )
Udaya Studios was one of the oldest film studios in the Malayalam film industry of India . It was established in 1947 by director-producer Kunchacko ( 1912–1976 ) and film distributor K. V. Koshy in Pathirappally , Alappuzha in Kerala . The studio influenced the gradual shift of Malayalam film industry from its original base of Chennai , Tamil Nadu to Trivandrum , now considered a milestone in the history of Malayalam film industry . The first film of the studio was Vellinakshatram ( 1949 ) .
The films produced at the studio were produced under the banner of K & K Combines , and later under Excel Productions ( also spelt X. L. Productions ) . Udaya 's professional rivalry with P. Subramaniam 's Merryland Studio was quite famous . After Excel Productions became defunct , Kunchacko Boban established a new film production company named Udaya Pictures in 2016 .
History
Kunchacko established a film production company named Udaya Pictures in 1947 , though he continued production at traditional base of Malayalam film , Chennai , but it all changed in 1947 when he came together with film distributors K. V. Koshy and R. A. Krishnan and established Udaya Studios in Alleppey ( Alappuzha ) , and in time the studio also set up its own distribution network . Soon it had a string of successes with blockbusters based on Vadakkan Pattu .
Unniyarcha ( 1961 )
Palattukoman ( 1962 )
Othenante Makan ( 1970 )
Aromalunni ( 1972 )
Ponnapuram Kotta ( 1973 )
Thumbolarcha ( 1974 )
Kannappanunni ( 1977 )
Palattu Kunjikannan ( 1980 )
After Kunchako 's death in 1976 , his son , director Boban Kunchacko , took over the functioning , but after his death in 2004 at the age of 55 , the studio saw some bad days .
However , Dr. Avinash Unnithan ( Suryamangalam Group ) has purchased the plot where the studio was located and another studio under a different name is in preparation to be set up , like an air-conditioned shooting floor and other facilities attached to it , but also taking utmost care to preserve the old structures , thereby keeping alive the nostalgic feel of the place .
The legendary Udaya Pictures banner is still owned by famous cine actor Kunchacko Boban , who is also the grandson of Kunchacko . Udaya has made a comeback after 30 years by producing the movie Kocchavva Paulo Ayyappa Coelho .
Resuming production
Years after the defunct Excel Productions , Kunchacko Boban established a new film production company Udaya Pictures and produced the 2016 film Kochauvva Paulo Ayyappa Coelho directed by Sidhartha Siva , thus reviving the prestigious Malayalam production house after 30 years .
See also
Navodaya Studio
Merryland Studio
References
External links
Udaya Studios at Wikimapia
Film distributors of India
Film production companies of Kerala
Indian film studios
Mass media companies established in 1942
Buildings and structures in Alappuzha
1942 establishments in India
Overdiagnosis is the diagnosis of disease that will never cause symptoms or death during a patient 's ordinarily expected lifetime and thus presents no practical threat regardless of being pathologic . Overdiagnosis is a side effect of screening for early forms of disease . Although screening saves lives in some cases , in others it may turn people into patients unnecessarily and may lead to treatments that do no good and perhaps do harm . Given the tremendous variability that is normal in biology , it is inherent that the more one screens , the more incidental findings will generally be found . For a large percentage of them , the most appropriate medical response is to recognize them as something that does not require intervention ; but determining which action a particular finding warrants ( `` ignoring '' , watchful waiting , or intervention ) can be very difficult , whether because the differential diagnosis is uncertain or because the risk ratio is uncertain ( risks posed by intervention , namely , adverse events , versus risks posed by not intervening ) .
Overdiagnosis occurs when a disease is diagnosed correctly , but the diagnosis is irrelevant . A correct diagnosis may be irrelevant because treatment for the disease is not available , not needed , or not wanted . Some people contend that the term `` overdiagnosis '' is inappropriate , and that `` overtreatment '' is more representative of the phenomenon .
Because most people who are diagnosed are also treated , it is difficult to assess whether overdiagnosis has occurred in an individual . Overdiagnosis in an individual can not be determined during life . Overdiagnosis is only certain when an individual remains untreated , never develops symptoms of the disease and dies of something else . The distinction of `` died with disease '' versus `` died of disease '' is then important and relevant . Thus most of the inferences about overdiagnosis comes from the study of populations . Rapidly rising rates of testing and disease diagnosis in the setting of stable rates of the feared outcome of the disease ( e.g . death ) are highly suggestive of overdiagnosis . Most compelling , however , is evidence from a randomized trial of a screening test intended to detect pre-clinical disease . A persistent excess of detected disease in the tested group years after the trial is completed constitutes the best evidence that overdiagnosis has occurred .
Although overdiagnosis is potentially applicable to the diagnosis of any disease , the concept was first recognized and studied in cancer screening—the systematic evaluation of asymptomatic patients to detect early forms of cancer . The central harm of cancer screening is overdiagnosis—the detection of abnormalities that meet the pathologic definition of cancer ( under the microscope ) but will never progress to cause symptoms or death during a patient 's ordinarily expected lifetime .
In advanced age , such as 65 years or older , the concept of overdiagnosis takes on increasing importance as life expectancy decreases . There are various cancer types for which a standard contraindication to screening is life expectancy of less than 10 years , for the simple and logical reason that a person who already has medically complex health status ( e.g. , multiple comorbidities ) and realistically can probably expect to live for less than 10 years is less likely to get a net benefit ( balance of benefit versus harms ) from diagnosing and treating that cancer , especially if it may be indolent anyway . Prostate cancer is a classic example , but the concept can apply to breast cancer and other types as well .
Overdiagnosis and the variability of cancer progression
Cancer screening is the effort to detect cancer early , during its pre-clinical phase—the time period that begins with an abnormal cell and ends when the patient notices symptoms from the cancer . It has long been known that some people have cancers with short pre-clinical phases ( fast-growing , aggressive cancers ) , while others have cancers with long pre-clinical phases ( slow-growing cancers ) . And this heterogeneity has an unfortunate implication : namely , screening tends to disproportionately detect slow-growing cancers ( because they are accessible to be detected for a long period of time ) and disproportionately miss the fast-growing cancers ( because they are only accessible to be detected for a short period of time ) —the very cancers we would most like to catch . For more information , see Screening ( medicine ) # Length time bias .
This long-standing model has a hidden assumption : namely , that all cancers inevitably progress . But some pre-clinical cancers will not progress to cause problems for patients . And if screening ( or testing for some other reason ) detects these cancers , overdiagnosis has occurred .
The figure below depicts the heterogeneity of cancer progression using 4 arrows to represent 4 categories of cancer progression .
The arrow labeled `` Fast '' represents a fast-growing cancer , one that quickly leads to symptoms and to death . These are the worst forms of cancer and unfortunately often appear in the interval between screening tests . The arrow labeled `` Slow '' represents a slow-growing cancer , one that leads to symptoms and death but only after many years . These are the cancers for which screening has arguably the greatest beneficial impact .
The arrow labeled `` Very Slow '' represents a cancer that never causes problems because it is growing very slowly . If a cancer grows slowly enough , then patients will die of some other cause before the cancer gets big enough to produce symptoms .
The arrow labeled `` Non-progressive '' represents a cancer that never causes problems because it is not growing at all . In other words , there are cellular abnormalities that meet the pathologic definition of cancer but never grow to cause symptoms—alternatively , they may grow and then regress . Although the concept of non-progressive cancers may seem implausible , basic scientists have begun to uncover biologic mechanisms that halt the progression of cancer . Some cancers outgrow their blood supply ( and are starved ) , others are recognized by the host 's immune system ( and are successfully contained ) , and some are not that aggressive in the first place .
Cancer that grows too slowly to be likely to harm the patient is usually referred to as a benign tumor . Although some types of benign tumor may require intervention , they are often simply monitored for malignant transformation .
Evidence for overdiagnosis in cancer
The phenomenon of overdiagnosis is most widely understood in prostate cancer . A dramatic increase in the number of new cases of prostate cancer was observed following the introduction of the PSA ( prostate specific antigen ) screening test . Because of the problem of overdiagnosis , most organizations recommend against prostate cancer screening in men with limited life expectancy—generally defined as less than 10 years ( see also prostate cancer screening ) .
Overdiagnosis has been identified in mammographic screening for breast cancer . Long-term follow-up of the Malmo randomized trial of mammography found a persistent excess of 115 breast cancers in the screened group 15 years after the trial was completed ( a 10 % rate of overdiagnosis ) . In a letter to the editor , authors not associated with the original study of the data from the randomized clinical trial argued that one-quarter of mammographically detected breast cancers represent overdiagnosis . A systematic review of mammography screening programs reported an overdiagnosis rate of around 50 % , which is the same of saying that a third of diagnosed cases of breast cancer are overdiagnosed .
Overdiagnosis has also been identified in chest x-ray screening for lung cancer . Long-term follow-up of the Mayo Clinic randomized trial of screening with chest x-rays and sputum cytology found a persistent excess of 46 lung cancer cases in the screened group 13 years after the trial was completed , suggesting that 20–40 % of lung cancers detected by conventional x-ray screening represent overdiagnosis . There is considerable evidence that the problem of overdiagnosis is much greater for lung cancer screening using spiral-CT scans .
Overdiagnosis has also been associated with early detection in a variety of other cancers , including neuroblastoma , melanoma , and thyroid cancer . In fact , some degree of overdiagnosis in cancer early detection is probably the rule , not the exception .
Evidence for overdiagnosis of infectious diseases
Issues with overdiagnosis of infectious diseases , such as malaria or typhoid fever , persist in many regions around the world . For example , malaria overdiagnosis is well-documented in African countries . and results in over-inflation of actual malaria rates reported at the local and national levels . Health facilities tend to over-diagnose malaria in patients presenting with symptoms such as fever , due to traditional perceptions ( for example any fever being equivalent to malaria ) and issues related to laboratory testing ( see Diagnosis of malaria ) . Therefore , malaria overdiagnosis leads to under-management of other fever-inducing conditions , but also to over-prescription of antimalarial drugs .
Harms of overdiagnosis
Overdiagnosed patients can not benefit from the detection and treatment of their `` cancer '' because the cancer was never destined to cause symptoms or death . They can only be harmed . There are three categories of harm associated with overdiagnosis :
Physical effects of unnecessary diagnosis and treatment : All medical interventions have side effects . This is particularly true of cancer treatments . Surgery , radiation and chemotherapy all pose varying morbidity and mortality risks .
Psychological effects : there is a burden for an individual simply being labeled as `` diseased '' ( e.g . the burden of being labeled a `` cancer patient '' ) and an associated increased sense of vulnerability .
Economic burden : Not only the associated cost of treatment ( from which the patient can not benefit , because the disease posed no threat ) , but also—at least , in the current health care system in the United States—a potential increase in the cost of health insurance or even an inability to procure it ( e.g . the diagnosis creates a pre-existing condition that affects health insurance ) . Similar issues may arise with life insurance . Unlike health insurance , life insurance does not fall under the scope of the Affordable Care Act , thus insurers have even more leeway in denying or reducing coverage or inflating premiums due to the patient 's condition .
While many identify false positive results as the major downside to cancer screening , there are data to suggest that—when patients are informed about overdiagnosis—they are much more concerned about overdiagnosis than false positive results .
Distinction among overdiagnosis , misdiagnosis , and false positive results
Overdiagnosis is often confused with the term `` false positive '' test results and with misdiagnosis , but they are three distinct concepts . A false positive test result refers to a test that suggests the presence of disease , but is ultimately proved to be in error ( usually by a second , more precise test ) . Patients with false positive test results may be told that they have a disease and erroneously treated ; overdiagnosed patients are told they have disease and generally receive treatment . Misdiagnosed patients do not have the condition at all , or have a totally different condition , but are treated anyway .
Overdiagnosis is also distinct from overtesting . Overtesting is the phenomenon where patients receive a medical test that they do n't need ; it will not benefit them . For instance , a patient that receives a lumbar spine x-ray when they have low back pain without any sinister signs or symptoms ( weight loss , fever , lower limb paresthesia , etc . ) and symptoms have been present for less than 4 weeks . Most tests are subject to overtesting , but echocardiograms ( ultrasounds of the heart ) have been shown to be particularly prone to overtesting . The detection of overtesting is difficult ; recently , many population-level estimates have emerged to try to detect potential overtesting . The most common of these estimates is geographical variation in test use . These estimates detect regions , hospitals or general practices that order many more tests , compared to their peers , irrespective of differences in patient demographics between regions . Further methods that have been used include identifying general practices that order a higher proportion of tests that return a normal result , and the identification of tests with large temporal increases in their use , without a justifiable reason .
Solutions to overdiagnosis
The concept of undiagnosing is a strategy to review diagnostic labels and remove those that are unnecessary or no longer beneficial . It is important that the medical record is updated to reflect the removal of the diagnosis .
Removing cancer from names of low-risk diagnoses
It has been proposed that some conditions that are indolent ( i.e. , unlikely to cause appreciable harm during the patient 's lifetime ) should have the words `` cancer '' or `` carcinoma '' removed from their accepted/preferred medical name . Such a proposal is to name conditions as indolent lesions of epithelial origin or IDLE .
See also
Disease mongering
False positive
Medicalization
Interventionism ( medicine )
Patient education
Schooliosis
Screening ( medicine )
References
Further reading
Welch , H. Gilbert , Schwartz , Lisa . Overdiagnosed : Making People Sick in the Pursuit of Health . Beacon Press ; 2011-01-18. .
Medical diagnosis
Medical terminology
Unnecessary health care
Paley , Austin and Paley was the title of a practice of architects in Lancaster , Lancashire in the 19th century . The practice had been founded in 1836 by Edmund Sharpe . The architects during the period covered by this list are E. G. Paley , Hubert Austin and E. G. Paley 's son Henry Paley . Henry Paley became a partner in 1886 and this partnership continued until the death of E. G. Paley in 1895 .
This list covers the works executed by the practice during the partnership of Paley , Austin and Paley . Because of the location of the practice , most of their ecclesiastical work was in the areas that are now Cumbria , Lancashire , and Greater Manchester , but examples can also be found in Cheshire , Merseyside , Yorkshire , Worcestershire and the West Midlands .
Key
Works
References
Citations
Sources
Gothic Revival architecture
Paley , Austin and Paley
Republic of the Congo–Yugoslavia relations were historical foreign relations between Republic of the Congo ( 1958–1969 ) or People 's Republic of the Congo ( 1969–1992 ) and now split-up Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . Formal diplomatic relations between the two countries were established in 1964 .
Both countries were active members of the Non-Aligned Movement during the Cold War . Within the Non-Aligned Movement which included a large number of participating states Yugoslavia and Congo belonged to different sub-groupings . Yugoslavia belonged to the movements self-described core members which advocated for equidistance towards both blocs during the Cold War , while Congo belonged to the group of self-described progressive members which promoted thesis of the natural identity of interest between Soviet socialism and colonial people of Africa and Asia independence struggle . This difference however did not prevent development of diplomatic relations between the two countries . Yugoslavia was represented in the Republic of the Congo via its Embassy in Brazzaville .
Two countries cooperated beyond the framework of the Non-Aligned Movement . During the Emergency Session of the United Nations General Assembly Yugoslavia proposed 29 Draft Resolution reacting to the Six-Day War which was co-sponsored by fourteen member states including Congo ( Brazzaville ) . Presidents of the People 's Republic of the Congo Marien Ngouabi officially visited Yugoslavia on 10–12 September 1975 .
Two countries established cooperation in various fields including in culture where Yugoslav Filmske novosti reached a significant level of cooperation of a scientific , technical and cultural nature . This lasting cooperation formed an extensive archive as well as Filmske novosti school that was attended by future cameramen and editors from African countries who later shaped their national cinema . The first formal two years long cultural collaboration program between the two countries was signed in 1968 .
See also
Tito-Stalin split
Yugoslavia and the Non-Aligned Movement
Yugoslavia and the Organisation of African Unity
Death and state funeral of Josip Broz Tito
Yugoslav Wars
Republic of the Congo Civil War ( 1993–1994 )
Republic of the Congo Civil War ( 1997–1999 )
References
Bilateral relations of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
Croatia–Republic of the Congo relations
Terry `` Mugs '' Stump ( August 28 , 1949 – May 21 , 1992 ) was a noted American rock climber and mountaineer , active in establishing difficult first ascents in the Alaska Range and the Canadian Rockies . He died from falling into a crevasse while descending the South Buttress of Denali on May 21 , 1992 while guiding clients Bob Hoffman and Nelson Max .
He is most noted for the first ascent of the Emperor Face on Mount Robson with Jim Logan , and for three routes in the Alaska Range , the East Face of The Moose 's Tooth , the Moonflower Buttress on Mount Hunter , and a one-day solo of Denali 's Cassin Ridge .
Climber Conrad Anker credits Stump as an influential climbing mentor in the film Meru .
Stump , along with his geologist brother , contributed to field safety for the United States Antarctic Program scientists and other working on the continent for the National Science Foundation .
The Mugs Stump Alpine Climbing Award for aspiring alpine climbers is named in his honor .
Early life
Mugs was born in Mifflintown , Pennsylvania , where he grew up fishing , hunting , and camping with his father Warren and three brothers .
First ascents and notable ascents
1978 Stump/Logan , Emperor Face , Mount Robson ( VI 5.9 A2 2500m ) with Jim Logan .
1981 Dance of the Woo Li Masters , East Face of The Moose 's Tooth , Ruth Gorge , Alaska , USA ( VI 5.9 WI4+ A4 , 1520m ) with Jim Bridwell
1981 Moonflower Buttress , North Buttress of Mount Hunter , Alaska Range ( Alaska Grade 6 : 5.8 A3 AI6 , 6100 ' ) with Paul Aubrey ( NZ ) . FA to ridge crest .
1987 South Face Broken Tooth , Ruth Gorge , Alaska Range ( IV 5.10+ A3 ) . FA with Steve Quinlan
1990 Rodeo Queen , Streaked Wall , Zion National Park , FA with Conrad Anker
1991 Freezer Burn aka Free or Burn ( IV 5.11+ ) , East Temple , Zion National Park , Utah ; FFA with Lynn Wheeler
1992 First winter ascent of Hallucinogin Wall , Black Canyon of the Gunnison , with John Middendorf . First Time a major Black Canyon big wall ascended in winter .
References
External links
The Dream – A Journey of the Spirit with Mugs Stump
mugs
American mountain climbers
American rock climbers
Mountaineering deaths
1992 deaths
1949 births
People from Juniata County , Pennsylvania
Ruth Marianna Handler ( Mosko ; November 4 , 1916 – April 27 , 2002 ) was an American businesswoman and inventor . Best known for inventing the Barbie doll in 1959 , she served as the first president of toy manufacturer Mattel , Inc. , which she co-founded with her husband in January 1945 until 1974 when the Handlers were forced to resign from Mattel , and in 1978 Ruth Handler was convicted of false reporting to the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Early life
Handler was born Ruth Marianna Mosko in Denver , Colorado , to Polish-Jewish immigrants Ida Mosko ( née Rubenstein ) and Jacob Mosko . She married her high school boyfriend , Elliot Handler , and moved to Los Angeles in 1938 . Her husband decided to make their furniture out of two newfound types of plastics , Lucite and Plexiglas . Ruth Handler suggested that he start doing this commercially and they began a furniture business . Ruth Handler worked as the sales force for the new business , landing contracts with Douglas Aircraft Company and others .
Formation of Mattel
Origin
As Ruth continued with her job at Paramount , Elliot tried his hand at a hobby of furniture making . With her husband 's successful usage of two new plastics ( Lucite and Plexiglas ) in the making of various pieces of furniture , Ruth saw the potential for an entrepreneurial endeavor . With him as the brains behind the design and her as the sales force , the two created Mattel , combining Elliot 's first name with that of their newfound partner , Harold `` Matt '' Matson . Following a dry spell within the furniture making industry , the Handlers began a stint within the plastic toy furniture manufacturer during World War II . With their newfound success , Ruth and Elliott believed that Mattel had the potential to move in a different direction .
Barbie
Two stories are often cited as Handler 's inspiration for the Barbie doll . The first details a trip to Europe with her husband and children , during which she saw a doll that looked like a woman ( which was vastly different from the typical baby dolls that many girls owned at the time ) . The other discusses a singular moment , in which Ruth witnessed her daughter Barbara playing with paper dolls in their home . Afterwards , Handler wanted to create a more realistic , 3D toy that represented what these girls `` wanted to be '' . While the timeline of/truth behind these stories has never been fully confirmed , Ruth pushed Mattel for the release of what was to be known as the Barbie doll ( named after her daughter Barbara ) .
Premiering at the American Toy Fair in New York City on March 9 , 1959 , Barbie was an instant success . Girls clamored for the doll , and Mattel sold 351,000 dolls within their first year . Ruth even negotiated a deal for the dolls to be advertised as the sole sponsors of the Mickey Mouse Club , and Barbie was the first toy to successfully be advertised directly to children . Soon after , they would add a boyfriend for Barbie named Ken , after the Handlers ' son , and many other characters that would complete Barbie 's world . While Barbie has faced its fair share of controversy over the years , having to do with everything from the doll 's “ questionable intelligence ” and hourglass physique to the introduction of the Ken doll in the 1960s as her `` handsome steady , ” Barbie 's allure has rarely faded , and today , Mattel has sold over 1 billion dolls , all with a series of personas from astronaut to businesswoman to UNICEF volunteer and beyond . In addition to the success of its dolls , Barbie has become a corporation , spanning a series of movies , TV shows , video games , celebrity collaborations , and essentially finding success in almost any form of media .
Later years
Handler was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1970 . To combat this , she had a modified radical mastectomy , which was often used at the time to combat the disease . Due to difficulties in finding a good breast prosthesis , Handler decided to make her own . With the help of new business partner Peyton Massey , and under her new company Ruthton Corp. , Handler manufactured a more realistic version of a woman 's breast , called `` Nearly Me '' . This invention became quite popular , and then-first lady Betty Ford was personally fitted for one .
Following the success of Ruthton Corp. and several investigations of producing fraudulent financial reports , Handler resigned from Mattel in 1974 . Investigations did continue after her resignation , and , in 1978 , Handler was charged with fraud and false reporting to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission . She pleaded no contest , and was fined US $ 57,000 and sentenced to 2,500 hours of community service . She blamed her illness for making her `` unfocused '' on her business .
Handler died in California from complications of surgery for colon cancer on April 27 , 2002 , aged 85 . Her husband Elliot died nine years later at the age of 95 .
References
Further reading
Forman-Brunell , Miriam . `` Barbie in '' LIFE '' : The Life of Barbie . '' Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth 2.3 ( 2009 ) : 303-311. online
Gerber , Robin . Barbie and Ruth : The Story of the World 's Most Famous Doll and the Woman Who Created Her . Harper/Collins , 2008 .
Weissman , Kristin Noelle . Barbie : The Icon , the Image , the Ideal : An Analytical Interpretation of the Barbie Doll in Popular Culture ( 1999 ) .
Wepman , Dennis . `` Handler , Ruth '' American National Biography ( 2000 ) online
External links
1916 births
2002 deaths
20th-century American inventors
American chief executives of manufacturing companies
American inventors
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
American retail chief executives
American toy industry businesspeople
American women chief executives
Barbie
Businesspeople from Denver
Businesspeople from Los Angeles
Mattel people
Toy inventors
Women inventors
Burials at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery
Free silver was a major economic policy issue in the United States in the late 19th-century . Its advocates were in favor of an expansionary monetary policy featuring the unlimited coinage of silver into money on-demand , as opposed to strict adherence to the more carefully fixed money supply implicit in the gold standard . Free silver became increasingly associated with populism , unions , and the fight of ordinary Americans against the bankers and monopolists , and the robber barons of the Gilded Age capitalism era and was referred to as the `` People 's Money '' .
Supporters of an important place for silver in a bimetallic money system making use of both silver and gold , called `` Silverites '' , sought coinage of silver dollars at a fixed weight ratio of 16-to-1 against dollar coins made of gold . Because the actual price ratio of the two metals was substantially higher in favor of gold at the time , most economists warned that the less valuable silver coinage would drive the more valuable gold out of circulation .
While all agreed that an expanded money supply would inevitably inflate prices , the issue was whether this inflation would be beneficial or not . The issue peaked from 1893 to 1896 , when the economy was suffering from a severe depression characterized by falling prices ( deflation ) , high unemployment in industrial areas , and severe distress for farmers . It ranks as the 11th largest decline in U.S. stock market history .
The `` free silver '' debate pitted the pro-gold financial establishment of the Northeast , along with railroads , factories , and businessmen , who were creditors deriving benefit from deflation and repayment of loans with valuable gold dollars , against farmers who would benefit from higher prices for their crops and an easing of credit burdens . Free silver was especially popular among farmers in the Wheat Belt ( the western Midwest ) and the Cotton Belt ( the Deep South ) , as well as silver miners in the West . It had little support among farmers in the Northeast and the Corn Belt ( the eastern Midwest ) .
Free silver was the central issue for Democrats in the presidential elections of 1896 and 1900 , under the leadership of William Jennings Bryan , famed for his Cross of Gold speech in favor of free silver . The Populists also endorsed Bryan and free silver in 1896 , which marked the effective end of their independence . In major elections , free silver was consistently defeated , and after 1896 the nation moved to the gold standard .
The debate over silver lasted from the passage of the Fourth Coinage Act in 1873 , which demonetized silver and was called the `` Crime of '73 '' by opponents , until 1963 , when the Silver Purchase Act of 1934 , which allowed the U.S. President and U.S Department of Treasury to regulate U.S silver , was completely repealed by Public Law 88-36 .
Definitions and explanation
Under the gold specie standard , anyone in possession of gold bullion could deposit it at a mint where it would then be processed into gold coins . Less a nominal seigniorage to cover processing costs , the coins would then be paid to the depositor ; this was free coinage of gold by definition . The objective of the free silver movement was that the mints should accept and process silver bullion according to the same principle , although the market value of the silver in circulating coins of the United States was substantially less than face value .
As a result , the monetary value of silver coins was based on government fiat rather than on the commodity value of their contents , and this became especially true following the huge silver strikes in the West , which further depressed the silver price . From that time until the early 1960s the silver content in United States dimes , quarters , half-dollars , and silver dollars was worth only a fraction of their face values . Free coinage of silver would have amounted to an increase in the money supply , resulting in inflation .
Response
Many populist organizations favored an inflationary monetary policy because it would enable debtors ( often farmers who had mortgages on their land ) to pay their debts off with cheaper , more readily available dollars . Those who would suffer under this policy were the creditors such as banks and landlords . The most vocal and best-organized supporters were the silver mine owners ( such as William Randolph Hearst ) and workers , and the western states and territories generally , as most U.S. silver production was based there and the region had a great number of highly indebted farmers and ranchers .
Outside the mining states of the West , the Republican Party steadfastly opposed free silver , arguing that the best road to national prosperity was `` sound money '' , or gold , which was central to international trade . They argued that inflation meant guaranteed higher prices for everyone , and real gains chiefly for the silver interests . In 1896 Senator Henry M. Teller of Colorado led many western Republicans to bolt and form a third party that supported Democratic presidential nominee William Jennings Bryan , the short-lived Silver Republican Party .
The Sherman Silver Purchase Act of 1890 , while falling short of free silver 's goals , required the U.S. government to buy millions of ounces of silver ( driving up the price of the metal and pleasing silver miners ) for money ( pleasing farmers and many others ) . However , the U.S. government paid for that silver bullion in gold notes—and actually reduced their coinage of silver . The result was a `` run '' on the U.S. Treasury 's gold reserves , which was one of the many reasons for the Panic of 1893 and the onset of the 1890s Depression . Once he regained power , and after the Panic of 1893 had begun , Grover Cleveland engineered the repeal of the act , setting the stage for the key issue of the next presidential election .
Climax
The Populist Party had a strong free-silver element . Its subsequent combination with the Democratic Party moved the latter from the support of the gold standard which had been the hallmark of the Cleveland administration to the free-silver position epitomized by 1896 presidential nominee William Jennings Bryan in his Cross of Gold speech . Bryan 's 1896 candidacy was supported by Populists and `` silver Republicans '' as well as by most Democrats .
The issue was over what would back the US currency . The two options were : gold ( wanted by the `` Goldbugs '' and William McKinley ) and silver ( wanted by the Silverites and Bryan ) . Unbacked paper ( wanted by the Greenbacks ) represented a third option . A fourth option , a currency backed by land value , was advocated by Senator Leland Stanford through several Senate bills introduced in 1890–1892 , but was always killed by the Senate Finance Committee .
Silver fraternal orders
Three fraternal organizations rose to prominence during the mid-1890s and supported the silver campaign in 1896 . They all disappeared after the failure of the campaign .
List of Silverite fraternal orders
Freemen 's Protective Silver Federation - Founded in 1894 in Spokane , Washington , it adopted a constitution , bylaws , and a ritual at Pullman , Washington late that year . Their stated goal was `` to unite the friends of silver under one banner to battle for the white metal and to wage war against the gold monopoly '' . It was reportedly an outgrowth of the National Order of Videttes . The order spread through the Pacific Coast states and east to the Missouri River . It claimed as many as 800,000 members in late 1896 , though Stevens considered this `` extravagant '' . Nevertheless , there was no doubt about its popularity and influence west of the Rocky Mountains during the 1896 free silver campaign . The obligation of the order was said to be `` most emphatic and binding '' and lawyers and bankers were barred from membership . The order was apparently defunct by the early 1920s .
Silver Knights of America - Founded early in 1895 to campaign for free silver , it was headquartered in Washington , D.C. , where it had a literary bureau . The governing body , the Supreme Temple , was incorporated as a stock company with $ 100,000 capital . Senator W. M. Stewart of Nevada was president , James Pait was vice-president , Oliver Sabin secretary , James A . B. Richard treasurer , and S. S. Yoder was the director-general . Many well-known current and former members of the House of Representatives were members . The organization was `` pushed simultaneously '' in Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , and Arkansas , from which it invaded the Democratic-leaning areas . There was a female branch , the Silver Ladies of America , which was `` intended to strongly develop the social feature of the organization '' . The order had a ritual , grips , passwords , and a burial service . The order became defunct after 1896 .
Patriots of America - It was founded in late 1895 by William Harvey to organize for free silver in the 1896 campaign . Officers of the order included First National Patriot William Harvey , National Recorder Charles H. McClure of Michigan , and National Treasurer James F. Adams of Michigan . Each state was also expected to have a First State Patriot and these officers would constitute the Congress of Patriots . Each county was also supposed to have a First Patriot . The `` First Patriots '' of the national , state , and county level were expected to make an oath refusing to ever serve in elective or appointive offices or to have property over $ 100,000 . There was an auxiliary organization , the Daughters of the Republic , which was tasked with looking after the poor of the Patriots of America . There were no dues and the order was financed through voluntary contributions . The order 's object was to swing one of the parties to a free silver platform in 1896 and , if that failed , to launch an independent free silver ticket . The order was expected to hold a ballot every four years to determine what cause and candidate it would support , however , the order appeared to become defunct after 1896 . Headquartered in Chicago .
Result
The city voters—especially German Americans—overwhelmingly rejected the free-silver cause out of the conviction that it would lead to economic disaster , unemployment , and higher prices . The diversified farmers of the Midwest and East opposed it as well , but the cotton farmers in the South and the wheat farmers in the West were enthusiastic for free silver . Bryan tried again in 1900 to raise the issue but lost by larger margins , and when he dropped the issue it fell out of circulation . Subsequent actions to revive the issue were unsuccessful .
Symbolism
Free silver became increasingly associated with populism , unions , and the fight of ordinary Americans against the bankers , railroad monopolists , and the robber barons of the Gilded Age capitalism era and was referred to as the `` People 's Money '' ( as opposed to the gold-based currency , which was portrayed by the Populists as the money of `` exploitation '' and `` oppression '' ) . William H. Harvey 's popular pamphlet Coin 's Financial School , issued in the aftermath of the Panic of 1893 , illustrated the `` restorative '' properties of silver ; through the devaluation of the currency , closed factories would reopen , darkened furnaces would be relit , and the like . But progressive activist Henry Demarest Lloyd held a harshly critical view , writing : `` The free silver movement is a fake . Free silver is the cowbird of the reform movement . It waited until the nest had been built by the sacrifices and labor of others , and then it lay its own eggs in it , pushing out the others which lie smashed on the ground . ''
Silver Purchase Act of 1934
In 1934 , the passage of the Silver Purchase Act revived the debate stirred by Grover Cleveland 's 1893 repeal of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act of 1890 . The new law granted the U.S. President and U.S. Secretary of Treasury the authority to purchase silver , issue silver certificates , and also nationalize U.S. mines . The law also included a 50¢ tax on profits from the transfer of silver bullion and financing a `` Silver Tax Stamp '' . After the law was passed , the U.S. Treasury paid rates for silver well over its 1934 value , achieving the hoped-for result , raising the price of silver from 45¢ to 81¢ an ounce . However , overprints on the Silver Stamp Taxes , which ranged from 1¢ to $ 1,000 , also presented a problem for free , nationally owned silver . These were stamps attached to transfer memorandums to indicate payment of the silver tax . In 1943 , the overprints were discontinued , and the Silver Purchase Act of 1934 would be fully repealed in 1963 .
See also
Alexander del Mar
Gresham 's law
Inflation
Silver Party
References
Further reading
Coletta , Paolo E. `` Greenbackers , Goldbugs , and Silverites : Currency Reform and Politics , 1860-1897 , '' in H. Wayne Morgan ( ed . ) , The Gilded Age : A Reappraisal . Syracuse , NY : Syracuse University Press , 1963 ; pp . 111–139 .
Kazin , Michael . A Godly Hero : The Life of William Jennings Bryan ( 2007 )
Gramm , Marshall . `` The Free Silver Movement in America : A Reinterpretation , '' Journal of Economic History , vol . 64 , no . 4 ( Dec 2004 ) , pp . 1108–1129 .
Ritter , Gretchen . Goldbugs and Greenbacks : The Antimonopoly Tradition and the Politics of Finance in America . ( 1997 )
Rockoff , Hugh . `` The 'Wizard of Oz ' as a monetary allegory , '' Journal of Political Economy , vol . 98 , no . 4 ( Aug. 1990 ) , pp . 739–60 in JSTOR
Wells , Wyatt . `` Rhetoric of the Standards : The Debate over Gold and Silver in the 1890s , '' Journal of the Gilded Age and Progressive Era , ( Jan. 2015 ) 14 # 1 pp . 49–68 .
Weiss , Colin . 2019 . `` Contractionary Devaluation Risk : Evidence from the Free Silver Movement , 1878-1900 . '' The Review of Economics and Statistics
Williams , R. Hal . Realigning America : McKinley , Bryan , and the Remarkable Election of 1896 . Lawrence , KS : University Press of Kansas , 2010 .
External links
The Money Question of the 51st Congress : Speeches before the 51st Congress ( 1889-1891 ) regarding `` free silver '' , digitized and available on FRASER
The Money Question of the 52nd Congress : Speeches before the 52nd Congress ( 1891–1893 ) regarding `` free silver '' , digitized and available on FRASER
The Money Question of the 53rd Congress : Speeches before the 53rd Congress ( 1893–1895 ) regarding `` free silver '' , digitized and available on FRASER
Free silver cartoons from Judge
Economic history of the United States
Economic ideologies
Silver
Metallism
Asllan Rusi ( 4 October 1944—1983 ) was a former Albanian volleyball player who played for Dinamo Tirana and the Albanian national team . Albania 's main indoor sporting arena , the Asllan Rusi Sports Palace , is named after him . He is a 12 time national champion and a 7 time cup winner in Albania and he earned 40 international caps with Albania .
References
1944 births
1983 deaths
Sportspeople from Tirana
Albanian men 's volleyball players
Ciclometasone ( brand names Cycloderm , Telocort ) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which is marketed in Italy .
References
Amines
Carboxylic acids
Chloroarenes
Corticosteroid esters
Diketones
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Triols
Roslyn Place is a collection of houses located at 506-523 & 525 Roslyn Place in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Built between 1914 and 1917 in the Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival architectural styles , the houses currently serve residential functions .
History
Until the late 1800s the area that would become Roslyn Place was a lot owned by J.W . Friday . It included a single wooden house surrounded by four wooden outbuildings . By 1904 the property was owned by Thomas Rodd , and the adjacent land to the southwest was owned by M.W . Rodd and served as the home of the Rodd family . Thomas Rodd was born in London , England and immigrated to the United States at the age of 5 , and he served as an officer in the Navy during the American Civil War . Shortly afterwards he eventually joined the Pennsylvania Railroad Company where he would be appointed to chief engineer for all lines west of Pittsburgh in 1889 . It was at this time that he moved to Pittsburgh , and the Rodd family quickly became members of Pittsburgh 's social elite . He joined the Pittsburgh Club , the Duquesne Club , the Allegheny County Club , the Pittsburgh Golf Club , the University Club of Pittsburgh , the Metropolitan Club of New York , and the Chicago Club . The Rodd family was of such social status that even their vacations and work travel were reported in prominent newspapers . Thomas Rodd also played a role in the construction of many buildings in western Pennsylvania and the Midwest , and he was responsible for designing and constructing Roslyn Place . Rodd was also responsible for constructing the historic street which the houses sat on , also called Roslyn Place . In 1914 construction began when the City Council passed ordinance No . 181 , which approved of Rodd 's plans for the creation of Roslyn Place . In the same year the City Council passed ordinance No . 240 , which authorized the purchase of a water pipeline connecting to Roslyn Place . This is representative of the progress and modernization that occurred with the new development . The construction continued for the next two years and finished in 1917 , and the advertisements of the new development were published . The houses in the constructed neighborhood served as mainly rental properties owned by the Rodd family until the 1950s when the individual homes were sold . The houses continue to serve residential functions and the Roslyn Place neighborhood was nominated in October 2017 to become a City Historic District by Preservation Pittsburgh .
Architecture
The district was designed by Thomas Rodd in the Colonial Revival architectural style , with significant Georgian Revival influences . Examples of the Colonial Revival style are rare within the City of Pittsburgh . The scale , uniformity , and quality of design are what make Roslyn Place 's Colonial Revival elements exceptional . Roslyn Place also has significant Georgian Revival elements , and these can be seen with the symmetrical facades , the hemispherical hoods , the pediment porches , the use of brick , and the coffered design elements on the porches and hoods . The street Roslyn Place is also notable as an example of Nicolson pavement . The neighborhood 's design and planning approach is widely recognized , most notably by acclaimed urban planner Allan Jacobs .
Gallery
References
Mount Verhage ( ) is a prominent mountain ( ) standing directly at the head of Smithson Glacier in the Bowers Mountains in Antarctica . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1960–62 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Lieutenant Ronald G. Verhage , U.S. Navy , supply officer at McMurdo Station , winter party , 1967 .
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Bob White Covered Bridge , also known as the Lower Covered Bridge or Woolwine Covered Bridge , was a county-owned wooden covered bridge that spanned the Smith River in Patrick County , Virginia , United States . It was located on the old portion of Bob White Road ( SR 869 ) off State Route 8 southeast of the community of Woolwine , about 13 miles ( 21 kilometers ) north of Stuart . Coordinates were ( 36.779117 , −80.247572 ) .
Built in 1921 , the 80-foot ( 24-meter ) bridge was a Queen-post truss construction over two spans . Its WGCB number was 46-68-01 . The Bob White Covered Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 22 , 1973 . It was one of two historic covered bridges remaining in Patrick County , maintained by the Patrick County government . The bridge washed away and was destroyed in major flooding on September 29 , 2015 , and subsequently removed from the National Register in 2017 .
History
The Bob White Covered Bridge was constructed by Walter G. Weaver of Woolwine , named for the former Bob White Post Office , which in turn was named after the bobwhite quails that inhabit the area . It served as an access route to the Smith River Church of the Brethren , located on the south side of the river . The bridge was bypassed to the west with a concrete bridge in 1981 . Although closed to motor traffic , the Bob White Covered Bridge still attracted numerous visitors . The bridge was the site of annual horse-drawn wagon rides as part of the Patrick County Covered Bridge Festival held every June .
See also
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
List of covered bridges in Virginia
References
Dale J. Travis Covered Bridges . Bob White CB : Credits . Retrieved Nov. 13 , 2007 .
Virginia is for Lovers : Covered Bridges in Virginia . Bob White CB : Credits . Retrieved Nov. 13 , 2007 .
Virginia Department of Transportation . Bob White CB : Credits . Retrieved Nov. 13 , 2007 .
Tc2U Photographs . Bob White CB : Credits . Retrieved Nov. 13 , 2007 .
Patrick County Chamber of Commerce . Bob White CB : Credits . Retrieved Nov. 13 , 2007 .
External links
Bob White Covered Bridge ( Virginia Department of Transportation )
Bob White Covered Bridge ( Virginia Tourism Corporation )
Bob White Covered Bridge ( Dale J. Travis )
Bridges completed in 1921
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Wooden bridges in Virginia
Transportation in Patrick County , Virginia
Tourist attractions in Patrick County , Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Patrick County , Virginia
Buildings and structures demolished in 2015
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Burr Truss bridges in the United States
Former National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
1921 establishments in Virginia
2015 disestablishments in Virginia
Buildings and structures destroyed by flooding
LaVergne Glacier ( ) is a tributary glacier about long , flowing east along the southern slopes of the Seabee Heights of Antarctica to enter Liv Glacier close southwest of McKinley Nunatak . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Commander Cornelius B. de LaVergne , Deputy Commander of Antarctic Support Activity at McMurdo Station during U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze , 1961 .
References
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
Vaygach ( ) is a shallow-draught nuclear-powered icebreaker . She was built in 1989 for the Soviet Union by Wärtsilä Marine Helsinki Shipyard in Finland by order of the Murmansk Shipping Company . Her sister ship is Taymyr .
Career
2011 fire
On 15 December 2011 , two crew members died and a third one was seriously injured in a fire on board Vaygach while the icebreaker was escorting merchant ships from Dudinka to Murmansk . The fire , which started in one of the crew cabins presumably due to negligence and was extinguished by the crew by 04:00 Moscow time , did not cause any damage to the ship 's nuclear reactor .
Design
General characteristics
While Vaygach is slightly smaller than the Arktika-class nuclear icebreakers , with an overall length of nearly and beam of she is still among the largest polar icebreakers ever built . At the maximum draught of , Vaygach has a displacement of 21,000 tons . However , she can also operate at a reduced draught of only .
Vaygach has a traditional icebreaker hull with highly raked stem and sloping sides to reduce the ice loads in compressive ice fields and improve maneuverability . The special cold-resistant steel used in the hull was delivered by the Soviet Union . Although designed for a crew of slightly over 100 , the large superstructure of Vaygach contains accommodation and facilities for 138 personnel . In addition to messes and other social premises , there is a large auditorium that doubles as a recreational room and a winter garden that can be used to provide fresh vegetables for the crew during the polar night . In the aft , there is a helideck and a hangar for single Kamov Ka-32 helicopter . Being an escort icebreaker , Vaygach is equipped with a standard towing winch and a stern notch for close towing in difficult conditions .
Vaygach is classified by the Russian Maritime Register of Shipping with the Russian ice class LL2 , which means that she is intended for icebreaking operations on Arctic coastal routes in level ice up to thick during winter and spring . The shallow draught of the icebreaker allows it to operate in rivers , estuaries and other locations where the water is not deep enough for bigger Arktika-class icebreakers and the ice conditions are so severe that refueling of diesel-powered icebreakers would be difficult , even impossible .
When the Taymyr-class icebreakers were designed , considerable effort was put into improving the safety of these nuclear-powered ships . The vessels were designed to operate in areas where there might be only of water beneath the keel , less than the thickness of the ice floes the icebreaking bow is pushing under the ship . The scenarios used for structural dimensioning of the reactor compartment and shielding included a 25,000-ton SA-15 type arctic freighter striking the icebreaker amidships at . Furthermore , all critical systems are duplicated to improve reliability and allow the ship to maintain most of its operational capability after a collision .
Power and propulsion
Vaygach is powered by a single KLT-40M nuclear fission reactor located amidships with a thermal output of 171 MW . The nuclear power plant on board the icebreaker produces superheated steam , which is used to generate electricity for the propulsion motors and other shipboard consumers as well as heat to maintain operational capability at . Vaygach has two main turbogenerators aft of the reactor compartment consisting of Soviet-made steam turbines coupled to Siemens generators , each producing 18,400 kW of electricity at 3,000 rpm for the propulsion motors . In addition the ship has two auxiliary turbogenerators , manufactured in the Soviet Union , which produce 2,000 kW of electrical power for shipboard consumers .
Vaygach has a nuclear-turbo-electric powertrain , in which steam produced by the nuclear reactor is converted first into electricity , which in turn rotates the propulsion motors coupled to the propellers . The ship has three shafts with Strömberg AC motors controlled by cycloconverters . The propulsion motors are coupled directly to four-bladed fixed pitch propellers rotating at 180 rpm . The ship can maintain a speed of in open water and in level ice .
If the nuclear power can not be utilized , electricity can also be produced by three 16-cylinder Wärtsilä 16V22 medium-speed diesel engines coupled to 3,200 kVA Strömberg alternators . Two of the three generating sets , located ahead of the reactor compartment under the superstructure , can be used to provide approximately 4 MW of power for the propulsion motors while the third takes care of the auxiliary load . In case of emergency Vaygach also has two 200 kW emergency diesel generators of Soviet origin .
Vaygach and her sister ship are one of the last icebreakers equipped with Wärtsilä Air Bubbling System ( WABS ) . When pressurized air released from nozzles located below the waterline , it lubricates the hull and , by reducing friction between steel and ice , improves the ship 's ability to operate in difficult ice conditions such as pressure ridges and reduces the risk of becoming stuck in ice .
See also
Arktika-class icebreaker
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20071031041247/http : //www.carc.org/pubs/v16no4/8.htm Soviet Arctic Marine Transportation ( 1988 ) .
Icebreakers of the Soviet Union
Nuclear-powered icebreakers
Icebreakers of Russia
Ships built in Helsinki
Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten ( 14 March 1706 , Wolmirstedt , Duchy of Magdeburg – 4 July 1757 , Halle ) was a German Protestant theologian . He was a brother to philosopher Alexander Gottlieb Baumgarten ( 1714–1762 ) .
Biography
Baumgarten studied theology at the University of Halle , and in 1728 the 22-year-old Baumgarten , a Hallensian Pietist and bibliophile , was appointed as minister of the `` Marktkirche Unser Lieben Frauen '' ( Market Church of Our Dear Lady ) . In 1730 he became an associate professor at Halle , where in 1734 he was appointed a full professor of theology . In 1748 he was named as university rector . At the end of his life he translated encyclopedic articles and biographies from English into German .
Baumgarten was a follower of the philosophical teachings of Christian Wolff ( 1679-1754 ) , and is regarded as a transitional theologian from the Pietism of Philipp Jakob Spener ( 1635-1705 ) and August Hermann Francke ( 1663-1727 ) to that of modern rationalism . He was a prodigious writer and published works on exegesis , hermeneutics , dogmatics and history . He was the editor of the first sixteen volumes of the Allgemeine Welthistorie ( General World History ) , which after his death , was continued by his assistant Johann Salomo Semler ( 1725-1791 ) .
Other noted works by Baumgarten include :
Auszug der Kirchengeschichte ( Compendium of church history ) , Halle 1743–63 ( three volumes )
Geschichte der Religionsparteien ( History of religious parties ) , Halle 1755
Nachrichten von merkwürdigen Büchern ( Notices of extraordinary books ) , Halle 1752–57 ( 12 volumes )
Nachrichten von einer hallischen Bibliothek , ( Notices from the Halle Library ) , Halle 1748–58
Notes
References
English translation
Schaff Encyclopedia ( biographical information )
Parts of this article are based on a translation of an article from the German Wikipedia .
1706 births
1757 deaths
People from Wolmirstedt
People from the Duchy of Magdeburg
German Lutheran theologians
18th-century German Protestant theologians
German male non-fiction writers
University of Halle alumni
University of Halle faculty
18th-century German male writers
`` Flashdance '' is a song by American electronic music duo Deep Dish with the vocals from Anousheh Khalili . It is a cover of `` He 's a Dream '' by Shandi Sinnamon , from the Flashdance soundtrack . Released in 2004 , the song received positive critical reviews and became a hit in several countries , including the United Kingdom , where it debuted and peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart .
Reception
Critical response
Ben Hogwood of musicOMH was favorable of the song , saying that `` Flashdance '' has given Deep Dish `` a huge worldwide club hit , its full-bodied hook picked up by many a DJ '' . Hogwood named it the most commercial track on the album , which according to him `` loosely follows the lead of its predecessor , teaming moody instrumentals with club based vocal tracks '' .
The remix `` Flashdance ( Guetta & Garraud F * * * Me I 'm Famous Remix ) '' was nominated to the Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording , Non-Classical .
Chart performance
For the chart issue dated October 9 , 2004 , `` Flashdance '' debuted at number three on the UK Singles Chart , becoming Deep Dish 's first and only single to reach the UK top 10 . It was the second-highest entry for that week , behind `` I Hope You Dance '' by Ronan Keating . `` Flashdance '' peaked at number 14 on the Australian Singles Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association , denoting shipments of 35,000 copies .
Track listings
US CD single and digital EP
`` Flashdance '' ( radio edit ) – 4:00
`` Flashdance '' ( original club mix ) – 11:10
`` Flashdance '' ( Skylark Remix ) – 10:44
`` Flashdance '' ( Raul Rincon Remix ) – 7:49
`` Flashdance '' ( Guetta & Garraud F * * * Me I 'm Famous Remix ) – 9:17
`` Flashdance '' ( Meat Katie Remix ) – 6:35
`` Flashdance '' ( Meat Katie Dub ) – 6:19
UK 12-inch single 1
A1 . `` Flashdance '' ( Flashdance club ) – 11:12
AA1 . `` Flashdance '' ( Meat Katie Remix ) – 6:33
AA2 . `` Flashdance '' ( Meat Katie Dub ) – 6:33
UK 12-inch single 2
A1 . `` Flashdance '' ( Skylark Remix ) – 10:42
AA1 . `` Flashdance '' ( Raul Rincon Remix ) – 7:46
AA2 . `` Flashdance '' ( Guetta & Garraud F * * * Me I 'm Famous Remix ) – 6:56
UK CD single
`` Flashdance '' ( radio edit ) – 3:13
`` Flashdance '' ( original club mix—UK radio version ) – 7:49
`` Flashdance '' ( Skylark Remix ) – 6:56
`` Flashdance '' ( Raul Rincon Remix ) – 7:46
`` Flashdance '' ( Guetta & Garraud F * * * Me I 'm Famous Remix ) – 6:56
`` Flashdance '' ( Meat Katie Remix ) – 6:33
Australian CD single
`` Flashdance '' ( radio edit )
`` Flashdance '' ( Guetta & Garraud F * * * Me I 'm Famous Remix )
`` Flashdance '' ( Skylark Remix )
`` Flashdance '' ( Meat Katie Remix )
`` Flashdance '' ( original club mix—UK radio version )
Remix
In 2005 a mashup of `` Flashdance '' with the Dire Straits song `` Money for Nothing '' was included on the George Is On album . The remix , titled `` Flashing For Money '' and arranged by DJ Sultan , appeared as a b-side on Deep Dish Records single releases of `` Say Hello '' , and was released as an a-side single on the Absolute Sound label in France .
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2004 singles
2004 songs
Deep Dish ( band ) songs
Positiva Records singles
The United States Third Fleet is one of the numbered fleets in the United States Navy . Third Fleet 's area of responsibility includes approximately fifty million square miles of the eastern and northern Pacific Ocean areas including the Bering Sea , Alaska , the Aleutian Islands , and a sector of the Arctic . Major oil and trade sea lines of communication within this area are critically important to the economic health of the United States and friendly nations throughout the Pacific Rim region .
First established in 1943 , the Third Fleet conducted extensive operations against Japanese forces in the Central Pacific during World War II . Deactivated in 1945 , the fleet remained inactive until 1973 , when it was reactivated and assumed its current responsibilities .
Mission
The Third Fleet plans and executes naval operations in the Pacific Ocean . The fleet provides maritime homeland defense , regional security , and humanitarian operations support through integrated naval and coastguard forces acting as a single Sea Service . It strengthens relations between the U.S. and its allies and partners through joint , inter-agency and multinational exercises and operations like Rim of the Pacific , Pacific Partnership , and Fleet Weeks . The Third Fleet ensures realistic , relevant training to its personnel so they have the necessary skills to promote peace and prevail in conflict .
The Third Fleet is a combat-ready power in control of ships , submarines , and aircraft stationed in California , Washington , and Hawaii . The Third Fleet 's sea-going force includes five aircraft carrier strike groups , each consisting of a combination of cruisers , destroyers , and frigates . They also have more than 30 submarines and a dozen supply ships to support the strike groups . Third Fleet 's air forces comprises more than 400 Navy aircraft , including Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets , Northrop Grumman E-2C Hawkeyes , McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II , Bell AH-1Z SuperCobra and Sikorsky SH-60 Seahawk helicopters .
History
World War II
The Third Fleet was originally formed during World War II on 15 March 1943 under the command of Admiral William F. Halsey . Its on-shore headquarters in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii was established on 15 June 1944 . The ships of the Third Fleet also formed the basis of the Fifth Fleet , formed on 26 April 1944 , which was the designation of the `` Big Blue Fleet '' when under the command of Admiral Raymond A. Spruance . Spruance and Halsey alternated command of the fleet for major operations , allowing the other admiral and his staff time to plan for subsequent operations . A secondary benefit was confusing the Japanese into thinking that there were actually two separate fleets as the fleet designation flipped back and forth .
While under Halsey 's command as the Third Fleet , the fleet operated in and around the Solomon Islands , the Philippines , Formosa , Okinawa , the Ryukyu Islands , and the Japanese Home Islands , first with the battleship and , from May 1945 to the end of the war , the battleship as its flagship . As the Third Fleet , it took part in the Palau Islands campaign of September–November 1944 and the Philippines campaign of 1944–1945 , defeated the Imperial Japanese Navy in two of the four major actions – the Battle of the Sibuyan Sea and the Battle off Cape Engaño – that made up the Battle of Leyte Gulf in October 1944 , encountered the damaging Typhoon Cobra in December 1944 , endured Typhoon Connie in June 1945 , and took part in the war 's final operations in Japanese waters in the summer of 1945 , launching air attacks on Tokyo , the naval base at Kure , and the island of Hokkaidō and bombarding several Japanese coastal cities with naval gunfire .
The British Pacific Fleet was operating as Task Force 57 of the Fifth Fleet when Halsey relieved Spruance of command in May 1945 . Like the rest of the Fifth Fleet 's ships , the British ships were resubordinated from Spruance 's Fifth Fleet to Halsey 's Third Fleet . The British Pacific Fleet then constituted Task Force 37 under the Third Fleet 's operational command through the end of World War II on 15 August 1945 .
The Third Fleet 's next major combat operation would have been Operation Olympic , the invasion of Kyushu in the Japanese Home Islands , scheduled to begin on 1 November 1945 , during which it would have operated simultaneously with the Fifth Fleet for the first time . The end of the war made this operation unnecessary .
Embarked aboard Missouri , Admiral Halsey led the Third Fleet into Tokyo Bay on 29 August 1945 . On 2 September 1945 , the documents of surrender of the Japanese Empire ending the war were signed on Missouris deck . The Third Fleet remained in Japanese waters until late September 1945 , when its ships were directed to proceed to the United States West Coast . On 7 October 1945 , the Third Fleet was designated a reserve fleet and decommissioned from active status .
Re-establishment and after
On 1 February 1973 , following a reorganization of the Pacific Fleet , the Third Fleet was recommissioned as an active fleet and assumed the duties of the former First Fleet and Pacific Anti-Submarine Warfare Force located at Ford Island , Hawaii . Third Fleet 's new duties were to train naval forces for overseas deployment and evaluate state-of-the-art technology for fleet use . Additionally , Third Fleet could deploy in the event of a major conflict .
On 26 November 1986 , Commander , Third Fleet shifted his flag from his headquarters ashore to resume status as an afloat commander for the first time since World War II , aboard . In August 1991 , Third Fleet 's commander , his staff and the command ship Coronado shifted homeports to San Diego . In September 2003 , Commander , Third Fleet shifted his flag from the command ship Coronado to headquarters ashore at Point Loma , San Diego , California .
USS Ronald Reagan and other Third Fleet ships participated in the International Fleet Review ( IFR ) commemorating the 100th birthday of the Royal Canadian Navy in Victoria , British Columbia . Joining Ronald Reagan for the naval review were the cruiser , the destroyer , and the frigate . The naval review took place 9–12 June 2010 , and it involved 21 naval ships and more than 8,000 naval personnel from Canada , the French Navy , the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force , the Royal Australian Navy , the Royal New Zealand Navy , and the United States .
In 2015 , Nora Tyson was installed as the new commander of the Third Fleet , making her the first woman to lead a numbered fleet in the U.S. Navy .
Current operations
Third Fleet 's primary mission is one of conflict deterrence , but in the event of general war , it would conduct prompt and sustained combat operations at sea . Such operations would be executed well forward and early in a conflict to carry out the primary wartime mission of Third Fleet—the defense of the western sea approaches to the United States , including Alaska and the Aleutian Islands . There are four Carrier Strike Groups reportedly assigned to the Third Fleet : and Carrier Strike Group Eleven ; and Carrier Strike Group One ; and Carrier Strike Group Nine ; and and Carrier Strike Group Three .
In peacetime , Third Fleet continually trains Navy and U.S. Marine Corps forces for their expeditionary warfare mission . Third Fleet training has been designed to ensure that deploying forces are fully prepared for joint operations . All training is conducted within a joint environment—employing joint doctrine , terminology , procedures , command and control—to ensure that forces are ready to join with the other United States armed forces branches under a joint command structure .
Commander , Third Fleet is also designated as a Joint Task Force ( JTF ) commander . In that capacity , the commander and their staff may be assigned responsibilities for command of joint U.S. forces deployed in response to a specific event or contingency . As such , the JTF commander reports via a joint chain of command to a unified commander . Commander , U.S. Pacific Command is the unified commander in the Pacific theater .
To allow 7th Fleet to focus more resources on a potential North Korean contingency , the 3rd Fleet is building up its ability to operate forces beyond the International Date Line , in areas of the Western Pacific hitherto commanded by 7th Fleet . The `` 3rd Fleet Forward '' concept was announced by U.S. Pacific Fleet commander Admiral Scott Swift in 2015 , but 3rd Fleet commander Vice Adm. Nora Tyson said at the `` WEST 2017 '' conference that the North Korean threat was a main driver behind this effort :
`` What we have done in the past really 18 months is we , 3rd Fleet , have worked very closely with 7th Fleet and PACFLT in developing our , 3rd fleet 's , capability to command and control forces forward in the Western Pacific , with the assumption that if something were to happen – and as [ Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin , Commander 7th Fleet ] said , the number-one probability fight-tonight scenario would be on the Korean Peninsula .
`` If that were the case , the assumption is that [ Aucoin ] and his team would be pretty busy up there .. working for General Brooks [ ComUSFK/CFC/UNC ] and 3rd Fleet would be available to provide that command element to handle whatever else may happen in the Pacific Fleet AOR ... be it a major humanitarian disaster requiring that level of [ joint task force ] three-star commander , be it some scenario , maritime security issue in the South China Sea . So we have been working very closely with 7th Fleet , [ Aucoin ] and his team , and PACFLT to ensure that we have the connective tissue where if something were to happen that 3rd Fleet could very quickly respond , complement [ Aucoin ] and his team and handle whatever scenario may come to pass in the Pacific theater . ''
In April 2016 , Vice Admiral Tyson deployed a three-ship Surface Action Group of warships ( Momsen , Spruance , and ) ) to the Western Pacific . On Oct. 21 , one of them , the destroyer USS Decatur conducted a `` Freedom of Navigation '' passage near the Paracel Islands , separately claimed by the PRC , Vietnam and Taiwan . All three ships remained under Third Fleet command during the entire operation . As Tyson partially acknowledged during her WEST 2017 conference remarks , `` the Chinese know that this administrative ( and ) operational innovation is directed at them , '' said Toshi Yoshihara , a U.S . Naval War College professor in January 2017 .
Component units
U.S. Third Fleet component units include the following :
Carrier Strike Group One
Carrier Strike Group Three
Carrier Strike Group Nine
Carrier Strike Group Eleven
Expeditionary Strike Group Three
Naval Surface Group Mid-Pacific
Littoral Combat Ship Squadron One
Helicopter Maritime Strike Wing
Commander , Strike Force Training Pacific
Explosive Ordnance Disposal Group One
Coastal Riverine Group One
Navy Air and Missile Defense Command
Naval Mine and Anti-Submarine Warfare Command
Submarine and Theater Anti-Submarine Warfare Force Third Fleet
Task Forces
List of commanders
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Commander , United States Navy Third Fleet homepage
03
03
Military units and formations established in 1943
Mateba , a contraction of the Italian words Macchine Termo-Balistiche ( Thermo-Ballistic Machines ) , was an Italian machine manufacturer based in Pavia , Italy . It is better known for its low-barrelled revolver pistols that it produced under the leadership of Emilio Ghisoni . After a change in ownership and poor sales , the Mateba company closed in 2005 , but reopened in 2014 in Montebelluna under the ownership of Domenico Libro . In 2022 this latest incarnation of Mateba got shut down owing to allegations of fraud and violations of Italian firearms law .
Products
MT1 , .22long rifle semi-automatic sport pistol
MTR Series - ( MTR equals Ma Teba Revolver ) family of double/single action all-steel revolvers in which Ghisoni placed the barrel as low as possible with the cylinder in front of the triggerguard and using high-capacity cylinders . The MTR series were designed for Rapid Fire competition shooting , with barrel weights , and the low muzzle to minimize climb ;
MTR-8 - 8 rounds of .38 caliber ammunition ,
MTR-12 - 12 rounds of .32 caliber ammunition ,
MTR-14 - 14 rounds of .22LR .
2006M - 6 rounds of .357/.38 caliber ammunition
Model 6 Unica ( generally known simply as the Mateba or the Mateba Autorevolver ) , available .357 magnum , .44 magnums , and .454 Casull .
Grifone Carbine- 18 inch barrel version of the Model 6 Unica in two versions :
one with wood furniture finishes , overfolding barrel and in .357-Magnum ,
with fixed stock , stainless steel and wooden finishes , and in .44-Remington Magnum .
See also
Chiappa Rhino - Designed by Emilio Ghisoni but built by Chiappa Firearms
Notes
External links
Internet Archive copy of official site as it was last seen .
Firearm manufacturers of Italy
Privately held companies of Italy
Italian brands
FPB may refer to :
FPB ( band ) , a Czech punk rock band
FPB-TV , an American television station
Fast patrol boat
Federal Planning Bureau of Belgium
Federation of Trade Unions of Belarus
Fibrinopeptide B , a compound in coagulation
Film and Publication Board , in South Africa
First Pacific Bank , a Hong Kong bank
First Premier Bank
Popular Forces of Burundi , a Congolese rebel group
Forum of Private Business , in the United Kingdom
Progressive Citizens ' Party in Liechtenstein ( German : )
Four-point flexural test , Four Point Bending test in mechanical characterization
Femoral Popliteal Bypass surgery , a type of surgery
Brandon Agounon ( born 19 October 1994 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Orléans .
Club career
Agounon joined Clermont in 2012 from Caen . He made his Ligue 2 debut on 18 October 2013 against Nancy in a 3–2 away defeat . In August 2017 , he was loaned to Boulogne for the 2017–18 season . He left in June 2018 to join Ermis Aradippou in Cyprus .
In June 2019 , Agounon returned to France with Villefranche . In July 2020 , he signed a two-year deal with Bourg-en-Bresse . In 2022 , Agounon joined Orléans .
International career
Agounon has previously been called up by youth teams of DR Congo .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Caen
Association football defenders
French footballers
French sportspeople of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
Black French sportspeople
Citizens of the Democratic Republic of the Congo through descent
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Stade Malherbe Caen players
Clermont Foot players
US Boulogne players
Ermis Aradippou FC players
FC Villefranche Beaujolais players
Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 players
US Orléans players
Dade County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia . It occupies the northwest corner of Georgia , and the county 's own northwest corner is the westernmost point in the state . As of the 2020 census , the population is 16,633 . The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Trenton . Dade County is part of the Chattanooga , TN–GA Metropolitan Statistical Area . In 1860 , residents of Dade County voted to secede from the state of Georgia and from the United States , but no government outside the county ever recognized this gesture as legal . In 1945 , the county symbolically `` rejoined '' Georgia and the United States .
History
Dade County was established in 1837 and was named for Major Francis Langhorne Dade , who was killed in the Dade Massacre by Seminole Indians in December 1835 . The first settlers of Dade County won the land in the Georgia Land Lotteries , held to encourage settlement after the Cherokee people were forced off the land . Many settlers worked in regional coke and coal mines that contributed to development of the Chattanooga , Tennessee area .
The area was long isolated by its geography of mountains and rivers , which some historians say contributed to early residents ' separatist attitudes . For the first century of Dade County 's existence , no road connected it directly to the rest of Georgia , so visitors from elsewhere in the state had to reach it by way of Alabama or Tennessee . That changed in 1939 with the establishment of Cloudland Canyon State Park , and Georgia began work on Highway 136 to connect U.S. 41 to the recently created park . The Civilian Conservation Corps built many of the facilities and access roads to the park .
Dade County had a short-lived state secessionist movement before the American Civil War . In 1860 , county residents wanted to secede from the Union , but lawmakers for the state of Georgia were cautious . Legend has it that in 1860 , the people of Dade County were so impatient that they announced their own secession from both Georgia and the United States . On July 4 , 1945 , a telegram from President Harry S. Truman was read at a celebration marking the county 's `` rejoining '' the Union . Historians say Dade 's individual secession and readmission were symbolic and had no legal effect . They say that officially , Dade County seceded along with the state of Georgia in 1861 and re-entered the Union with the state in 1870 .
The noted Southern humorist , author and seminal writer of Southern humor George Washington Harris ( 1814-1869 ) is buried in the Brock Cemetery in Trenton . Although he greatly influenced the literary works of Mark Twain , William Faulkner , and Flannery O'Connor , his grave was not verified and given a marker until 2008 .
In 1964 , Covenant College established a campus at Lookout Mountain . Founded in 1955 in California , it was ready to expand after a year . Several professors led Covenant to move to St. Louis , Missouri , where it developed for eight years . After outgrowing its facilities there , the college decided to move to Dade County .
Quarter controversy
Shortly after the Georgia State Quarter was released by the US Mint , Dade County gained attention because of an apparent mistake in the design . As shown on the quarter , the state appears to lack Dade County , in the extreme northwestern part of the state . Some accounts in 2012 suggest the exclusion was intended to refer to the local legend of Dade County 's secession from Georgia .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
The county , like most northwest Georgia , is entrenched in the southern Appalachian Mountains . In addition , a vast majority of the county is located in the Middle Tennessee-Chickamauga sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin . A very small part of the southernmost tip of the county is located in the Upper Coosa River sub-basin in the ACT River Basin ( Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin ) , while a small part of the westernmost portion of Dade County is located in the Guntersville Lake sub-basin in the Middle Tennessee-Elk basin .
Major highways
Adjacent counties
Marion County , Tennessee ( north/CST Border )
Hamilton County , Tennessee ( northeast )
Walker County ( southeast )
DeKalb County , Alabama ( southwest/CST Border )
Jackson County , Alabama ( west/CST Border )
Protected areas
Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park ( part )
Cloudland Canyon State Park
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 15,154 people , 5,633 households , and 4,264 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 6,224 housing units at an average density of 36 per square mile ( 14/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.51 % White , 0.63 % Black or African American , 0.49 % Native American , 0.38 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.20 % from other races , and 0.76 % from two or more races . 0.90 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,633 households , out of which 33.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 62.70 % were married couples living together , 9.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.30 % were non-families . 21.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.20 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.97 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 23.80 % under the age of 18 , 11.80 % from 18 to 24 , 27.80 % from 25 to 44 , 24.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 96.00 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 35,259 , and the median income for a family was $ 39,481 . Males had a median income of $ 31,534 versus $ 21,753 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,127 . About 7.50 % of families and 9.70 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.40 % of those under age 18 and 12.50 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 16,633 people , 6,291 households , and 4,462 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 7,305 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.0 % white , 0.9 % black or African American , 0.7 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 0.6 % from other races , and 1.3 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 21.2 % were American , 18.1 % were Irish , 11.4 % were German , and 9.4 % were English .
Of the 6,291 households , 31.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.2 % were married couples living together , 10.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.1 % were non-families , and 25.1 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.96 . The median age was 39.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 39,760 and the median income for a family was $ 48,881 . Males had a median income of $ 41,618 versus $ 26,521 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,168 . About 10.7 % of families and 15.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 25.8 % of those under age 18 and 10.8 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 16,251 people , 6,195 households , and 4,539 families residing in the county .
Education
Georgia water supply
Dade County lies just south of Nickajack Lake on the Tennessee River , which was created by the Nickajack Dam , constructed by the Tennessee Valley Authority . The city of Atlanta , Georgia wanted to gain rights to the water in Nickajack Lake to supplement their sources from Lake Lanier and Lake Allatoona . In addition , in 2008 Georgia lawmakers wanted to change the Tennessee-Georgia state line , as they say it is based on a flawed 1818 survey , which mistakenly placed Georgia 's northern line just short of the Tennessee River . Changing the boundary would give Georgia rights to the water , but they were unsuccessful .
Politics
Although it contained many opponents of the Confederacy during the Civil War , Dade County – unlike more easterly Fannin , Towns , Pickens and Gilmer – is a typical “ Solid South ” county in its political history . It voted Democratic in every presidential election until 1964 , when hostility towards civil rights for blacks turned the county towards conservative Republican Barry Goldwater . Since then , only twice has a Republican presidential candidate lost Dade County : when segregationist former and future Alabama Governor George Wallace carried the county in 1968 and when favorite son Jimmy Carter won in 1976 . In 1972 , Dade was Richard Nixon 's strongest county nationwide in his 2,900-plus-county landslide over George McGovern , and since 1984 no Democratic presidential candidate has reached 38 percent of the county 's vote . Typical for the rural white south , Hillary Clinton received only 15.5 percent of the county 's vote in 2016 . In 2016 and 2020 , Donald Trump received over 80 % of the popular vote , the highest percentage received by a Republican candidate since 1972 .
Communities
Rising Fawn
Trenton
Wildwood
West Brow
New Salem
New Home
New England
Notable people from Dade County
The Forester Sisters
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dade County , Georgia
Northwest Georgia Joint Development Authority
Town Line , New York , seceded from the United States ( unrecognized ) and rejoined in 1946 .
References
External links
Dade County historical marker
1837 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1837
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Chattanooga metropolitan area counties
Northwest Georgia ( U.S . )
Counties of Appalachia
Sanea Langkaew ( , born 19 September 1974 ) is a Thai football coach and former player . Born in Chaiyaphum Province , He started playing for Royal Thai Air Force F.C. , and was called up to the U-19 national team , then the national team in 1997 , before regularly appearing with the Thailand national beach soccer team , placing fourth at the 2002 Beach Soccer World Championship . He played for several teams under the Thai Division 1 League , most notably Air Force and Mahasarakham City , until 2011 , when he retired from playing . He has since coached for Mashare Chaiyaphum , Nong Bua Lamphu , Mahasarakham and Amnat Poly United , and now coaches secondary school football at Kanchanapisek Wittayalai Chaiyaphum School in his hometown .
References
1974 births
Living people
Sanea Langkaew
Sanea Langkaew
Association football midfielders
The 1981 Texas–Arlington Mavericks football team was an American football team that represented the University of Texas at Arlington in the Southland Conference during the 1981 NCAA Division I-A football season . In their eighth year under head coach Harold Elliott , the team compiled a 6–5 record and was Southland Conference champion .
Schedule
References
Texas–Arlington
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football seasons
Southland Conference football champion seasons
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football
Albert Lewis Fletcher ( October 28 , 1896 – December 6 , 1979 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church . He served as Bishop of Little Rock from 1946 to 1972 .
Biography
Albert Fletcher was born in Little Rock , Arkansas , to Thomas and Helen ( née Wehr ) Fletcher . His parents were both converts to Catholicism ; his father was originally an Episcopalian and his mother a Lutheran . He and his family moved to Paris , Logan County , a few months after his birth , and later to Tontitown and then Mena . In 1912 he entered Little Rock College , from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in chemistry in 1916 . After completing his theological studies at St. John Home Missions Seminary , he was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop John Baptist Morris on June 4 , 1920 . He then served as an assistant professor of chemistry and biology at Little Rock College , where he became president in 1923 . In 1922 he earned a Master of Science degree from the University of Chicago . He was professor of dogmatic theology and canon law at St. John Seminary ( 1925–1929 ) , and chancellor ( 1926–1933 ) and vicar general ( 1933–1946 ) of the Diocese of Little Rock . He was named a papal chamberlain in 1929 and a domestic prelate in 1934 .
On December 11 , 1939 , Fletcher was appointed auxiliary bishop of Little Rock and titular bishop of Samos by Pope Pius XII . He received his episcopal consecration on April 25 , 1940 , from Archbishop Amleto Cicognani , with Bishops Jules Jeanmard and William O'Brien serving as co-consecrators . He was the first native Arkansan to become a Catholic bishop , and his was the first consecration to be held in that state .
Fletcher was later named Bishop of Little Rock on December 7 , 1946 . He was a staunch advocate of desegregation , supporting the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954 , and reprimanding Governor Orval Faubus for attempting to prevent desegregation at Little Rock Central High School in 1957 . In a 1960 publication entitled `` An Elementary Catholic Catechism on the Morality of Segregation and Racial Discrimination '' , he described segregation as `` immoral ... unjust and uncharitable '' , and stated that it could even constitute mortal sin `` when the act of racial prejudice committed is a serious infraction of the law of justice or charity '' .
From 1962 to 1965 , Fletcher attended the Second Vatican Council in Rome . Although he inaugurated the liturgical use of the vernacular in his diocese as early as 1964 , he did not follow the council 's advice on creating permanent deacons , and closed St. John Seminary after some of its faculty publicly questioned the Church 's stance on birth control and papal infallibility . The anti-communist Fletcher was also opposed to calling for an end to the Vietnam War and to giving amnesty for those who resisted the war and avoided the draft . After twenty-five years of service , he retired as Little Rock 's ordinary on July 4 , 1972 .
Bishop Fletcher died in Little Rock , at the age of 83 . He is buried in the crypt of St. Andrew 's Cathedral .
References
External links
Diocese of Little Rock
Fletcher in The Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1896 births
1979 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Little Rock
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
American civil rights activists
Activists from Arkansas
Marina Benedict is an American actress best known for her role in the Golden Globe nominated series Flesh and Bone as Toni Cannava ; Prison Break : Resurrection as Emily `` A & W '' Blake ; Gotham as Cherry ; ER as Lois Landry ; Torchwood : Miracle Day as Charlotte Wills ; and Burn Notice as Col. Oksana Zhirkov .
Career
Benedict was the lead singer in BMG 's pop group 5 NY that toured throughout Europe and received a Billboard Top 40 hit in Germany .
Personal life
Benedict attended the Cornish College of the Arts . Benedict became an instructor at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in 2003 . She is the Co-Chair of the Dance Department .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
American film actresses
American television actresses
American stage actresses
American women singers
American women choreographers
American female dancers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
Living people
Sports , Sin and Subversion is the new book from Belizean author Evan X Hyde , published in July 2008 . It is Hyde 's first new work in over three decades ( his previous release , X-Communication , was a reprise of his 1970 's publishings . )
Plot
Hyde takes as his point of departure his childhood in the downtown area of Belize City , discussing in effect the history of Belizean sports and sports personalities as he saw it from the late 1950s through to the present day .
Hyde makes many references to famous sportspeople in Belize , as well as famous internationals who interacted with Belize and Belizeans : Willie Mays , Roberto Clemente , Muhammad Ali , as well as popular sports teams : San Francisco Giants , New York Yankees , Philadelphia 76ers and Chicago Cubs .
2008 non-fiction books
Sports autobiographies
Books about sports
Sport in Belize
Belizean books
Shihlin Electric and Engineering Corporation ( SEEC ; ) is a company based in Taipei , Taiwan , which manufactures electrical and power transformers , switchgear , automation , controls and automotive electrical devices . The technology for the manufacturing originally involved technology transfers from Mitsubishi Electric ( Japan ) and France Transfo , a Schneider Electric Company ( France ) .
Shihlin Electric was founded in 1955 . The company is listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange ( TSE 1503 ) , and Mitsubishi Electric ( Japan ) is a 20 % shareholder . Shihlin Electric , in Q1 2009 , lists 15 sales subsidiaries and over 100 distribution partners worldwide . Additionally , Shihlin Electric operates manufacturing factories in Taiwan ( three in Hsinchu ) , Mainland China ( ten in Xiamen , Suzhou , Wuxi , Changzhou , Fuzhou and Wuhan ) and Vietnam ( one in Southern Vietnam ) .
See also
List of companies of Taiwan
1955 establishments in Taiwan
Companies based in Taipei
Electronics companies established in 1955
Electronics companies of Taiwan
Taiwanese brands
Lima 3.31 is a upcoming Paraguayan action film directed and written by Marcelo Torcida . The film stars Oliver Kolker , Joel Casco , Matias Miranda , Valeria Solis , José Maldonado and María Belén .
Plot
In the cheerful Latin America of the 70s an ideological struggle is waged that involves all sectors of society . Dictators and revolutionaries use the kidnapping of people as their preferred methodology to impose their ideas . Valente , the son of a powerful businessman , makes a living working for an insurance company specializing in kidnappings . Your mission is to bring the victims to safety .
Cast
Oliver Kolker as Vicente Valente 's father
Joel Casco as Carlos
Matias Miranda as Valente
Valeria Solis as Valente 's mother
José Maldonado as Mendez
María Belén Fretes as India
Production
In January 2017 , the production of the first Paraguayan film shot entirely in English was announced under the title `` Eskaton '' . At the end of October 2020 , details of the plot were released and the official title of the film was announced , `` Lima 3.31 '' .
References
External links
Upcoming films
Paraguayan action films
Films shot in Paraguay
Films set in Paraguay
English-language films
Guaraní-language films
Dictator is the fourth novel of the Samuel Carver series by English thriller writer , Tom Cain , released on 5 August 2010 through Bantam Press .
Plot
Ten years prior to this story , Carver was supposed to have assassinated Henderson Gushungo , an African dictator . The novel follows Carver 's subsequent attempts to oust the dictator , and force a regime change . Amongst the locations used as settings are Switzerland , Malemba , Suffolk , England and Hong Kong .
Reception
The novel was well received , with critics praising its pace and `` visceral '' action sequences .
Reviewing for The Daily Telegraph , Jeremy Jehu states , of Cain himself , `` he works at becoming a byword for intelligent , topical , articulate action romps that slightly send themselves up . `` , although he also notes that , given the 1997 setting of the first Samuel Carver novel , his age in this one would be somewhat unrealistic .
Rich Westwood , reviewing for Euro Crime , stated that `` Dictator is an ideal holiday novel for a thriller fan , with a hard-as-nails protagonist , satisfyingly gritty action sequences , beautiful women and a collection of very nasty baddies '' .
The novel was also well reviewed by G.S . of CrimeSquad , who awarded it five out of five and commented that `` Dictator is an outstanding novel which has both Cain and Carver displaying some masterful tradecraft . `` .
References
2010 British novels
Thriller novels
Novels by Tom Cain
Bantam Books books
Joint Publishing ( ) , also known as Sanlian Press or SDX Joint Publishing , is a book store chain and publisher founded at Queen 's Road Central in Hong Kong on 18 October 1948 . Joint Publishing ( Hong Kong ) is one of major book store chains in Hong Kong and currently a subsidiary company of Sino United Publishing ( Holdings ) Limited . The Mainland China branches of the book store chain , such as SDX Joint Publishing and Shanghai Joint Publishing were owned by separate holding company of the Chinese government .
Joint Publishing ( Hong Kong ) 's parent company Sino United Publishing , was owned by Chinese central government agency Hong Kong Liaison Office .
History
The book store was the result of a merger in 1948 between three leading Shanghai publishers and book stores , Life ( ) , Reading ( ) and New Knowledge ( ) . The newly merged bookstore brought together all the names of its previous entities ( ) , but was often referred to in English as SDX Joint Publishing , taking the first initial of each of the previous names to form an acronym , or simply Sanlian Press or Joint Publishing ( ) . Shortly after it was formed , it moved its headquarters to Beijing in March 1949 and established its Hong Kong-based subsidiary .
After the establishment of People 's Republic of China on 1 October 1949 , the bookstore located in Hong Kong was mainly responsible for publishing materials from mainland China , while the main branch in mainland China was nationalized . After the coming of Cultural Revolution in mainland China in 1966 , the publishing business in mainland China was seriously damaged and the bookstore in Hong Kong survived by republishing old books .
With several re-locations , it finally settled in current premises in Queen Victoria Street in May 1971 and opened a retail store at the ground floor in July 1974 .
The Cultural Revolution ended in 1976 and was soon replaced with economic reform . In 1978 the book store in Hong Kong decided to publish their own books independently and join with other international publishers . It initially targeted in Chinese culture , literature and art and later concentrated Hong Kong topics and social science . Its direction was proved successful and the book store aggressively opened branches in Hong Kong .
Outside Hong Kong , the book store expanded to various cities in mainland China by joint venture , and five stores in North America , specifically in Toronto , Vancouver , New York , Los Angeles , and San Francisco .
In January 1988 , the Hong Kong-based Joint Publishing was registered as a limited liability company called 'Joint Publishing ( Hong Kong ) Company Limited ( ) ' .
In March 2021 , Joint Publishing was found guilty of defamation , publishing information that the High Court found false , including claims that the United States had funded opposition groups in Hong Kong .
Subsidiaries
Shanghai Hong Kong Joint Publishing Co. , Ltd. ( ) : Established in October 1999 , it is a joint venture between Joint Publishing ( Hong Kong ) , Shanghai Book ( ) and Shanghai Joint Publishing .
Namesake
SDX Joint Publishing ( ) : The mainland branch of Joint Publishing was merged with state-owned the People 's Publishing House ( ) in 1951 . In January 1986 , it became an independent company unrelated to the Joint Publishing ( Hong Kong ) .
Shanghai Joint Publishing ( ) : It was founded in 1986 by People 's Publishing House as a subsidiary of Jiefang Daily , unrelated to the Joint Publishing ( Hong Kong ) .
References
External links
Official website
History on official website
SDX Joint Publishing Company
長灘急流，舵穩帆高──寫在生活書店成立70週年
Publishing companies of Hong Kong
Publishing companies established in 1948
Bookshops of Hong Kong
Book publishing companies of China
Cravens Field is a multi-purpose stadium on the campus of Lamar High School in Arlington , Texas . From 1977 through their 1979 season , the Texas–Arlington college football team utilized Cravens Field as their home stadium . The Mavericks moved their games as a result of construction at Arlington Stadium scheduled when their season was normally played .
References
Defunct college football venues
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football
UT Arlington Mavericks sports venues
Multi-purpose stadiums in the United States
American football venues in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Sports venues in Arlington , Texas
Sports venues completed in 1975
Jagannath Rural Municipality ( ) is the newly formed rural municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal . It was formed in March 2017 , when Government of Nepal decided to restrict all old administrative structure and announced 744 local level units in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015 .
History
It was formed by merging previous VDC named Gotre , and ward no 1 to 8 of Jagannath .
First it was named as PandavGufa rural municipality , later on the name was changed to Jagannath Rural municipality .
Jagannath Rural Municipality has an area of and the population of this municipality is 9,432 . It is the third smallest rural municipality in terms of population and area . It is divided into six wards and the headquarters of this newly formed municipality is at Juddi . It is unique in its unity in diversity .
References
Bajura District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Rural municipalities in Bajura District
Tønsberg Point ( ) is the east extremity of a low rocky peninsula which projects into Stromness Bay , South Georgia , separating Stromness Harbor on the north from Husvik Harbor on the south . The name was in use as early as 1912 and derives from the Tønsberg Hvalfangeri , a Norwegian whaling company with worked at Husvik Harbor .
References
Headlands of South Georgia
Two Worlds ( ) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Richard Löwenbein and starring Sascha Gura , Arnold Rieck , and Johanna Ewald .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Hans Sohnle .
Cast
References
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
Films directed by Richard Löwenbein
Torodo is a village and seat of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali . The village is 60 km northwest of Bamako , the Malian capital .
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Sharran Kumar is an Indian film actor , who has appeared in several Tamil language films . He has acted in films including Inidhu Inidhu ( 2010 ) and Charles Shafiq Karthiga ( 2015 ) .
Career
Sharran Kumar made his debut with Prakash Raj 's Inidhu Inidhu ( 2010 ) , before going on to appear in smaller budget ventures such as Vaada Poda Nanbargal ( 2011 ) and Pathirama Pathukkunga ( 2012 ) . Sharran later played the titular role of a cab driver in Isakki ( 2013 ) and appeared alongside Sanjeev in Manoj Kumar 's Uyirukku Uyiraga ( 2014 ) as an engineering student .
In December 2015 , he revealed that he would script and direct a short film titled Tea or Coffee with Prithvi Rajan in the lead role . The film was later released online by Aishwarya Dhanush 's studio in early 2016 . In 2017 , Sharran debut in first Hindi short horror movie film titled A Hotel Room released on YouTube . Made under 'Jeet Maharishi ' productions & directed by Rajat Sharma .
In the year 2016 Sharran started working on his script . He took two years to complete this . He was keen on exploring his cinematic skills for a full-fledged feature film direction . He associated with Cue entertainment Bangalore to direct this script into a feature film in Tamil and Hindi . Bharath , South 's heartthrob is starring in this thriller titled as Naduvan ( 2021 ) .
Filmography
Actor
Director
Naduvan ( 2021 )
References
External links
Living people
Male actors in Tamil cinema
21st-century Indian male actors
Tamil male actors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
{ { Album ratings
| rev1 = Allmusic
| rev1Score = < ref name= '' allmusic '' > { { cite web|url=https : //www.allmusic.com/album/keeping-in-touch-mw0000313011|title=Keeping in Touch|work=Allmusic|access-date=2018-11-05 } } < /ref > } } Keeping in Touch '' is the eleventh studio album by Anne Murray , released in 1976 . In the U.S. , the album peaked at number 26 on the country album charts and number 96 on the pop albums chart , and in Canada , the album peaked at number 64 on the RPM album chart on 10 December 1976 .
Track listing
Side One
`` Things '' ( Bobby Darin ) - 2:46
`` Caress Me Pretty Music '' ( Alan O'Day ) - 3:12
`` Dancin ' All Night Long '' ( Maribeth Solomon ) - 4:04
`` Sweet Music Man '' ( Kenny Rogers ) - 3:06
`` Sunday School to Broadway '' ( Danny Hice , Ruby Hice ) - 3:41
Side Two
`` Shine '' ( Lew Brown , Ford Dabney ) - 2:32
`` Lay Me Down ( Roll Me Out To Sea ) '' ( Larry Weiss ) - 3:59
`` Golden Oldie '' ( Brian Russell , Brenda Russell ) - 3:15
`` A Million More '' ( Robbie MacNeill ) - 3:11
`` Carolina Sun '' ( Colleen Peterson ) - 2:50
References
1974 albums
Anne Murray albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums produced by Tom Catalano
Schinia bina , the bina flower moth , is a moth of the family Noctuidae . The species was first described by Achille Guenée in 1852 . It is found from Mexico City to central Florida , and as far north as Saskatchewan and Manitoba in Canada .
Schinia meskeana is probably a valid species , but remains a synonym until a revision has been published .
The wingspan is about 11 mm . There is one generation per year .
The larvae feed on Verbesina encilioides , Gaillardia pulchella , and hawkweed species .
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Achille Guenée
Moths described in 1852
The 2020 United States presidential election in New York was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . New York voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump , and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden , and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris . New York has 29 electoral votes in the Electoral College . Trump announced that Florida would be his home state for this election , rather than New York as it had been previously . This was the first presidential election in New York to allow no-excuse absentee voting .
New York continued its streak as a solidly blue state , with Biden winning 60.87 % of the vote to Trump 's 37.74 % , a Democratic victory margin of 23.13 % . Due to a decrease in third-party voting , both candidates increased their party 's vote share from 2016 , though Biden 's margin of victory was slightly wider than Hillary Clinton 's .
Biden largely improved over Clinton 's margins in the more competitive Upstate region , whereas Trump 's improvements largely came from the New York City metropolitan area . Biden flipped Broome , Essex , Rensselaer and Saratoga counties from the previous election . Notably , an additional six counties ( Cortland , Franklin , Ontario , Orange , Suffolk , and Warren ) voted for Trump by a narrow margin of fewer than 500 votes each , four of those decided by a margin of less than 0.16 % . Biden is the first Democrat since 1960 to win the presidency without Sullivan County , the first since 1976 to win without Cayuga , Cortland , Franklin , Niagara , Otsego , or Seneca Counties , and the first since 1992 to win without Madison , Orange , Oswego , Suffolk , Warren , or Washington Counties . Biden won 5.2 million votes , the most received by any presidential candidate in the state 's history . Despite this , the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn , Queens , and The Bronx each swung at least 7 % to Trump , with The Bronx swinging 11.5 % . This was the first time since 1992 that Manhattan or any other New York county voted to the left of The Bronx . Trump won 25 % of the vote in his home city .
Biden dominated core Democratic constituencies in New York City , winning 76 % of the city 's vote according to exit polls by Edison Research . Statewide , Biden won 94 % of Black voters and 76 % of Latino voters . Biden also won by 18 points in the Hudson Valley and urban Upstate counties . Trump 's core support base came from rural Upstate counties . However , Trump made some inroads with Orthodox Jewish neighborhoods of New York City . The shift is attributed to Trump 's strong pro-Israel stance as president . New York was one of five states in the nation in which Biden 's victory margin was larger than 1 million raw votes , the others being California , Maryland , Massachusetts and Illinois .
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for April 28 , 2020 . On March 28 , New York State elections officials moved the primary date to June 23 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic .
Canceled Republican primary
On March 3 , 2020 , the New York Republican Party became one of several state GOP parties to officially cancel their respective primaries and caucuses . Donald Trump was the only Republican candidate to submit the required number of names of his 162 total delegates , both the 94 primary ones and the alternates . Among Trump 's major challengers , Bill Weld only submitted about half of his required delegates , and neither Rocky De La Fuente nor Joe Walsh sent in any names at all . With the cancellation , Trump was automatically able to send his 94 New York pledged delegates to the national convention .
Democratic primary
On April 27 , 2020 , New York State elections officials had decided to cancel the state 's Democratic primary altogether , citing the fact that former Vice President Joe Biden was the only major candidate left in the race after all the others had suspended their campaigns , and canceling it would save the state millions of dollars from printing the extra sheet on the ballot . However , on May 5 , a federal judge ruled that the Democratic primary must proceed on June 23 after a suit made by former presidential primary candidate Andrew Yang .
Among the other major candidates were entrepreneur Andrew Yang , Kirsten Gillibrand , one of New York 's two current senators , and Bill de Blasio , the mayor of New York City . However , on August 29 , 2019 , Gillibrand dropped out of the race . Bill de Blasio as well dropped out on September 20 , 2019 , after failing to qualify for the 4th Democratic debate .
Results
Conservative
The Conservative Party of New York State cross-endorsed the Republican ticket , nominating Donald Trump for president and Mike Pence for vice president .
Working Families
The Working Families Party cross-endorsed the Democratic ticket , nominating Joe Biden for president and Kamala Harris for vice president . Several prominent Democrats , including Senators Bernie Sanders , Elizabeth Warren and Kirsten Gillibrand , U.S. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez , and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer encouraged voting for Biden and Harris on the WFP line , in order for the party to keep ballot access .
Green
The Green Party of New York nominated the national Green Party ticket ; Howie Hawkins for president and Angela Nicole Walker for vice president .
Libertarian primary
Future of Freedom Foundation Founder Jacob Hornberger was the sole candidate to qualify for the New York primary ballot . Therefore , in accordance with state law , he was declared the winner of the primary by default . As the winner of the primary , Libertarian Party of New York rules permitted Hornberger to choose 27 of the state 's 48 unbound delegates to the 2020 Libertarian National Convention . The Libertarian Party of New York was the only Libertarian state affiliate to choose any of its delegates on the basis of its presidential primary or caucus .
Independence
The Independence Party of New York nominated independent candidates Brock Pierce for president and Karla Ballard for vice president .
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Bill de Blasio
with Donald Trump and Kirsten Gillibrand
with Donald Trump and Amy Klobuchar
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
Electoral slates
These electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state :
Results
By county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Saratoga ( County Seat : Ballston Spa )
Essex ( County Seat : Elizabethtown )
Broome ( County Seat : Binghamton )
Rensselaer ( County Seat : Troy )
By congressional district
Biden won 20 of 27 congressional districts .
Analysis
New York 's inexperience processing a large number of mail ballots , having only legalized no-excuse absentee voting in 2019 , led to weekslong delays in counting them . Over two million ballots and over 20 % of the votes were cast by mail . New York failed to meet its November 28 deadline to certify the election , with hundreds of thousands of votes still uncounted . State Senator Michael Gianaris commented , `` if we were a swing state in this presidential election , this would be a national scandal '' . New York 's voting tabulation was updated on March 15 , 2021 .
The delay in the counting of mail-in ballots wrongly made it seem at first that Biden had underperformed Hillary Clinton in 2016 , a phenomenon referred to as a `` red mirage . '' However , when all the votes were counted , Biden outperformed Clinton 's margin over Trump by about 0.6 percentage points . This was due to a major improvement across Upstate New York and on Long Island . Meanwhile , four of New York City 's five boroughs shifted towards Trump ( with the exception of Staten Island ) .
Donald Trump is the first Republican to receive 3 million or more raw votes in New York since George H. W. Bush in 1988 .
Biden flipped 4 counties that Trump won in 2016 : Broome , Essex , Rensselaer , and Saratoga counties .
Biden also came very close to flipping an additional six counties , as he lost Cortland County by 419 votes , Franklin County by 415 votes , Ontario County by 33 votes , Orange County by 113 votes , Suffolk County by 232 votes , and Warren County by just 57 votes . Trump 's narrow victories in these counties meant that they were decided by a combined total of just 1,269 votes out of more than 1 million votes cast across all six counties .
According to exit polls by CNN , Biden won 96 % of Democrats , who were 41 % of the electorate , 59 % of Independents , who made up 32 % of voters , and 21 % of Republicans , who made up 27 % of the vote .
See also
United States presidential elections in New York
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 New York state elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
( State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
New York
2020
Presidential
Timaru International Motor Raceway is a motor racing circuit situated about 10 minutes or outside of Timaru , New Zealand . The circuit is accessible from either State Highway 1 or the Timaru-Pleasant Point Highway . It is often called Levels because of its previous name Levels Raceway . The Timaru International Motor Raceway holds some of the major sporting events on New Zealand 's motorsport calendar .
History
Before Timaru International Motor Raceway was born there was The South Canterbury Car Club Inc , which was formed in 1947 and were only running hillclimbs and paddock events at the time . The club progressed from this to running the Waimate 50 Street Race on the streets of Waimate until 1966 . In 1967 a street event was run in Timaru in the Craigie Avenue area . Land was then purchased at Falvey Road and a permanent circuit built , the first event held there was in November that year . The club continued to develop the venue running club and National Championship racing .
In 1988 the circuit length was increased to and develop to the international FIA category 3 standard that it is today , allows the South Canterbury Car Club to run international events as well as National Championships including the NZ V8 Touring Cars and Super Truck Racing . One of the events of Southern Festival of Speed , Bruce Pigeon Memorial , was held on 9 February to 10 February 2008 .
The circuit
The car racing track 's surface is hard on tyres and brakes because it is chip tarmac . It has a mixture of tight `` first and second '' gear and fast flowing corners . It is rated FIA grade 3 .
References
External links
Official Site
Motorsport venues in New Zealand
Sports venues in Canterbury , New Zealand
Sport in Timaru
Coregonus is a diverse genus of fish in the salmon family ( Salmonidae ) . The Coregonus species are known as whitefishes . The genus contains at least 68 described extant taxa , but the true number of species is a matter of debate . The type species of the genus is Coregonus lavaretus .
Most Coregonus species inhabit lakes and rivers , and several species , including the Arctic cisco ( C. autumnalis ) , the Bering cisco ( C. laurettae ) , and the least cisco ( C. sardinella ) are anadromous , moving between salt water and fresh water .
Many whitefish species or ecotypes , especially from the Great Lakes and the Alpine lakes of Europe , have gone extinct over the past century or are endangered . Among 12 freshwater fish considered extinct in Europe , 6 are Coregonus . All Coregonus species are protected under appendix III of the Bern Convention .
Taxonomy
Phylogenetic evidence indicates that the most basal member of the genus is the highly endangered Atlantic whitefish ( C. huntsmani ) , which is endemic to a single river basin in Nova Scotia , Canada . The Atlantic whitefish is thought to have diverged from the rest of the genus during the mid-Miocene , about 15 million years ago .
The genus was previously subdivided into two subgenera Coregonus ( `` true whitefishes '' ) and Leucichthys ( `` ciscoes '' ) , Coregonus comprising taxa with sub-terminal mouth and usually a benthic feeding habit , Leucichthys those with terminal or supra-terminal mouth and usually a pelagic plankton-feeding habit . This classification is not natural however : based on molecular data , ciscoes comprise two distinct lineages within the genus . Moreover , the genus Stenodus is not phylogenetically distinct from Coregonus ; although Stenodus occupies a basal position within the genus , phylogenetic evidence indicates that C. huntsmani is even more basal than it .
Species diversity
There is much uncertainty and confusion in the classification of the many of species of this genus . Particularly , one extreme view of diversity recognises just two main species in Northern and Central Europe , the common whitefish C. lavaretus and the vendace C. albula , whereas others would divide these into numerous , often narrowly distributed species . A drastic increase in number of recognized species occurred in 2007 , when a review advocated that more than 50 local European populations should be considered as distinct based on morphological differences . It has been estimated that several of them are very young , having separated from each other less than 15,000 years ago . Many of these were primarily defined based on number of gill rakers . Although this largely is hereditary , the number is highly variable ( even within single populations and species ) , can change relatively fast in response to changes and genetic studies have shown that they often are of limited use in predicting relationships among populations ( a large difference in gill raker number does not necessarily equal a distant relationship ) . Genetic differences between several of the recently proposed species , even ones that are relatively distinct morphologically , are very limited and sometimes they are not monophyletic . Various Coregonus , whether regarded as separate species or not , readily interbreed with each other . A review of whitefish in the United Kingdom found that the identification key provided in 2007 did not match most individuals and that solid evidence for more than one species in that region is lacking .
Many European lakes have more than one Coregonus morph differing in ecology and morphology ( especially gill rakers ) . Such morphs are sometimes partially reproductively isolated from each other , leading to suggestions of recognizing them as separate but clinal species . The morphs or clinal species may rapidly disappear ( in 15 years or less , equalling three Coregonus generations ) by merging into a single in response to changes in the habitat . A similar pattern can be seen in North America where the ciscoes of the Coregonus artedi complex in the Great Lakes and elsewhere comprise several , often co-occurring morphs or ecotypes , whose taxonomic status remains controversial .
Species
In 2017 , FishBase listed 78 species , including the more than 50 proposed for Europe in 2007 . Some of these are recently extinct ( marked with a dagger , `` † '' ) and C. reighardi is likely extinct .
Coregonus acrinasus Oliver M. Selz , Carmela J. Dönz , Pascal Vonlanthen , Ole Seehausen , 2020
Coregonus albellus Fatio , 1890 ( autumn brienzlig )
Coregonus albula Linnaeus , 1758 ( vendace )
†Coregonus alpenae ( Koelz , 1924 ) ( longjaw cisco )
Coregonus alpinus Fatio , 1885 ( kropfer )
Coregonus anaulorum Chereshnev , 1996
Coregonus arenicolus Kottelat , 1997
Coregonus artedi Lesueur , 1818 ( northern cisco or lake herring )
Coregonus atterensis Kottelat , 1997
Coregonus austriacus C. C. Vogt , 1909
Coregonus autumnalis ( Pallas , 1776 ) ( Arctic cisco )
Coregonus baerii Kessler , 1864
Coregonus baicalensis Dybowski , 1874
Coregonus baunti Mukhomediyarov , 1948
Coregonus bavaricus Hofer , 1909
Coregonus bezola Fatio , 1888 ( bezoule )
Coregonus brienzii Oliver M. Selz , Carmela J. Dönz , Pascal Vonlanthen , Ole Seehausen , 2020
Coregonus candidus Goll , 1883
Coregonus chadary Dybowski , 1869 ( Khadary whitefish )
Coregonus clupeaformis ( Mitchill , 1818 ) ( lake whitefish )
Coregonus clupeoides Lacépède , 1803 ( powan )
Coregonus confusus Fatio , 1885
Coregonus danneri C. C. Vogt , 1908
Coregonus duplex Fatio , 1890
Coregonus fatioi Kottelat , 1997
†Coregonus fera Jurine , 1825 ( fera )
Coregonus fontanae M. Schulz & Freyhof , 2003 ( Stechlin cisco )
†Coregonus gutturosus ( C. C. Gmelin ( de ) , 1818 )
Coregonus heglingus Schinz , 1822
†Coregonus hiemalis Jurine , 1825 ( gravenche )
Coregonus hoferi L. S. Berg , 1932
Coregonus holsata Thienemann , 1916
Coregonus hoyi ( Milner , 1874 ) ( bloater )
Coregonus huntsmani W. B. Scott , 1987 ( Atlantic whitefish )
†Coregonus johannae ( G. Wagner , 1910 ) ( deepwater cisco )
Coregonus kiletz Michailovsky , 1903
Coregonus kiyi ( Koelz , 1921 ) ( kiyi )
Coregonus ladogae Pravdin , Golubev & Belyaeva , 1938
Coregonus laurettae T. H. Bean , 1881 ( Bering cisco )
Coregonus lavaretus Linnaeus , 1758 ( common whitefish , European whitefish ; lavaret )
Coregonus lucinensis Thienemann , 1933
Coregonus lutokka Kottelat , Bogutskaya & Freyhof , 2005
Coregonus macrophthalmus Nüsslin , 1882
Coregonus maraena ( Bloch , 1779 ) ( maraena whitefish )
Coregonus maraenoides L. S. Berg , 1916
Coregonus maxillaris Günther , 1866
Coregonus megalops Widegren , 1863 ( lacustrine fluvial whitefish )
Coregonus migratorius ( Georgi , 1775 ) ( omul )
Coregonus muksun ( Pallas , 1814 ) ( muksun )
Coregonus nasus ( Pallas , 1776 ) ( broad whitefish )
Coregonus nelsonii T. H. Bean , 1884 ( Alaska whitefish )
Coregonus nigripinnis ( Milner , 1874 ) ( blackfin cisco )
Coregonus nilssoni Valenciennes , 1848
Coregonus nipigon ( Koelz , 1925 )
Coregonus nobilis Haack , 1882
†Coregonus oxyrinchus Linnaeus , 1758 ( houting )
Coregonus palaea G. Cuvier , 1829
Coregonus pallasii Valenciennes , 1848
Coregonus peled ( J. F. Gmelin , 1789 ) ( peled )
Coregonus pennantii Valenciennes , 1848 ( gwyniad )
Coregonus pidschian ( J. F. Gmelin , 1789 ) ( humpback whitefish )
Coregonus pollan W. Thompson , 1835 ( Irish pollan )
Coregonus pravdinellus Dulkeit , 1949
Coregonus profundus Oliver M. Selz , Carmela J. Dönz , Pascal Vonlanthen , Ole Seehausen , 2020
Coregonus reighardi ( Koelz , 1924 ) ( shortnose cisco )
Coregonus renke ( Schrank , 1783 )
Coregonus restrictus Fatio , 1885
Coregonus sardinella Valenciennes , 1848 ( Sardine cisco )
Coregonus steinmanni Oliver M. Selz , Carmela J. Dönz , Pascal Vonlanthen , Ole Seehausen , 2020
Coregonus stigmaticus Regan , 1908 ( schelly )
Coregonus subautumnalis Kaganowsky , 1932
Coregonus suidteri Fatio , 1885
Coregonus trybomi Svärdson ( sv ) , 1979
Coregonus tugun ( Pallas , 1814 )
Coregonus ussuriensis L. S. Berg , 1906 ( Amur whitefish )
Coregonus vandesius J. Richardson , 1836 ( vendace )
Coregonus vessicus Dryagin , 1932
Coregonus wartmanni ( Bloch , 1784 )
Coregonus widegreni Malmgren , 1863 ( Valaam whitefish )
Coregonus zenithicus ( D. S. Jordan & Evermann , 1909 ) ( shortjaw cisco )
Coregonus zuerichensis Nüsslin , 1882
Coregonus zugensis Nüsslin , 1882
References
External links
Ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The following is a list of highest-grossing fantasy films of all time .
Highest-grossing fantasy films
The following is a list of the highest-grossing fantasy films of all time . The top 12 are among the highest-grossing films of all time . Superhero films and science fiction films often have some fantasy elements but are not included here , having their own separate lists .
Biggest worldwide openings on record for fantasy films
This list charts films the biggest worldwide openings . Since films do not open on Fridays in many markets , the 'opening ' is taken to be the gross between the first day of release and the first Sunday following the movie 's release . Figures prior to the year 2002 are not available .
Since many American films do not open in all markets at the same time , the 'opening ' gross varies depending on when it was released in the US-Canada market . For example , for films like Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 which opened in the US-Canada market and in most other major markets during the same weekend , the 'opening ' is the total gross of the film during that weekend . On the other hand , for films which opened in several markets a week ahead of their respective releases in the US-Canada market , the 'opening ' is the sum of the opening grosses in the markets where they were released first and the opening in the US-Canada market . In the latter case , the opening grosses from territories after the initial overseas opening are not included in the 'opening ' of the film . In all cases , if a film opens in a market after its release in the US-Canada market , that opening is not included in the 'opening ' of the film .
Highest-grossing fantasy films by year
( ... ) Since grosses are not limited to original theatrical runs , a film 's first-run gross is included in brackets after the total if known .
Timeline of highest-grossing fantasy films
The following is a timeline of highest-grossing fantasy films of all time .
Highest-grossing fantasy film series & franchises
The following is a list of the highest-grossing fantasy film series & franchises of all time . The top 6 are along the highest grossing film series and franchises of all time . The Wizarding World has the highest gross with a total gross of $ 9.6 billion , while Frozen has the highest average with $ 1.4 billion .
Box office admissions
See also
Lists of highest-grossing films
Lists of fantasy films
Notes
References
Fantasy
Lists of fantasy films
Charles Shafiq Karthiga is a 2015 Tamil thriller film directed by S. Sathiyamoorthy . The film stars Sharran Kumar and Jai Quehaeni in the lead roles while Mishal , Narayan and Vimal among others form an ensemble cast . Music for the film was composed by Sidhartha Mohan and the film opened to positive reviews in March 2015 .
Cast
Sharran Kumar as Charles
Mishal as Shafiq
Jai Quehaeni as Karthiga
Narayan as Sanjay
Vimal
Production
Directed by debutant Sathiyamoorthy , an erstwhile assistant of Prakash Raj , Charles Shafiq Karthiga was produced by newcomer Saravanan . Having worked with Sharran Kumar during Inidhu Inidhu as an assistant director , Sathiyamoorthy signed him to play the lead role alongside Jai Quehaeni , who had previously worked on Aarohanam ( 2012 ) . The film began production in early 2013 and was completed by March 2014 .
Throughout production , the project 's title was abbreviated and publicised as CSK , after the cricket team , Chennai Super Kings . For a particular scene , actress Jai Quehaeni sat in a drum filled with 300 liters of water and the shoot took two full days to complete .
Release
The film had a low-key release but won positive reviews after its release in March 2015 , with the makers choosing to use its cricket-based title to release it during the ongoing Cricket World Cup 2015 . Baradwaj Rangan of The Hindu praised the film and stated it was a `` well written thriller '' . The Hindu later listed it amongst their list of top 20 Tamil films of the year .
In contrast , Sify.com stated `` CSK is yet another film where we get impressed with one or two interesting ideas and sequences but as a movie , the effect is certainly not appealing , may be a better writing and performances would have done the trick '' .
References
2015 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian films about revenge
Indian thriller films
2015 directorial debut films
2015 thriller films
Sean Mullin ( born January 13 , 1975 ) is an American film director , screenwriter and film producer .
Early life
Originally from Indiana , Mullin moved to Boca Raton , Florida when he was eight . He graduated from Spanish River Community High School in 1993 before attending The United States Military Academy at West Point , where he was a four-year member of the Army Rugby Football Club .
Upon graduation from West Point in 1997 , Mullin served on active duty as an army officer in Germany . He finished his service commitment as a Captain in the New York Army National Guard in Manhattan , where he worked as the Officer in Charge of the soldiers stationed at Ground Zero as a first responder to the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
While living in New York City , Mullin performed stand-up comedy regularly and studied improv at New York 's Upright Citizens Brigade Theater .
After leaving the military in 2002 , Mullin earned an MFA in film directing from Columbia University .
Career
While in graduate school , Mullin wrote and directed three short films -- Sadiq , Man is a Bridge , and The 14th Morning—all of which played at film festivals and won various awards . His MFA thesis film -- Sadiq ( starring Laith Nakli , Zach McGowan , and Danny Bruckert ) -- was a finalist for the `` Student Filmmaker Award '' at the 2006 MTV Movie Awards .
In 2012 , he produced the feature film Allegiance , written and directed by Michael Connors , and starring Seth Gabel , Pablo Schreiber , Bow Wow , Corey Hawkins , Malik Yoba and Aidan Quinn .
In 2014 , his debut feature film as a writer/director -- Amira & Sam—had its world premiere at the Seattle International Film Festival , where it received positive reviews from a variety of sources , including The Hollywood Reporter . Amira & Sam went on to win several major awards at numerous film festivals and was purchased by Drafthouse Films , who released the film theatrically in 2015 . The film stars Martin Starr , Dina Shihabi , Paul Wesley , Laith Nakli , Ross Marquand , and David Rasche .
Amira & Sam was named `` One of the 10 Best Romantic Comedies of the Decade '' by Slashfilm .
Mullin is the co-writer/co-producer of Semper Fi , which was released theatrically by Lionsgate Films in 2019 . Semper Fi was co-written/directed by Academy Award nominee , Henry-Alex Rubin , and produced by Academy Award nominee , David Lancaster . The film stars Jai Courtney , Nat Wolff , Finn Wittrock , Arturo Castro , Beau Knapp , and Leighton Meester .
Mullin is the writer/director of a feature-length documentary about baseball legend , Yogi Berra . The film was made with the support of the Berra family and it features interviews with Joe Torre , Derek Jeter , Don Mattingly , Mariano Rivera , Joe Girardi , Ron Guidry , Willie Randolph , Bobby Richardson , Tony Kubek , Hector Lopez , Al Downing , Joe Maddon , Bob Costas , Billy Crystal , and Vin Scully .
References
American film directors
American male screenwriters
1975 births
Living people
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
United States Military Academy alumni
People from New York ( state )
Barrelfish is an experimental computer operating system built by ETH Zurich with the assistance of Microsoft Research in Cambridge . It is an experimental operating system designed from the ground up for scalability for computers built with multi-core processors with the goal of reducing the compounding decrease in benefit as more CPUs are used in a computer via putting low level hardware information in a database , removing the necessity for driver software .
The partners released the first snapshot of the OS on September 15 , 2009 with a second being released in March , 2011 . Excluding some third-party libraries , which are covered by various BSD-like open source licenses , Barrelfish is released under the MIT license . Snapshots are regularly released , the last one dating to March 23 , 2020 .
While originally being developed in collaboration with Microsoft Research , it is now partly supported by Hewlett Packard Enterprise Labs , Huawei , Cisco , Oracle , and VMware .
See also
Singularity
Midori
References
Further reading
External links
Barrelfish.org
Project Paper - `` The Multikernel : A new OS architecture for scalable multicore systems '' ( PDF file )
Free software
Distributed operating systems
Microkernel-based operating systems
Microkernels
Microsoft free software
Microsoft operating systems
Microsoft Research
Software using the MIT license
2009 software
Odontopygidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Spirostreptida .
Genera
Genera :
Allantogonus Attems , 1912
Aquattuor Frederiksen , 2013
Archepyge Manfredi , 1939
References
Spirostreptida
Neo19 is a shopping mall in Xinyi Special District , Taipei , Taiwan that opened on 27 October 2001 . Main core stores of the shopping mall include shops , restaurants , nightclubs and a gym . The Nike store is located on the first floor , while the American chain restaurant Chili 's is on the second floor along with VeryThai , Mo-Mo-Paradise and Mala-1 Hot Pot . Fitness Factory is located on the fourth floor . Ikon , Huckleberry , and Klash nightclubs are all located in B1 and the fifth floor houses another nightclub called Cocco & Co and bar called Barcode .
Incidents
On 13 May 2021 , Neo19 closed down for disinfection when the Taiwan Centers for Disease Control announced that a person who had tested positive for COVID-19 had visited and dined in a barbecue restaurant inside the shopping mall .
See also
List of tourist attractions in Taiwan
List of shopping malls in Taipei
References
External links
2001 establishments in Taiwan
Shopping malls in Taipei
Shopping malls established in 2001
Sebastopol station was an interurban train station in Sebastopol , California . It was served by the Petaluma and Santa Rosa Railroad and was adjacent to the railway 's powerhouse . Official operations ceased in 1932 with the rest of P & SR passenger service . It was leased as retail space for a time before being converted to a museum . The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as Sebastopol Depot of the Petaluma and Santa Rosa Railway .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sonoma County , California
References
External links
magazine article from 2017 marking its 100th anniversary
Sebastopol , California
Railway stations in Sonoma County , California
National Register of Historic Places in Sonoma County , California
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Former railway stations in California
Railway stations closed in 1932
Logan Reid Patterson ( July 2 , 1932 – January 15 , 2014 ) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Patterson was born in Pineville , Kentucky . He attended the University of Georgia , where he swam for the Georgia Bulldogs swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition from 1951 to 1954 . He was a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity . He won the NCAA national championship in the 100-yard freestyle in 1953 , setting the American record during the meet . Patterson won eight Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) titles during his tenure at Georgia . He set six SEC records while in Athens : the 50- , 100- , and 220-yard freestyles , the 100- and 200-yard backstrokes , and the 150-yard individual medley .
Patterson finished fourth in the event final of the 100-meter freestyle at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , Australia . He briefly held the Olympic record in the event after his first heat . He later held the world records in the 50-meter freestyle and the 200-meter freestyle relay . He held the American record in the 400-meter freestyle and the 400-meter medley relay .
He was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1984 , and the University of Georgia Circle of Honor in 1997 .
In 1955 , Patterson saw a photo of Anna Lee Robinson and became determined to marry her . They were married for more than 56 years and had four daughters . After his swimming career , he went on to become a geologist and a financial advisor . At the age of 81 , he died on January 15 , 2014 .
See also
List of University of Georgia people
References
1932 births
2014 deaths
American male backstroke swimmers
American male freestyle swimmers
American male medley swimmers
World record setters in swimming
Georgia Bulldogs men 's swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the United States
People from Bell County , Kentucky
Swimmers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
The Low Level Bridge is a bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada . Completed in 1900 , this was the first bridge across the North Saskatchewan River . It was designed to carry a railway , and a railway track was added in 1902 to accommodate the Edmonton , Yukon and Pacific Railway ( amalgamated with the Canadian Northern Railway in 1905 ) .
Streetcars used the bridge ( on a gauntlet track ) from 1908 to 1939 . Trolley buses used the bridge from the removal of the streetcar track in 1939 until 1965 .
Originally known simply as the Edmonton Bridge or the Inter-Urban Bridge ( connecting the towns of Strathcona and Edmonton ) , the bridge became known as the Low Level Bridge some time after the completion of the High Level Bridge .
In 1948 a twin span of the same design was added upstream of the original span . The new span was originally used for vehicle traffic in both directions , with the original span being reserved for railway use . When the railway track was removed from the original span in 1954 , that bridge was widened and then used for two lanes of west-bound traffic . The 1948 bridge has carried all east-bound traffic since the widening of the original span .
The Low Level Bridge connects the communities of Cloverdale on the south end to Rossdale/Downtown on the north end .
See also
List of bridges in Canada
References
External links
Bridges in Edmonton
Road bridges in Alberta
Bridges completed in 1900
Bridges completed in 1948
Tourist attractions in Edmonton
Railway bridges in Alberta
Cape Labuan ( ) is a rocky point midway between Cape Arkona and Lavett Bluff , forming the southwest extremity of Heard Island . It was charted in 1948 by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions and named after , a relief ship for the expedition .
References
Headlands of Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Vale of Leven District General Hospital or simply the Vale of Leven Hospital is a district general hospital in Alexandria , West Dunbartonshire , Scotland . It is managed by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde .
History
The hospital has its origins in the Henry Brock Hospital which opened in a converted private house in 1924 . After the Second World War it was decided to commission a purpose-built facility : the new hospital was designed by Keppie Henderson & Joseph Gleave and built on a site adjacent to Henry Brock Cottage Hospital between 1951 and 1955 . The horizontal form of the hospital was designed to survive the horizontal blast of an atomic bomb being dropped on the Clyde 's submarine bases .
Services
The hospital has 92 inpatient beds as well as a Minor Injuries Unit . The hospital has approximately 47 births per year and has full accreditation as baby friendly , since 2006 . This is down from 900 births per year in 2002 .
Vale of Leven Hospital Inquiry
An Inquiry was set up by Scottish Ministers to investigate the occurrence of C. difficile infection at the hospital from 1 January 2007 onwards . The Inquiry published its final report on 24 November 2014 . There was criticism at the delay of the Inquiry five times . The findings of the inquiry were considered by the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges and Faculties in Scotland , when they produced a report in July 2015 , entitled “ Learning from serious failings in care ” . The Inquiry cost £10m for an inquiry which took so long that by the time it reached its conclusions , the problem had already largely been fixed . The health secretary noted that at the time of the outbreak , `` there was no effective inspection regime at the time to pick up these failings '' . The newly-appointed Scottish Health Secretary Shona Robison said `` We now have an effective inspection routine through the Healthcare Environment Inspectorate that completes unannounced , comprehensive inspections and demands urgent actions '' .
References
External links
webpage on NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde website
NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde
NHS Scotland hospitals
Vale of Leven
Hospital buildings completed in 1955
1955 establishments in Scotland
Hospitals established in 1955
The BT-4 Combat is a semi-automatic paintball marker manufactured by BT Paintball .
General
The BT-4 Combat series of paintball markers are the second generation of stock markers released by BT paintball . They are similar internally to the Tippmann 98 custom , and aesthetically similar to the Tippmann A-5 . It is used as the base design for all other BT markers , except for the TM-7 and TM-15 - which is based on Mini Technology ; with upgraded markers like the Delta Elite being BT-4 's with stock add-ons .
The BT-4 Combat is a poppet valve , blow-back marker ; the bolt slides forward to open the valve , and air released from the valve propels the paintball forward and recocks the bolt for another shot . The stock BT-4 Combat includes adjustable handgrip and rear sight , sliding feedneck , and 8 inch barrel .
The BT-4 Combat is designed for durability and customizability ; as it is similar to the Tippmann 98 custom , it can use many of the same parts and accessories , as well as BT 's line of add-ons . The marker uses the same barrel thread as the Tippmann A-5 and the stock ( butt ) mods of the Tippmann 98 Custom . The barrel thread is also designed to be swapped out so that barrels from other paintball markers may be used .
Additionally the BT-4 Combat marker is used nationwide as a `` rental '' grade marker .
References
Paintball markers
The official traineeship scheme of the European Commission is a traineeship programme providing official in-service training with the European Commission .
Aimed at young university graduates , it has been running since 1960 and is the biggest traineeship programme in the world . Traineeships , which start in October or March and last five months , are carried out in a Directorate-General or a service of the Commission , in a Commissioner 's Cabinet , or in some of European Union 's executive bodies and agencies . The programme is managed by a dedicated Traineeships Office within DG EAC , with an annual budget of €7 million , that runs a selection procedure to recruit approximately 600 trainees ( also called Blue book stagiaires ) for each traineeship period .
Selection procedure
Administrative traineeships ( i.e . all traineeships except those with Directorate-General for Translation ) consist of the following steps :
Application ( deadline at end of January/August )
Eligibility ( decision made before end of April/October )
Preselection ( decision made in June/November )
Selection ( decision made in July/January )
Traineeship ( start in October/March )
Applicants who advance into the Selection phase are listed in a database called the ( Virtual ) Blue Book from which European Commission officers entitled to having a trainee are free to choose their candidates . On contacting them , the details of the traineeship are agreed upon . Approximately 2,500 candidates get into the Blue Book for every traineeship period , of whom around 650 are recruited as trainees .
As an exception , Directorate-General for Translation applies its own eligibility criteria to what are called translation traineeships , and there is no preselection . The rest of the procedure , however , is the same as for administrative traineeship .
Working conditions
Each trainee is assigned to an adviser who acts as a mentor . Trainees work full-time , according to same rules as European Civil Servants ( although unlike them , they are considered `` external staff '' ) and are paid a monthly living allowance equal to 25 % of the basic remuneration for an official at grade AD 5/1 . Their travel costs to the place of appointment and back home are reimbursed during the last month of the traineeship . It is up to the trainee to find accommodation near the place of appointment . Most trainees are based in Brussels , a large group is situated in Luxembourg , and a few works in London ( EBRD , DG ECFIN ) , Ireland ( DG SANCO ) , as well as in European Union representations in member states and delegations abroad .
Statistics
Starting with 3 trainees in 1960 , by 1983 their number had reached 500 , and in 2010 about 1,200 trainees were recruited ( the two traineeship periods counted together ) . During the first 50 years of its history ( 1960–2010 ) , more than 40,000 trainees have participated in the programme . The highest number of trainees has come from Italy ( almost 4,500 ) , the lowest number from Malta ( around 50 ) . Almost 3,500 trainees came from non-EU countries . Approximately 70 % of trainees are female .
The average trainee ( in 2009 ) was 26 years old , spoke four languages and had two university diplomas . The October 2011 traineeship has seen a total of 10,424 applicants , out of which 9,349 were nationals of EU member states . From them , 652 were recruited as trainees . Most trainees come from Italy ( 73 ) , and 44 recruits are non-EU citizens . Compared to this , two years later , in October 2013 , the number of applicants had increased to a total of 14,028 , with an average success rate of just under 5 % . October 2015 has been the most competitive session yet , with 24,690 applicants .
For the period between 2016 and 2020 , 111,964 applications for trainee positions in the Administration sector were received . Of these , 6,486 were successful , a rate of 5.79 % . For the Translation sector the success rate was 4.76 % ( 515 out of 10,824 applications ) .
List of notable trainees
Many ex-trainees have gone on to become people of note , such as :
Dacian Cioloş , European Commissioner and former Prime-Minister of Romania
King Felipe VI of Spain
Michael Froman , U.S. presidential assistant and deputy national security adviser
Prince Hassan of Jordan
Silvana Koch-Mehrin , former German Member of the European Parliament
Lousewies van der Laan , former Dutch Member of the European Parliament
Prince Laurent of Belgium
Manuel Marín , former European Commissioner
King Mohammed VI of Morocco
Mario Monti , former European Commissioner , Prime Minister of Italy
Christine Ockrent , Belgian journalist and TV presenter
Odile Quintin , former Director General of European Commission 's Directorate-General for Education and Culture
Viviane Reding , European Commissioner
Beppe Severgnini , Italian columnist
Daniel Varela Suanzes-Carpegna , Spanish politician
References
External links
Traineeships Office Home Page
Rules governing the official traineeships scheme of the European Commission
Stage Committee ( official website )
Traineeships in the EC ( unofficial discussion forum for candidates )
Traineeship at the European Commission ( unofficial blog and discussion forum )
Civil Service of the European Union
European Commission
Organisations associated with the European Commission
Home Minister is an Indian Marathi reality game show which is aired on Zee Marathi . It was started on 13 September 2004 . It is the Zee Marathi 's third longest-running Indian television series in Marathi TV shows .
Concept
The show has the format that Aadesh Bandekar visits different homes in different cities and plays the various games with women who call him `` Bhauji '' . The show has various type of games and Aadesh Bandekar also chat with women and their families . Every episode winner receives a saree called `` Paithani '' .
Seasons
Navvadhu No . 1 ( 14 September 2009 )
Jaubai Jorat ( 14 January 2011 )
Swapna Gruhlaxmiche ( 16 May 2011 )
Manachi Paithani ( 21 May 2012 )
Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi ( 31 March 2014 )
Goa Special ( 25 April 2016 )
Kahe Diya Pardes ( 15 May 2016 )
Chuk Bhul Dyavi Ghyavi ( 13 February 2017 )
Lagira Jhala Ji ( 1 May 2017 )
Aggabai Sasubai ( 19 August 2019 )
Bharat Daura ( 1 January 2020 )
Gharchya Ghari ( 8 June 2020 )
Covid Yoddha Vishesh ( 27 July 2020 )
Majha Babdya ( 7 September 2020 )
Sasubai Majhya Laybhari ( 11 October 2020 )
Paithani Maherchya Angani ( 4 January 2021 )
Little Champs ( 26 July 2021 )
Maha Minister ( 11 April 2022 )
Khel Sakhyancha Charchaughincha ( 27 June 2022 )
Other seasons
Dilya Ghari Tu Sukhi Raha
Utsav Natyancha , Maitricha Aani Aaplya Mansancha
Nanda Saukhya Bhare
Maharashtrachi Mahaminister
Pandharichi Wari Vishesh
Adaptations
Awards
Production
Jitendra Joshi was replaced show 's regular anchor Aadesh Bandekar in 2009 while Aadesh was contesting Maharashtra State Assembly election . He was hosting the season Navvadhu No.1 . In 2011 , Nilesh Sable was the host of this show . Nilesh was hosting the season Jaubai Jorat .
The series premiered on 14 January 2011 from Monday to Saturday at 6.30 pm by replacing Sade Made Teen . The show was stopped on 1 May 2010 with 1616 episodes due to the Aadesh Bandekar participated in the Maharashtra State Election and it again started with new season from 14 January 2011 .
Airing history
2004-2010
2011-2020
2020-present
Reception
Ratings
Special episode
1 hour
15 June 2011 ( 6 pm )
19 February 2012 ( 6 pm )
20 October 2013 ( 6 pm )
22 March 2015 ( 6 pm )
19 July 2015 ( 7 pm )
30 August 2015 ( 7 pm )
22 October 2015 ( 6 pm )
21 August 2016 ( 7 pm )
25 September 2016 ( 7 pm )
17 September 2017 ( 7 pm )
26 November 2017 ( 7 pm )
2 September 2018 ( 7 pm )
15 August 2019 ( 6 pm )
13 September 2019 ( 6 pm )
27 October 2019 ( 7 pm )
7 February 2021 ( 7 pm )
2 hours
31 March 2014 ( Shree-Janhavi )
15 January 2017 ( Makar Sankranti Special )
13 August 2017 ( Jui-Mallika )
21 October 2018 ( Nilesh Sable )
10 February 2019 ( Anandi Gopal Film )
18 July 2021 ( Kartiki Gaikwad )
References
External links
Home Minister at ZEE5
Indian reality television series
2004 Indian television series debuts
Indian game shows
Zee Marathi original programming
Marathi-language television shows
2010 Indian television series endings
2011 Indian television series debuts
Nero is the seventh studio album by Polish gothic rock band Closterkeller . It was released on October 16 , 2003 in Poland through Metal Mind Productions . The album was recorded on August–September 2003 at Zeman-Krason studio . The cover art was created by Agnieszka Szuba . English version of album was released on February 23 , 2004 in the United States and Netherlands through Bertus Distributie , Pitchfork Promotions .
Track listing
Bonus Tracks
Track listing ( English release )
Personnel
Anja Orthodox - vocal , synthesizer , lyrics
Marcin Mentel - guitar
Marcin Płuciennik - bass
Gerard Klawe - percussion
Michał Rollinger - keyboards
Music - Closterkeller .
Music videos
`` Poza granicą dotyku '' ( 2003 )
`` Ktokolwiek widział '' ( 2004 )
`` Królowa '' ( 2004 )
Release history
Original release
English release
References
2003 albums
Closterkeller albums
Polish-language albums
The International Language Academy of Canada ( ILAC ) is a private English language school that offers short and long-term English language courses for international students . ILAC currently operates campuses in downtown Toronto , Ontario and Vancouver , British Columbia in Canada .
With over 10,000 students a year from 75+ different countries , ILAC has a network of more than 1,000 international partners around the globe .
The school offers a variety of programs and services that include : General English , Business English , Exam Preparation ( IELTS , TOEFL , Cambridge FCE & CAE ) , College and University Pathway , Youth Path for Teenagers , Night School , GAP Year , Accommodations and Activities .
The International Language Academy of Canada also provides University and College placement services and post-secondary counseling . Their University Pathway course is recognized by more than 70 Canadian Universities and Colleges .
History
ILAC was founded by Jonathan Kolber , Ilan Cohen and Bernardo Riveros in 1997 .
Student Nationalities
Every year ILAC welcomes thousands of students from over 75 countries . While enrolment numbers are continually changing , the International Language Academy of Canada generally maintains the following ratio of students :
1/3 from Asia
1/3 from Latin America
1/3 from Europe and the Middle East
References
Language schools in Canada
Schools of English as a second or foreign language
Dance Kahani ( meaning dance story ; previously The Dance Diaries ) is a Pakistan 's first dance film directed and written by Omar Hassan . Dance Kahani is produced by OSCO FILMS , 99 FILMS and Ion Entertainment in association with Act One . The film stars Madeleine Hanna , Alamdar Khan and Vernin U'chong . Dance Kahani is the first film exploring the underground dance culture and free running on the streets of Karachi .
Plot outline
`` With her dream of pursuing a professional dance career shattered , she must now fight the odds to keep it alive in a society she never wanted to be a part of . '' This is how Nizzy , an upscale British Pakistani , must survive her predicament .
Cast
Madeleine Hanna as Nuzhat/Nizzy
Vernin U'chong as Tipu
Alamdar Khan as Shobby
Abdul Ghani as Jo
Shezi Khan as Saadi
Ramiz Law as Silent Sid
Abdul Rahim Langove as Sam
Ali Parkour as Adnan/Eddie
Irfan as Aamir
Imran Shaukat as Jawed Ali
Rahid Sami as Anwer Ali
Sabiha Zia as Qurat ul Ain/Annie
Talat as Asma Jawed
Niggy Imtiaz as Feroza Anwer
Barkat Ali as Sunny
Asifa Ataka as Farida Junaid
Sajjad Ali as Rickshaw Driver
Farhan Baig - guest appearance
Production
The film was shot on RED using Carl Zeiss lenses , despite being an independent low budget initiative by a new generation filmmaker from Pakistan . The movie illustrates aspiration , dreams , and talent against the odds .
Release
Marketing
A film teaser was released on 6 April 2014 along with an official theatrical poster . The movie is also expected to release later in 2015 . The character poster featuring Tipu was revealed on 14 November 2015 . First look promo of film was revealed online on 17 November . Theatrical trailer was revealed on social media website on 9 July 2016 .
See also
List of Pakistani films of 2016
Dance films
References
External links
2016 films
Pakistani dance films
2010s dance films
Stuart 'Statz ' Dearden ( born 1 August 1990 , in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish former football player and current assistant coach of Edinburgh University AFC .
Career
Dearden previously played for youth sides Edina Hibs and Salvesen Boys Club while at Portobello High School . He attracted the attention of Dunfermline Athletic and signed a contract when he was 16 , playing for the Under 19s and reserve sides before making his debut as a substitute against Queen of the South on the final day of the 2007–08 season .
In January 2009 , Dearden was loaned to Forfar Athletic of the Scottish Third Division until the end of the 2008–09 season . After his release from Dunfermline , Dearden signed for Scottish Lowland side Edinburgh University AFC , where he played for 4 years before becoming a coach for the first-team squad in 2013 .
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Dunfermline Athletic F.C . players
Forfar Athletic F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Footballers from Edinburgh
Association football defenders
People educated at Portobello High School
Scottish footballers
Juanita may refer to :
Names/places
Diminutive of Juana , a female given name in Spanish
Mummy Juanita , or `` The Ice Maiden '' , 15th-century Inca mummy discovered in 1995
Juanita , Kirkland , Washington , a neighborhood of the city of Kirkland
Juanita High School , in King County , Washington , USA
Juanita 's , music venue in Little Rock , Arkansas , USA
Hacienda Juanita , hotel in Puerto Rico
Juanita , an earlier spelling of Waneta in British Columbia , Canada
Songs
`` Juanita '' ( song ) , also known as `` Nita Juanita ''
Wanita or Juanita , 1923 Al Jolson hit song
`` Juanita '' , 1956 hit song by Chuck Willis
`` Juanita '' ( Underworld song ) , a 1996 album track by Underworld
`` Juanita '' , track from The Gilded Palace of Sin by the Flying Burrito Brothers
`` Juanita '' , song by Björn Afzelius on the Hoola Bandoola Band album Fri Information
`` Juanita Banana '' ( song ) , a song by Tash Howard and Murray Kenton
Film/TV
Juanita ( 1935 film ) , film directed by Pierre Caron
Juanita ( 2019 film ) , film starring Alfre Woodard
Juanita Banana , a Philippine TV series
Juanita Tennasynn , a character on Harvey Girls Forever ! created by cartoon artist Katie Rice . She was eventually going to appear in the series , but the appearances have been postponed until the episode `` Austland City Limits '' .
Other
Juanita , a 1947 book by Leo Politi
Janey
Joanie
Brett James Cornelius ( born June 5 , 1968 ) is an American country music singer , songwriter , and record producer based in Nashville . James ' compositions have been credited on 494 recordings by a wide variety of artists . Signed to Career Records ( a division of Arista Nashville ) as a solo artist in 1995 , James charted three singles and released a self-titled debut album that year . He returned to Arista as a recording artist in 2002 , releasing two more singles .
Since the early 2000s , James has become known primarily as a songwriter for other country and pop music artists . Among his compositions is Carrie Underwood 's 2006 number-one hit `` Jesus , Take the Wheel '' , which received Grammy Awards for Best Country Song and Best Female Country Vocal Performance . His writers ' credits also include number-one hits for Jessica Andrews , Martina McBride , Kenny Chesney , Rodney Atkins , and Jason Aldean .
Singing career
James was born in Columbia , Missouri ; his father was a physician , Dr. Sam Cornelius and his mother was Carolyn . James graduated from Christian Heritage Academy high-school in Del City , Oklahoma in 1986 . He attended Baylor University , pledged Sigma Chi Fraternity , and graduated in 1991 with a Bachelor of Science Degree . He attended medical school for a time in the early 1990s , but dropped out to pursue a musical career as a recording artist on Career Records , a subsidiary of Arista Nashville , in 1995 . That year , he released his self-titled debut album , which included the charting singles `` Female Bonding , '' `` If I Could See Love '' and `` Worth the Fall . '' Also included on this album was `` Wake Up and Smell the Whiskey '' , which was co-written and later released as a single by Dean Miller in 1997 .
In addition , he appeared on two compilation albums issued by Arista Nashville . The first of these was 1996 's Star of Wonder : A Country Christmas , on which he sang `` What Child Is This ? `` , and the other was a country-gospel album entitled Peace in the Valley , to which he contributed a recording of `` What a Friend We Have in Jesus . '' This latter album was also promoted via a special on The Nashville Network ( TNN ) , now Spike . In 1998 , James and Tammy Graham were both dropped from Career Records when it merged with Arista Nashville .
James returned to his singing career in the early 2000s . After declining to join the band Sixwire , he re-signed with Arista Nashville and began working with producer Dann Huff . Although he twice charted in the Top 40 of the Hot Country Songs charts with `` Chasing Amy '' and `` After All , '' he never released a full album .
Songwriting career
In 1998 , James was at a low point : he had left medical school at the University of Oklahoma after one year to go to Nashville to make a career , but after nine months of waiting tables and attending many open mic nights , he had not had much success , and he was dropped from his recording and publishing deals . James thought he was in the wrong business , according to entertainment writer David Ross . James met with Producer Mark Bright who agreed to sign him for very little money to Bright 's new publishing company , `` Teracel Music '' , as its first and only writer . SIx weeks into the agreement , James was re-accepted to medical school and decided to go back . Bright asked him if he would continue to write songs anyway , to satisfy the one-year agreement , and James promised to write every third day . He kept his promise , later saying , `` It was a big creative shift—letting go of the dream of being a big star and just trying to write some cool music . '' He wrote many songs including `` Jesus , Take the Wheel '' and `` Cowboy Casanova '' for Teracel , and his songs were recorded by artists such as Faith Hill , Kenny Chesney , Tim McGraw , Jason Aldean , Jessica Andrews , Martina McBride and later Carrie Underwood . Within the year 's contract with Teracel , James had a hot streak of 33 songs to be recorded by major artists . In 2000 , James quit school for a final time . The dean of the medical school agreed with James that his success as a songwriter was undeniable and wished him well , saying , `` You have to go and do this ... but you ca n't ever come back '' .
His singles for other artists in the early 2000s included the number-one hits `` Who I Am '' by Jessica Andrews and `` Blessed '' by Martina McBride . He continued to write for other artists , with two more of his songs topping the charts : `` When the Sun Goes Down '' by Kenny Chesney and Uncle Kracker , and `` Jesus , Take the Wheel '' by Carrie Underwood , in 2004 and 2006 respectively . `` Jesus , Take the Wheel '' also won a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance and Best Country Song , the latter of which was awarded to James and the song 's other two songwriters . Rodney Atkins ' `` It 's America '' , Chesney 's `` Out Last Night '' and Carrie Underwood 's `` Cowboy Casanova '' , all co-written by James , also topped the country charts in 2009 . In 2010 James charted number one with Jason Aldean 's `` The Truth '' and Chris Young 's `` The Man I Want to Be '' . ASCAP named James their country songwriter of the year in 2006 and again in 2010 . Non-country artists who have recorded his works include Kelly Clarkson , Backstreet Boys , Bon Jovi and Paulina Rubio . James also co-wrote American Idol season 10 winner Scotty McCreery 's debut single `` I Love You This Big '' .
In 2008 , James also began working as a record producer , with his production credits including Gracin 's We Were n't Crazy , Kristy Lee Cook 's Why Wait , a re-release of Taylor Swift 's self-titled debut album , Jessica Simpson 's Do You Know and Kip Moore 's Up All Night .
Songs written by Brett James
James ' songwriting credits include twenty six Number One hits . Besides these , he has co-written several other Top 10 country hits , including cuts by Rascal Flatts , Josh Gracin , Sara Evans , Tim McGraw , and others .
Discography
Albums
Singles
Notes
A^ `` Female Bonding '' also peaked at number 89 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada .
Music videos
References
External links
1968 births
American country singer-songwriters
American country record producers
Arista Nashville artists
Grammy Award winners
Living people
Musicians from Columbia , Missouri
Place of birth missing ( living people )
University of Oklahoma alumni
Country musicians from Missouri
Businesspeople from Columbia , Missouri
Singer-songwriters from Missouri
Gésio Amadeu ( 14 June 1947 – 5 August 2020 ) was a Brazilian actor .
Death
Amadeu died from COVID-19 in São Paulo on 5 August 2020 , during the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil . He was treated for hypertension problems and contracted COVID-19 at a hospital .
Filmography
References
1947 births
2020 deaths
Brazilian actors
Afro-Brazilian people
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in São Paulo ( state )
Altamont was an unincorporated community in Greenville County , South Carolina . Its summer post office operated from 1896 to 1915 .
Sources
Journal of the American Philatelist , published monthly . State College , Pennsylvania . Use form US-T154/MMYYYY/p # . 072000/p648
Altamont , South Carolina . Geographic Names Information System , U.S. Geological Survey .
Former populated places in South Carolina
Populated places in Greenville County , South Carolina
Święta is the name of two villages in Poland :
Święta , Greater Poland Voivodeship
Święta , West Pomeranian Voivodeship
Święta means saint or holy and appears in many more Polish place names :
Święta Lipka
Święta Katarzyna , Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Święta Katarzyna , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
Święta Anna , Silesian Voivodeship
Nowa Święta
Yasushi Tanaka ( Japanese , Tanaka Yasushi : 田中保 ; 13 May 1886 – 24 April 1941 ) was a Japanese-born artist and art teacher , best known for his portraits of women .
Life
Tanaka 's father was a businessman . After his death in 1902 , the family went bankrupt and fell into poverty . As soon as he completed his primary education , Tanaka left home and emigrated to Seattle in 1904 , where he made his living washing dishes and working as a peanut vendor , while studying English in night classes at Broadway High School . He also studied painting on his own until he was able to arrange formal lessons with the Dutch painter , Fokko Tadama , who would later serve as a patron to Shimizu Toshi and other Japanese-born painters in Seattle . He had his first solo showing in an exhibition room at the Seattle Public Library in 1915 and presented works at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition later that same year .
Over the next two years , his first nude portraits received much negative criticism . As a result , however , in 1917 , he met and married the writer and art critic , Louise Gebhard Cann ; daughter of Judge Thomas H. Cann . He continued to exhibit for several more years , winning a few awards , but he and Louise decided that the art market in the United States was n't receptive to his work and they moved to Paris in 1920 . There , he exhibited at the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts , Salon d'Automne , and Salon des Tuileries .
One of his paintings was purchased by the French government . In 1924 , eight of his paintings were acquired by Prince Naruhiko Higashikuni and Prince Yasuhiko Asaka , who were in France studying at the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr . The following year , he sold a painting to the Musée du Luxembourg .
He would live on the in Paris from 1923 until his death . In 1939 , following the outbreak of World War II , most of the Japanese in France were compelled to return to Japan but , having an American wife , he was able to stay in Paris . He died during the German Occupation . After the war , Louise took his ashes to Japan for interment . A retrospective was held at the Marseille Gallery in Paris in 1946 .
His unsold paintings remained with Louise until after her death , when they were discovered by an art collector who took them to Japan and , in 1976 , presented the first showing of Tanaka 's works in his homeland . Most of them are now in the collection of the in Saitama . His papers are held at the Archives of American Art .
Selected paintings
References
Further reading
Dictionnaire Bénézit , Dictionnaire des peintres , sculpteurs , dessinateurs et graveurs , vol . 13 , éditions Gründ , 1999 pg.452 , p. 452 .
External links
More works by Tanaka @ ArtNet
Japanese artists
1886 births
1941 deaths
People from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese emigrants to the United States
Blind Elephant is the second studio album by Gemstones . Malaco Records alongside Xist Music released the album on May 5 , 2015 .
Background
He worked with J.R. , RavO ( Raven-Tiffany Alishia McGriff ) , and Stanley Meeks .
Critical reception
Awarding the album three and a half stars from New Release Today , Kevin McNeese states , `` Blind Elephant is an album that fans have waited a long time for . While lyrically he did n't disappoint , I definitely think the mixing and production could have been better . '' Richard Spadine , giving the album three stars at Rapzilla , writes , `` Contrary to the hype , Blind Elephant is simply a good album . Not a magnum opus , but an impressive , if uneven effort from an artist still in the process of defining himself . ''
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2015 albums
Demarco Castle albums
The Freeway Sanitary Landfill is a United States Environmental Protection Agency Superfund site that covers in Burnsville , Minnesota . In 1971 the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency ( MCPA ) licensed the landfill to accept of household , commercial , demolition , and nonhazardous industrial wastes . The state permit prohibited the disposal of liquids and hazardous wastes ; however , heavy metals , acids , and bases were accepted by the landfill from local industries . The landfill also accepted of battery casings and of aluminum sweat furnace slag . Overall , the landfill contains nearly of waste . The waste is covered by a low permeability soil cover .
Groundwater contains contaminants which exceed drinking water standards , including volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) such as tetrachloroethylene and vinyl chloride , and manganese and thallium . City of Burnsville municipal wells are located about to the south of the landfill . These wells serve approximately 36,000 people . Currently the groundwater beneath the Freeway Landfill flows south into the Kraemer Quarry due to long term dewatering of the quarry for mining purposes . When this pumping ceases the ground water flow will be reversed and the contaminated ground water will flow into the Minnesota River approximately from the landfill .
Threats and contaminants
Groundwater contains contaminants which exceed drinking water standards including VOCs such as tetrachloroethylene and vinyl chloride , and manganese and thallium . Other contaminants exceed surface water criteria . Exposure to contaminated groundwater is possible if the pollutants migrate to the Burnsville municipal well field or discharges into the Minnesota River where wildlife could be harmed . Based on site conditions , the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency ( MPCA ) has established a groundwater area of concern which extends out from the landfill based on ground measurements .
Landfill gases are also a threat at the site . Two business office buildings are located approximately and from the waste footprint . Currently no landfill gas venting system exists at the site . Eight gas monitoring probes exist around the landfill perimeter . Based on the large mass of waste present , no landfill gas venting system , no recent gas monitoring data , and recognizing the potential for gas to migrate under seasonal low permeable ( frozen ) conditions , the MPCA has established a methane gas area of concern which extends beyond the waste footprint .
Cleanup progress
The site is being addressed through a long-term cleanup action . In 1986 , U.S. EPA began an investigation into the nature and extent of contamination at the site . In 1989 , the state became the lead agency for the investigation . The state has issued areas of concern for landfill gases and groundwater . Additional measures are needed concerning the landfill to assure long-term protection of human health and the environment . Currently , pumping related to a nearby quarry operation is acting as an interim groundwater treatment system and is controlling human exposure to groundwater . When this pumping ceases , additional measures will also be needed to assure that human exposure to groundwater remains controlled and to protect the nearby river environment .
See also
Landfill
Landfills in the United States
References
'' The initial version of this page was source from the US government 's Environmental Protection Agency website :
EPA Fact Sheet for Freeway Sanitary Landfill
Superfund sites in Minnesota
Geography of Dakota County , Minnesota
Karen Anne Murphy ( born 18 December 1974 ) is an Australian international lawn bowler and indoor bowler .
Bowls career
World championships
Murphy has won the 2008 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in the fours , 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in the triples and twice in the singles at the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship and the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship . She successfully defended her title in the singles at the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Christchurch after defeating Lesley Doig in the final . This achievement is generally agreed to have elevated her to being the best female bowler since Margaret Johnston .
Commonwealth Games
She has won gold medals at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in the pairs . In addition she has won three Commonwealth Games silver medals , the most recent being in the Women 's triples at the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Asia Pacific Championships
She has won a remarkable 13 medals at the Asia Pacific Bowls Championships , of which no less than eight have been gold in colour .
Indoors
In 2012 , she also won the World Indoor Bowls Championship title , a fine achievement bearing in mind that she does not compete every year in the event held in England .
Awards
She has also been a guest commentator during the World Indoor Bowls Championships for the BBC . She was a Director for World Bowls from 2014-2018 .
Murphy was awarded Member of the Order of Australia ( AM ) in the 2021 Australia Day Honours , for `` For significant service to lawn bowls as an elite player at the international level . ''
References
1974 births
Living people
Bowls players at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Australian female bowls players
Bowls World Champions
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Indoor Bowls World Champions
Members of the Order of Australia
People from the Illawarra
Sportswomen from New South Wales
The Calvert Mill/Washington Mill , also known as the Old Mill , is an historic water-powered grinding mill located on Old Mill Road in Washington , Virginia . Its water source is the Rush River . The Calvert name comes from George Calvert , Jr. , a local landowner , who owned it from 1779 to 1800 . The oldest part of the present mill dates from this period . Later additions were made in 1840 and 1860 . It was bought in 1979 by Peter Kramer , who planned to restore it . As of 2008 , though , it stood unused and in disrepair .
On September 2 , 1982 , it was added to the National Register of Historic Places .
References
Washington , Virginia
Grinding mills in Virginia
Watermills in the United States
Buildings and structures in Rappahannock County , Virginia
Industrial buildings completed in 1860
Grinding mills on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Rappahannock County , Virginia
Goriče ( ; ) is a village west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Church
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Peter and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice .
References
External links
Goriče on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
A pentode transistor is any transistor having five active terminals .
Early pentode transistors
One early pentode transistor was developed in the early 1950s as an improvement over the point-contact transistor .
A point-contact transistor having three emitters . It became obsolete in the middle 1950s .
Pentode field-effect transistors having 3 gates , similar to vacuum tube pentodes have also been described
Modern pentode transistors
Triple emitter transistor in three input transistor-transistor logic gates .
Triple collector transistor in three output integrated injection logic gates .
Field effect transistor having three gates .
References
Transistor types
South Suburban College is a public community college in South Holland , Illinois . It has a second campus in Oak Forest , Illinois .
History
South Suburban College was founded in 1927 as Thornton Junior College . At that time , the college was an extension of Thornton Township High School in Harvey , Illinois . The Illinois Community College Act of 1965 created Community College District 510 and enlarged the area served to include Thornton Township High Schools District 205 , Thornton Fractional Township High School District 215 , and Bremen High School District 228 .
In 1969 , the name was changed to Thornton Community College to emphasize the comprehensive mission of the college . The college moved into its existing main campus facilities in South Holland in 1972 .
In June 1988 , the college 's board of trustees voted to change the name of the institution to South Suburban College to more accurately reflect the geographic location of the college . To serve the western portion of the district and provide opportunities for district residents to complete a four-year degree , the Oak Forest Center was opened in Oak Forest in 1992 .
Campus
The main campus is situated in South Holland , Illinois with a second campus , the Oak Forest Center located in Oak Forest , Illinois .
Athletics
Men 's Athletics
Basketball
Baseball
Soccer
Women 's Athletics
Basketball
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Notable alumni
Tom Baldwin - NFL player , New York Jets
Tim Byrdak , Major League Baseball player
Herb Coleman , American player of gridiron football
Ruth Johnson Colvin , Founder of the non-profit Literacy Volunteers of America , Inc. , now called ProLiteracy Worldwide in Syracuse , New York in 1962
Cliff Floyd , Major League Baseball player
Rob Mackowiak , Major League Baseball player
Ron Mahay , Major League Baseball player
Julius Matos , Major League Baseball player
Robert P. Regan , Illinois state representative and businessman
R. Bruce Waddell , Illinois state representative and businessman
References
External links
Community colleges in Illinois
Educational institutions established in 1927
Oak Forest , Illinois
South Holland , Illinois
Universities and colleges in Cook County , Illinois
NJCAA athletics
1927 establishments in Illinois
Section 4 of the Education Act 1944 set-up two Central Advisory Councils for Education , one for England and one for Wales & Monmouthshire . The purpose of the councils was to advise the Minister of Education upon matters connected with educational theory and practice , the advices were used to refine educational policy and develop educational institutes . Starting with a term of reference , the councils would carry out an enquiry and produce a report which would be submitted to the Minister of Education who could choose to publish the report .
Purpose of the councils
Rab Butler who was responsible for passing the Education Act 1944 ( aka the Butler Act ) , elaborated on the purpose of the councils when the bill was moved for a second reading in parliament :
To `` hold aloft the torch of true learning '' metaphorically described the outcome from applying current educational theory and best practice to improve education . To achieve such an outcome , evidence & research based advice was needed to influence government thinking , justify policy change , and set priorities so leading to the reallocation of resources used for education . The enquiries by the councils followed by the publication of their findings in reports were simply the first step to achieving the change needed to improve children 's lives for the better .
The reports , socialised out the current practices in education , both good and bad . They often legitimised some sensible ideas for educational change which were previously considered radical & progressive by the educational establishment . They had an unequalled ability to obtain a broad consensus for change across both the public and education profession . They established a blueprint for best practice and encouraged its adoption and they set parents expectations for the education of their children . Most importantly of all , they economically demonstrated the relationship between education and growth which helped to justify the significant post-war expansion in public education services . The reports often achieved their aims slowly by influencing government though exerting political pressure and extracting commitments which eventually led to the change needed to improve the lives of children .
The councils were learned , independent and respected . They received and absorbed evidence across a diverse range of opinions and undertook detailed research and surveys to support their findings . The result was the reports often became the definitive documents on a particular education service and were sometimes best sellers in their own rights .
To this purpose and over their 22 year lifespan , the councils investigated some of the most pertinent educational questions of the time with the results of their most important enquiries being published in reports by His Majesty 's Stationery Office ( HMSO ) . In addition the Ministry of Education sometimes received advice in the form of reports from the councils but then chose not to publish , these are on public records at the National Archives in Kew .
Composition of the Councils
The Minister of Education appointed the chairman & members for each council and supplied the secretariat from the Ministry of Education . The Education Act obliged the minister to appoint both persons who had experience of the public education system and persons who had an experience of educational institutions not forming part of that system , the original aim was to enlist the help of representatives of different aspects of the national life , whether they be industrial , scientific or cultural . This resulted in an eclectic mix of people on the council as evidenced by the membership of the inaugural English council , which was appointed by Rab Butler , the first Minister of Education : -
History
The constitution of the councils only changed organically over the first decade as originally the tenure of membership was set on a rotating basis allowing for some change to the council composition whilst still ensuring continuity , this organic change included the fact some councillors resigned of their own volition or passed away and those vacancies were filled , during this historical phase there was only one change in chairman as Sir Fred Clark was replaced by Samuel Gurney-Dixon .
This way of operating changed in 1956 when Sir David Eccles started to re-constitute the main English councils for each new enquiry , subsequently it was reconstituted 3 times by the Education Minister of the time : -
In March 1956 , by the minister , Sir David Eccles under the new chairman , Sir Geoffrey Crowther
In March 1961 , by the minister , Sir David Eccles under the new chairman , Lord Amory , who resigned during his tenure forcing the vice-chairman , John Newsom to then step up to chairman
In August 1963 , by the minister Sir Edward Boyle under the new chairwoman , Lady Bridget Plowden , with John Newsom dropping back down to vice-chairman .
Organisation
The councils were public bodies within the government of the United Kingdom , for context : -
The role of Minister of Education was created under the Education Act .
The Prime Minister appointed a member of parliament to the role .
The Education Minister produced an annual report for parliament .
The Education Minister was scrutinised by parliament and its committees .
The two advisory councils fitted into this organisation as follows : -
The central advisory councils were created under the Education Act so they were statutory .
The Education Minister appointed the chair and members of the council .
The Education Minister provided terms of reference for the enquiries .
The councils could also set their own terms of reference and could make independent enquiries as they saw fit .
By statute the annual report of the Ministry of Education included information on the workings of the councils .
This information enabled parliament and its committees to scrutinise the work of the councils .
This model resulted in the councils being partially autonomous rather than completely sub-ordinate to the Minister of Education .
Remits of the published enquiries
Each of the enquiries undertaken by the councils were under a term of reference ( aka remit ) which defined the scope & bounds of each enquiry . The councils either enquired on the questions raised by the minister or on questions independently identified by the councils themselves .
Own Remits
The unique difference between the councils and the commission which proceeded it or the committees which followed was the ability to set its own terms of reference , independently of the minister of education .
Major Published Reports
English Publications
The following are the six reports published by the English council : -
Welsh Publications
The following are the ten reports published by the Welsh council : -
Unpublished enquiries
England
The English council additionally completed five enquiries where the Minister of Education chose not to publish the reports , also one enquiry completed but with just a memorandum and one enquiry was not completed : -
1947 - 1948 ; - Education of the young worker ( report produced - unpublished ) .
1948 - 1951 ; - The crisis in the primary school ( report produced - unpublished ) .
1949 - 1949 ; - County College ( memoranda produced - unpublished ) .
1948 - 1950 ; - Relations between technical and general education .
1951 - 1954 ; - Premature leaving from secondary schools ( report produced - unpublished ) .
1949 - 1952 ; - The relation between school and university ( report produced - unpublished ) .
1950 - 1954 ; - The age of compulsory school attendance ( report produced - unpublished ) .
Wales
The Welsh council was smaller than its larger English counter-part and dealt with less significant enquiries but all ten of its enquiries resulted in reports which were all published .
Dissolution
After the issuance of the Plowden report , the final meeting of the central advisory council for education ( England ) was held on 16th October 1966 , with the tenure of all the members allowed to expire on 30th November 1966 . Similarly , after the issuance of the Gittins report , the equivalent council for Wales met in March 1967 and the tenure of their members was also allowed to expire shortly afterwards . Neither council was ever re-constituted again but the statute under which they were instituted [ section ( 4 ) of the Education Act 1944 ] remained in law until finally repealed on 1st November 1996 .
Replacement bodies
The educational advisory function was instead carried out by a multitude of non-statutory advisory bodies who were indirectly constituted at the behest of Ministers rather than being constituted directly under an act of parliament as were the two councils . In 1971 , the Secretary of State for Education & Science ( Margaret Thatcher ) explained the change to the 'advisory machinery ' and named many of the bodies who had replaced the work done by the two statutory advisory councils : -
Permanent ( standing ) advisory councils with thematic remits : -
Established 1948 ; - National Advisory Council on Education for Industry and Commerce
Established 1958 ; - National Advisory Council on Art Education
Established 1964 ; - The Schools Council
Established 1967 ; - The National Council for Educational Technology
Ad-hoc ( expert ) committees with single issue remits : -
Reported 1955 ; - Underwood Committee on Maladjusted Children
Reported 1960 ; - Anderson committee on awards to students
Reported 1960 ; - Albemarle committee on the youth service
Reported 1963 ; - Robbins committee on higher education
Reported 1968 ; - Summerfield Committee on psychologists in education services
Reported 1972 ; - James Committee on teacher training
Reported 1973 ; - Russell Committee on adult education
Reasons for replacement
The reasons the statutory councils were dissolved and replaced by non-statutory advisory bodies were manifold . Some education ministers such as Anthony Crosland , did not want an independent body contemplating the long-term vision needed for education instead the ministry of education under political control should carry out this fundamental activity and so the internal advisory capability of the ministry was improved . By their nature , the reports were often publicly critical of the status quo which was often construed as criticism of the education minister which was not appreciated . Ministers no longer considered it necessary for the councils to come-up with their own terms of reference and they were not keen on funding such work . The councils were subject to statutory reporting which led to more parliamentary scrutiny than with non-statutory advisory bodies .
Notes
Citations
References
Legislation
Reports ( England )
Reports ( Wales )
Hansard
UK government sources
National archives
Academics
Further reading
Education in England
Education in Wales
Streptomonospora is a Gram-positive and aerobic bacterial genus from the family of Nocardiopsaceae .
References
Further reading
Actinomycetales
Bacteria genera
The following list includes notable people who were born or have lived in Rutland , Vermont , United States .
Academics and writing
Julia C. R. Dorr , author ; resident of Rutland
Joy Hakim , history writer
Mary McGarry Morris , novelist
John Martin Thomas , ninth president of Middlebury College , ninth president of Penn State , and twelfth president of Rutgers University ; resident of Rutland
Charles E. Tuttle , publisher
Business
James E. Burke , CEO of Johnson & Johnson
John Deere , industrialist
George E. Royce , pioneer of marble quarrying industry , state senator
Military
Francis William Billado , Major General and Adjutant General of the Vermont National Guard
Barry M. Costello , US Navy vice admiral
Merritt A. Edson , US Marine Corps major general
Frederic Williams Hopkins , Adjutant General of the Vermont National Guard , 1837–1852
Daniel Murray , Loyalist Major for the British during the American Revolutionary War
Edward H. Ripley , American Civil War Brevet Brigadier General , brother of William Y. W. Ripley
William Y. W. Ripley , American Civil War recipient of the Medal of Honor
Leonard F. Wing , National Guard major general who commanded the 43rd Infantry Division in World War II
John E. Woodward , U.S. Army brigadier general
Music
Aaron Lewis , lead guitarist and founding member of Staind
Dan Tyminski , bluegrass composer , vocalist and instrumentalist
Politics
Horace W. Bailey , U.S . Marshal for Vermont
Edward L. Burke , U.S . Marshal for Vermont
Fred M. Butler , Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Frank H. Chapman , U.S . Marshal for Vermont
Percival W. Clement , 57th Governor of Vermont
Thomas W. Costello , state representative
Walter C. Dunton , Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Fred A . Field , U.S . Marshal for Vermont
Henry F. Field , Vermont State Treasurer
George Tisdale Hodges , U.S. congressman
Steven Howard , state representative
William Brown Ide ( 1796–1852 ) , state legislator , central figure in California 's Bear Flag Revolt of 1846 , named President of the Republic of California
Jim Jeffords , U.S. senator
Olin M. Jeffords , Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court , father of Senator Jim Jeffords
Lawrence C. Jones , Vermont Attorney General
Charles Linsley , Vermont attorney and politician
Kevin J. Mullin , member of the Vermont House of Representatives and Vermont Senate
John Prout , Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Joseph F. Radigan , United States Attorney for Vermont
Israel Smith ( 1759–1810 ) , member of the United States House of Representatives ; member of the United States Senate ; Governor of Vermont ; resident of Rutland
Milford K. Smith , Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Bert L. Stafford , mayor of Rutland
Robert Stafford , U.S. congressman and senator ; 71st Governor of Vermont
Richard C. Thomas , Secretary of State of Vermont
Charles K. Williams , Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court 1834–1846 ; Governor of Vermont 1850–1852 ; raised in Rutland
Sports
Rick Chaffee , Olympic ski racer
Suzy Chaffee , Olympic ski racer and actress
Andrea Mead Lawrence , first American to win two Olympic gold medals in skiing
Arlie Pond , pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles
Steve Wisniewski , guard and assistant offensive line coach for the Los Angeles/Oakland Raiders
Television and film
David Franzoni , Oscar-winning writer and producer of film Gladiator
David Giancola , filmmaker ; born in Rutland
Carlene King Johnson , Miss Vermont USA 1955 , Miss USA 1955
Fictional residents
Fitzgerald Thomas Grant III , President of the United States on the TV series Scandal ; has a house in Rutland
Master Pandemonium , comic book villain
Snow Job , character from G.I . Joe
References
Rutland , Vermont
Rutland
Elizabeth Stuart may refer to :
Members of the royal House of Stuart
Elizabeth Stuart , Countess of Lennox ( 1555–1582 ) , mother of Arabella Stuart
Elizabeth Stuart , 2nd Countess of Moray ( 1565–1591 ) , daughter of James Stewart , 1st Earl of Moray and Agnes Keith
Elizabeth Stuart , Queen of Bohemia ( 1596–1662 ) , daughter of James VI/I of Scotland and England
Elizabeth Stuart ( 1610–1674 ) , daughter of Esmé Stewart , 3rd Duke of Lennox
Elizabeth Stuart ( daughter of Charles I ) ( 1635–1650 ) , daughter of Charles I of England and Scotland
Elizabeth Stuart ( daughter of James II ) ( 1678–1678/1679 ) , daughter of James II/VII of England and Scotland and Mary of Modena
Other people
Elizabeth Stuart ( theologian ) ( born 1963 ) , British theologian
Elizabeth A. Stuart , professor of mental health and biostatistics
Liz Stuart ( born 1960 ) , voice actress from Happy Tree Friends
See also
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward ( 1844–1911 ) , feminist American author and intellectual
Eliza Stewart ( disambiguation )
Elizabeth Stewart ( disambiguation )
Tokumbo `` Tumbo '' Abanikanda ( pronounced : A-banna-conda ) ( born December 25 , 1986 ) is a former professional American and Canadian football linebacker . He was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos as a street free agent in 2009 . He played college football for the Southern Miss Golden Eagles .
Early years
Abanikanda attended Osborne High School in Marietta , Georgia . Coming out of high school , he was two-star recruit . According to Rivals.com , Abanikanda ran a 4.62 forty-yard dash , benched 330 pounds , with 20 repetitions . Abanikanda was headed to Illinois until a final push from Southern Miss changed his mind .
College career
In 2008 , as a senior at the University of Southern Mississippi , Abanikanda recorded 94 tackles , 11 tackles for a loss , three forced fumbles , two sacks , a pass broken up and one interception .
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft , Abanikanda was invited to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers rookie camp , but was not signed .
Following his backup plan , Abanikanda signed with the Edmonton Eskimos on May 26 , 2009 . After the release of Derrick Doggett on June 10 , Abanikanda 's main competition for the starting weakside linebacker spot is fellow import rookie Mark Restelli also in his first year with Edmonton . Abanikanda debuted for Edmonton on June 17 in a preseason game against the Saskatchewan Roughriders and recorded three tackles while Restelli had one tackle and an interception . Eskimos head coach Richie Hall has called Abanikanda and Restelli 's battle the closest one in camp so far . Hall also stated that he hoped , `` one player outperforms the other player '' in Edmonton 's next preseason game against the BC Lions on June 21 . '' During training camp , his head coach called him `` T . A . '' because he could n't pronounce his name . Eventually , he was released on June 25 , 2009 , as a final cut with Restelli winning the job , however he could end up on the Eskimos ' practice roster . He was re-signed to the practice roster on June 29 , 2009 , only to be released again on July 12 .
Scouting career
Abanikanda has spent time as a scout for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League .
References
1986 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Players of Canadian football from Atlanta
Canadian football linebackers
Edmonton Elks players
Players of American football from Atlanta
Southern Miss Golden Eagles football players
Atlanta Falcons scouts
The pallid honeyguide ( Indicator meliphilus ) is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae . The species is also known as the eastern least honyeguide .
It is found in Angola , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
Taxonomy and systematics
The species is very closely related to Willcocks 's honeyguide , and the two species are very similar in size , and this species will even respond to recordings of the Willcocks 's honeyguide 's voice . Another species , Indicator narokensis has been described from the border of Kenya and Tanzania , this appears to been described from a juvenile pallid honeyeater and is not accepted as a valid species .
References
External links
( Eastern honeyguide = ) Pallid honeyguide - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
pallid honeyguide
Birds of Southern Africa
Birds of East Africa
pallid honeyguide
pallid honeyguide
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stanleya is a genus of freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Paludomidae .
Rumella is the type genus of the tribe Rumellini .
Species
Species in the genus Stanleya include :
Stanleya neritinoides ( E. A. Smith , 1880 ) ( synonym : Rumella milneedwardsiana Bourguignat , 1885 )
Synonyms
Stanleya giraudi : synonym of Stanleya neritinoides ( E. A. Smith , 1880 ) ( junior synonym )
Stanleya rotundata E. A. Smith , 1904 : synonym of Bridouxia rotundata ( E. A. Smith , 1904 ) ( original combination )
Stanleya smithiana Bourguignat , 1885 : synonym of Stanleya neritinoides ( E. A. Smith , 1880 ) ( junior synonym )
References
Strong , E. E. ; Glaubrecht , M. ( 2003 ) . Anatomy and systematic affinity of Stanleya neritinoides ( Smith , 1880 ) , an enigmatic member of the thalassoid gastropod species flock in Lake Tanganyika , East Africa ( Cerithioidea , Paludomidae ) . Acta Zoologica . 84 : 249–265 .
Bank , R. A . ( 2017 ) . Classification of the Recent freshwater/brackish Gastropoda of the World . Last update : January 24th , 2018 . OpenAccess publication .
External links
Bourguignat , J.-R. ( 1885 ) . Notice prodromique sur les mollusques terrestres et fluviatiles recueillis par M. Victor Giraud dans la région méridionale du lac Tanganyika . 110 pp . Paris
Paludomidae
The Croatian World Club Championship is a FIFA sanctioned international football tournament for Croatian diaspora football clubs . Founded in 2007 , the tournament is organised by the Croatian Football Federation on behalf of the Croatian Heritage Foundation and Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Croatia .
History
The Croatian World Club Championship was founded in 2007 by the Croatian Heritage Foundation and Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Croatia . The tournament is held every four years in Croatia by various host cities and venues . Clubs and teams with Croatian heritage or connections ( Croatian diaspora ) from around the world are selected for invitation to participate in the eight team tournament .
The inaugural tournament was hosted by Zagreb and surrounding region between 24 and 30 June 2007 . Toronto Croatia won the first championship with a 3–1 victory over runner-up Canberra Croatia . Croatian Football Federation president Vlatko Marković presented Toronto the Championship trophy . Burgenland Croatian finished third .
The second tournament was hosted by Split and surrounding region between 26 June and 1 July 2011 . Toronto Croatia claimed back to back titles in 2011 with a 5–0 victory in the championship final over runner-up Canberra Croatia . SV Dinamo Ottakring finished third .
The third edition of the tournament was hosted by Zagreb and surrounding region between 28 June and 4 July 2015 . NK Pajde Möhlin won its first title in the 2015 edition of the tournament with a 4–0 victory in the championship final over runner-up Vojvođanski Hrvati . Toronto Croatia finished third .
Format of Championship
Structure
8 teams compete
Those 8 teams are separated into 2 groups of 4 teams each
Winner of each group advances to the championship final
Runner-up of each group advances to bronze play-off
Rules
3 points for a win
1 point for a draw
0 points for a loss
Goal differences used to differentiate two teams on equal points in group stage
Schedule
Group matches are played over three game days , each consisting of two matches
The bronze play-off and championship final are played on the same day ( fourth game day )
2007 Championship
The inaugural tournament was hosted by Zagrab and surrounding region between 24 and 30 June 2007 . The eight teams selected to participate were : Toronto Croatia ( Canada ) , SC Croat San Pedro ( USA ) , HNK Zrinski Chicago ( USA ) from CONCACAF , Sydney United ( Australia ) from AFC , NK Croatia Essen ( Germany ) , SD Croatia Berlin ( Germany ) , AS Croatia Villefranche ( France ) and Burgenland Croatian ( Austria ) from UEFA . Of these only Burgenland was not an established club , but rather a selection side assembled after the Croatian World Games . Sydney United had to withdraw from the tournament due to financial and organisational reasons , so Canberra FC ( known as Canberra Croatia at the tournament ) stepped in to participate .
Group A
Toronto Croatia
NK Croatia Essen
SC Croat San Pedro
Burgenland Croats
25 June 2007
Toronto Croatia - Burgenland Croatian 1:0 ( 0:0 )
NK Croatia Essen - SC Croat San Pedro 0:3 ( 0:2 )
27 June 2007
Burgenland Croatian - SC Croat San Pedro 1:1 ( 0:1 )
Toronto Croatia - NK Croatia Essen 9:0 ( 4:0 )
28 June 2007
Burgenland Croatian - NK Croatia Essen 5:0 ( 2:0 )
Toronto Croatia - SC Croat San Pedro 2:1 ( 1:1 )
Group B
Canberra Croatia
SD Croatia Berlin
HNK Zrinski Chicago
AS Croatia Villefranche
25 June 2007
SD Croatia Berlin - HNK Zrinski Chicago 1:3 ( 1:2 )
AS Croatia Villefranche - Canberra Croatia 1:5 ( 0:0 )
27 June 2007
AS Croatia Villefranche - HNK Zrinski Chicago 0:3 ( 0:1 )
Canberra Croatia - SD Croatia Berlin 2:2 ( 1:1 )
28 June 2007
AS Croatia Villefranche - SD Croatia Berlin 1:6 ( 0:3 )
Canberra Croatia - HNK Zrinski Chicago 3:1 ( 1:1 )
Bronze Play-off
Final
2011 Championship
The second tournament was hosted by Split and surrounding region between 26 June - 2 July 2011 . The eight teams selected to participate were : Toronto Croatia ( Canada ) and SC Croat San Pedro ( USA ) from CONCACAF , Canberra Croatia ( Australia ) from AFC , SV Dinamo Ottakring ( Austria ) , SD Croatia Berlin ( Germany ) , NK Croatia Zürich ( Switzerland ) , NK Croatia Stuttgart ( Germany ) and NK Pajde Möhlin ( Switzerland ) from UEFA .
Group A
Toronto Croatia
SV Dinamo Ottakring
SD Croatia Berlin
NK Croatia Zürich
26 June 2011
Toronto Croatia - NK Croatia Zürich 4:1
SD Croatia Berlin - SV Dinamo Ottakring 2:3
28 June 2011
Toronto Croatia - SV Dinamo Ottakring 3:0
SD Croatia Berlin - NK Croatia Zürich 0:0
30 June 2011
Toronto Croatia - SD Croatia Berlin 2:0
SV Dinamo Ottakring - NK Croatia Zürich 0:0
Group B
Canberra Croatia
NK Pajde Möhlin
NK Croatia Stuttgart
SC Croat San Pedro
Final group placings source :
26 June 2011
Match details TBD
Match details TBD
28 June 2011
Match details TBD
Match details TBD
30 June 2011
Match details TBD
Match details TBD
Bronze Play-off
Final
2015 Championship
The third tournament was hosted by Zagreb and surrounding region between 28 June - 4 July 2015 . The eight teams selected to participate were : Toronto Croatia ( Canada ) from CONCACAF , Sydney United 58 ( Australia ) and Canberra Croatia ( Australia ) from AFC , AS Croatia Villefranche ( France ) , Vojvođanski Hrvati ( Serbia ) , Croatia Malmö ( Sweden ) , NK Croatia Stuttgart ( Germany ) and NK Pajde Möhlin ( Switzerland ) from UEFA . Of these only Vojvođanski Hrvati was not an established club , but rather a selection side from the autonomous region of Vojvodina in Serbia 's north .
Croatian Football Federation President Davor Šuker and Zagreb Mayor Milan Bandić officially opened the tournament .
Group A
Toronto Croatia
Vojvođanski Hrvati
Sydney United 58
AS Croatia Villefranche
28 June 2015
17:30 | Stadion Hrvatskog dragovoljca | Toronto Croatia - Sydney United 58 | 5:2 ( 1:1 )
29 June 2015
18:30 | Stadion Hrvatskog dragovoljca | AS Croatia Villefranche - Vojvođanski Hrvati | 1:3
1 July 2015
16:00 | Stadion Intera , Zaprešić | Vojvođanski Hrvati - Sydney United 58 | 3:1
19:30 | Stadion Intera , Zaprešić | Toronto Croatia - AS Croatia Villefranche | 1:1 ( 0:0 )
2 July 2015
18:30 | Stadion Lučko | Vojvođanski Hrvati - Toronto Croatia | 2:2 ( 1:0 )
18:30 | Stadion Rudeša | Sydney United 58 - AS Croatia Villefranche | 0:6
Group B
Canberra Croatia
NK Pajde Möhlin
NK Croatia Stuttgart
Croatia Malmö
29 June 2015
16:30 | Stadion Sesveta | Canberra Croatia - Croatia Malmö | 0:0 ( 0:0 )
18:30 | Stadion Sesveta | NK Croatia Stuttgart - NK Pajde Möhlin | 0:2 ( 0:2 )
1 July 2015
16:30 | Stadion Gorice | NK Pajde Möhlin - Croatia Malmö | 3:2 ( 1:2 )
18:30 | Stadion Gorice | Canberra Croatia - NK Croatia Stuttgart | 3:1 ( 1:0 )
2 July 2015
18:30 | Stadion Lučko | NK Pajde Möhlin - Canberra Croatia | 4:1 ( 1:1 )
18:30 | Stadion Rudeša | Croatia Malmö - NK Croatia Stuttgart | 1:1
Bronze Play-off
Final
References
External links
HNS-vijesti Croatian Football Federation news
Football competitions in Croatia
Recurring sporting events established in 2007
June sporting events
Croatian diaspora
Enzo Frisoni ( born 10 March 1947 ) is a former Sammarinese cyclist . He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Sammarinese male cyclists
Italian male cyclists
Italian people of Sammarinese descent
Olympic cyclists of San Marino
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Rimini
Cyclists from Emilia-Romagna
In hydrology , behavioral modeling is a modeling approach that focuses on the modeling of the behavior of hydrological systems .
The behavioral modeling approach makes the main assumption that every system , given its environment , has a most probable behavior . This most probable behavior can be either determined directly based on the observable system characteristics and expert knowledge or , the most frequent case , has to be inferred from the available information and a likelihood function that encodes the probability of some assumed behaviors .
This modeling approach has been proposed by Sivapalan et al . ( 2006 ) in watershed hydrology .
See also
Ecohydrology
Geomorphology
Biogeomorphology
Fluvial landforms of streams
References
Sivapalan , M. , et al . ( 2006 ) , Behavioural modelling - A new approach for hydrologic prediction , paper presented at the workshop Preferential flow and transport processes in soil , November 4-9 , 2006 , Ascona , Switzerland .
Hydrology
Marco Hangl ( born 20 April 1967 ) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1967 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Vertigo Bluff ( ) is a prominent rock bluff ( 1,950 m ) located 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) south of Asquith Bluff on the west side of Lennox-King Glacier . Rock samples were collected at the bluff by John Gunner and Henry Brecher of the Ohio State University Geological Expedition , 1969–70 . The name suggested by Gunner reflects the precipitous nature of the bluff face .
Cliffs of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Cheerharan ( ) is a Nepali mythological novel by Neelam Karki Niharika . It was published in 2016 by Sangri-La Books . It is the ninth book of the author . The book won the Padmashree Sahitya Puraskar in the same year . It is a retelling of the Mahabharata epic . The novel shows the pain suffered by women in the political and social environment in the epic . Karki has presented the views of various females characters such as Satyawati , Kunti , Ambika , Ambalika , Gandhari , etc . in this book unlike the epic which is mostly male-centered .
Synopsis
Cheerharan is a retelling of the infamous humiliation of Draupadi from the Sabha Parva of Mahabharata . During the game of dice , Pandavas place their wife Draupadi for the bet and loses her after which she is humiliated by the Kauravsas . The Kauravas strips her in front of the whole court and Pandavas do nothing to protect her dignity . In the end , Lord Krishna interferes to save her from humiliation . This part is one of the key moments that eventually lead to Mahabarata war .
The novel draws a parallel on the exploitation of women during that period and the modern age .
Reception
The book won the Padmashree Sahitya Puraskar for the year 2072 BS . The book was also shortlisted for the prestigious Madan Puraskar for the same year but lost to Ramlal Joshi 's Aina . Karki later went on to win the prize for her next novel - Yogmaya .
Rishi Ram Bhusal in his review for The Annapurna Post praised this book as `` a valuable addition to Nepali literature '' .
See also
Yogmaya
Dumero
Parityakta
Aina
References
21st-century Nepalese novels
2016 Nepalese novels
Padmashree Sahitya Puraskar-winning works
Nepalese novels
Nepali-language novels
Novels based on the Mahabharata
Reid vapor pressure ( RVP ) is a common measure of the volatility of gasoline and other petroleum products . It is defined as the
absolute vapor pressure exerted by the vapor of the liquid and any dissolved gases/moisture at 37.8 °C ( 100 °F ) as determined by the test method ASTM-D-323 , which was first developed in 1930 and has been revised several times ( the latest version is ASTM D323-15a ) . The test method measures the vapor pressure of gasoline , volatile crude oil , jet fuels , naphtha , and other volatile petroleum products but is not applicable for liquefied petroleum gases . ASTM D323-15a requires that the sample be chilled to 0 to 1 degrees Celsius and then poured into the apparatus ; for any material that solidifies at this temperature , this step can not be performed . RVP is commonly reported in kilopascals ( kPa ) or pounds per square inch ( psi ) and represents volatization at atmospheric pressure because ASTM-D-323 measures the gauge pressure of the sample in a non-evacuated chamber .
The matter of vapor pressure is important relating to the function and operation of gasoline-powered , especially carbureted , vehicles and is also important for many other reasons . High levels of vaporization are desirable for winter starting and operation and lower levels are desirable in avoiding vapor lock during summer heat . Fuel can not be pumped when there is vapor in the fuel line ( summer ) and winter starting will be more difficult when liquid gasoline in the combustion chambers has not vaporized . Thus , oil refineries manipulate the Reid vapor pressure seasonally specifically to maintain gasoline engine reliability .
The Reid vapor pressure ( RVP ) can differ substantially from the true vapor pressure ( TVP ) of a liquid mixture , since ( 1 ) RVP is the vapor pressure measured at 37.8 °C ( 100 °F ) and the TVP is a function of the temperature ; ( 2 ) RVP is defined as being measured at a vapor-to-liquid ratio of 4:1 , whereas the TVP of mixtures can depend on the actual vapor-to-liquid ratio ; ( 3 ) RVP will include the pressure associated with the presence of dissolved water and air in the sample ( which is excluded by some but not all definitions of TVP ) ; and ( 4 ) the RVP method is applied to a sample which has had the opportunity to volatize somewhat prior to measurement : i.e. , the sample container is required to be only 70-80 % full of liquid ( so that whatever volatizes into the container headspace is lost prior to analysis ) ; the sample then again volatizes into the headspace of the D323 test chamber before it is heated to 37.8 degrees Celsius .
See also
Crude oil assay
Gasoline volatility
Vapor pressure
External links
ASTM D323 - 06 Standard Test Methods for Vapor Pressure of Petroleum Products ( Reid Method )
Reid Vapor Pressure Requirements for Ethanol Congressional Research Service
USA 's Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) publication AP-42 , Compilation of Air Pollutant Emissions . Chapter 7 ( RVP is a parameter in the estimation of petroleum tank evaporative losses )
References
Chemical properties
Physical chemistry
Engineering thermodynamics
Natural gas
Oil refining
Petroleum production
Laura Elizabeth McLaren , Baroness Aberconway CBE , DStJ ( née Pochin ; 14 May 1854 – 4 January 1933 ) was a British suffragist , author and horticulturalist .
Life
Her birth was registered in the Salford district of Lancashire on 14 May 1854 . She was the daughter of Henry Davis Pochin , a noted industrialist and chemist , and his wife , Agnes ( née Heap ) , a leading women 's rights activist .
She married the journalist and Liberal MP Charles McLaren , a business associate of her father 's , at Westminster on 6 March 1877 . Charles McLaren was later created Baron Aberconway . They had four children . Laura McLaren 's two sons became Liberal MP 's , Henry D. McLaren for the West Staffordshire constituency and , Francis McLaren for the Spalding constituency in Lincolnshire . Francis married Barbara Jekyll , a niece of the famous garden designer Gertrude Jekyll . He was killed in a flying accident in 1917 . Her daughter Priscilla , also a noted activist and suffragist , married Sir Henry Norman and , with him , developed gardens at Ramster Hall , Surrey . Laura 's other daughter , Elsie Dorothea , married Edward Alexander James Johns .
Baroness Aberconway was a campaigner for women 's suffrage , founding the Liberal Women 's Suffrage Union and publishing some writings on the subject . During World War I , she converted her house in London into a hospital and helped run it .
She died in 1933 at her home , Château de la Garoupe , on the Cap d'Antibes .
Awards and honors
In 1918 , Aberconway was appointed CBE . She was also appointed Dame of Grace of the Venerable Order of St John .
Other
Outside politics Aberconway was a talented artist and horticulturalist . She and her husband worked to expand and improve the Bodnant Garden begun by her father . Château de la Garoupe is hailed for his beautiful garden .
Writings
The Women 's Charter of Rights and Liberties . London , John Sewell , 1909 .
The Prime Minister and Women 's Suffrage London , John Sewell , 1913 .
References
1854 births
1933 deaths
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Dames of Grace of the Order of St John
English gardeners
English suffragists
British baronesses
Laura
Victoria Medal of Honour ( Horticulture ) recipients
People from Salford
International Center for Journalists ( ICFJ ) is a non-profit , professional organization located in Washington , D.C. , United States , that promotes journalism worldwide . Since 1984 , the International Center for Journalists has worked directly with more than 70,000 journalists from 180 countries over 27 years . ICFJ offers hands-on training , workshops , seminars , fellowships and international exchanges to reporters and media managers around the globe .
History
ICFJ was founded in 1984 by Tom Winship , Jim Ewing , and George Krimsky , three prominent U.S. journalists , to support their fellow journalists abroad , especially those in countries with poor or non-existent free press systems . They believed that the proper role of the news media is to expose , investigate , and articulate issues of concern to average citizens and wished to propagate these ideals across the globe .
In 2006 , ICFJ established the ICFJ Founders Award for Excellence in Journalism as a tribute to Winship , Ewing and Krimsky . This award is presented to a journalist with a long-time commitment to the highest standards of the profession . Past recipients include CBS News ' Bob Schieffer ( 2006 ) , NBC News ' Tom Brokaw ( 2007 ) , The New York Times ' John F. Burns ( 2008 ) and investigative journalist Seymour Hersh ( 2009 ) .
Flagship Programs
Knight International Journalism Fellowships
The Knight International Journalism Fellowships program pairs global media professionals with partner media organizations in key countries where there are opportunities for meaningful and measurable change . The program , launched in 1994 with support from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation , now also receives support from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
International Journalists ' Network ( IJNet )
The International Journalists ' Network ( IJNet ) is an online service that provides information on a wide range of training opportunities to a global network of journalists and media development organizations . The site offers the latest social networking tools , discussion spaces and forums . IJNet also sends weekly email bulletins in Arabic , English , Chinese , Persian , Portuguese , Russian and Spanish to more than 71,000 media professionals .
IJNet keeps track of media training and other assistance efforts in more than 150 countries , enabling donors and journalism training organizations to maximize resources and avoid duplication . Support for IJNet comes from the Eurasia Foundation , the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation , the National Endowment for Democracy , the Open Society Institute and friends of ICFJ .
References
External links
International Center for Journalists
ICFJ/Knight International Journalism Fellowships
International Journalists ' Network ( IJNet )
International journalism organizations
`` Yes Girl '' ( stylized in all lowercase ) is a song by American singer Bea Miller . It was released on May 20 , 2016 via Hollywood Records . The track was written by Miller herself , Ilsey Juber and American production team Pop & Oak , who also produced the song .
Composition
The song was written by Miller herself , Ilsey Juber and American production team Pop & Oak , who also produced the song . Co-production is handled by Treviorious and Zaire Koalo . Is described as a `` moody pop rock anthem '' . With the song , Miller wanted to combine a live aspect , live instruments , with programmed instruments , `` in a way that nobody really does in pop music , at least not right now , '' said during a late call on Fuse . `` I wanted to come up with something that was really original and true to me . Oak was the first person , out of all the producers I 've worked with , to capture that immediately . It was this whole new feeling '' , she continued . About the inspiration for the song , she told People , `` I had a lot of people in my life telling me what I needed to be doing and what direction I need to be going in . I was just getting really stressed out , and I found myself saying yes to a lot of things that I really did n't want to . There 's that saying of being a Yes Man , and I was kind of being a Yes Girl . I wrote this song to remind myself that I can stand up for myself and be passionate about things and have an opinion – and that it 's not wrong , I figured out if I put happiness in myself , that , if it comes from myself , I can be happy . If I tell myself I can accomplish things , I can do them . I 'm excited about my fans to see how much I 've grown . ''
Commercial performance
The song debuted at No . 22 on the Billboard Twitter Top Tracks chart , making it her third song to chart there along `` Fire n Gold '' and `` Force of Nature '' .
Music video
A lyric video was uploaded on August 5 , 2016 on her official Vevo channel . The official music video , directed by Aya Tanimura , was premiered on a special event in Los Angeles , California on August 24 , 2016 and on Miller 's official Vevo channel on August 25 .
Track listing
Digital download
`` Yes Girl '' – 3:51
Release history
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Bea Miller songs
Hollywood Records singles
Songs written by Ilsey Juber
Songs written by Oak Felder
Songs written by Pop Wansel
Songs written by Bea Miller
Liscomb Game Sanctuary is a conservation area that straddles the border of Halifax Regional Municipality and Guysborough County in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia . Nova Scotia Route 374 runs north–south through the sanctuary . Within the sanctuary are two nature reserves and parts of two wilderness areas .
The game sanctuary
Administered by the Department of Natural Resources of the Government of Nova Scotia , Liscomb game sanctuary was established in 1928 as an area where hunting and trapping were prohibited . Its boundaries have been revised since then , but it now covers an area of . Since 1996 there has been a short hunting season in which only muzzle-loading firearms are permitted . The Alder Ground wilderness area and the Boggy Lake wilderness area partially overlap the sanctuary , resulting in 844 hectares being designated as both sanctuary and wilderness area . However , a quarter of the reserve is privately owned , largely by pulp industry interests .
The sanctuary is habitat for white-tailed deer and the endangered mainland Nova Scotia moose . It was one of the last areas left to contain caribou . There is current contention amongst wilderness groups as to whether forest harvesting practices involving clear-cutting are affecting wildlife . The Forest Products Association of Nova Scotia contends that the presence of even aged forest stands is due to wildfire rather than harvesting practice .
Parts of the Liscomb Game Sanctuary are of geological importance as they are within the Quartzite Barrens of Nova Scotia , which historically produced lots of gold . Exploration drilling was taking place in 2018 .
Abraham Lake Nature Reserve
Within the game sanctuary is the Abraham Lake Nature Reserve , a provincially designated nature reserve owned by the Nature Conservancy of Canada ( NCC ) . Extending over , it is noted for its old-growth red spruce , some of which are 200 years old and 30 m tall , which is now a rarity in Nova Scotia . The land was donated to NCC in 1995 by Scott Paper Company and is surrounded by industrial forest lands . There is a 4.5 km hiking trail on the reserve .
Rush Lake Nature Reserve
Also within the game sanctuary is the 307-hectare Rush Lake Nature Reserve which has one of the last stands of mature Acadian forest within the sanctuary . Tree species present are red spruce , sugar maple , yellow birch and American beech . It provides habitat for moose , an endangered species in mainland Nova Scotia .
References
Protected areas of Nova Scotia
Landforms of Guysborough County , Nova Scotia
Landforms of Halifax County , Nova Scotia
Further reading
The Latvian nationality law ( ) is based on the Citizenship Law of 1994 ( as at 2013 , amended four times , most recently through the amendments approved by the Parliament of Latvia on May 9 , 2013 ) . It is primarily based on jus sanguinis .
History
The first nationality law of Latvia was adopted in August , 1919 . In September , 1940 , the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union adopted a decree on the order of receiving USSR citizenship by the citizens of the Latvian , Lithuanian and Estonian SSRs , after the Baltic states had been occupied by the Soviet Union . In October , 1991 , the Supreme Council of the Republic of Latvia has adopted a resolution `` On the renewal of Republic of Latvia citizens ' rights and fundamental principles of naturalization '' declaring the 1940 decree null and void with regard to Republic of Latvia citizens .
On 2 September 2012 , the Central Election Commission received a draft for amendments to the Citizenship Law , providing that , from 1 January 2014 , all non-citizens ( a status held by former USSR citizens who do not possess citizenship of Latvia or any other state and who do not apply for citizenship while residing in Latvia ) , who by 30 November 2013 had not applied , under the rules of the Cabinet of Ministers , to retain the status of non-citizen shall be considered to be citizens of Latvia ; these amendments would have automatically granted citizenship to any person who might have the status of non-citizen , without regard for place of residence , interest in acquiring citizenship of Latvia , and awareness of the amendments . The Central Election Commission sought opinions from legal experts before itself making any decision on the admissibility and sufficiency of the popular initiative . The majority of the experts requested were inclined to consider there to have been sound arguments for ceasing organisation of the popular initiative , the Central Election Commission went along with their opinion .
Dual citizenship
Dual citizenship is not prohibited by Latvian citizenship law . According to the amendments to the Citizenship Law which came into force on 1 October 2013 , citizenship of Latvia may be retained for persons who have acquired the citizenship of :
another EU Member State or an EFTA Member State ;
another NATO Member State ;
Australia , Brazil or New Zealand ;
such a country with which Latvia has concluded an agreement on the recognition of dual citizenship ( no such agreement is currently concluded ) ;
a country not referred to previously if due to important national interests permission from the Government of Latvia is received to retain dual citizenship ;
a country not referred to previously if it has been acquired automatically ( ex lege ) , through marriage or as a result of adoption .
Children of citizens of Latvia may hold dual citizenship with any country . Some countries , such as Japan , however , do not permit their nationals to also , after reaching adulthood , hold a foreign citizenship . A dual Latvian-Japanese national must declare , to Japan 's Ministry of Justice , his or her intention as to which citizenship to keep , before turning 22 .
Before October 1 , 2013 , the newly acquired non-Latvian citizenship is simply not recognised by the Republic of Latvia , with the exception of a transitional clause : Latvia allows dual citizenship for those and their descendants who were forced to leave Latvia during the Soviet or Nazi occupations and adopted another citizenship while away from Latvia . In order to be eligible for dual citizenship , they had to claim it by July 1 , 1995 . If such a claim is made after this date , they shall renounce the citizenship of another state . If by a law of another state a Latvian citizen may be a citizen of this state , in relations with Latvia this person is considered solely as a Latvian citizen .
In general terms , you might be eligible to get Latvian citizenship by descent and keep existing citizenship ( dual citizenship ) if :
One of your parents , grandparents or grand-grandparents was a Latvian citizen prior to 1940 .
They withdrew or were exiled from Latvia during the 1940-1990 period .
The application procedure requires having documents that prove your connection to the family member with Latvian heritage and proof that they withdrew or were exiled . If the ancestors of the applicant left prior to 1940 , he/she will still be able to qualify for citizenship , but will not qualify to have dual citizenship .
Travel Freedom & Quality of Nationality
In 2017 , the Latvian nationality is ranked twenty-third in the Nationality Index ( QNI ) . The QNI considers travel freedom and internal factors such as peace & stability , economic strength , and human development as well .
Citizenship of the European Union
Because Latvia forms part of the European Union , Latvian citizens are also citizens of the European Union under European Union law and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament . When in a non-EU country where there is no Latvian embassy , Latvian citizens have the right to get consular protection from the embassy of any other EU country present in that country . Latvian citizens can live and work in any country within the EU as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty .
See also
Non-citizens ( Latvia )
Visa requirements for Latvian citizens
References
External links
Citizenship Law , as amended in 2013 ( up-to-date , as at 2019 )
Data on Latvia at the European Union Observatory on Democracy ( Robert Schuman Centre , European University Institute )
Decisions of the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Latvia :
Judgment in Case No . 2009-94-01 ( on the Paragraph 1 of the Transitional Provisions of the Citizenship Law ) and press release on the judgment , in English
Decision to terminate the case 2007-07-01
Information on citizenship of Latvia at the nationality portal of the Council of Europe
Citizenship section on the website of the Office of Citizenship and Migration Affairs
Latvia and the European Union
{ { Infobox school
| name = Kent College , Canterbury
| image =
| image_size = 1000x720
| coordinates =
| motto = Lux Tua Via Mea ( )
| established = 1885
| closed =
| type = Public SchoolIndependent day and boarding school
| religious_affiliation = Methodist
| president =
| head_label = Executive Headmaster
| head = David Lamper
| r_head_label = Headmaster
| r_head = Mark Turnbull
| chair_label =
| chair =
| founder =
| specialist =
| address = Whitstable Road
| city = Canterbury
| county = Kent
| country = England
| postcode = CT2 9DT
| local_authority =
| ofsted =
| staff =
| enrolment = c.750 pupils
| gender =
| lower_age = 11
| upper_age = 18
| houses = Marlowe , Augustine , Becket , Chaucer
| colours = Maroon , Gold , White
| publication = Kent College Times | free_label_1 = Former Pupils
| free_1 = Old Canterburians
| free_label_2 = Houses
| free_2 = Boys : Elfick , Gamon , Guilford . Girls : Austen , Wesley
| free_label_3 =
| website = http : //www.kentcollege.com/
} }
Kent College , Canterbury is a co-educational independent school for boarding and day pupils between the ages of 3 months and 18 years . It was founded in 1885 , and is a member of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference . Originally established as a boys ' public school , it admitted girls into the sixth form in 1973 and since 1975 it has been fully co-educational .
The senior school occupies a semi-rural site of some on the edge of the city of Canterbury , and also owns the nearby Moat Estate , where there is a farm , managed by staff and pupils , and sports pitches . These are adjacent to Blean Forest .
Its junior school is located about a mile away , and provides day school education for boys and girls between the ages of 3 and 11 , and boarding for children aged 7 and above .
Kent College Dubai is a secondary campus of the Canterbury school which is located in Meydan City . The college opened in September 2016 . It was announced in 2018 that a further overseas campus was to be opened in Hong Kong .
History
The school was founded in 1885 as the Wesleyan College , Canterbury . Built on land being made available by Edward Pillow , a local gentleman-farmer – recognition of which endures by way of the school 's `` Pillow Prize '' – the foundation stone for the main building was laid in 1887 . The architect was Charles Bell . In 1920 Kent College was acquired by the Board of Management for Methodist Residential Schools . Buildings forming a quadrangle were subsequently erected to the rear of the main building and the chapel . An increase in the number of pupils through the twentieth century , attributable in part to the admittance of girls , necessitated the construction of , among other buildings , three boarding houses .
BuildingsMain Building , Chapel and School House :
The Main Building , which accommodates School House , and the School Room , which was converted for use as a chapel in 1936 , were constructed in two stages in 1887 and 1900 . The stained-glass windows in the chapel depict things incorporated in the school 's badge . In 1938 a fire , which broke out when the master on duty was at the cinema in Canterbury , caused substantial damage to the Main Building ; the central spire collapsed and was not replaced during reconstruction.Prickett Building :
Named after John Prickett , a former headmaster . The building was used for the Kent College Junior School . It is recorded in the `` Kent College Centenary Book '' that during the construction of the Prickett Building , difficulties arose because of the presence of an underground spring.Science Block :
The Science Block was constructed in 1958 by the school , financed by parents , friends and Old Canterburians in addition to a contribution from the Industrial Fund , and was opened by Professor Charles Coulson . `` Glasshouse '' classrooms :
The `` Glasshouse classrooms '' , at the north side of the Quad. , were opened by James Chuter-Ede , Baron Chuter-Ede of Epsom ( Home Secretary in Clement Attlee 's Labour Government ) , and were recently refurbished to accommodate the Sixth Form Centre on the first floor.Centenary Building :
The foundation stone of the Centenary Building was laid by John Prickett . The building contained the school Library until the Library was relocated in 2005 to the first floor of the Main Building ; the Music Department occupies the Centenary Building today.Wesley House :
Named to recall the ethos of Kent College , the boarding house for girls was opened by David and Olive Norfolk in 1978.Norfolk Building :
Named after David Norfolk , a former headmaster , who opened the building ( constructed on the site of the open-air swimming pool ) .Guilford House :
Named for the Earl of Guilford ; the Countess of Guilford opened the boys ' boarding house on Speech Day in 1964.Moat House ( no longer in Kent College 's possession ) :
Moat House was acquired as part of the Moat Estate ( the acquisition of which came about through the donations of Old Canterburians in the face of a refusal by the Board of Management in the 1940s to finance it ) . Before Kent College acquired the house it had been rented for convalescence by Virginia Woolf , who complained in one of her letters that `` we had our windows prised open . The decay of centuries had sealed them . No human force can now shut them . Thus we sit exposed to wind and wet by day and by night we are invaded by flocks of white moths . The rain falls , and the birds never give over singing , and hot sulphur fumes rise from the valleys , and the red cow in the field roars for her calf ... '' . The house was used as the headmaster 's residence until the late 1970s , when it was sold by the school to finance the construction of Wesley House .
School
Kent College is a Methodist school , although it accepts pupils of all religions . Originally established as a boys ' school , it took girls into the sixth form in 1973 , and since 1975 it has been fully co-educational . Kent College has thirteen independent `` sister schools '' in Great Britain , most of which are co-educational though three , including Kent College , Pembury , are girls ' schools . The shared ethos and similar characteristics of these thirteen schools may be attributed to their common connection with the Methodist Church .
The school 's motto is `` Lux tua via mea '' : which means `` Your light is my way '' .
The school badge shows the three black choughs taken from the arms of Thomas Beckett and 'invicta ' the white horse of the county of Kent .
Sport
The school has won five national hockey titles in four years . Kent College has been recognised by The Daily Telegraph for its `` outstanding '' sporting record , and ranked as an `` Independent School of the Year '' in this area ; facilities and coaching are available for a range of sports , including rugby , tennis , rowing , hockey , cricket , athletics , sailing , netball , squash , badminton and fencing .
Inspection
In 2009 the school was subject to an independent school inspection . The report observed with regard to the Senior School that `` the school provides an excellent quality of education '' ; `` the school is able to adapt the curriculum to suit the learning needs of individual pupils '' ; `` the school achieves its aims to enable pupils to maximise their potential and to attain high levels of achievement '' ; `` the quality of teaching ... is high '' ; `` pastoral care and the provision for the welfare , health and safety of pupils are outstanding '' ; `` links with parents and the community are excellent , as is the boarding education '' ; and `` the school has no major weaknesses '' .
In 2015 the school was subject to another independent school inspection , in which all areas of the school were judged to be 'excellent in every aspect ' .
Houses
The School introduced separate boarding and sporting Houses during the 1990s . Boarders are sorted into both a boarding House and a sporting House , whilst day pupils are only sorted into a sporting House .
There are four sporting Houses :
Marlowe House
Chaucer House
Becket House
Augustine House
There are five boarding houses at the senior school site :
Elfick House – Boys
Gamon House – Boys
Guilford House – Boys
Austen House – Girls
Wesley House – Girls
In 2011 boarding at Kent College was rated as outstanding by OfSted .
Two other boarding Houses became defunct during the 1990s :
Lower School
Milton House
Lower School was originally the designated boarding house for all boarders in the 1st and 2nd Years ( Years 7 and 8 ) . In 1996 , Lower School was closed , and the Prickett Building was redeveloped as classrooms ; the boarders were moved to Milton House ( boys ) and Austen House ( girls ) . At the start of the 1997–1998 academic year , Milton House was combined with School House , as both Houses were located in the main school building , albeit on separate floors .
List of headmasters
Mr Mark Turnbull joined the school as Head in January 2022 .
Below are listed the former headmasters of Kent College from 1885 to 2021 :
J. Deaville ( 1885–1888 )
L.W . Posnett ( 1888–1893 )
J. Smallpage ( 1893–1897 )
F.M . Facer ( 1897–1911 )
A. Brownscombe ( 1911–1934 )
H.J . Prickett ( 1934–1960 )
D.E . Norfolk ( 1960–1977 )
P.E . Sangster ( 1977–1979 )
R.J. Wicks ( 1980–1995 )
E.B . Halse ( 1995–2002 )
G.G . Carminati ( 2002–2007 )
D.J Lamper ( 2007–2021 )
M. Turnbull ( 2022–Present )
Two school buildings have been named after previous headmasters , John Prickett and David Norfolk .
Chaplaincy
As Kent College is a Methodist school , Chapel holds a key place in the day ( pupils , whatever faith they profess , are required to attend Chapel ) and services are given by the chaplain , the headmaster or a visiting minister . The current Chaplain of Kent College is Dr. Paul Glass
Junior School
The Kent College Infant and Junior School in the village of Harbledown , was formerly the home of the Victorian artist Thomas Sidney Cooper R.A. , and was purchased by the Senior School in 1945 . It currently has approximately 220 pupils , and the headmaster is Mr. Simon James .
Old Canterburians ( Notable students )
Former pupils of the school are known as Old Canterburians , and are entitled to use `` O.C . '' in any post-nominal letters . Kent College administers the Old Canterburian Club , which puts on events throughout the year to which O.C.s are invited , and encourages former pupils to maintain contact with the school . The `` Kent College Times '' publishes a section devoted to news from the Old Canterburian Club . Among the Kent College alumni :
Chris Albertson , American jazz historian
Guy Berryman , bass player for British music band Coldplay
Tim Clark , President Emirates Airline
Ptolemy Dean , architect , and resident `` ruin detective '' on the BBC television programme , `` Restoration ''
Tacita Dean , English visual artist
Simon Dingemans , banker and businessman .
Thomas Dunhill , English composer and writer
David Eades , BBC journalist and newsreader
Natascha Engel , Labour Member of Parliament , Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons , Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means
Thomas Godfrey Evans , cricketer , for Kent and England
Christopher Fairbank , actor , best known for his role in hit comedy-drama series Auf Wiedersehen , Pet Piers Francis , English rugby union fly-half for the Auckland Blues
Reginald Hine , solicitor and historian
John Inge , Bishop of Worcester
John Redwood , Conservative Member of Parliament for Wokingham
Simon Scarrow , historical fiction author
Anthony Scrivener , British barrister .
Pat Vaulkhard , cricketer for Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire
Mike Weatherley , Conservative Member of Parliament for Hove
Mimi Webb ( Amelia Webb ) , Singer songwriter signed to Epic Records
Raymond Yiu , Composer and conductor
Further readingThe Kent College Centenary Book , written by Christopher Wright , a former head of history at the school , traces the 100 years from the founding of Kent College , through the two world wars , the `` Great Fire '' that destroyed part of the Main Building in 1938 , evacuation to Truro , the extensive building programme and the problems of the 1960s , to the co-educational school it was in 1985 . 10,001 Facts about Kent College was the official supplement to Christopher Wright 's Centenary Book , and was published in the same year . It was compiled by A.P.L . Slater , and provides a concise view of names and dates recorded in the school 's history.The Kent College Times '' : This takes the place of the `` Bulletin '' , and communicates news from the preceding term , with an introduction by the headmaster . It is sent to all members of the Kent College community , including Old Canterburians .
The School Magazine : The first edition , under the name `` The Rampant '' , was published in 1895 .
Notes and references
External links
Kent College website
Old Canterburians ' website
Independent schools in Kent
Member schools of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference
Schools in Canterbury
Methodist schools in England
Boarding schools in Kent
International Baccalaureate schools in England
Educational institutions established in 1885
1885 establishments in England
Frances Elizabeth Willard is a public artwork designed by American artist Lorado Taft , located in the rotunda of the Indiana State House , in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States . It is a bronze plaque , given by the Women 's Christian Temperance Union , commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of Frances Elizabeth Willard 's election as President of the WCTU .
Description
This bronze plaque measures 32 inches wide , 49 3/4 inches tall , and 1/2 inch deep . It has an inscription at the top and an inscription at the bottom . A right side profile relief of Frances Elizabeth Willard is between the two inscriptions . She is depicted wearing a dress with leg-o-mutton sleeves and a high lace neck . Her hair is pulled back into a bun .
The inscription on the top of the plaque reads :
The inscription on the bottom of the plaque reads :
The artist 's signature is located on the front , proper left , bottom of the relief . It reads , `` Lorado Taft Sc . 1929 . '' The plaque is in excellent condition .
Historical information
Location history
This plaque is located in the Indiana Statehouse Rotunda on the main floor .
In 1968 , there were new rules proposed to Governor Roger D. Branigin by Hubert H. Hawkins , director of the Indiana Historical Bureau , Mrs. Floyd Hopper , head of the Indiana Division in the Indiana State Library , and Robert D. Starrett , curator of the Indiana State Museum regarding the display of paintings , busts , plaques and other memorials within the Indiana Statehouse . The guidelines were created to ensure a stable and continuous policy prevail when choosing the artwork to be displayed in the Statehouse .
If these guidelines were accepted , which they were not , the Frances Elizabeth Willard plaque would have been removed , along with the Sarah T. Bolton plaque .
Recommended guidelines included :
Those individuals or events being commemorated should have a significant relationship to Indiana and/or Indiana history .
Each display should have statewide importance .
Individuals should not be honored until 10 years after their death .
Statuary and plaques should be made of durable materials and busts should have identifying information attached to it .
All items should be artistically acceptable .
Those not meeting these requirements should be removed .
See also
Fountain of Time
Black Hawk Statue
Fountain of the Great Lakes
References
External links
Indiana Statehouse Tour Office
View more photos of this piece and other artwork found at the Indiana Statehouse
1929 sculptures
Indiana Statehouse Public Art Collection
Monuments and memorials in Indiana
Sculptures by Lorado Taft
Bronze sculptures in Indiana
Reliefs in the United States
Gnathophis nasutus ( known commonly as the bignose conger ) is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger/garden eels ) . It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya and John Richard Paxton in 2000 . It is a tropical , marine eel which is known from western Australia , in the eastern Indian Ocean . It dwells at a depth range of 80–140 metres .
References
nasutus
Taxa named by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya
Taxa named by John Richard Paxton
Fish described in 2000
Abdelkader El Brazi ( ;
5 November 1964 – 24 January 2014 ) was a Moroccan football goalkeeper .
He started his career as a goalkeeper with his hometown 's team Renaissance de Berkane , and played also for FAR Rabat and Ismaily SC .
He played for the Morocco national football team ( 36 matches ) and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
He died on 24 January 2014 after suffering from cancer for several years .
References
External links
1964 births
2014 deaths
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
1998 FIFA World Cup players
1992 African Cup of Nations players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Botola players
AS FAR ( football ) players
Ismaily SC players
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Association football goalkeepers
People from Berkane
Deaths from cancer in Morocco
RS Berkane players
Egyptian Premier League players
Barricade ( 1975 ) is Bengali drama written and directed by Utpal Dutt . The drama is set into a revolution time or war time when people 's army are fighting against the state army .
Plot
Between 1933–1937 Germany saw the rise of Adolf Hitler . This drama is set into that time when Hitler is rising to power . The whole drama is a conversation between different intellectuals and bourgeoisies of the society like an engineer , an author , an artist and a journalist . While the battle is going on in the town , these people just can not stay neutral and have to join any one side
See also
Adolf Hitler in popular culture
References
1975 plays
Bengali-language plays
Indian plays
Works about Adolf Hitler
Prophyllocnistis epidrimys is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Chile .
Adults are on wing in March in one generation .
The larvae feed on Drimys winteri , Drimys winteri andina and Drimys winteri chiliensis . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of an elongated , tortuous , upper surface , serpentine mine , with a dark brown median frass line . The larva webs together the terminal leaves of , thereby creating a nest inside of which it skeletonizes the foliage . Pupation occurs during late summer within a dark brown , loosely woven cocoon inside the leaf nest .
References
Phyllocnistinae
Endemic fauna of Chile
Judith Wambura Mbibo ( born June 15 , 1979 ) , known by her stage name Lady Jaydee also referred to as `` Lady JayDee in town '' or `` Lady Jay Dee '' , is a Tanzanian singer . She specializes in the R & B , Zouk and Afro Pop genres . Lady Jaydee was voted Best Tanzanian Female R & B Artist in 2002 , performed at the Kora All Africa Designers Competition , and was awarded `` Best R & B Album '' at the Tanzania Music Awards on August 6 , 2004 . In July 2005 , she won an award for `` best female video for South Africa '' . She was among the first females to sing R & B in Swahili . Lady Jaydee is signed to one of Africa 's most successful music labels , Taurus Musik . She is also known as the Queen of Bongo Flava ( Tanzanian Music ) .
Early life and education
Lady Jay Dee was born in Shinyanga Tanzania in a family of ten children . Her late father is Lameck Mbibo and her mother is Martha Mbibo . She completed her primary school education at Bugoyi Primary School in Shinyanga and her secondary education at Zanaki Secondary School . In 2017 , Lady Jaydee signed a recording deal with Taurus Musik which is also labeled for Alicios Theluji .
Brand associations
In 2009 she signed up with Zain Tanzania ( now known as Airtel Tanzania ) to be their ambassador .
In 2010 she was appointed by Comprehensive Community Based Rehabilitation In Tanzania ( CCBRT ) to be their Ambassador to help women who suffering from Fistular disease .
In 2012 she was an ambassador of NMB ( National Microfinance Bank ) Tanzania for the project which was known as `` PESA FASTA '' .
In March 2014 she signed up with international cosmetics brand Oriflame Sweden to be one of their brand ambassadors .
In 2014 she was appointed by Marie Stopes Tanzania to be the Ambassador of Family Planning Tanzania .
In June 2015 she signed up with Tanzania Geita Gold Mine to be the Ambassador of Geita Gold Mine Kill Challenge Fund Against HIV/AIDS .
Discography
She has released seven studio albums :
Machozi ( 2000 )
Binti ( 2003 )
Moto ( 2005 )
Shukrani ( 2007 )
Ya 5 . The Best of Lady Jaydee ( 2012 )
Nothing But The Truth ( 2013 )
Woman ( 2017 )
20 ( 2021 )
Coke Studio Africa
In 2013 Lady Jaydee featured in Coke Studio Africa season One where she performed her hit songs `` Joto Hasira '' and `` Yahaya '' . She also collaborated with Salif Keita , the African music legend from Mali , and worked closely with Coke Studio Africa Music Director , Franck Biyong .
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Tanzanian women rappers
People from Shinyanga Region
21st-century Tanzanian women singers
Swahili-language singers
Tanzanian musicians
Tanzanian Bongo Flava musicians
Neopotamia divisa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in India , Thailand and Vietnam .
References
Moths described in 1900
Olethreutini
Moths of Japan
Dischidanthus is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1936 . It contains only one known species , Dischidanthus urceolatus , native to Vietnam and southern China ( Guangdong , Guangxi , Hainan , Hunan , Sichuan ) .
References
Asclepiadoideae
Flora of China
Flora of Vietnam
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Bruno Arrabal Passamani ( born 22 February 1992 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Kosovan club KF Arbëria .
Club career
Born in Ouro Preto do Oeste , Rondônia , Arrabal graduated with Atlético Sorocaba 's youth setup , and made his senior debuts while on loan at Vilhena in 2012 . In January 2013 he moved to Águia de Marabá , but was released in April , after appearing rarely .
On 28 June 2013 Arrabal joined Duque de Caxias , appearing regularly in Série C and in Copa Rio , as his side were crowned champions of the latter . On 10 January of the following year , he signed a four-month deal with Remo .
On 24 March 2014 Arrabal was released by Remo , and returned to Duque on 15 April . He appeared regularly for the club , which eventually suffered relegation .
In February 2015 Arrabal signed for Portuguesa , being immediately loaned to Tupi . He made his debut for the latter club on the 22nd , starting in a 1–0 away win against Democrata-GV for the Campeonato Mineiro championship .
On 26 May Arrabal joined Mogi Mirim in Série B , but left the club in June and subsequently signed for Cypriot club Ethnikos Achna FC .
On 30 November 2019 it was confirmed , that Arrabal had joined Kuwaiti club Burgan SC .
Career statistics
( Correct )
References
External links
Sou Duque profile
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rondônia
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Cypriot First Division players
Kategoria Superiore players
Clube Atlético Sorocaba players
Águia de Marabá Futebol Clube players
Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube players
Clube do Remo players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Tupi Football Club players
Ethnikos Achna FC players
FC Kamza players
KF Llapi players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Kosovo
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Burgan SC players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kosovo
Football Superleague of Kosovo players
Murchyville is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
Navigator
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Mashi ( Kamaxi ) , or Kwandu , is a Bantu language of Zambia and Angola . It was assigned by Guthrie to Bantu group K.30 , which Pfouts ( 2003 ) established as part of the Kavango–Southwest branch of Bantu . Though not specifically addressed , Mashi may be in that family as well .
References
Kavango languages
Göynükören is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 815 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ten Mile Lake is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
A Madhouse in Goa is a play by Martin Sherman written in two parts – the first act is titled `` A Table for a King '' , the second , `` Keeps Rainin ' all the Time '' . A Madhouse in Goa 's first act takes place in the year 1966 on the Greek island of Corfu , with the second act set in the year 1986 on the volcanic Greek island of Santorini .
Synopsis
The first act of Sherman 's play , `` A Table for a King '' , is a narrative vignette of the experiences of David , a gay , Jewish traveler from America staying at the Kistos Inn on Corfu . There he meets and befriends Mrs. Honey , a talkative widow from Mississippi , who is eventually betrayed by David and blackmailed by the owner of the inn to give up her table for the visiting king of Greece .
The second act of A Madhouse in Goa , `` Keeps Rainin ' all the Time '' , is set 20 years after the first act , and reveals that David 's real name is Daniel Hosani . Daniel became a famous author after publishing a novel centered around the events within the first act of the play , but eventually fell from popularity and succumbed to the effects of heavy drug usage , drinking , and stroke , becoming aphasic . His legal guardian , Heather , was also present at the Kistos Inn 20 years prior with Daniel and knows that his book does not tell the whole truth of what had actually transpired , distorting and white-washing the narrative to make it more appealing to readers . Dying from cancer , Heather arranges to sell the rights of Daniel 's book to a Hollywood film producer seeking to adapt the novel into a film musical . Heather arranges for the money made from the movie deal to be donated to a selection of humanitarian organizations , only for the deal to never be realized .
Characters
`` A Table for a King ''
David : early 20s , American
Mrs. Honey : early 60s , American
Costos : 18 , Greek
Nikos : 30s , Greek
`` Keeps Rainin ' all the Time ''
Daniel Hosani : late 40s , American
Oliver : late 40s , British
Heather : late 40s , American
Dylan : Heather 's son , 19 , American
Aliki : mid-20s
Barnaby Grace : late 20s , American
Relevance to LGBTQ Theatre
As an openly gay Jewish man , Sherman often writes characters who are marginalized from society , dramatizing the `` other '' - societal outsiders identified as such due to their being gay , female , foreign , disabled , different in religion , class , or color . The cast of characters within Sherman 's A Madhouse in Goa showcases the intersectional element of his writing , featuring LGBTQ individuals , women , foreigners , and a disabled man , while the plot provides representation of the struggles faced by marginalized LGBTQ people in his depiction of David/Daniel , as this character is disowned by his family for being gay and experiences alienation from others due to his sexuality . The popularity of A Madhouse in Goa within the realm of theatre is supported by the noteworthy casts that have assumed roles within the play , but its relevance to the genre of LGBTQ theatre is supported by the play 's incorporation of characters that could be identified as members of LGBTQ community . Tied intrinsically to the genre of LGBTQ theatre due to its content and subject matter , A Madhouse in Goa not only highlights issues faced by LGBTQ individuals , it is also authored by Martin Sherman , a playwright whose history is steeped in gay theatre
Critical reception
In regards to this work 's critical reception , the responses to Sherman 's A Madhouse in Goa tend to vary , with some American critics describing the play as listless and sardonic , while others describe the play as tenacious and enthralling . Sherman wrote A Madhouse in Goa to reflect his own particular fears regarding the current state of the world at the time of the play 's creation in 1989 . With these concerns informing the narrative of A Madhouse in Goa , its plot addresses atrocities plaguing the global community , including the AIDS crisis , terrorism , political unrest , nuclear fallout , and environmental issues . Sherman 's play has been characterized as satirical , providing commentary upon the consequences of moral blindness and its effects upon the individual as well as the global population , and although most reviewers agree that the humorous aspects of A Madhouse in Goa translate well to audiences , the numerous cataclysmic events on the precipice of eruption within this play cause some critics to remark that the plot comes across as unfocused and overwhelming .
Productions
Premier Production
The first performance of A Madhouse in Goa took place on April 28 , 1989 , at the Lyric Theatre in Hammersmith , England , directed by Robert Allan Ackerman .
Cast
David/Barnaby Grace : Rupert Graves
Mrs. Honey/Heather : Vanessa Redgrave
Costos/Dylan : Ian Sears
Nikos/Oliver : Larry Lamb
Daniel Hosani : Arthur Dingam
Aliki : Francesca Fontan
United States Performance
The first performance of A Madhouse in Goa within the United States took place on November 17 , 1997 , at the McGinn-Cazale Theater in New York City . This play was produced by The Second Stage Theater , directed by Nicholas Martin .
Cast
David/Barnaby Grace : Rick Stear
Mrs. Honey/Heather : Judith Ivey
Costos/Dylan : Mark Klein Lewis
Nikos/Oliver : Daniel Gerrol
Daniel Hosani : Russ Thacker
Aliki : Denise Faye
References
Plays by Martin Sherman
LGBT-related plays
White matter refers to areas of the central nervous system ( CNS ) that are mainly made up of myelinated axons , also called tracts . Long thought to be passive tissue , white matter affects learning and brain functions , modulating the distribution of action potentials , acting as a relay and coordinating communication between different brain regions .
White matter is named for its relatively light appearance resulting from the lipid content of myelin . However , the tissue of the freshly cut brain appears pinkish-white to the naked eye because myelin is composed largely of lipid tissue veined with capillaries . Its white color in prepared specimens is due to its usual preservation in formaldehyde .
Structure
White matter
White matter is composed of bundles , which connect various grey matter areas ( the locations of nerve cell bodies ) of the brain to each other , and carry nerve impulses between neurons . Myelin acts as an insulator , which allows electrical signals to jump , rather than coursing through the axon , increasing the speed of transmission of all nerve signals .
The total number of long range fibers within a cerebral hemisphere is 2 % of the total number of cortico-cortical fibers ( across cortical areas ) and is roughly the same number as those that communicate between the two hemispheres in the brain 's largest white tissue structure , the corpus callosum . Schüz and Braitenberg note `` As a rough rule , the number of fibres of a certain range of lengths is inversely proportional to their length . ''
White matter in nonelderly adults is 1.7–3.6 % blood .
Grey matter
The other main component of the brain is grey matter ( actually pinkish tan due to blood capillaries ) , which is composed of neurons . The substantia nigra is a third colored component found in the brain that appears darker due to higher levels of melanin in dopaminergic neurons than its nearby areas . Note that white matter can sometimes appear darker than grey matter on a microscope slide because of the type of stain used . Cerebral- and spinal white matter do not contain dendrites , neural cell bodies , or shorter axons , which can only be found in grey matter .
Location
White matter forms the bulk of the deep parts of the brain and the superficial parts of the spinal cord . Aggregates of grey matter such as the basal ganglia ( caudate nucleus , putamen , globus pallidus , substantia nigra , subthalamic nucleus , nucleus accumbens ) and brainstem nuclei ( red nucleus , cranial nerve nuclei ) are spread within the cerebral white matter .
The cerebellum is structured in a similar manner as the cerebrum , with a superficial mantle of cerebellar cortex , deep cerebellar white matter ( called the `` arbor vitae '' ) and aggregates of grey matter surrounded by deep cerebellar white matter ( dentate nucleus , globose nucleus , emboliform nucleus , and fastigial nucleus ) . The fluid-filled cerebral ventricles ( lateral ventricles , third ventricle , cerebral aqueduct , fourth ventricle ) are also located deep within the cerebral white matter .
Myelinated axon length
Men have more white matter than women both in volume and in length of myelinated axons . At the age of 20 , the total length of myelinated fibers in men is 176,000 km while that of a woman is 149,000 km . There is a decline in total length with age of about 10 % each decade such that a man at 80 years of age has 97,200 km and a female 82,000 km . Most of this reduction is due to the loss of thinner fibers . However , this study only included 36 participants .
Function
White matter is the tissue through which messages pass between different areas of grey matter within the central nervous system . The white matter is white because of the fatty substance ( myelin ) that surrounds the nerve fibers ( axons ) . This myelin is found in almost all long nerve fibers , and acts as an electrical insulation . This is important because it allows the messages to pass quickly from place to place .
Unlike grey matter , which peaks in development in a person 's twenties , the white matter continues to develop , and peaks in middle age .
Research
Multiple sclerosis ( MS ) is the most common of the inflammatory demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system which affect white matter . In MS lesions , the myelin sheath around the axons is deteriorated by inflammation . Alcohol use disorders are associated with a decrease in white matter volume .
Amyloid plaques in white matter may be associated with Alzheimer 's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases . Other changes that commonly occur with age include the development of leukoaraiosis , which is a rarefaction of the white matter that can be correlated with a variety of conditions , including loss of myelin pallor , axonal loss , and diminished restrictive function of the blood–brain barrier .
White matter lesions on magnetic resonance imaging are linked to several adverse outcomes , such as cognitive impairment and depression . White matter hyperintensity are more than often present with vascular dementia , particularly among small vessel/subcortical subtypes of vascular dementia .
Volume
Smaller volumes ( in terms of group averages ) of white matter might be associated with larger deficits in attention , declarative memory , executive functions , intelligence , and academic achievement . However , volume change is continuous throughout one 's lifetime due to neuroplasticity , and is a contributing factor rather than determinant factor of certain functional deficits due to compensating effects in other brain regions . The integrity of white matter declines due to aging . Nonetheless , regular aerobic exercise appears to either postpone the aging effect or in turn enhance the white matter integrity in the long run . Changes in white matter volume due to inflammation or injury may be a factor in the severity of obstructive sleep apnea .
Imaging
The study of white matter has been advanced with the neuroimaging technique called diffusion tensor imaging where magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) brain scanners are used . As of 2007 , more than 700 publications have been published on the subject .
A 2009 paper by Jan Scholz and colleagues used diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) to demonstrate changes in white matter volume as a result of learning a new motor task ( e.g . juggling ) . The study is important as the first paper to correlate motor learning with white matter changes . Previously , many researchers had considered this type of learning to be exclusively mediated by dendrites , which are not present in white matter . The authors suggest that electrical activity in axons may regulate myelination in axons . Or , gross changes in the diameter or packing density of the axon might cause the change . A more recent DTI study by Sampaio-Baptista and colleagues reported changes in white matter with motor learning along with increases in myelination .
See also
White matter dissection
Ventriculomegaly
Vascular dementia
Vanishing white matter disease
Brain atrophy
References
Further reading
External links
Central nervous system
Neuroanatomy
Douglas Moncrieff Stanes ( February 28 , 1917 in England – April 29 , 2001 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada . He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1958 to 1969 .
Stanes was a Lieutenant-Colonel of the Middlesex Regiment , and served in southeast Asia , the Middle East and Europe . In 1945–46 , he served as Senior Official on Industrial Rehabilitation with the British Economic Mission in Greece . From 1955 to 1957 , he served as a councillor for the City of St. James , which later became a part of Winnipeg .
He was first elected to the provincial legislature in the 1958 election , defeating Liberal incumbent Reginald Wrightman by 476 votes in the riding of St. James . He was re-elected by a comfortable margin in the 1959 election ( defeating future NDP cabinet minister Alvin Mackling ) , and by fairly comfortable margins in the elections of 1962 and 1966 . On the latter occasion , he defeated Liberal candidate Lloyd Axworthy , later a prominent federal cabinet minister , by 790 votes . Despite his background , Stanes was never appointed to cabinet .
He was defeated in the 1969 provincial election , losing to Alvin Mackling of the NDP by 966 votes . He did not seek a return to the provincial legislature after this time , but was elected to the united Winnipeg city council in the municipal elections of 1971 , 1974 and 1977 .
References
1917 births
2001 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
Winnipeg city councillors
British emigrants to Canada
Yaguarón is a district in Paraguarí Department , Paraguay . The district seat is the town of Yaguarón . The name of the district and the town means `` big dog '' in Guaraní language .
Roscoe Promontory ( ) is a massive ice-capped promontory between Aagaard Glacier and Mitterling Glacier on the north side of Mill Inlet , Foyn Coast , Graham Land . The feature was photographed by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition ( RARE ) and surveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) in 1947 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) in 1987 after John H. Roscoe , photogrammetrist on U.S. Navy Operation Highjump , 1946–47 , and Operation Windmill , 1947–48 ; author of Antarctic Bibliography , U.S . Naval Photographic Interpretation Center , Department of the Navy , 1951 , and Antarctica , Regional Photo Interpretation Series , Department of the Air Force , 1953 . The promontory is in proximity to several features named after Antarctic bibliographers .
References
Promontories of Antarctica
Landforms of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
David Parry may refer to :
Sports
David Parry ( American football ) ( born 1992 ) , American football nose tackle
David Parry ( English cricketer ) ( born 1956 ) , English cricketer
David Parry ( footballer ) ( born 1948 ) , footballer for Tranmere Rovers
David Parry ( Nevisian cricketer ) , Nevisian cricketer
Musicians
David Parry ( folk musician ) ( 1942–1995 ) , Canadian folk musician
David Parry ( conductor ) ( born 1949 ) , English conductor
Others
David Parry ( biophysicist ) , New Zealand biophysicist
David Parry ( dialectologist ) , British dialectologist
David Parry ( scholar ) ( c. 1682–1714 ) , Welsh scholar and keeper of the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford
David Hughes Parry ( 1893–1973 ) , university administrator and professor of law
David M. Parry ( 1852–1915 ) , American industrialist and writer
David Parry-Evans ( born 1935 ) , British RAF Air Marshal
David W. Parry ( born 1958 ) , British pastor , poet , essayist and dramaturge
Dave Parry ( born 1964 ) , sound and lighting designer
See also
David Parry-Jones ( 1933–2017 ) , Welsh sports broadcaster and author
David Perry ( disambiguation )
Parry ( surname )
The 2015-16 United Kingdom renegotiation of European Union membership was an unimplemented non-binding package of changes to the United Kingdom 's terms of its European Union ( EU ) membership as a member state and changes to EU rules which was first proposed by Prime Minister David Cameron in January 2013 , with negotiations beginning in the summer of 2015 following the outcome of the UK General Election . The package was agreed by the President of the European Council Donald Tusk , and approved by EU leaders of all 27 other countries at the European Council session in Brussels on 18–19 February 2016 between the United Kingdom and the rest of the European Union . The changes were intended to take effect following a vote for `` Remain '' in the UK 's in-out referendum in June 2016 , at which point suitable legislative proposals would be presented by the European Commission . Due to the outcome of the referendum in which the electorate voted by 51.9 % to 48.1 % to leave the bloc , the changes were never implemented and subsequently the United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union in January 2020 .
The renegotiated terms were in addition to the United Kingdom 's existing opt-outs in the European Union and the UK rebate . The changes were legally binding insomuch as the intentions and statements made by the EU leaders were enshrined in an international treaty . The implementation of some of the changes would have required legislation by the European Parliament or treaty change within the EU and so the details may have altered , although it would be hard for the European Commission or the European Parliament to directly defy national governments .
After the deal had been approved , Cameron described it as giving the United Kingdom `` special status within the European Union '' and immediately declared that both he and the UK Government would campaign for a `` Remain '' vote in the referendum within a `` reformed European Union '' . The following day , after a special meeting of the cabinet , Cameron announced that the in-out referendum would be held on 23 June 2016 under the provisions of the European Union Referendum Act 2015 which had already been agreed by the British Parliament .
On 23 June 2016 the United Kingdom , on a national turnout of 72 per cent , voted by 51.9 per cent to 48.1 per cent to leave the European Union and indirectly reject the terms of the new agreement . The result received a variety of different reactions internationally and began the process of leaving by invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union on 29 March 2017 , and after three extensions to the Article 50 process on 31 January 2020 at 23:00 GMT in accordance with the result of the referendum the United Kingdom became the first EU member state to formally leave the bloc , ending 47 years of membership .
Emergency brake
The so-called `` emergency brake mechanism '' would have allowed member countries to limit access to in-work benefits for new EU immigrants . This would have needed the agreement of the European Parliament and the UK would need the agreement a majority of other governments through approval in the Foreign Affairs Council ( of Member States ) .
Under current rules , other EU citizens can ultimately claim most of the same benefits as a UK national . Some of the benefits are subject to a test on `` Right to Reside '' for which EU citizens will almost certainly qualify . Most benefits also require Habitual Residence which means that for the most EU Citizens they will have to wait three months before claiming Jobseeker 's Allowance , Child benefit or Child tax credit .
Under the emergency brake ( which needs first to be established in EU law ) , the European Council ( of national Heads of Government ) could have authorised a country that is experiencing migrant flows of `` exceptional magnitude '' to restrict benefits for new migrants for four years ( with migrants starting with no entitlement then gradually gaining rights to benefit ) . These restrictions could be kept in place for up to seven years but could be used only once . In this case `` established in EU law '' means the EU Commission proposing draft legislation for approval by the European Parliament . Subsequently , member states [ but specifically the UK ] could have requested and applied it to migrants reasonably quickly , with the Commission already expressing that they believed the UK would be justified in doing so .
The `` Red Card ''
The `` red card '' would have allowed a member of the Council of the European Union with the support of 15 other members to return a recommendation to the European Parliament for further changes . This is not a veto as EU politicians could still go ahead if they judge that they have addressed the concerns raised by the `` red card '' , which is named after the penalty card used in football .
Cameron backed the `` red card '' as a means to support the EU 's principle of subsidiarity , which he believed was not fully realised . In this way the `` red card '' is intended for groups of countries to block or reform EU rules where they think it is their job , rather than that of the EU , to make laws on a particular subject . The `` red card '' would have joined the existing `` yellow card '' ( which has been triggered twice ) and the `` orange card '' ( which has never been used ) . The use of the `` red card '' would have required the backing of 55 % of governments at the Council , which is slightly less than is required to approve directives – which is 55 % of all countries and votes representing 65 % of the EU 's population .
Deporting EU migrants
Free movement of people is an important tenet of the European Union and enshrined in primary law in treaties . The EU deal would have subtly changed the free movement rules to make it easier for countries to deport migrants from other EU countries . This would have been achieved by `` beefing up '' the exceptions to the general rule that EU citizens can live and work where they choose in the EU .
National governments have a carefully restricted ability to restrict the free movement of people about the EU . Once a citizen lives in another EU country the threshold of reason for the local government to remove them becomes progressively higher . The changes planned in the EU-deal were subtle changes of wording to permit governments to take in to account where migrants ' behaviour is `` likely '' to represent a threat , rather than that it `` does '' , and would have allowed governments to take in to more account a person 's past behaviour rather than just their present behaviour .
The consensus from the EU leadership is that the planned changes would have given nations more power to deport criminals and prevent their return but not necessarily restrict movement for other reasons .
Child benefit
The deal would have made no changes to the principle that child benefit should be paid to citizens no matter where their children reside . However following the deal governments would have been able to adjust the payment they make to reflect the standard of living in the country the child lives and the amount of child benefit that would normally be paid in that country .
Although many people have questioned the idea of paying child benefit for children living in other countries , it is a logical consequence of the EU 's principal of non-discrimination – as migrants are more likely to have children in another country and would therefore be discriminated against by restricting those benefits . If the changes to law had been passed to reflect this agreed change it would have been up to the Court of Justice to clarify if it is legal or there are any unintended consequences if it was subsequently challenged .
`` Ever closer union ''
In the EU deal there was a statement specifically exempting the UK from `` ever closer union '' . The precise phrasing of the aspiration , which was in the preamble of the EU 's founding treaty and every treaty since is `` ever closer union of the peoples [ of Europe ] '' . The phrase has symbolic political status but it has little or no legal effect in any of the treaties and thus UK 's exemption from it is equally symbolic . The deal explicitly said that the presence of the `` ever closer union '' phrase in the treaties does not of itself grant the EU any specific competences or powers .
The UK and the Eurozone
The EU deal attempted to reassure non-Eurozone countries including the UK , that decisions would not be made favouring Eurozone members over them . There would have been a system for non-Eurozone members to object to rules being passed that might harm them but it will not give them a legal opt-out . However EU law already bans discrimination so this would have been merely an additional protection .
Along with Denmark , the UK had an opt-out to the 1992 Maastricht Treaty which means they were not technically obliged to join the Euro .
Prior to this EU deal there was concern that Eurozone members may discuss matters of the EU and single market separate to the wider membership and therefore come up with a deal they could theoretically impose on non-Eurozone countries . In the Council , Eurozone members would have sufficient majority to pass directives if they wished , although those proposals would need to be proposed and drafter by the Commission first and also approved by the European Parliament .
In addition to specifically banning such discrimination it also contained a statement of intent that any measures for `` economic and monetary union '' will be voluntary for non-Eurozone countries , and that those countries will not stand in the way of such measures for those in the Eurozone . For example , non-Eurozone countries will not be required to contribute to bailouts for Eurozone countries .
Limiting residence rights for family members
The European Parliament intends to bring forward legislation to change EU law to limit the ability of a non-EU national to gain the right to live and work anywhere in the EU ( including the UK ) by becoming the spouse of an EU citizen . There has been some back-and-forth on the matter in the European Court of Justice with existing laws being inconclusive . This change to the law , if approved , should clarify the matter . The changes to the law could still be challenged in both the EU Court of Justice and the Court of Human Rights ( which is not an EU institution ) .
This change in law is not intended to deal with deliberate abuses of the immigration policy ( sham marriages ) for which existing tools exist .
Legal status and enforcement
The EU deal would have been international law , as it was made by European heads of government acting outside the structure of the EU . The UK intended to register it as such . This would have meant that statements and intentions made within it can not be challenged by the Court of Justice . However , certain aspects of it would need treaty change within the EU and certain elements would need legislation to become part of EU law . The Commission had already indicated its intention to bring the legislative requirements to the EU Council and Parliament for passage . Cameron stated that he had lodged the documents with the United Nations .
Outcome
On 27 June 2016 , David Cameron said in his statement to the House of Commons on the result of the referendum to `` Leave the European Union '' : `` The deal we negotiated at the European Council in February will now be discarded and a new negotiation to leave the EU will begin under a new Prime Minister . ''
See also
European Union law
References
External links
EU : A New Settlement for the United Kingdom within the European Union
UK : The best of both worlds : the United Kingdom 's special status in a reformed European Union
2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum
Politics of the United Kingdom
Bob and Brian is a talk radio show broadcast from WHQG in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . Topics of discussion include politics , celebrity gossip , and sports , along with the random daily events .
The show broadcasts weekdays from 5:30 a.m. to 10:15 a.m. and repeats as a week-in-review show on Saturday mornings . It is syndicated in Wisconsin .
Longtime friends who grew up in Union Grove , Wisconsin , Bob Madden and Brian Nelson went to high school and technical college together before teaming up to work in radio in January 1981 . They had brief stints for stations in Florida , Missouri , Michigan , and Toledo , Ohio , before moving to Milwaukee 's `` Lazer 103 '' , WLZR on July 20 , 1987 ( WLZR has since become WHQG ) .
Affiliates
WHQG 102.9 FM `` The Hog '' Milwaukee - Flagship
Former affiliates
WWHG 105.9 FM `` The Hog '' Janesville
WWWX 96.9 FM `` The Fox '' Oshkosh/Fox Valley
WTLX 100.5 FM `` ESPN Radio '' Madison
WMZK 104.1 FM `` Z104 '' Wausau/Medford
WAPL 105.7 FM `` The Rockin ' Apple '' Appleton
WNFL 1440 AM Green Bay
Cast
Current
Bob Madden , 'The Voice Of Beef ' — Host ( 1987-Current )
Brian Nelson , 'The Gangster Of Love ' — Host ( 1987-Current )
Eric 'Rock ' Jensen — Producer ( 1996-Current )
Carrie Wendt , 'First Lady Of WI — News ( 1999-Current )
'Sportsbabe ' , Stephanie Sutton — News Fill-in ( 2010-Current )
Tim Murray — Sports ( 2018-Current )
Former
Liz Borden — Traffic ( 1992–1997 ) ; News ( 1997–1999 )
Duane Gay ( 1956-2005 RIP ) — Guest Commentator ; News Fill-in ( 199X-2005 )
Marilynn Mee — News ( 1989-1997 ) ; `` Jackpot Girl '' ( 1989-2005 )
Dorene `` Firegirl '' Michaels — News & Traffic ( ? ? ? ? -2004 )
Jeff Miller aka `` The Hawk '' & `` Jeffrey Goodjudgement '' — Producer ; ( 1989–1996 )
Dan Patrick — Sports ( 1989–1995 )
Mark Patrick — Sports ( 1995–1997 )
Air Marshall Pedersen — Air Safety ( 1995–1998 ) ; Softball ( 1998 )
Steve `` Consumer of Caffeine '' Radke — Backup Producer ( ? ? ? ? -2011 )
Drew Olson— Brewers/Baseball Wednesday 's ( 1997-2016 )
'Sports Donkey ' , Steve Czaban — Sports ( 1997-2018 )
Segments
Daily
`` Who 's The Stiff ? '' ( 7:00 ) — A game show pitting two phone-in contestants against each other , with up to five randomly drawn questions . The loser of each round , and the game , is `` The Stiff '' . Daily prizes are awarded and winners are entered into a drawing for a getaway vacation .
`` Sports ( 8:10 ) — with Tim Murray '' ( 'It 's Raining Men ' by The Weather Girls )
`` This Day in History '' ( 9:20 ) — Brian recaps the significant events , births , and deaths of that particular day in history .
`` One Question Line '' ( 9:45 ) — Viewers are allowed to ask a single question . Callers are reminded not to say `` Can you tell me ? '' `` DO you know ? `` I was wondering '' or `` My question is ''
Weekly
Gary Graff/ Rabbi of Rock ( Music Report on Fridays )
Occasional guests
The Boogie Men — local Milwaukee band
Fireman Jim ( Theme From Medical Center ) — fire safety expert and Star Wars enthusiast
A. J. Christopher — much-traveled veteran disc jockey
Vern Cunningham aka `` Vern the Carny '' — hard of hearing carnie who talks about life at the fair
Santana Dotson ( `` Atomic Dog '' by George Clinton ) — interviewed each Tuesday during the National Football League season to give his insights
Jimmy `` Masterlock '' Dugan ( 'Viva Las Vegas ' by Elvis Presley ) — gambling `` expert '' . Calls in on Fridays during football season to give his picks
Seth Grunlode ( `` Shambala '' by Three Dog Night ) — Lost ( TV series ) expert
Matt Kenseth ( `` Dirt Track Date '' by Southern Culture on the Skids ) — interviewed each Thursday during NASCAR racing season
Kirk Rocker — shock jock who talks about `` the Man ''
`` Skip '' — baseball sportswriter with Tourette syndrome
Joe Panos aka `` Mr. Halloween '' ( `` Dance For Halloween '' by Chris McKhool ) — former offensive lineman for the Philadelphia Eagles and Buffalo Bills in the NFL ; unofficial goodwill ambassador for the Halloween season
Mike Toomey ( `` Batman Theme '' from TV series ) — comedian and master impersonator
Keith Tozer ( `` Ole Ole Ole '' ) — retired soccer player who coaches the Milwaukee Wave of Major Indoor Soccer League
Mark Metcalf ( `` Shama Lama Ding Dong '' by Lloyd Williams ) — actor who discusses movie news and reviews ( was a weekly segment through May 2013 )
Occasional segments
Fan Letters — Listeners are given the opportunity to send in stories on various themes throughout the year . The debut series involved boat launch disasters . Letters are eligible for a grand prize .
A list of themes is below :
All my Packers
Bad Breakups
Bad Camping
Bad Job Interview Stories
Bad Roommates
Boat Launch Stories
Bureaucracy
Father Knows Least
First Car
Football Tales
Great Outdoors
Gym Class Stories
Holiday Horror Stories
Home Destruction
Hunting
Lawn Care Disasters
Meals Gone Wrong
Shortest Job
Smashed In The Face
Tee 'd Off Golfing
Vacation Disasters
We 're Thinking of a Brewer
Wedding Disasters
Worst Jobs
Wreck The Halls
Where you 're goin ' , What you takin ' — B & B along with Carrie take calls from listeners , usually around major holidays , and simply ask `` Where you 're goin ' , what you 're takin ' '' .
Charitable contributions
28 Hour Radiothon — During the second week in April , B & B host the 28-hour Radiothon for the Midwest Athletes Against Childhood Cancer ( MACC Fund ) . The Radiothon includes guest interviews with those in the sports and entertainment industry .
Gutter Bowl — On the last Friday of February , Bob and Brian host a bowling tournament to raise money for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society of Wisconsin . During the event , items are given out and contests are held . In previous years , the event has been sponsored by and features Steve Czaban .
HOG For Hunger — November around Thanksgiving , the Bob & Brian crew , along with the other rock jocks at the station , have a three-day remote broadcast where they seek food donations for the Hunger Task Force of Milwaukee .
OPEN Golf Outing — Wisconsin 's largest charity golf tournament , held annually on the last Friday in July . Money is raised by purchasing golfing spots . A special auction is held to determine who Bob , Brian , and Steve golf with . Steve Czaban shows a custom-made video presentation at dinner , and performs a special stunt .
Plane Pull — Hosted every October , the Midwest Airlines-sponsored event features 30 teams of 12 attempting to pull a Midwest Airlines aircraft 15 feet across a tarmac in less than 10 seconds . Teams compete for the top prize of roundtrip travel to any Midwest Airlines destination . Money raised goes to the Midwest Athletes Against Childhood Cancer ( MACC ) Fund .
Compilation albums
Bob and Brian annually release albums containing highlights of the broadcasting year . The cover artwork is illustrated by local Milwaukeean Matt Zumbo . Proceeds from the album sales go to the Hunger Task Force of Milwaukee and the MACC Fund .
Bob & Brian albums
2021 Mustache Fights
2020 Magnificent Bastards
2019 Sockets Of Mandoor
2018 Feces Flingin ' Mad
2017 Vortex of Tragedy
2016 Dumpster Fulla Bums
2015 Yankee Doodle S.O.B .
2014 Shut Yer Gob
2013 Toilet Cat
2012 Average Looking Donkeys
2011 Scrapbook Of Hate
2010 Lick'n The Beaters
2009 MyFaceTube
2008 Pounded Clowns
2007 Premium Hair Ring
2006 The Adventures of Captain Wizzo
2005 Mexican Bologna Roll
2004 Stench Ranch
2003 Albanian Love Stories
2002 Horrifying Zubaz
2001 By The Numbers
2000 Very Close Enemies
1999 What A Blast
1998 Strange Load
1997 Warning : Do Not Eat The Contents Of This Package
1996 Individually Twisted
1995 Tahellwitchoo
1994 Ripped
1993 All My Packers II
1992 All My Packers
References
External links
Bob & Brian website
American variety radio programs
Mass media in Wisconsin
Katherine or Catherine Casey may refer to :
Kathryn Casey , American writer
Catherine Casey , the pseudonym of Fanny Jackson Coppin
Lagrange Island is a small rocky island northeast of Newton Island and north of Cape Mousse , Adélie Coast , Antarctica . It was charted in 1951 by the French Antarctic Expedition and named after Joseph-Louis Lagrange , the French mathematician .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Adélie Land
Daaham is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by M. P. Anand , P. Rangaraj and V. Abdulla . The film stars Sathyan , Sheela , Kaviyoor Ponnamma and K. P. Ummer in the lead roles . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Sathyan
Sheela
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
K. P. Ummer
B. K. Pottekkad
Prathapachandran
A. M. Babu
Bahadoor
Indira
Master Shaji
Miss Barie
K. S. Parvathy
Sree Narayana Pillai
Vijayan
Soundtrack
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Mount Ararat Baptist Church is a historic church at 1920 Slayden Avenue , Ensley in Birmingham , Alabama . It is located in the Ensley suburb , west of downtown Birmingham , and overlooks Highway 239 . It was originally built in 1929 but was modified in 1950 to add a red brick veneer .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 . It has also been known as Mount Ararat Missionary Baptist Church .
It was designed by African-American architect Wallace Rayfield and is described as having `` a restrained Gothic Revival design '' . It is a cross-gabled church originally built in 1929 but veneered in smooth varitone red brick in 1950 . It has a concrete foundation and a multi-gable asphalt shingle roof .
The church is significant for its association during 1956 to 1963 with the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights and with the Civil Rights Movement in Birmingham .
References
External links
See also :
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham , Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1929
Churches in Birmingham , Alabama
Yıldırımören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Lindley Bothwell ( August 1 , 1901 – June 19 , 1986 ) was a prosperous Southern California orange grower , a consulting citrus agriculturalist from his Lindley Bothwell Ranch in the San Fernando Valley , and an antique automobile collector and racer .
He is well known for being a founding member of the Trojan Knights , as well as a Yell Leader at the University of Southern California ( USC ) and for his invention of moving card stunts in stadium bleachers . He was the founder and volunteer coach of the USC Yell Leaders and Song Girls for 60 years .
Student years
At University of Southern California
Born in Los Angeles , Lindley Bothwell entered the University of Southern California ( USC ) in the year 1919 . His choice of school made sense : his grandfather , Dr. Walter Lindley , was the first dean of the USC School of Medicine , and his aunts founded USC 's chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta There he completed both his undergraduate and master 's degrees while founding many organizations and groups that are still present at the university today . In addition to his studies and involvement with organizations on campus , Bothwell was a varsity member of the baseball team , and was good enough to be offered a $ 10,000 signing bonus to play for the Pittsburgh Pirates , an offer he turned down so that he could continue his education .
The Yell Leaders
In his freshman year at USC ( 1919 ) , Bothwell and some of his friends decided that the fans at USC Trojans football games were not loud enough or energetic enough , and that having an energetic crowd could be a large factor in the success of the team . In pursuit of this goal , Bothwell formed the USC Yell Leading Squad ( better known as the Yell Leaders ) , with Bothwell dubbed the `` Yell King '' . The Yell Leaders were a group of male students who led the university 's student section in cheers at football games . All of the cheers were original , and had an immediate effect on the fans and the team .
One of the more impressive and creative cheers created by Bothwell and organized by the Yell Leaders was the `` Floating 'T ' '' . Whenever it was called out , students would release balloons that had been assigned to their seats at the same time , giving the effect of a giant golden 'T ' rising from the stands , shortly followed by a mass of cardinal balloons with an 'T ' shape in the middle . The `` Floating 'T ' '' drew such a large response from the crowd that Lindley organized an even bigger stunt with a group of spirited students .
On October 21 , 1922 , during the Trojans ' game against the University of Nevada , the Yell Leaders commenced in performing the first ever moving card stunt consisting of 500 men sitting on the 50-yard line . The cards spelled out `` Trojans '' in sequence and was immediately successful ; over the next few years , many other universities began performing similar card stunts .
Trojan Knights
In addition to the USC Yell Leaders , Bothwell – along with fellow students Harry Pryor and Harry Kennedy – decided to found an organization that would be dedicated to upholding the traditions of the university . In 1921 , the three students formed the Trojan Knights , a spirit and service fraternity specific to the University of Southern California . A non-Greek fraternity , the Trojan Knights are still referred to as both the university 's official hosts and its `` guardians of tradition '' . The Knights have been responsible and/or influential in many of the university 's traditions , including the Victory Bell , the adoption of George Tirebiter , USC 's first ( unofficial ) mascot , and the origin story of the current mascot , Traveler .
At Oregon Agricultural College
In 1924 , after Bothwell had graduated from USC with two degrees , he decided to attend Oregon Agricultural College ( now Oregon State University ) to study agriculture . There he continued his fondness for leading in spirit by becoming OAC 's yell king as well . He continued with his trademark moving card stunts , improving from the simple spelling of words to animated pictures , the most famous being the OAC Beaver squashing rival Oregon University 's yellow ' O ' .
The spirit with which he led the student section of OAC reached many people , including Notre Dame 's head football coach Knute Rockne . Rockne was so impressed with Bothwell that he asked him to be an honorary cheerleader for the Fighting Irish in their upcoming 1925 Rose Bowl game with Stanford , a request that Bothwell was more than happy to agree to .
Adulthood
Agriculturalist
After graduating from OAC in 1926 with a degree in agriculture , Bothwell purchased a Valencia orange orchard in Woodland Hills , a community in the western San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles . He was very successful , expanding his citrus empire to 34 ranches in Southern California that he owned or managed . The USDA considered him one of the country 's ten largest citrus farmers by 1943 . The Lindley Bothwell Ranch , reduced in size , is the last commercial citrus orchard in the San Fernando Valley .
Bothwell had his own soil chemistry laboratory , and was a consultant to growers throughout the Southwest U.S . He also became one of the leading cattle breeders in California . He was a member of American Society of Agronomy , and the Society of Soil Scientists .
Personal life
In 1927 , Bothwell married Marion Seale , a fellow Oregon State student . The couple had two children : son Lindley Jr. and daughter Bonnie .
Lindley Bothwell , apart from being a very successful citrus farmer , had many other hobbies and commitments . In 1926 he helped found the USC chapter of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity . He was also the coach of the USC Yell Leaders ( and later the USC Song Girls , founded in 1967 ) for 60 years .
Automobile collector
Bothwell was avid antique car collector . By 1954 , he was the owner of the largest private antique automobiles collection in the country . His collection included the 1911 Rolls-Royce which had belonged to Nicholas II , the last tsar of Russia . Bothwell served as the Los Angeles regional executive of the Sports Car Club of America .
Bothwell drove and raced some of them , and so created vintage racing in the United States in the 1940s and 1950s . He used a 1913 Peugeot to break one of the speed records at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1949 . Even though this was a new track record for the car 's class , Bothwell failed to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 due to the Peugeot 's age .
He also collected horse-drawn streetcars , with the only private collection in the world at the time . He built a rail line and a tram barn on his ranch , to keep them in working order and to entertain guests .
Lindley Bothwell had an affinity for the water . He was a pioneer surfer in California , and a rower who maintained a small fleet of crew shells for training in San Pedro Bay and off of Catalina Island .
After battling a long illness , Lindley Bothwell died at the age of 84 on June 19 , 1986 in Sherman Oaks .
His second wife , Ann , continued management of the 1,987 trees remaining in their Woodland Hills orchard . She also kept his antique automobile collection intact , and running/run regularly on the ranch property . The collection was sold in November 2017 .
References
External links
Los Angeles Times : `` Vestige of Idyllic Life Still Bears Fruit '' ( 1998 ) - Bothwell Citrus Farm history
1901 births
1986 deaths
American agriculturalists
Citrus farmers
Farmers from California
20th-century American businesspeople
American cheerleaders
American car collectors
University of Southern California alumni
Oregon State University alumni
People from Woodland Hills , Los Angeles
Lunar Crag ( ) is one of the rock-exposed summits within the Planet Heights mountain range , rising to about at the head of Pluto Glacier on the east side of Alexander Island , Antarctica . It was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition , 1947–48 , and mapped from these photographs by D. Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960 . The crag was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1977 in association with nearby landforms named after planets and satellites of the Solar System ; other examples include Phobos Ridge and Jupiter Glacier .
References
Cliffs of Alexander Island
Lesley Glaister ( born 4 October 1956 , ) is a British novelist , poet and playwright . She has written 15 novels , Blasted Things ( 2020 ) being the most recent , one play and numerous short stories and radio plays . She is a lecturer in creative writing at the University of St Andrews , and is a regular contributor of book reviews to The Spectator and The Times . She is married to poet Andrew Greig .
Her subject matter is often serious ( murder , madness and obsession crop up regularly in her books ) but with a thread of dark humour running through it . Her first novel Honour Thy Father ( 1990 ) won the Somerset Maugham Award and a Betty Trask Award , Now You See Me was shortlisted for the Orange Prize for fiction in 2002 , and Easy Peasy was shortlisted for the Guardian Fiction Prize in 1998 . Little Egypt , published in 2014 , won a Jerwood Fiction Uncovered Prize . Her first play , Bird Calls , was performed at the Crucible Theatre , Sheffield , in 2003 .
Glaister is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature . She is currently writer in residence at the University of Edinburgh .
Bibliography
Honour Thy Father ( 1990 )
Trick or Treat ( 1990 )
Digging to Australia ( 1992 )
Limestone and Clay ( 1993 )
Partial Eclipse ( 1994 )
The Private Parts of Women ( 1996 )
Easy Peasy ( 1998 )
Sheer Blue Bliss ( 1999 )
Now You See Me ( 2001 )
As Far as You Can Go ( 2004 )
Nina Todd Has Gone ( 2007 )
Chosen ( 2010 )
Little Egypt ( 2014 )
The Squeeze ( 2017 )
Blasted Things ( 2020 )
References
External links
Lesley Glaister 's website
Lesley Glaister
English women novelists
English women dramatists and playwrights
1956 births
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Academics of Sheffield Hallam University
People from Wellingborough
Wulf Freiherr von Schimmelmann ( born February 19 , 1947 in Steinhöring ) is a German manager . He was chairman of the Postbank 's executive board from February 1999 to June 2007 , and was chairman of the supervisory board of Deutsche Post AG between January 1 , 2009 and April 2018 .
Early life and education
Von Schimmelmann graduated from the Schule Schloss Salem and studied economics in Hamburg and Zurich . He received a bachelor 's degree in business administration from the University of Hamburg , followed by a bachelor 's degree in economics from the University of Zürich . He received a doctorate in business administration and economics from the University of Zurich . He earned his doctorate summa cum laude to which his dissertation dealt with the savings behavior of private persons .
Career
Von Schimmelmann first worked for the management consultancy McKinsey & Company . He started in 1972 , with positions in Cleveland , Ohio , Kuwait , and Düsseldorf and stayed with the company , eventually as a Partner , until 1978 . From 1978 to 1984 , he worked for Landesgirokasse-Bank in Stuttgart , Germany , where he served as a board member .
From 1984 to 1991 , Von Schimmelmann served on the management board of DG Bank in Frankfurt . He served on the board of managing directors of BHF Bank from 1991 to 1999 .
Von Schimmelmann served as the chief executive officer of Deutsche Postbank , a German retail bank , from 1999 to 2007 , after Klaus Zumwinkel , with whom he had been acquainted since working for McKinsey , had promoted him to CEO and a part of the management board of Deutsche Post AG . He oversaw the bank 's expansion to become Germany 's leading retail bank with nearly 15 million customers and the group 's stock market listing in 2004 . Under his leadership , Postbank joined the DAX in 2006 .
In 2007 , Von Schimmelmann unexpectedly resigned from the post of CEO of Postbank for `` personal reasons '' ; his contract originally ran until 2008 . Until December 2009 , he was also a member of the supervisory board at Deutsche Telekom , and in January 2009 , he became chairman of the supervisory board of Deutsche Post AG . He served as chairman until April 2018 and was succeeded by Nikolaus von Bomhard .
Other activities
Corporate boards
LetterOne , Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors
Maxingvest , Member of the Supervisory Board
Thomson Reuters , Independent Member of the Board of Director ( since 2011 )
Altadis , Member of the Board of Directors ( since 2004 )
Accenture , Member of the Board of Directors ( 2001- )
Western Union , Member of the Board of Directors ( 2009-2014 )
BAWAG P.S.K. , Member of the Supervisory Board ( 2007-2009 )
SAP , Chairman of the Supervisory Board ( 1988–1992 )
Non-profit organizations
Allensbach Institute , Member of the Board of Trustees
Deutsche Schutzvereinigung für Wertpapierbesitz ( DSW ) , Member of the Board of Trustees
Max Planck Foundation , Member of the Supervisory Board
Von Schimmelmann is also honorary Professor at the Faculty of Economics of the University of Konztanz , which awarded him an honorary doctorate in 2006 . He also serves on the Germany government 's corporate governance commission .
Von Schimmelmann is the founder of Stiftung Startchance , a foundation for disadvantaged children .
Personal life
Von Schimmelmann stems from the Holstein-Danish noble family Schimmelmann . He has been married to Benita Freiin von Gersdorff since March 1996 and lives in Berg ( Starnberger See ) .
References
Living people
University of Hamburg alumni
University of Zurich alumni
German bankers
German corporate directors
Accenture people
1947 births
Alumni of Schule Schloss Salem
Riverside is a neighborhood in Wichita , Kansas , United States . A mostly residential area located between the Arkansas and Little Arkansas Rivers , it is home to several of the city 's museums and large parks .
History
Riverside was founded in March 1886 when the Riverside Land Company , led by developer James Oakley Davidson , had the area surveyed and platted . The company intended for the new neighborhood to be Wichita 's most stylish residential area and supported the construction of bridges and a trolley line to connect it to downtown . The local real estate market collapsed the next year , however , and development stalled for a decade . By 1889 , several of the company 's investors , including Davidson and Burton Campbell , had built large , luxurious homes for themselves . Campbell 's mansion , modeled after a Scottish castle , became known as Campbell Castle or Crumb Castle locally and was eventually designated a historical landmark .
In 1897 , the Wichita city government purchased land in the neighborhood and began developing parks . It also built two more bridges , increasing access to the area and attracting more home buyers . Riverside became a popular recreational area for local residents , and development continued over the ensuing decades . The Riverside Boathouse opened on the Little Arkansas River in the late 1890s followed by a zoo in Central Riverside Park in 1921 and a public swimming pool in South Riverside Park in 1923 . The Wichita Art Museum opened in 1935 . In 1938 , the Works Progress Administration replaced the pool with a second pool called Municipal Beach .
Beginning in the 1960s , further development changed Riverside dramatically as new sites opened and others closed . The Boathouse was demolished in the 1960s as part of an urban renewal program . Similarly , the zoo was closed and torn down in 1973 with the opening of the Sedgwick County Zoo in the western part of the city . In the 1970s , the city funded the construction a new facility for the Art Museum . To commemorate the United States Bicentennial , the city had The Keeper of the Plains , a 44-foot steel sculpture by artist Blackbear Bosin , erected at the confluence of the Arkansas and Little Arkansas Rivers in 1974 . The Mid-America All-Indian Center opened in 1976 . That same year , the public Ralph Wurz Tennis Center opened on the former site of Municipal Beach . In 1987 , the city opened Botanica , The Wichita Gardens in Riverside .
Today , Riverside is regarded as a historic neighborhood known for its architecture and as a cultural and recreational center in Wichita . It has also become a popular residential area for college students and young professionals .
Geography
Riverside is located at ( 37.698611 , -97.359722 ) at an elevation of 1,306 feet ( 398 m ) . The Arkansas River forms its western and southern border , 13th Street North its northern border , and Bitting Street , the Little Arkansas River , and Nims Street its eastern border . The confluence of the two rivers forms the neighborhood 's southeastern corner . Located immediately northwest of Downtown Wichita , Riverside borders Midtown to the east and North Riverside to the north . Delano lies across the Arkansas River to the south ; Indian Hills lies across the river to the west .
Government
For the purposes of representation on the Wichita City Council , Riverside lies within Council District 6 .
For the purposes of representation in the Kansas Legislature , Riverside is located in the 25th and 29th districts of the Kansas Senate and the 92nd district of the Kansas House of Representatives .
Education
Wichita Public Schools operates one facility in the neighborhood : Riverside Leadership Magnet Elementary School .
Parks and recreation
The Wichita Department of Park and Recreation maintains five parks in Riverside : Oak Park , Sim Park , Central Riverside Park , North Riverside Park , and South Riverside Park . Situated on West 11th Street , Oak Park occupies on the east bank of the Little Arkansas River and includes a frisbee disc golf course , nature trails , and a natural habitat area . Sim Park lies on the east bank of the Arkansas River and is divided into several areas : the Arthur B. Sim Municipal Golf Course , a large picnic area , a natural habitat area , Botanica , and the Old Cowtown Museum . The park also includes a fitness trail with exercise stations .
The three Riverside Parks form the heart of the city park system . The largest , Central Riverside Park , spans on the west bank of the Little Arkansas River and hosts an open air bandstand , playground , and interactive water fountain as well as outdoor art sculptures and historic structures . It is also home to the city 's Spanish-American Memorial and a small zoo , the Kansas Wildlife Exhibit . North Riverside Park covers on the river 's east bank immediately southeast of Oak Park . It is the site of several historical structures including Park Villa , a stone and tile-roofed meetinghouse used for community gatherings . The South Riverside Park sits on West Central Avenue in a horseshoe bend of the Little Arkansas 's course and is home to the Ralph Wurz Riverside Tennis Center .
Culture
Points of interest
Botanica , The Wichita Gardens
The Keeper of the Plains
Mid-America All-Indian Center
Old Cowtown Museum
Wichita Art Museum
Transportation
Nims is the main north-south street through Riverside . North of River Boulevard , its name changes to Bitting Street . River Boulevard follows a winding course along the west bank of the Little Arkansas River . South of Murdock Street , its name changes to Stackman Drive . Other arterial roads include 13th Street , which runs east-west along the northern edge of the neighborhood , and Seneca , a north-south street which enters Riverside from the south and turns east to become Central Avenue .
Wichita Transit offers bus service to Riverside on its 17 route .
Gallery
References
Geography of Wichita , Kansas
Neighborhoods in Kansas
1886 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1886
Vasanthamalika is a 2003 Indian Malayalam-language comedy-drama film directed by Suresh Krishnan and written by Mahesh Mithra . It stars Mukesh , Jagadish , and Uma Shankari . It is a remake of the Tamil film Budget Padmanabhan . This was Arun Kumar Aravind 's first film as an editor .
Cast
Mukesh as Balakrishnan a.k.a . Balu , a garment worker
Uma Shankari as Nandini , the managing director 's daughter
Jagathy Sreekumar as Bodheswaran
Kavilraj as College student
Sai Kumar as Varadharaja settu
Bindu Panicker as Anandavalli
Sreenath as Balakrishnan father
Kalarenjini as Lekshmiamma mother of Balakrishnan
Nadirshah as Abhilash
Master Arun as a Child of Kulappura veedu
Salim Kumar as Komalan
Jagadeesh as Mumbai Madhavan
Production
Biju Menon was initially supposed to play one of the lead roles . Uma Shankari , who made her Malayalam debut in Kuberan , was cast as the heroine .
Soundtrack
Ennum Palavidha M.G.Sreekumar
Koomanum Kurumanum M.G . Sreekumar
Manassinullil Mayangi M.G . Sreekumar
Poomukhathoro M.G . Sreekumar
Sightadikkana K.S . Chitra
References
External links
2002 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam remakes of Tamil films
Kidfresh is a brand of meals for children .
Products
Kidfresh meals are made with natural ingredients and contain no artificial colours , flavours or preservatives . They contain up to one serving of vegetables and are rich in key nutrients such as protein , calcium , fiber , vitamins and iron for growing kids . Kidfresh meals are low in sodium , fat , saturated fats , 0g trans fat , and contains less than 400 calories .
Available Kidfresh frozen meals :
Totally Twisted Pasta + Meatballs
Rainbow Rice + Chicken
Easy Cheesy Ravioli
Spaghetti Loops Bolognese
Muy Cheesy Quesadillas
Wagon Wheels Mac + Cheese
Environment
Packaging contains no bisphenol A or phthalate and uses recycled paper , carbon-neutral printing and recyclable containers .
History
Kidfresh was launched in 2007 and first started with a concept Kidfresh store in New York City where they offered natural and organic kids ' foods , including their own , freshly prepared in their “ kidchen ” .
The Kidfresh store attracted celebrities including Jennifer Garner , Tom Cruise and a lot of media interest from all around the world including The New York Times , USA Today , ABC News , CBS News , NBC News , Today Show , Nikkei ( Japan ) , Elle Japan , France2 ( France ) , Time Out Chicago ( USA ) .
In 2009 , Kidfresh 's meals were first sold in America .
Availability
Kidfresh is now distributed in the North East and Southern region , including Whole Foods , Shaws , and ShopRite .
Charity
Kidfresh is a sponsor of Save the Children , .
References
External links
Kidfresh official site
American brands
Food and drink companies based in New York ( state )
Frozen food brands
Baby food manufacturers
American companies established in 2007
Aad van den Hoek ( born 14 October 1951 ) is a former Dutch cyclist . He was professional between 1974 and 1983 and was good friends with Gerrie Knetemann .
Biography
In 1976 he finished last in the final of the Tour de France and carried the Lanterne rouge .
In 1972 he finished third in the 100 km team time trial at the Munich Olympics , but tested positive for Coramine , a drug allowed by the Union Cycliste Internationale but not the IOC . The Dutch team was disqualified .
Major results
1974
Rheinland-Pfalz Rundfahrt
1976
Eight days of Chaam
Star of Promises ( Etoile d'Espoirs )
1977
7th stage Part B Route du Sol
1978
1st leg Part B Tour of Netherlands
See also
List of Dutch Olympic cyclists
List of doping cases in cycling
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Dutch male cyclists
Dutch sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in cycling
People from Dirksland
Competitors stripped of Summer Olympics medals
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the Netherlands
UCI Road World Championships cyclists for the Netherlands
Cyclists from South Holland
Balcılar is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Paul Lundeen is a Colorado politician and a member of the Colorado State Senate , representing District 9 . Previously he served in the Colorado House of Representatives as the representative from the 19th District , which encompasses portions of El Paso County , including the communities of Black Forest , Calhan , Ellicott , Gleneagle , Monument , Peyton , Ramah , and Woodmoor .
Lundeen is a Republican and lives in Monument , Colorado .
Career
A businessman , Lundeen previously served on the Colorado State Board of Education , representing the Fifth District , and for a time he served as the Board 's chair .
A bill proposal by Lundeen aimed at requiring voters to cast ballots in person , limiting early voting , and only allowing voters to cast ballots by mail if they opt for it despite voting by mail having been used in Colorado for years . In February 2021 , a Senate panel rejected the bill .
In March 2021 , Lundeen attended a panel that promoted the false claim that the 2020 presidential election was fraudulent . During a speech , Lundeen cast doubt on the validity of the election results including that of Colorado 's .
Elections
Lundeen was first elected to the State House in 2014 . He ran unopposed in both the Republican primary and the general election .
In 2016 , Lundeen was re-elected . In the general election , he won 79.59 % of the vote against his Democratic opponent .
In June , 2017 , Lundeen announced that in the 2018 elections he would seek the District 9 State Senate seat currently held by Kent Lambert , who is term limited . Lambert immediately endorsed Lundeen .
Running for reelection in 2022 , Lundeen won the Republican primary held on June 28 and is the Republican nominee for the office .
References
External links
Campaign website
State House website
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the Colorado House of Representatives
New York University alumni
Colorado Republicans
People from Monument , Colorado
School board members in Colorado
Colorado state senators
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Choi Min ( born Choi Min-Sung on January 1 , 1987 ) is a South Korean actor . He is best known for his roles in My Bittersweet Life , My Dear Cat , and Cinderella with Four Knights . Recently , he made his comeback as Lee Yeon-seok in Again My Life after a six-year hiatus .
Filmography
Films
Television series
Music videos
References
1987 births
Living people
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Rollet Island ( ) is a small island 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) north of the northwest part of Booth Island in the Dannebrog Islands . Discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1903–05 , under J.B. Charcot , who named it `` Ile Rollet de l'Isle '' for Monsieur Rollet de l'Isle , French hydrographic surveyor . A shortened form of the original name has been adopted .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Tahtalar , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Hook Norton Cutting and Banks is a biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest south of Hook Norton in Oxfordshire . The site is in three areas , two of which are managed as a nature reserve called Hook Norton Cutting by Berkshire , Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust . and are designated a Geological Conservation Review site .
Hook Norton Cutting is a nature reserve along two stretches of a disused railway line separated by a tunnel . Most of it is unimproved calcareous grassland with a rich variety of flora . The site is notable for its bee species , including one which has only been recorded at three other sites in the country , Andrena bucephala . The cutting exposes rocks dating to the Middle Jurassic , around 167 million years ago , which are the type section of the Hook Norton Member of the Chipping Norton Formation . Hook Norton Bank is a steeply sloping limestone grassland by the River Swere .
References
Berkshire , Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire
Geological Conservation Review sites
Hu-Man is a 1975 French science fiction film directed by Jérôme Laperrousaz .
Plot
An actor is put in precarious situations while his fear is broadcast to a television audience . The audience 's emotions determine whether he is sent to the past or future .
Cast
Terence Stamp as Terence
Jeanne Moreau as Sylvana
Agnès Stevenin as Viviane
Frederik van Pallandt as Frédérik
Franck Schwacke as Frank
Gabriella Rysted as Gabriella
Giannis Thomas as L'homme oiseau/Birdman
Valerie Decaux as L'enfant
Bob Traynor as Technicien
Frank Holman as Unknown ( uncredited )
Accolades
References
External links
French science fiction films
1970s French-language films
English-language French films
1970s English-language films
1970s science fiction films
1975 multilingual films
French multilingual films
1970s French films
Ryan Rau ( born July 30 , 1990 ) is a former American football linebacker . After playing college football for Portland State , he was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles as an undrafted free agent in 2012 .
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
Rau was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles as an undrafted free agent following the 2012 NFL Draft on June 14 , 2012 . After playing the entire preseason with the team , he was released during final roster cuts on August 31 . He was re-signed to the team 's practice squad on September 1 , and was promoted to the active roster on December 8 . Rau made his NFL debut on December 9 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Rau was released from his contract on April 11 , 2013 .
Cleveland Browns
Rau was claimed off waivers by the Cleveland Browns on April 12 , 2013 . He was released on May 21 , 2013 .
Carolina Panthers
Rau was signed by the Carolina Panthers on May 22 , 2013 . On August 24 , 2013 , he was waived by the Panthers .
References
External links
Edmonton Eskimos bio
Philadelphia Eagles bio
Portland State Vikings bio
1990 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Carolina Panthers players
Cleveland Browns players
Edmonton Elks players
Miami Dolphins players
People from Folsom , California
Philadelphia Eagles players
Players of American football from California
Portland State Vikings football players
Sportspeople from Sacramento County , California
Susuzkınık is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 268 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
Sahar Hussein al-Haideri ( , July 15 , 1962 – June 7 , 2007 ) was an Iraqi female print and radio journalist .
She was murdered by extremists on June 7 , 2007 , becoming at the time the 108th journalist , including 86th Iraqi journalist , to be killed covering the Iraq War since its outbreak in 2003 .
Early life
Al-Haideri was born in Baghdad , Iraq , to a Shia professional family . She was educated and received her degree in business administration from Baghdad University .
Al-Haideri married Haithem al-Naqib , a Sunni teacher from the northern Iraqi city of Mosul . Together the couple had four daughters . The family moved to Mosul in 1997 .
Career
Al-Haideri 's career in journalism began after the 2003 invasion of Iraq and the fall of Sadam Hussein 's Baathist regime . A number of international news training programs were set up by media agencies throughout Iraq , including the IWPR , the Reuters Foundation and others . Al-Haideri was one of the few Iraqis to enroll in the IWPR journalism reporting and training program . The programs offered aspiring Iraqi journalists a new career direction .
Al-Haideri began work as a radio and print journalist . She began writing contributing pieces for the Institute for War and Peace Reporting , the media organization with whom she had been trained . She also wrote for local Iraqi press , including the Aswat al-Iraq news agency , known in English as the Voices of Iraq , a Mosul-based newspaper . Her stories focused on the trauma that was beginning to overtake Iraq . Her stories included features on the increasing violence against Iraqi women , and what she called the `` lost generation '' of Iraqi youth due to the war . Her stories were sometimes critical of both local Iraqi government officials and the U.S . Forces , both of whom she saw as adding to the chaotic situation in Iraq . However , she was most critical of Islamic extremists who sought to use the war as an excuse to turn her adopted city of Mosul into a fundamentalist `` emirate '' in northern Iraq .
Her stories increasingly focused on the fundamentalists and the violence that their insurgency had brought to northern Iraq ( excluding Iraqi Kurdistan ) . She wrote pieces concerning Islamic fundamentalist decrees that cucumbers and tomatoes must be served on separate plates because they are supposedly of different genders and that female store mannequins must have their heads covered . She also wrote of the atrocities committed by Iraqi insurgents .
Her critical reporting put her personal safety , as well as her family , in jeopardy . Al-Haideri was once saved from an attempted kidnapping because an American military patrol happened to be in the area and stopped the attack . At one point , an Iraqi extremist group linked to al Qaeda placed Al-Haideri at number four on a hit list of so-called infidels .
Al-Haideri moved her family to Damascus , Syria , in 2006 for their own safety . However , she continued to return to Iraq to file her reports . Al-Haideri , who was very committed to her chosen career , said in a 2007 interview with the UK Press Gazette that she never thought about quitting , even under the constant threats . She took credit on a Kurdish website for a number of news articles critical of the extremists which had been written and published under an assumed pseudonym . The editors of both the Voices of Iraq and the IWPR repeatedly implored al-Haideri to remain in Syria and stay out of Iraq for her own personal safety .
Al-Haideri was killed in Mosul on June 7 , 2007 by an extremist group called the Ansar al-Sunna . She was 45 years old . Her news editors had spent three hours the day before her killing asking her to return to Damascus . Her murder was met with condemnation from the international community .
The IWPR established a journalist assistance fund in memory of al-Haideri and the work she accomplished during her career as a journalist .
In 2008 Al-Haideri was awarded posthumously the Amnesty International Media Award , for the use of new media in her work . Her article , `` Honour Killing Sparks Fears of New Iraqi Conflict '' was specifically cited by the judges .
Al-Haideri was survived by her husband and her four daughters , who were aged 11 to 17 at the time of her murder .
References
External links
The Guardian : Sahar Hussein al-Haideri
Sahar 's articles for IWPR
IWPR : Iraqi Reporter Latest Victim of Violence Against Women Journalists
Requiem for a Brave Woman
The Guardian : Iraq 's forgotten heroes : The death of Iraqi journalist Sahar Hussein al Haideri last month illustrates the hazardous conditions the local press have to operate in
Kuwait Times : Iraq 's journalists , the forgotten heroes
Iraqi journalists
Journalists killed while covering the Iraq War
1962 births
2007 deaths
Writers from Baghdad
University of Baghdad alumni
20th-century journalists
Shmuel HaNavi Street ( , lit . Samuel the Prophet Street ) is a main road in north-central Jerusalem . It starts at the intersection of St. George and Shivtei Israel Streets near Highway 60 , and merges into Golda Meir Boulevard ( Route 436 ) just past the intersection of Bar-Ilan and Hativat Harel Streets . The continuation of the street winds up to the tomb of Samuel the prophet , after whom the street is named .
Shmuel HaNavi Street borders the Beit Yisrael , Bukharim , Arzei HaBira , Shmuel HaNavi , Sanhedria and Gush 80 neighborhoods . With a largely Haredi population , the street houses major synagogues for two Hasidic dynasties and many Haredi schools , yeshivas , and girls ' seminaries .
Name
The street is named after Samuel the prophet ( 11th century BC ) , the last Biblical judge , who anointed both Saul ( I Samuel 15:1 ) and David ( I Samuel 16:12–13 ) as kings of Israel . The Tomb of Samuel , which rests atop the tallest mountain outside the Jerusalem city limits , can be reached by following the continuation of Shmuel HaNavi Street northward .
History
Before 1948 , Shmuel HaNavi Street lay at the northern edge of Jewish Jerusalem , with the Arab neighborhood of Sheikh Jarrah to the northeast . Its location beyond populated areas such as Mea Shearim and Beit Yisrael was the reason why Simcha Mandelbaum , a Jewish merchant who had raised his family in the Old City , decided to build a new home at the eastern end of the street in 1927 . While Mandelbaum wished to set an example for other Jews to build in the area and expand the borders of Jerusalem , the Waqf , which owned large tracts all around , forbade Arabs from selling any more land to Jews , so the three-story house stood on its own . During the riots of 1929 and 1936 , the Haganah took up positions in the Mandelbaum House to drive back the rioting Arabs leaving Damascus Gate toward Mea Shearim and Beit Yisrael . Arab Legionnaires blew up the house during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War .
During the 1947 civil war , residents on Shmuel HaNavi Street were subject to frequent shooting from snipers in Sheikh Jarrah . When war broke out in 1948 , the street was thrust onto the frontlines , becoming a strategic gateway for Arab Legionnaires seeking to enter Jewish Jerusalem .
The 1949 Armistice Agreements put Shmuel HaNavi Street parallel to the Jordanian border , with a no man 's land of barbed wire and minefields separating it from Ammunition Hill to the north . From 1949 to 1967 the official crossing point between Israeli- and Jordanian-held territory stood at the eastern end of Shmuel HaNavi Street at a checkpoint called the Mandelbaum Gate . This checkpoint was named after the destroyed Mandelbaum House , whose ruins lay nearby . Clergy , diplomats and United Nations personnel used the gateway to pass through the concrete and barbed wire barrier between the sectors , but Jordanian officials allowed only one-way passage for non-official traffic . Anyone with an Israeli stamp in his or her passport was denied passage .
After the Six-Day War and the reunification of Jerusalem , the Israelis dismantled the Mandelbaum Gate . Today a sundial standing in the middle of the Jerusalem Light Rail tracks near the beginning of Shmuel HaNavi Street marks the site where the Gate once stood .
Shmuel HaNavi neighborhood
To reinforce its claim on the territory on its side of the 1949 armistice line , in the early 1960s the Jerusalem municipality erected a complex of `` long train '' tenement buildings built in the manner of fortresses . The Israel Housing Ministry mandated that the external concrete walls of the buildings be three times the normal thickness to withstand shelling . The roofs of the buildings had raised parapets fitted with gun slots . The buildings themselves were arranged in a `` confusing zig-zag pattern '' to slow down Arab armies that might charge the complex , and the courtyards between the buildings were designed to accommodate mass mobilization of Israeli troops in the event of an attack .
This housing project , known as Shikun Shmuel HaNavi ( Shmuel HaNavi neighborhood ) , was largely populated by Sephardi Jewish immigrants from North Africa . The overcrowded conditions and lack of infrastructure quickly turned it into a slum . In the late 1970s an urban protest movement called Ohalim established a branch here , initiating cultural and productive activities for disadvantaged youth and elderly . In the 1980s the neighborhood was significantly upgraded as part of Project Renewal , a national urban renewal program that upgraded housing , infrastructure and utilities in 84 Israeli neighborhoods between 1977 and 1984 . A new facade was added to each building in the complex and apartments were enlarged or combined to create larger living quarters .
As the first generation of immigrant children matured and left the neighborhood , their parents followed , and Haredi families from Mea Shearim , Bukharim and Geula took their place . In the 1990s the corner of Shmuel HaNavi and Bar-Ilan Streets was the site of frequent protests to close both streets to traffic on the Jewish Sabbath , a law that was eventually enforced . According to a 1997 appeal by the Ministry of Transportation to the Supreme Court of Israel on the closure , `` almost 100 % of the residents living in the vicinity of the Shmuel HaNavi and Jeremiah Streets , as far as Shamgar Street , are all religious or Ultra-Orthodox '' .
Shmuel HaNavi bus bombing
In 2004 a suicide bomber dressed as a Haredi Jew boarded a crowded # 2 bus on its return route from the Western Wall and detonated himself as it turned the corner to Shmuel HaNavi Street . The bus was filled with Haredi families with small children ; 23 were killed and more than 130 wounded .
2014 Jerusalem tractor attack
In 2014 an Arab workman took a tractor from a work site and went on a terror rampage , overturning a bus with the Arab driver inside , killing one person and wounding several .
In October 2015 an Arab terrorist stabbed and lightly wounded a 16-year-old Jewish teenager on Shmuel Hanavi Street .
Archeological discoveries
Evidence for the presence of the Third Wall of the New City from the time of King Agrippa I has been found on Shmuel HaNavi Street . Reinforcing this connection , Simcha Mandelbaum found coins from the Bar Kokhba era on the site of his new house at the beginning of the street . The Talmud ( Zevachin 107a ) and the author of Kaftor VeFerach cite a location near or on the street as the site where the deshen ( ashes ) from sacrifices on the Temple Altar were deposited .
Roman tombs and ossuaries have also been found on Shmuel HaNavi Street . A few hundred meters north of the western end of the street lies the Second Temple-era Tombs of the Sanhedrin in a large park .
In July 2009 archaeologists discovered an ancient quarry on Shmuel HaNavi Street , near the intersection with Yehezkel Street , during new residential construction . The quarter-acre ( one-dunam ) area was thought to be part of a larger network of quarries extending from Musrara to Sanhedria , from which the giant stones used by King Herod in the construction of the Second Temple ( first century BC ) were hewn .
Cultural institutions
From 1941 to 1947 the street was home to the Jerusalem Biblical Zoo founded by Professor Aharon Shulov of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Present-day landmarks
Synagogues
Beis Yosef Tzvi – Dushinsky ( headquarters of the Dushinsky Hasidic dynasty
Sadigura
Boys ' schools
Talmud Torah Eitz Chaim
Talmud Torah Ramat HaTorah
Talmud Torah Kedushat HaTorah – Sadigura
Talmud Torah Zhvill
Girls ' seminaries
Bais Yaakov Maalot seminary
Nachlas Bais Yaakov seminary
Neve Yisrael Seminary
Tehillas Bais Yaakov seminary
Yeshivas
Ahavat Moshe yeshiva and kollel ( Breslov )
Beis Yosef Tzvi Dushinsky yeshiva gedola
Chut shel Chessed
Eitz Chaim yeshiva
Shaarei Torah Hasidic yeshiva gedola
Tiferet Tzvi yeshiva
Yeshivat HaRaayon HaYehudi ( Yeshiva of the Jewish Idea ) , founded by Meir Kahane on Shmuel HaNavi Street in 1989 and relocated to Kfar Tapuach in 2001
Zhvill yeshiva gedola
Notable residents
Ben Zion Abba Shaul
Yisroel Moshe Dushinsky , Second Dushinsky Rebbe
Yosef Tzvi Dushinsky , Third Dushinsky Rebbe
Sadigura Rebbe
References
Sources
External links
Google map of Shmuel HaNavi Street
Streets in Jerusalem
Hokey means corny , mawkishly sentimental , or obviously contrived .
Hokey can also refer to :
Arts , entertainment , and media
Hokey , the name of a particular House-elf in the fictional Harry Potter series
Hokey cokey ( AKA hokey pokey ) , a participation dance
Hokey Wolf , a Hanna-Barbera cartoon character
Other uses
Hokey , Handover Keying technologies addressing seamless migration of secure wireless connections from one network to another
Hokey , misspelling of Hokie , the mascot of Virginia Tech
See also
Hokey pokey ( disambiguation )
Charles Henry Tate , known as Baby Tate ( January 28 , 1916 – August 17 , 1972 ) was an American Piedmont blues guitarist , who in a sporadic career spanning five decades worked with the guitarists Blind Boy Fuller and Pink Anderson and the harmonica player Peg Leg Sam . His playing style was influenced by Blind Blake , Buddy Moss , Blind Boy Fuller , Josh White , Willie Walker , and to some extent Lightnin ' Hopkins .
Biography
Tate was born in Elberton , Georgia , and was raised in Greenville , South Carolina . As an adolescent , he started performing locally , after seeing Blind Blake in Elberton . Tate later formed a trio with Joe Walker ( the brother of Willie Walker ) and Roosevelt `` Baby '' Brooks and , up to 1932 , played locally . As the Carolina Blackbirds , they performed on radio station WFBC , broadcasting from the Jack Tar Hotel . For the rest of the 1930s he worked other jobs , mainly as a mason .
Tate served in the U.S. Army infantry during World War II in the south of England . He returned to the Spartanburg-Greenville club circuit in 1946 . He claimed to have recorded several unreleased tracks for Kapp Records in 1950 . Relocating to Spartanburg , South Carolina , he performed solo before forming an occasional duo with Pink Anderson , a working relationship that endured until the 1970s , when Anderson was disabled by a stroke .
Tate released his only album , Blues of Baby Tate : See What You Done Done , in 1962 , and twelve months later appeared in Samuel Charters 's documentary film The Blues . Throughout the 1960s he performed irregularly across the United States . With the harmonica player Peg Leg Sam or the guitarists Baby Brooks or McKinley Ellis , he recorded nearly sixty tracks in 1970 and 1971 for Peter B. Lowry , but the proposed album remained unreleased after Tate died unexpectedly in the summer of 1972 . He appeared at a concert at the State University of New York at New Paltz , as a result of Lowry 's efforts , in the spring of 1972 .
Tate died of effects of a heart attack , in the Veterans Administration Hospital in Columbia , South Carolina , in August 1972 , at the age of 56 .
In January 2011 , Tate was nominated for the 10th Annual Independent Music Awards in the category Blues Song , for `` See What You Done Done '' . His recording of the song is included on the compilation album Classic Appalachian Blues , released by Smithsonian Folkways in 2010 .
Discography
Albums
Blues of Baby Tate : See What You Done Done ( 1962 , Prestige/Bluesville ; 1995 , CD reissue , Origin Blues Classics )
Singles
`` See What You Done Done '' backed with `` Late in the Evening '' , recorded 1970 ( 1974 , Trix Records )
See also
List of country blues musicians
List of Piedmont blues musicians
References
External links
Illustrated discography
Photography and biography
1916 births
1972 deaths
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American blues singers
Piedmont blues musicians
Singers from Georgia ( U.S. state )
People from Elberton , Georgia
20th-century American singers
20th-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Georgia ( U.S. state )
20th-century American male singers
The Spaulding Bridge is a historic Parker pony truss bridge carrying Mill Street across the Black River in Cavendish , Vermont . Built in 1905 , it is one of the state 's few surviving examples of a metal truss bridge built before state aid and standardization of bridge types became widespread in Vermont . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 .
Description and history
The Spaulding Bridge is located just south of the village center of Cavendish , carrying Mill Street toward points south of the village . It is a single-span Parker pony truss , in length , with a width of . A sidewalk is carried by outriggers from the main bridge stringers on one side . It is built out of I-beams , plates , and flanges , connected by pins . The trusses are set on stone abutments that have been faced in concrete .
The bridge was built for the town in 1905 by Henry Norton , and was dedicated to Gilbert and Olive Spaulding . It is one of a small number of surviving pin-connected truss bridges in the state ; this style of construction was already falling out of fashion when this bridge was built , replaced by field riveting . The bridge underwent a major restoration in 2005 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windsor County , Vermont
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
References
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Windsor County , Vermont
Bridges completed in 1905
Bridges in Windsor County , Vermont
Buildings and structures in Cavendish , Vermont
Metal bridges in the United States
Parker truss bridges in the United States
1905 establishments in Vermont
Endlings is a Canadian television science fiction series , premiering January 5 , 2020 on CBC Television . The series is produced by Sinking Ship Entertainment . Endlings premiered in the US on Hulu on January 17 , 2019 .
In October 2019 , the series was renewed for a second twelve-episode season .
Premise
The series centres on four young children living with a foster father , Mr. Leopold ( Neil Crone ) on a farm , who discover an extraterrestrial alien on their property after its spaceship crashes , and become drawn into the adventure of helping the alien in its mission to save endangered species .
Plot
Season 1
The season begins 20 years in the future when an alien being abducts the last elephant on Earth , Tuko , from the African wildlife refuge where she 's lived since she was orphaned as a baby . But before the Alien can leave Earth 's atmosphere , its ship malfunctions and crash lands on a farm in North America . The crash happens just as Mr. Leopold , the foster parent who owns the farm , is about to take in Julia , a new foster kid , to join his other wards : Johnny , Tabby and Finn .
Almost as soon as she arrives , Julia runs away but finding the last elephant on Earth in one of Mr. Leopold 's cornfields makes her turn back . While Julia , Johnny , Tabby and Finn are not fast friends , they do learn to work together when they discover that an alien ship has crashed into the barn with an injured alien inside and another escaped insect alien loose on the farm .
Julia , though initially wary of her newfound family , slowly learns to trust her fellow foster kids . But just as she grows more comfortable opening up to the others about the struggles she experienced prior to ending up at the Leopold farmstead , Johnny , Tabby and Finn start to reveal painful memories from their pasts .
At the same time , the Alien , unfamiliar with Earth 's natural environment and unable to communicate directly with its new caretakers , is steadily growing weaker . Fortunately , Abiona Maina , the wildlife activist who cared for Tuko at the refuge , manages to track the elephant down to Mr. Leopold 's farm . After she 's convinced that the Alien is n't evil , Abiona uses her knowledge of animals to save its life .
The kids have a lot to deal with but , luckily , they also have each other to rely upon . This growing bond is especially helpful as it will take their combined talents to recapture the endlings released when the Alien 's ship crashed into their barn . These include endlings that communicate in a variety of different ways , like frequencies too high or too low for humans to hear , endlings that are more bark than bite , as well as endlings that the kids want to keep forever , even though they should n't .
Season 2
The year is 2041 ; Julia , Johnny , Tabby and Finn continue to help their extraterrestrial friend Ling save fantastical endlings . With the aid of their foster father Mr. Leopold and animal activist Dr. Abiona Maina the group is getting closer to receiving the remaining 'last of their kind ' creatures and completing their mission .
But when Ling accidentally shows Tabby a vision of their quest failing , the team learns that Ling 's powers do n't just shows their pasts but also their futures . This glimpse of what 's to come reveals Tresa Hewes CEO of Infinitum Corporation , who has been tracking them on her own illusive reasons , capturing Ling and the endlings and tearing the foster family apart .
Together , the group makes the choice to confront the pain of their pasts in order to change their futures and save Ling . This decision to fight fate , kicks off a season of high-octane adventure where four wounded teens must learn to let their hopes , not their hurts , shape their future .
Cast
Edison Grant as Johnny , the eldest child and first child to arrive at the Leopold household . Johnny works hard to make sure the farm feels like the first real home for the other kids , just like it does for him .
Kamaia Fairburn as Julia , the latest addition to the Leopold household . Ever since the sudden loss of her father , Julia has just been mad — mad at the world , mad at her situation , mad at her sadness . However , the more time she spends with her new foster family the more she warms up to them .
Michela Luci as Tabby , the second-youngest child and the engineer of the family . Tabby has a sharp tongue and quick wit which developed from constantly being let down by a lot of people in her life .
Cale Thomas Ferrin as Finn , the youngest child on the farm . Finn does n't speak a word but communicates his love through his colorful drawings , his expressive face or his hugs .
Neil Crone as Mr. Leopold , the foster parent of the four kids . Mr. Leopold knows that what these kids need is someone to believe in them , because the world does n't .
Oyin Oladejo as Tuko 's caretaker , a wildlife activist who spent her childhood growing up around animals . Her fight to keep Tuko safe leads her to the Leopold farm .
Lisa Ryder as Hewes , an intelligent forward lead who is part of a special division of the government that tracks unexplained phenomenon .
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2019 )
Season 2 ( 2021 )
Production
Season One was filmed in and around the city of Guelph , Ontario and the second season was scheduled to also be filmed in that city , starting January 6 , 2020 . Production of the second season commenced in October 2019 .
Broadcast
In addition to CBC and Hulu , the series will air on Universal Kids in the US , CBBC in the UK , Norddeutscher Rundfunk in Germany , ABC Me in Australia , Sveriges Television in Sweden , NRK in Norway , and Gloob in Brazil .
References
External links
2020s Canadian children 's television series
2020s Canadian drama television series
2020s Canadian science fiction television series
2020 Canadian television series debuts
Canadian children 's science fiction television series
Canadian television shows featuring puppetry
CBC Television original programming
Fictional endangered and extinct species
Hulu original programming
Hulu children 's programming
Television series about alien visitations
Television series about children
Television series about extraterrestrial life
Ruben Moreno Palanques ( Castellón , Spain , 23 July 1958 ) is a Spanish politician of the conservative People 's Party ( PP ) , who earned his MD PhD at the University of Valencia . He is Senator and he was MP in the Congress of Deputies in the X , XI and XII Legislatures ; Secretary of State for Relations with Parliament in the government of Mariano Rajoy ; Secretary General of Health in the governments of Presidents Aznar and Rajoy .
Early life and education
Doctor in medicine and surgery from the University of Valencia , he was the first member of his family to devote himself to medicine , but not to politics . His maternal grandfather stood in the municipal elections that had been called by the II Republic , for Republican Action party . He studied music during his childhood at the Professional Conservatory of Music in Valencia , but he had to interrupt his studies when he won a scholarship through a national competition that would keep him away from the family home until he finished his medical studies .
Political career
Between 1995 and 2000 he served as General Director of the Valencian Health Service ; Undersecretary of the Valencian Ministry of Health ; and Undersecretary for the Valencian Agency of Health in the Department of Health of the Valencian Government .
With the beginning of President Aznar 's second term in 2000 , he was appointed Secretary General of Health Management and Cooperation of the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs , and President of the National Health Service ( INSALUD ) . During this period , he was responsible for carrying out the largest transfer of competences in Spain , the health competences from the INSALUD to the Autonomous Communities of Madrid , Asturias , Castile-León , Baleares , Aragon , Murcia , Castile-La Mancha , Cantabria , Extremadura and Rioja . This involved the transfer of resources valued at more than 9 billion euros ; 133,889 statutory health workers ; 79 hospitals and 1,069 health centers .
In 2011 he was elected Member of Congress of Deputies for Valencia for the conservative party PP . There he served as Health spokesperson and spokesperson in the Joint Committee for the European Union by the Popular Parliamentary Group ( GP ) ; and Vice President of the Toledo Pact Committee . Since then he had an intense activity at European level . During that stage he was the representative of the GP in the Subcommittee for the Analysis of Structural Problems of the Health System ( National Pact for Health ) .
In December 2014 , he resigned from the seat in Congress to be appointed Secretary General of Health and Consumer Affairs of the Ministry of Health , Social Services and Equality .
Hepatitis C crisis
Upon arrival at the Ministry of Health with the new Minister Alfonso Alonso in December 2014 , they had to face the general health crisis triggered in the previous months by the hepatitis C patients ' demands of treatment for all with last generation of antiviral drugs ( sofosbuvir , ledipasvir , daclatasvir , etc . ) .
While some countries established a moratorium delaying treatments up to a year , they designed an action plan in less than a month to solve this situation whose axes were a ) the constitution of a Committee of National and International Experts in charge of developing a National Strategic Plan for Hepatitis C Approach , which would be approved by the Plenary of the Interterritorial Council of the National Health System ( CISNS ) of January 14 , 2015 ; and b ) the reduction of the new generation antiviral drugs cost by 76.15 % . This action had the best possible result both in terms of health for patients , and in terms of accessibility for the state and regional administration . All this has allowed to treat and cure more than 130,000 patients , in a history of collective success , which can culminate with the elimination of hepatitis C in Spain in 2024 , six years before the goal set by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , which would make the country the second in the world , after Iceland , to do so .
Diphtheria case in unvaccinated child
In June 2015 , there was a case of diphtheria in Catalonia , a disease that has almost disappeared and is difficult to suspect . It was an unvaccinated child who contracted the disease in Olot ( Girona ) . Admitted to the Vall d´Hebron Hospital in Barcelona , every effort was made to have the so special therapeutic resources that this disease required in the current circumstances , in which there was no case of diphtheria since 1988 . After a comprehensive and complex search for diphtheria antitoxin conducted directly by the Secretary General of Health and Consumer Affairs in the different countries of the world that could have it , he was able to locate it in less than 48 hours in Russia , whose authorities made it available to Spain by immediately and disinterestedly sending it from Moscow .
Chickenpox vaccine
The varicella vaccine was kept on the Spanish vaccination calendar at 12 years of age , being indicated in adolescents who were susceptible ( who had not passed the disease ) and in the risk groups until 2015 . However , there were reports , including those of the Spanish Association of Pediatrics and the Spanish Association of Vaccination , which proposed the administration of this vaccine in the first pediatric age . This resulted in parents being recommended to vaccinate their children at an early pediatric age out of calendar at their cost .
The Minister Alfonso Alonso and the Secretary General of Health and Consumer Affairs Ruben Moreno promoted the approval by the Interterritorial Council of the SNS , in the plenary of July 29 , 2015 , of the vaccination calendar modification , to administer the vaccine to all children of an early pediatric age ( first dose at 12–15 months and second between 3 and 4 years ) beginning in 2016 . By including it in the calendar , free access to the vaccine for all families was guaranteed .
Meningitis B vaccine
This vaccine was authorized in the European Union in January 2013 , but in Spain it was qualified as for hospital use only by the Spanish Agency for Medicines and Health Products ( AEMPS ) . In other words , it could not be purchased in pharmacies . When pediatricians were recommending vaccination in situations other than those that gave rise to hospital use , families had to travel to neighboring countries where the vaccine could be purchased in pharmacies . This situation resulted in numerous requests from families and the Autonomous Communities ( CCAA ) who did advocate that government made the vaccines available in Spanish pharmacies . Thus , an evaluation by the AEMPS of new quality and safety data submitted by the vaccine manufacturing company was first promoted after the distribution of more than 1,200,000 doses of the vaccine worldwide . In September 2015 , the change of the dispensing conditions was authorized , and made the vaccine available at the Spanish pharmacy offices also .
Ruben Moreno was elected deputy in the general elections of 2015 and 2016 again , where he served as deputy spokesman and Committees Coordinator ; Foreign Affairs , European Union and International Development Cooperation Coordinator of the GP ; Vice President of the Joint Committee for the European Union ; and Vice President of the Committee on Science , Innovation and Universities of Congress .
On February 2 , 2018 he was appointed Secretary of State for Relations with Parliament of the Ministry of the Presidency .
For his work throughout his political career he received the Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Isabella the Catholic ( gcYC ) , and the Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit ( gcCM ) .
Awards and honours
Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Isabella the Catholic ( gcYC ) 2002
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit ( gcCM ) 2018
Corresponding Academic of the Royal Academy of Medicine and Related Sciences of the Valencian Community .
Publications
Newspaper articles
El sueño del presidente . ABC September 13 , 2019 [ Spanish ]
A la luna de la sanidad . Gaceta Médica , September 2 , 2019 [ Spanish ]
La vida tenía un precio . ABC , August 12 , 2019 [ Spanish ]
La salud de sus señorías . El Mundo , August 8 , 2019 [ Spanish ]
¿Un mundo sin Ciencia ? . La Razón , July 22 , 2019 [ Spanish ]
Desventuras de un candidato . El Mundo , July 19 , 2019 [ Spanish ]
Scientific Publications
Initial assessment of human gene diversity and expression patterns based upon 83 million nucleotides of cDNA sequence . Adams , M.D. , Kerlavage , A.R. , Fleischmann , R.D. , Fuldner , R.A. , Bult , C.J. , Lee , N.H. , Kirkness , E.F. , Weinstock , K.G. , Gocayne , J.D. , White , O. , Sutton , G. , Blake , J.A. , Brandon , R.C. , Chiu , M.W. , Clayton , R.A. , Cline , R.T. , Cotton , M.D. , Earle-Hughes , J. , Fine , L.D. , FitzGerald , L.M. , FitzHugh , W.M. , Fritchman , J.L. , Geoghagen , N.S.M. , Glodek , A. , Gnehm , C.L. , Hanna , M.C. , Hedblom , E. , Hinkle , P.S . Jr , Kelley , J.M. , Klimek , K.M. , Kelley , J.C. , Liu , L.-I. , Marmaros , S.M. , Merrick , J.M. , Moreno-Palanques , R.F. , McDonald , L.A. , Nguyen , D.T , Pellegrino , S.M. , Phillips , C.A. , Ryder , S.E. , Scott , J.L. , Saudek , D.M. , Shirley , R. , Small , K.V. , Spriggs , T.A. , Utterback , T.R. , Weidman , J.F. , Li , Y. , Barthlow , R. , Bednarik , D.P. , Cao , L. , Cepeda , M.A. , Coleman , T.A. , Collins , E.-J. , Dimke , D. , Feng , P. , Ferrie , A. , Fischer , C. , Hastings , G.A. , He , W.-W. , Hu , J.-S. , Huddleston , K.A. , Greene , J.M. , Gruber , J. , Hudson , P. , Kim , A. , Kozak , D.L. , Kunsch , C. , Ji , H. , Li , H. , Meissner , P.S. , Olsen , H. , Raymond , L. , Wei , Y.-F. , Wing , J. , Xu , C. , Yu , G.-L. , Ruben , S.M. , Dillon , P.J. , Fannon , M.R. , Rosen , C.A. , Haseltine , W.A. , Fields , C. , Fraser , C.M . and Venter , J.C . Nature , 377 ( Suppl . ) : 3-174 ( 1995 ) .
Complementary DNA sequencing : `` expressed sequence tags '' and the human genome project . Adams , M.D. , Kelley , J.M. , Gocayne , J.D. , Dubnick , M. , Polymeropoulos , M.H. , Xiao , H. , Merril , C.R. , Wu , A. , Olde , B. , Moreno , R. , Kerlavage , A.R. , McCombie , W.R. , and Venter , J.C. Science , 252 : 1651-1656 ( 1991 )
Sequence identification of 2375 human brain genes . Adams , M. , Dubnick , M. , Kerlavage , A. , Moreno , R. , Kelley , J. , Utterback , T. , Nagle , J. , Fields , C. , and Venter , J.C . Nature , 355 : 632-634 ( 1992 )
Chromosomal assignment of 46 brain cDNAs . Polymeropoulos MH , Xiao H , Glodek A , Gorski M , Adams MD , Moreno RF , Fitzgerald MG , Venter JC , Merril CR . Genomics . 12 : 492-496 ( 1992 )
Construction of cDNA libraries . Moreno-Palanques , R.F . and Fuldner , R.A . In : Automated DNA Sequencing and Analysis ( C. Fields , M. Adams , and J. C. Venter , ed . ) , London : Academic Press , 102-109 , 1994 .
Gene therapy : Protocols and patient register . Moreno-Palanques , R. F. In : Gene Therapy . Bilbao : Fundación BBV , 133-187 , 1995 .
El Sistema Nacional de Salud en la nueva etapa de descentralización plena . Moreno Palanques , RF . Presupuesto y Gasto Público , 28 : 117-121 , 2002 . ( Madrid : Instituto de Estudios Fiscales , Ministerio de Economía y Hacienda )
La financiación de la asistencia sanitaria prestada a través del INSALUD . Moreno Palanques , RF . Presupuesto y Gasto Público , 25 : 139-147 , 2001 ( Madrid : Instituto de Estudios Fiscales , Ministerio de Economía y Hacienda )
El papel del Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo ante la descentralización plena de la Gestón Sanitaria . Moreno Palanques , R.F . Revista de Administración Sanitaria , IV ( 16 ) : 15-27 ( 2000 )
References
External links
Biography at Spanish Congress site
1958 births
Living people
Politicians from the Valencian Community
People 's Party ( Spain ) politicians
University of Valencia alumni
Members of the 10th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Members of the 11th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Spanish medical researchers
People from Castellón de la Plana
University of Kansas School of Medicine alumni
Members of the 12th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit
Recipients of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Baydibek District ( , ; ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Shayan . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
Alison Barter ( born 1986 ) is an Australian pop rock singer-songwriter .
Biography
Ali Barter was born in Melbourne in 1986 . She was raised by an Irish Catholic father ( who had a son from a previous marriage ) and a Buddhist mother . She spent her early years in Lae , Papua New Guinea , where her father worked . The family moved to Cairns before returning to Melbourne where she attended a Methodist secondary school . Barter was trained as a classical vocalist and spent eight years singing in the Australian Girls Choir . She left music , at about 14 to 16 , and became a self-proclaimed 'rat bag ' : `` I was just naughty . Drinking/partying too much and too often , behaving badly ... just bummed around being a pest . Not contributing ! '' Her father unexpectedly died when she was 24 . Barter returned to music soon after , and began writing and releasing music independently .
Barter issued her debut extended play ( EP ) , Trip , in August 2012 . It was recorded and produced in Melbourne by local beat-maker Matik . It provided the single `` Run You Down '' , which was co-written by Barter and Stephen Mowat . She was a 2013 Triple J Unearthed winner , earning a spot on the line-up at St Jerome 's Laneway Festival in that year . She followed with support slots for Vance Joy , Cloud Control and the Rubens . Late in 2013 her second EP , Community , was released , which was produced by Oscar Dawson ( of Holy Holy ) . She toured with the War on Drugs .
Barter 's third EP , AB EP , was released on 4 September 2015 . It was recorded at the Aviary , Abbotsford with Dawson producing and co-writing . It provided the single `` Hypercolour '' , with its music video , directed by Rhys Mitchell , being premiered on NPR . Barter appeared in ABC1 's TV mini-series The Beautiful Lie ( 2015 ) , a modern adaptation of Leo Tolstoy 's Anna Karenina .
In April 2016 Barter performed on triple j 's weekly Like a Version segment , where she covered Tame Impala 's track `` 'Cause I 'm a Man '' . She released two singles in that year — `` Far Away '' in January and `` Girlie Bits '' in August . Both were quickly added to high rotation on national youth broadcaster triple j . She was also invited by triple j to perform at the Unearthed 10-year anniversary show in November , where she was joined onstage by Melbourne musician Ecca Vandal for a special performance of `` Girlie Bits '' . In 2016 , Barter also toured in support of the Rubens , City Calm Down and the Jezabels and held her single launches in Sydney and Brisbane .
In mid-2016 inspired by her experiences while studying 20th century music history at a university in Melbourne , she posted on her Facebook page `` about how under-represented women were in the course material . '' She was called to a meeting : `` We had a horrendous chat and they hounded me to take down the post . I had so much anxiety going to class that I stopped going . '' In December of that year Barter penned an op-ed , `` It 's About Fucking Time We Gave Female Musicians the Credit They Deserve '' for Australian media website Junkee . She discussed the importance of including women in music history . The piece garnered a number of responses , including one from Yoko Ono , who re-tweeted the article .
Barter released her debut album , A Suitable Girl , in March 2017 , independently on Ronnie Records via Inertia Music . It peaked at No . 17 on the ARIA Albums Chart . In February of the following year she performed at the Melbourne Zoo , for its Twilights Season , which Giselle Bueti of The AU Review praised : `` There is something compelling about her stage presence , a certain awkward charm . The powerful chords mixed with delicate harmonises make for sweet listening . It 's like biting into a sour lolly – that initial punch is quickly followed by sugary bliss , making your mouth water and plead for more . ''
In March 2020 , Australian radio station Triple J premiered a new song by Barter in collaboration with Oscar Dawson ( from Holy Holy ) titled `` Four Days '' , as part of a COVID-19 self-isolation musical challenge nicknamed Quarantune .
Personal life
In 2013 Barter began working with fellow Australian musician Oscar Dawson ( ex-Dukes of Windsor , a member of Holy Holy ) , as a song writing and musical collaboration . Dawson was her producer for her latter two EPs and debut album . Barter and Dawson married in early 2016 . The couple run a small independent label , Ronnie Records , which issued Barter 's material , as well as by fellow musicians Ben Wright Smith and Miles De Carteret . She has often visited India and has expressed a desire to live there .
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Extended plays
Singles
Awards and nominations
AIR Awards
The Australian Independent Record Awards ( commonly known informally as AIR Awards ) is an annual awards night to recognise , promote and celebrate the success of Australia 's Independent Music sector .
|-
| AIR Awards of 2017
| herself
| Best Independent Artist
|
|-
J Awards
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's youth-focused radio station Triple J . They commenced in 2005 .
|-
| J Awards of 2017
| A Suitable Girl
| Australian Album of the Year
|
|-
Music Victoria Awards
The Music Victoria Awards are an annual awards night celebrating Victorian music . They commenced in 2006 .
!
|-
| Music Victoria Awards of 2017
| Ali Barter
| Best Female Artist
|
|
|-
National Live Music Awards
The National Live Music Awards ( NLMAs ) are a broad recognition of Australia 's diverse live industry , celebrating the success of the Australian live scene . The awards commenced in 2016 .
|-
| National Live Music Awards of 2018
| Ali Barter
| Live Pop Act of the Year
|
|-
References
External links
Australian musicians
Living people
1986 births
21st-century Australian singers
21st-century Australian women singers
Sarah-Quita Offringa ( born 4 July 1991 ) is an Aruban professional sailor . She competed in the PWA World Tour windsurfing competition . In 2011 following back to back 2010/2011 PWA Women 's Freestyle World Championship titles wins together with winning the 2011 PWA Slalom World Championship she was nominated by the International Sailing Federation for the ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards .
References
External links
Official website
PWA Profile
1991 births
Living people
Dutch female sailors ( sport )
Aruban female sailors ( sport )
People from Oranjestad , Aruba
Female windsurfers
Trill is the debut studio album by American rapper Bun B . It was released on October 18 , 2005 , by Rap-a-Lot Records , Asylum Records and Atlantic Records . The record serves as Bun B 's first studio release going solo , after spending years among years as a member of the Southern hip hop duo UGK throughout the most of his rap career . The album debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 , with first-week sales of 118,000 copies in the United States .
Trill was supported by three singles : `` Draped Up '' featuring Lil ' Keke , `` Git It '' featuring Ying Yang Twins , and `` Get Throwed '' featuring Pimp C , Young Jeezy , Z-Ro and Jay-Z .
Critical reception
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2005 debut albums
Bun B albums
Rap-A-Lot Records albums
Albums produced by Lil Jon
Albums produced by Maejor
Albums produced by Mannie Fresh
Albums produced by Jazze Pha
Albums produced by Mike Dean ( record producer )
Albums produced by Mr. Collipark
Diplomaragnidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida . Adult millipedes in this family have 30 or 32 segments ( counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last ) .
Genera
Genera :
Alineuma Mikhaljova , 2021
Altajosoma Gulička , 1972
Ancestreuma Golovatch , 1977
Asiatyla Mikhaljova , 1999
Diplomaragna Attems , 1907
Diplomaragna Attems , 1907
Koreagna Mikhaljova & Lim , 2008
Litovkia Mikhaljova , 2021
Maritimosoma Mikhaljova , 1999
Niponiothauma Verhoeff , 1942
Orientyla Mikhaljova , 1999
Pacifiosoma Mikhaljova , 1999
Pterygostegia Miyosi , 1958
Sakhalineuma Golovatch , 1976
Shearia Mikhaljova , 1999
Syntelopodeuma Verhoeff , 1914
Tokyosoma Verhoeff , 1929
References
Chordeumatida
Allan Bradley FRS is a British geneticist at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
Education
Bradley was educated at the University of Cambridge where he earned Bachelor of Arts , Master of Arts and PhD degrees in genetics from Trinity College , Cambridge gained while working in the laboratory of Martin Evans .
Career
Following his PhD , Bradley was appointed assistant professor at Baylor College of Medicine , beginning in 1987 where he was also a Searle Scholar in 1988 . Bradley was appointed a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator in 1993 and director of the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute , from October 2000 ( preceded by John Sulston ) to April 2010 , succeeded by Michael Stratton .
Awards and honours
Bradley won a 1994 DeBakey Award and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( FRS ) in 2002 . His certificate of election reads :
References
British geneticists
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Baylor College of Medicine faculty
Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
Wellcome Trust
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The men 's 105 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 13 December 1998 at Thunder Dome , Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex .
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
The 37th Film Independent Spirit Awards , honoring the best independent films and television series of 2021 , were presented by Film Independent on March 6 , 2022 . Traditionally held the Saturday before the Academy Awards , the 2022 date marks a shift in the season , placing the Spirit Awards squarely in the corridor leading into Oscar voting . The nominations were announced on December 14 , 2021 by actresses Beanie Feldstein , Regina Hall , and Naomi Watts . Returning to an in-person ceremony this year , the event was televised in the United States on IFC and streamed exclusively by AMC+ . Married couple Megan Mullally and Nick Offerman hosted the ceremony .
The grant recipients for the Emerging Filmmakers Awards were announced on February 10 , 2022 .
Winners and nominees
Film
{ | class=wikitable style= '' width=100 % ''
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Feature
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Director
|-
| valign= '' top '' |
The Lost Daughter
A Chiara
C'mon C'mon
The Novice
Zola
| valign= '' top '' |
Maggie Gyllenhaal – The Lost Daughter
Janicza Bravo – Zola
Lauren Hadaway – The Novice
Mike Mills – C'mon C'mon
Ninja Thyberg – Pleasure
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Male Lead
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Female Lead
|-
| valign= '' top '' |
Simon Rex – Red Rocket as Mikey Saber
Clifton Collins Jr. – Jockey as Jackson Silva
Frankie Faison – The Killing of Kenneth Chamberlain as Kenneth Chamberlain Sr .
Michael Greyeyes – Wild Indian as Makwa
Udo Kier – Swan Song as Pat Pitsenbarger
| valign= '' top '' |
Taylour Paige – Zola as Aziah `` Zola '' King
Isabelle Fuhrman – The Novice as Alex Dall
Brittany S. Hall – Test Pattern as Renesha Bell
Patti Harrison – Together Together as Anna
Kali Reis – Catch the Fair One as Kaylee `` K.O . '' Uppashaw
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Supporting Male
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Supporting Female
|-
| valign= '' top '' |
Troy Kotsur – CODA as Frank Rossi
Colman Domingo – Zola as Abegunde `` X '' Olawale
Meeko Gattuso – Queen of Glory as Pitt
Will Patton – Sweet Thing as Adam
Chaske Spencer – Wild Indian as Teddo
| valign= '' top '' |
Ruth Negga – Passing as Clare Bellew
Jessie Buckley – The Lost Daughter as Young Leda Caruso
Amy Forsyth – The Novice as Jamie Brill
Revika Reustle – Pleasure as Joy
Suzanna Son – Red Rocket as Strawberry
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Screenplay
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best First Screenplay
|-
| valign= '' top '' |
Maggie Gyllenhaal – The Lost Daughter
Nikole Beckwith – Together Together
Janicza Bravo and Jeremy O. Harris – Zola
Mike Mills – C'mon C'mon
Todd Stephens – Swan Song
| valign= '' top '' |
Michael Sarnoski and Vanessa Block – Pig
Sheldon D. Brown and Matthew Fifer – Cicada
Lyle Mitchell Corbine Jr. – Wild Indian
Shatara Michelle Ford – Test Pattern
Fran Kranz – Mass
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best First Feature
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Documentary Feature
|-
| valign= '' top '' |
7 Days
Holler
Queen of Glory
Test Pattern
Wild Indian
| valign= '' top '' |
Summer of Soul ( ... Or , When the Revolution Could Not Be Televised )
Ascension
Flee
In the Same Breath
Procession
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Cinematography
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Editing
|-
| valign= '' top '' |
Eduard Grau – Passing
Ante Cheng and Matthew Chuang – Blue Bayou
Lol Crawley – The Humans
Tim Curtin – A Chiara
Ari Wegner – Zola
| valign= '' top '' |
Joi McMillon – Zola
Affonso Gonçalves – A Chiara
Ali Greer – The Nowhere Inn
Lauren Hadaway and Nathan Nugent – The Novice
Enrico Natale – The Killing of Kenneth Chamberlain
|-
! colspan= '' 2 '' style= '' width=50 % '' | Best International Film
|-
| colspan= '' 2 '' valign= '' top '' |
Drive My Car ( ) Compartment No . 6 ( / / / )
Parallel Mothers ( )
Pebbles ( )
Petite Maman ( )
Prayers for the Stolen ( )
| }
Films with multiple nominations and awards
Television
{ | class=wikitable style= '' width=100 % ''
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best New Scripted Series
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best New Non-Scripted or Documentary Series
|-
| valign= '' top '' |Reservation Dogs ( FX on Hulu ) Blindspotting ( Starz )
It 's a Sin ( Channel 4 )
The Underground Railroad ( Prime Video )
We Are Lady Parts ( Channel 4 )
| valign= '' top '' |Black and Missing ( HBO ) The Choe Show ( FX )
The Lady and the Dale ( HBO )
Nuclear Family ( HBO )
Philly D.A . ( PBS )
|-
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Male Performance in a New Scripted Series
! style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Female Performance in a New Scripted Series
|-
| valign= '' top '' |Lee Jung-jae – Squid Game as Seong Gi-hun ( Netflix ) Olly Alexander – It 's a Sin as Ritchie Tozer ( Channel 4 )
Murray Bartlett – The White Lotus as Armond ( HBO )
Michael Greyeyes – Rutherford Falls as Terry Thomas ( Peacock )
Ashley Thomas – Them : Covenant as Henry Emory ( Prime Video )
| valign= '' top '' |Thuso Mbedu – The Underground Railroad as Cora Randall ( Prime Video ) Deborah Ayorinde – Them : Covenant as Livia `` Lucky '' Emory ( Prime Video )
Jasmine Cephas Jones – Blindspotting as Ashley Rose ( Starz )
Jana Schmieding – Rutherford Falls as Reagan Wells ( Peacock )
Anjana Vasan – We Are Lady Parts as Amina ( Channel 4 )
|-
! colspan= '' 2 '' style= '' width=50 % '' | Best Ensemble Cast in a New Scripted Series
|-
| colspan= '' 2 '' valign= '' top '' |Reservation Dogs – Paulina Alexis , Funny Bone , Lane Factor , Devery Jacobs , Zahn McClarnon , Lil Mike , Sarah Podemski , and D'Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai| }
Series with multiple nominations and awards
Special awards
John Cassavetes Award
( The award is given to the best feature made for under $ 500,000 ; award given to the writer , director , and producer ) Shiva Baby
Cryptozoo
Jockey
Sweet Thing
This Is Not a War Story
Robert Altman Award
( The award is given to one film 's director , casting director , and ensemble cast )
Mass – Fran Kranz ( director ) , Henry Russell Bergstein ( casting director ) , Allison Estrin ( casting director ) , Kagen Albright , Reed Birney , Michelle N. Carter , Ann Dowd , Jason Isaacs , Martha Plimpton , and Breeda Wool
Emerging Filmmakers Awards
Producers Award
The award honors emerging producers who , despite highly limited resources , demonstrate the creativity , tenacity and vision required to produce quality , independent films . The award includes a $ 25,000 unrestricted grant .
Lizzie Shapiro – Shiva Baby
Brad Becker-Parton – Italian Studies
Pin-Chun Liu – Test Pattern
Someone to Watch Award
The award recognizes talented filmmakers of singular vision who have not yet received appropriate recognition . The award includes a $ 25,000 unrestricted grant .
Alex Camilleri – Luzzu
Gillian Wallace Horvat – I Blame Society
Michael Sarnoski – Pig
Truer than Fiction Award
The award is presented to an emerging director of non-fiction features who has not yet received significant recognition . The award includes a $ 25,000 unrestricted grant .
Jessica Beshir – Faya Dayi
Debbie Lum – Try Harder !
Angelo Madsen Minax – North by Current
See also
94th Academy Awards
79th Golden Globe Awards
75th British Academy Film Awards
42nd Golden Raspberry Awards
28th Screen Actors Guild Awards
27th Critics ' Choice Awards
References
External links
Independent Spirit Awards
2021 film awards
2022 awards in the United States
2021 television awards
The Seven Boyars ( ) were a group of Russian nobles who deposed Tsar Vasily Shuisky on 17 July 1610 and , later that year , invited the Poles into Moscow .
The seven were Princes Fedor Mstislavsky ( the leader of the group ) , Ivan Mikhailovich Vorotynskii , Andrei Vasilevich Trubetskoi , Andrei Vasilevich Golitsyn , Boris Mikhailovich Lykov-Obolenskii , and Boyars Ivan Nikitich Romanov and Fedor Ivanovich Sheremetev . Due to the Polish advance into Russia , the Bolotnikov rebellion , and other unrest during the Time of Troubles , Shuisky was never very popular , nor was he able to effectively rule outside of the capital itself . The seven deposed him and he was forcibly tonsured a monk in the Chudov Monastery in the Kremlin . He was later carried off to Poland where he died in prison at Gostynin in 1612 .
On 17/27 August , the seven agreed to accept Władysław as Tsar of Russia . The Poles entered the city on 21 September . While some consider the rule of the Seven in Moscow to have lasted only from about June 1610 until the arrival of the Poles in September , others consider their rule to have lasted until the Poles were driven from Moscow by the popular movement headed by Kuzma Minin and Prince Dmitry Pozharsky in 1612 . Their power to act after September 1610 , however , was rather nominal .
See also
Polish–Muscovite War ( 1605–1618 )
Time of Troubles
Semibankirschina
References
1610 in Russia
Time of Troubles
The 1998–1999 international cricket season was from September 1998 to April 1999 .
Season overview
September
India in Zimbabwe
October
Australia in Pakistan
1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy
November
Coca-Cola Champions Trophy 1998-99
Zimbabwe in Pakistan
England in Australia
West Indies in South Africa
December
India in New Zealand
January
Carlton and United Series 1998-99
Pakistan in India
February
South Africa in New Zealand
1998–99 Asian Test Championship
March
Australia in the West Indies
Pakistan in Bangladesh
Pepsi Cup 1998-99
Meril International Cup 1998-99
April
Coca-Cola Cup 1998-99
References
1998 in cricket
1999 in cricket
The 1961 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1961 NCAA University Division football season . After the season , Wade Walker was fired as head coach , but continued to be the athletic director . This was the first season that Mississippi State athletic teams were known as the Bulldogs .
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Yukarıhüyük is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Olesya Ivanovna Barel ( ; born 9 February 1960 in Kostroma ) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1960 births
Living people
Russian women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women 's basketball players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Francis Joseph Daly ( 1884 – 18 February 1950 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician . He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1943 general election , and was re-elected at the 1944 general election . He did not contest the 1948 general election . He served as Lord Mayor of Cork from 1930 to 1932 .
References
1884 births
1950 deaths
Fianna Fáil TDs
Members of the 11th Dáil
Members of the 12th Dáil
Local councillors in Cork ( city )
Lord Mayors of Cork
Senerath Gunesekera Vidaneralalage Bennet Dias Gunasekera ( 27 December 1919 – October 2002 ) was a Sri Lankan businessman . He founded the Beligala Coconut Products ( Pvt ) Ltd , one of the largest coconut oil manufacturers on the island . He was elected from the Minuwangoda electorate from the United National Party to the House of Representatives defeating M. P. de Zoysa Siriwardena in the 1977 general elections . His son Mahen Gunasekera was a Member of Parliament and a Government Minister .
References
Members of the 8th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Sinhalese businesspeople
Sinhalese politicians
United National Party politicians
1919 births
2002 deaths
`` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow ) '' ( also known as `` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for a Hand in the Snow ) '' ) is a song by Yoko Ono that was originally released by Plastic Ono Band in October 1969 as the B-side of John Lennon 's single `` Cold Turkey '' and was later released on Ono 's 1971 album Fly . Several live versions have been released , including on Live Peace in Toronto 1969 and Some Time in New York City in 1972 . An early version was titled `` Mum 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow '' . It has been covered by several other artists .
Lyrics and music
`` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow ) '' was inspired by Lennon 's and Ono 's custody fight with Ono 's ex-husband Anthony Cox over Cox 's and Ono 's daughter Kyoko , representing Ono 's attempt to communicate with her daughter . Ono and Kyoko were finally reunited in the 1990s when Kyoko was in her thirties .
The lyrics of `` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow ) '' consist primarily of Ono wailing the phrase `` Do n't worry . '' On the live version included on Live Peace in Toronto 1969 the phrase `` mummy 's only looking for her hand in the snow '' is also included . The song is driven primarily by a blues-based guitar riff played by Lennon and Eric Clapton . John Blaney describes the riff as `` hypnotic . '' Authors Ken Bielen and Ben Urish write that Lennon and Clapton alternate between a `` lilting semi-slide '' groove and playing `` sniping bites . '' The other musicians on the studio version are Klaus Voormann on bass guitar and Ringo Starr on drums . According to Bielen and Urish , Starr 's drumming variations ensure that the tension keeps mounting . John Lennon claimed that the song was `` one of the fuckin ' best rock 'n ' roll records ever made . ''
Allmusic critic Ned Raggett describes Ono 's vocal as a `` screwy blues yowl , '' claiming that it suggests `` something off Led Zeppelin III gone utterly berserk . '' The New York Times critic Allan Kozinn compares Ono 's vocal to `` a wailing , overdriven electric guitar , '' claiming its virtuosity compares with the actual electric guitar playing of Lennon and Clapton . Rolling Stone Magazine contributor John Lewis describes it as a `` mournful caterwaul of despair . ''
The earliest recorded version of the song , titled `` Mum 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow '' was sung by Ono at Queen Charlotte 's Hospital while she was being observed during her pregnancy with Lennon 's child , a pregnancy that ended in a miscarriage . Lennon provides the sole accompaniment on acoustic guitar . This version was originally released by Aspen magazine and was later included as a bonus track on the CD reissue of the couple 's Wedding Album . The studio version released as a single and on Fly was recorded on October 3 , 1969 , at Lansdowne Studios in London . The single has the words `` PLAY LOUD '' written on the label , as does `` Cold Turkey '' on the other side .
Live versions
The version of `` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow ) '' included on Live Peace in Toronto 1969 was recorded at Varsity Stadium in Toronto , Canada on September 13 , 1969 . The Plastic Ono Band for that performance was assembled on short notice and included Ono , Lennon , Clapton , Voormann and Alan White on drums . After Lennon played some of his recent songs and rock 'n ' roll classics , Ono sang a two-song set consisting of `` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow ) '' followed by `` John John ( Let 's Hope for Peace ) . '' Audience reaction to her set was muted , and some booing was reported , more directed at `` John John '' than `` Do n't Worry Kyoko . '' John Blaney explains that the audience `` had come to listen to good ol ' rock 'n ' roll , not a Japanese woman screaming at the top of her voice , '' but `` one could at least get into the groove of 'Do n't Worry Kyoko . ' '' Chip Madinger and Mark Easter claim that despite the audience 's cold reception , the band `` did an admirable job '' backing Ono on the song . Ken Bielen and Ben Urish claim that the audience may have been startled by `` Ono 's full-throttle vocals and Lennon and Clapton 's hard core guitar sounds .
The version on Some Time in New York City was recorded at the Lyceum Ballroom in London on December 15 , 1969 at the `` Peace for Christmas '' Concert for UNICEF . In addition to the musicians who performed in Toronto , Billy Preston played keyboards , George Harrison played guitar , Keith Moon joined in on drums towards the end , and members of Delaney & Bonnie & Friends also performed . This version reportedly lasted 40 minutes , as the musicians became `` locked in the hypnotic riff , '' and was edited down to 15 minutes for the album release . Drummer Alan White recalls finally bringing the song to its conclusion by speeding up to the point where the other musicians could n't keep up , and then slowing the tempo down , allowing the song to end . Lennon claimed that the musicians on this version were `` inspired out of their skulls '' and that it was `` the most fantastic music [ he 'd ] ever heard . ''
Bielen and Urish describe this performance as `` vibrant '' , enhanced by the call and response between Ono 's vocal and the horn section , and claim that the finale was so `` hyped-up '' that even Ono had trouble keeping up . Lennon biographer Geoffery Giuliano and Moon biographer Tony Fletcher claim that half the audience walked out during the performance .
The Lennons played the song , backed by Jim Keltner on drums and Elephant 's Memory , at the matinee performance of the One to One benefit concerts at Madison Square Garden in New York City on August 30 , 1972 . These concerts were released as the Live in New York City album and video , but `` Do n't Worry Kyoko '' was not performed for the evening concert and was not included on either the album or video versions of Live in New York City .
In September 2005 , Ono performed the song as an encore to her performance at ArthurFest . Ono 's and Lennon 's son Sean Lennon led the band for that performance . Reviewing that performance , Los Angeles Times critic Steve Hochman claimed that `` the bleats and squalls for which Ono became famous/infamous were now expressions of a wide range of emotions as her band , led by her son Sean Lennon , pounded out primal art-blues . ''
Reception
Music critic Johnny Rogan considers `` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for Her Hand in the Snow ) '' to be `` arguably Yoko Ono 's finest recorded moment . ''
Authors Ken Bielen and Ben Urish praise the studio version as `` the standout inclusion on Fly , '' calling it `` an amazing achievement , '' particularly the guitar work of Lennon and Clapton , Starr 's `` slowly varying drum work '' and Ono 's vocal , which they call `` one of her most effective . '' The New York Times Kozinn calls the song a `` searing rocker . '' The Los Angeles Times Hochman describes the song as `` a raw , anguished cry from the soul . '' Author Bruce Pollock describes it as having `` frenzied glory . ''
The live version included on Some Time in New York City , Bielen and Urish call `` a stunning masterwork . '' Lewis finds this version to be `` astonishing , '' stating that Ono `` sounds remarkable : screaming , yelping , howling and ululating over a blues-funk jam .
Personnel
Yoko Ono – vocals
John Lennon – electric guitar
Eric Clapton – electric guitar
Klaus Voormann – bass guitar
Ringo Starr – drums
Cover versions
`` Do n't Worry Kyoko ( Mummy 's Only Looking for a Hand in the Snow ) '' has been recorded by other artists . The B-52 's recorded it on their `` Whammy ! '' LP , but it was removed and replaced with a new recording of `` There 's a Moon in the Sky '' on the UK pressing . All CD reissues have used the UK version , without formal explanation . Tater Totz released a 17-minute live version , recorded in San Francisco in 1989 , on their 1993 album Tater Comes Alive . A 27-minute version , recorded live in Los Angeles in 1988 , was included as a bonus track on the CD version of the album . They also released it on their 1988 album Alien Sleestacks from Brazil . Alan Decotes covered the song on his 2007 album Do n't Worry Rock N ' Roll . Donny Who Loved Bowling covered it on the 2005 album Tree Fort . Yo La Tengo covered it live on the radio in New Jersey and released it in 2006 on their album Yo La Tengo Is Murdering the Classics , a compilation of their live impromptu cover-song performances on the New Jersey freeform radio station WFMU .
References
Yoko Ono songs
Songs written by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by John Lennon
1969 singles
1969 songs
Apple Records singles
Songs about mothers
Songs about children
Songs about weather
Plastic Ono Band songs
Eric Arenas Centeno ( born June 3 , 1971 ) is a Peruvian slalom canoer who competed in the early 1990s . He finished 42nd in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1971 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Peru
Peruvian male canoeists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Rescapé Islands ( ) is a small group of rocky islands lying northwest of Cape Margerie along the Adélie Coast . Surveyed by the French Antarctic Expedition ( 1949–51 ) under Andre Liotard , and named in remembrance of an incident of the disembarkation at nearby Port Martin station , when a ship 's boat was carried away by the wind .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Adélie Land
Benjamin Cook Cubbage ( October 1 , 1895 – May 7 , 1961 ) was an American football player and coach of football and basketball . He served as the head football coach Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College and Polytechnic Institute ( VPI ) —now known as Virginia Tech—from 1921 to 1925 , compiled a record of 30–12–6 . Cubbage was also the head basketball coach at VPI for one season , in 1923–24 , tallying a mark of 5–13 .
After graduating from Central High School in Philadelphia , Cubbage played college football at Pennsylvania State University as an end and tackle . He played professionally as a guard for the Massillon Tigers of the `` Ohio League '' during the team 's 1919 season .
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
1895 births
1961 deaths
American football ends
American football guards
American football tackles
Basketball coaches from Pennsylvania
Massillon Tigers players
Penn State Nittany Lions football players
Sewanee Tigers football coaches
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
Virginia Tech Hokies men 's basketball coaches
Sportspeople from Philadelphia
Players of American football from Philadelphia
Kaya Magan Cissé or Kaya Maghan ( c. 700 ) was a Soninke king of Wagadou ( Ouagadou ) . He was the founder of the Cissé Tounkara dynasty which later dominated the Ghana Empire from the 8th century CE .
References
Soninke people
Ghana Empire
8th-century monarchs in Africa
African kings
The crested barbet ( Trachyphonus vaillantii ) ( 'trachys'=rough , 'phone'=voice , sound ' ) is a sub-Saharan bird in the Lybiidae family . Its specific name commemorates François Levaillant , a famed French naturalist .
Description
With its thick bill and very colourful plumage the crested barbet is unmistakable . This small bird has a speckled yellow and red face with a small black crest . The belly is yellow with red speckles , wings are black with white specks and it has a broad black band on its neck . Yellow head and body with black and white feathers , red markings on end of body , its colour blends well in the bush . They have a distinct trill .
Diet
The crested barbet feeds on insects , other birds ' eggs and fruits and sometimes mice .
Breeding
They nest in a hole in a tree or a log in a suburban garden . They are monogamous and territorial during breeding . Territory size varies according to their habitat . One to five eggs are laid at daily intervals between September to December . Incubation lasts between 13 and 17 days , beginning with the second or third egg and mainly by the female . The young hatch naked and blind . They are fed insects by both parents . Faecal material is removed regularly . They fledge after about 31 days . Up to five broods have been recorded in a breeding season .
Behaviour
They are found singly or in pairs . They like to bounce around on the ground looking for food , they usually call from a branch out in the open . They do not fly easily and then only for short distances . Crested barbets roost in holes in trees . They are very vocal , the call being a trill that can continue for long periods . Crested barbets are aggressive towards other birds in their territory and chase off both nest competitors such as other barbets and other birds such as doves and thrushes . They have also been recorded to have attacked rats and killed snakes .
Habitat
It is found in forests , savannah , suburban gardens , woodland thickets and watercourses in Angola , Botswana , Burundi , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , Rwanda , South Africa , Swaziland , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
References
External links
Crested Barbet - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
Growth and development of Crested Barbet Trachyphonus vaillantii nestlings
crested barbet
Birds of Southern Africa
crested barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gordon Tucker ( born 5 January 1968 ) is an English former professional footballer , who played for Derby County , Huddersfield Town , Scunthorpe United , Hyde United and Goole Town .
Playing career
Gordon Tucker started his career at Derby County on non-contract terms , he then moved to Huddersfield Town in 1987 . He made his debut against Plymouth Argyle in a 6–1 defeat , he was wearing the number 6 shirt . He was to make a further 21 starts and 6 sub appearances in Town 's worst ever season , the 1987–88 season . He was to make 35 appearances over two years at Leeds Road under Malcolm Macdonald and Eoin Hand , his last game in Town 's colours was against Bolton Wanderers on 1 May 1989 , Town lost 3–1 , he was wearing the number 5 shirt . He was to leave in 1989 for Scunthorpe United . He was to play 15 games at Glanford Park before moving to Goole in 1990 . His appearance data at Goole is unknown but he moved to Hyde United in the summer of 1994 . Tucker was to play 42 games in all competitions in the 1994–95 season . He did return to play for Hyde in February 1998 . He came on as a substitute in a game against Emley at The Welfare Ground , he was to then come on again as a substitute in the next game against Boston United . He then made another 9 starts , then was an unused substitute for the next three games , then his last appearance was as a substitute against Runcorn , it was also the last game of the 1997–98 season . However , he failed to live up to his first spell as a Hyde player . He left Hyde at the end of the season .
References
Thomas , Ian et al . ( 2007 ) . 99 Years and Counting : Stats and Stories . Huddersfield Town Football Club . .
1968 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Manchester
Association football defenders
Derby County F.C . players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
Scunthorpe United F.C . players
Goole Town F.C . players
Hyde United F.C . players
English Football League players
Sarah Corrigan ( born 1980 ) is an Australian international rugby union referee .
While going to Daramalan College in Canberra and playing rugby sevens , she decided to do a referee course , encouraged by her father . After the first appearance in a local under 11 's match in 1998 , Corrigan received the B.A.R . Trophy by the ACT Rugby Referee 's Association to the most improved senior referee in 2002 and became the first woman to officiate an ACT Premier Rugby First Grade match .
She got another record following her appointment for the 2006 Women 's Rugby World Cup third/fourth playoff between Canada and France , held on 17 September at Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton .
On 21 October 2007 she was awarded the 2007 IRB 's Women 's Personality of the Year at Pavillon d'Armenonville in Paris 's Allée de Longchamp for being the first female to referee at a male IRB tournament , when she took charge of the 2007 Under 19 Rugby World Championship match between Zimbabwe and Canada on 4 April at Queen 's University of Belfast .
Corrigan refereed the 2010 Women 's Rugby World Cup final between England and New Zealand , held at Twickenham Stoop on 5 September .
Notes
Australian rugby union referees
Living people
1980 births
Female rugby union referees
Australian female rugby union players
Australia women 's international rugby union players
ARU referees
Australian women referees and umpires
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Aanachandam is a 2006 Indian Malayalam language film directed by Jayaraj and starring Jayaram , Remya Nambeesan , Sai Kumar , Innocent , Cochin Haneefa , Salim Kumar anf Jagathy Sreekumar . It was released in 2006 . This film was a commercial success and critically acclaimed .. It ran for about 100 days in the central Kerala regions of Thrissur , Thripunithura and Ottappalam . It was the second highest-grossing Malayalam films of 2006 , though it was released along with the movie Classmates during Onam holidays that year .
Plot
Aanachandam is about Krishna Prasad who is crazy about elephants . When he was a ten-year-old , his father had taken him to the village temple to attend the festival . An elephant which ran amok during the festival knocked the boy over , placed his front foot on the lad 's chest , but then spared him .
His love for elephants started on that day . He started studying about elephants and their habits . His regular education suffered upsetting his people at home . He failed in several jobs in which elephants had a role to play . Debts began to mount . It is at this juncture that Gowri and her mother come to stay with him . He gives them shelter .
Anirudhan is the very opposite of what Krishna Prasad is . An owner of seven elephants , he has hardly any love for the animals and uses them only as a means to earn income .
Cast
Jayaram as Krishnaprasad
Remya Nambeesan as Gouri
Sai Kumar as Anirudhan
Innocent as Kochuraman
Jagathy Sreekumar as Inspector Minnal Babu Shahith
Cochin Haneefa as Pulikkathara
Salim Kumar as Aana paappan Manikandan
Jagadeesh as Santhosh , Krishna Prasad 's brother in law
KPAC Lalitha as Unniyamma
Machan Varghese as Blade Vasu
Ramu as Bharathan
Balachandran Chullikadu as Vishwanathan , Krishnaprasad 's elder brother
Madampu Kunjukuttan as Nattu Vaidhyan
Nedumbram Gopi as Chandrappan
Poornima Anand
Vijayan Peringode as Nadeshan Muthalalli
Mangalamkunnu Ganapathy as Mambully Arjunan/ vadakkepaattu arjunan ( Jayaram 's elephant )
Mangalamkunnu Ayyappan as Vadakkethala Balaraman ( sai kumar 's elephant )
Soundtrack
The film 's soundtrack contains 8 songs , all composed by Jaison J. Nair . Lyrics by Kanesh Punoor and P. C. Aravindan .
References
External links
2006 films
Films shot in Palakkad
Films shot in Thrissur
2000s Malayalam-language films
Séverine Caneele ( born 10 May 1974 ) is a Belgian film actress . She won the award for Best Actress at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival for the film L'humanité .
Filmography
L'humanité ( 1999 )
Une part du ciel ( 2002 )
Quand la mer monte ... ( 2004 )
Holy Lola ( 2004 )
Rodin ( 2017 )
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from West Flanders
Belgian film actresses
Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress winners
Mario Antonio Read Vittini ( 1926–2010 ) was a politician and diplomat from the Dominican Republic .
Biography
Mario Antonio Read Vittini was born in Hatillo , near San Cristóbal , on 15 May 1926 . From his father , he descends from William Augustus Read ( 1820–1887 ) , an American immigrant from Roxbury , Massachusetts of English and French descent , who married Dominga Rodríguez Isambert , a Dominican of partial French origin . His mother has Corsican ancestry .
Read Vittini became a Doctor of Law in 1948 . On 10 June 1952 he became First Secretary for Embassies and Legations .
In 1960 he sought political asylum in the Brazilian embassy and received asylum from the United States and exiled in New York , where he married Carmen Virginia Escobar . He returned to the Dominican Republic after the death of dictator Rafael Trujillo and became the Vice Presidential Candidate of the Democratic Revolutionary Nationalistic Party ( Partido Nacionalista Revolucionario Democrático ) in the 1962 Dominican Republic general election , despite he co-founded in that year the Social Christian Reformist Party ( PRSC ) . He favoured the coup against Juan Bosch in September 1963 .
During the Triumvirate , Read Vittini served as Secretary ( Minister ) of the Presidency . By 1966 the PRSC had split into three factions and Read Vittini was the leader of one of them : the right-wing party Christian Democratic Party ( PDC ) , which supported Joaquín Balaguer in the 1966 election , but Read declared himself in opposition to Balaguer early in 1968 .
Read served as Ambassador from the Dominican Republic to the United States from 1969 to 1970 . He later served as Legal consultant of the Executive Branch from 1986 until 1988 , when he was designated Secretary ( Minister ) of Labour .
He also served as the Dominican representative at the Inter-American Development Bank ( IDB ) , and as Governor of the Central Bank of the Dominican Republic from 18 August 1993 to 31 August 1994 with Eligio Bisonó Bisonó as his deputy governor .
Read died from pancreatic cancer on 20 July 2010 , aged 84 , at his home in Evaristo Morales , Ensanche Quisqueya , in the city of Santo Domingo .
Family tree
References
1926 births
2010 deaths
Ambassadors of the Dominican Republic to the United States
Governors of the Central Bank of the Dominican Republic
Deaths from cancer in the Dominican Republic
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Dominican Party politicians
Dominican Republic diplomats
20th-century Dominican Republic lawyers
Dominican Republic people of Basque descent
Dominican Republic people of Canarian descent
Dominican Republic people of English descent
Dominican Republic people of European American descent
Dominican Republic people of French descent
Government ministers of the Dominican Republic
People from San Cristóbal , Dominican Republic
Social Christian Reformist Party politicians
Somatochlora graeseri is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae . It is found in Asia , where it occurs in Japan ( Hokkaido and northern Honshu ) , Korea , northern China , and Russia ( Siberia west to foothills of the Ural Mountains ) .
References
Corduliidae
Insects described in 1887
The Kickflip , produced by VK Mobile , was one of Helio 's two launch devices and was marketed heavily to MySpace users . The Kickflip is a swiveling cell phone , white in color and with a flat ( screen-only ) front . Some of the features included 2-megapixel camera , 90 minutes of video recording , side buttons , QVGA screen , and 8 day stand by/3 hour talk time battery life . Reviewers at PC Magazine and Infosync lauded the phones design aspects , but noted the lack of bluetooth capabilities and a wide range of bugs in the phone applications which affected the basic functionality of the phone .
References
Helio ( wireless carrier )
Personal digital assistants
Bhaleshwor Mahadev ( ) is a Hindu temple located in Chandragiri hill in south-west side of Kathmandu Valley . It is dedicated to Lord Shiva . It is located at the altitude of 2551 meters above sea level . The temple was built by Chandragiri Hills on the historic and religious site . The temple was designed by the architect Shankar Nath Rimal . The temple is connected to the Kathmandu valley by a cable car .
Mythological significance
It is believed that Sati Devi , first consort of Shiva , sacrificed her own life at Daksha Prajapati 's yagna after Daksha insulted Shiva in front of other deities . Shiva , enraged with Sati Devi 's death , carried her dead body on his back and walked across the world in rage . Shiva , blinded by rage , did not realize that Sati Devi 's decaying body was falling apart . Sati Devi 's body parts fell down to different parts of the world . Pilgrimages were later established at these sites . Bhaleshwor Mahadev temple is believed to have been built at one of these sites , where Sati Devi 's forehead ( 'Bhala ' ) had fallen .
In Nepal Bhasa the hill is known as Gon : ga Danda ( it is converted its name from Gon : ga means bhalay ( Nepali ) and Danda means hills ) . It is also known as Ichheshwor Mahadev .
Historical significance
The hill on which the temple is situated is related to the unification of Nepal campaign . On his way back to Gorkha from his in-laws in Makwanpur , Prithvi Narayan Shah had planned to make Kathmandu Valley the capital of a unified Nepal for the first time from Chandragiri hill .
Temple complex
The temple complex also consists of idols of multiple Hindu gods and goddesses . There is a view tower , restaurant , food stalls , gift stores , banquet , 3D hall as well as an amusement park for children near the temple on the hill .
Gallery
See also
Gokarneshwor Mahadev temple
Doleshwor Mahadeva Temple
Kailashnath Mahadev Statue
References
Hindu temples in Bagmati Province
18th-century establishments in Nepal
The Idolmaster KR ( stylized The IDOLM @ STER.KR ) is a South Korean television drama based on Bandai Namco Entertainment 's The Idolmaster video game series . It premiered on Amazon Prime Video on April 28 , 2017 as an Amazon original series . It ran for 24 episodes .
The series was later picked up by the SBS-owned pay TV channels SBS Plus , SBS funE , and SBS MTV . It premiered on these channels on April 28 , 2017 .
Cast
Real Girls Project
Lee Su-ji ( 이수지 ) as Suji/Suah
Heo Youngjoo ( 허영주 ) as Youngjoo
Sori ( 김소리 ) as Sori
Yukika Teramoto ( 寺本來可 / 테라모토유키카 ) as Yukika
Kwon Ha-seo ( 권하서 ) as Haseo
Lee Jee-won ( 이지원 ) as Jeewon
Jung Tae-ri ( 정태리 ) as Taeri
Mint ( 민트 ) as Mint
Lee Ye-eun ( 이예은 ) as Yeeun
Cha Ji-seul ( 차지슬 ) as Jiseul
Chun Jane ( 천재인 ) as Jane
Red Queen
Jo So-jin as Hyeju
Kim Sun-young as Mina
Han Hye-ri as Yeri
Lee Ka-eun as Chae Na-kyung
825 Entertainment
Sung Hoon as Kang Shin-hyuk , the former Producer of Red Queen .
Park Chul-min as Shim Min-chul , CEO of 825 Entertainment .
Kang Ye-seul as Yeseul , the girls ' manager at 825 Entertainment .
Other characters
Heo Joungjoo as Joungjoo , Youngjoo 's younger sister who is a singer-songwriter .
Lee Coco as Coco , an internet broadcast MC .
Jin Nayoung as Nayoung , Sori 's friend .
Bae Seul-ki as Kim Dan-oh , a composer and vocal trainer .
Cameo
Kim Jung-ah as vocal training judge
Jung Tae-woo
Euna Kim as a rapper
Gowoon ( Berry Good ) as Bom-yi
Jung Hee-chul ( ZE : A ) as Haseo 's brother
Lee Moo-saeng as Chief Yang
Production
On October 13 , 2016 , The Idolmaster KR official website posted a notice of a member replacement ; an original member of Real Girl Project , Hanabyul , had been replaced by sub-member Jiseul for the series , as Hanabyul was noted to have suffered from a leg injury . One month later , it was revealed that After School 's Lee Ka-eun , Nine Muses ' Sojin , Tahiti 's Ari and I.B.I 's Han Hye-ri would be joining the cast as members of 'Red Queen ' , a popular girl group at the time of Real Girl Project 's debut , in the live-action series .
Soundtrack
Korean releases
OST Part 1
OST Part 2
OST Part 3
OST Part 4
Japanese releases
Episode 1
Episode 2
Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 5
Discography
Singles
Notes
References
External links
The Idolmaster KR at SBS.co.kr
The Idolmaster KR at Amazon Prime Video
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
KR
Works based on Bandai Namco video games
2017 South Korean television series debuts
Amazon Prime Video original programming
2017 South Korean television series endings
South Korean musical television series
Live action television shows based on video games
Batrachorhina paralateritia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1970 . It is known from Madagascar .
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1970
Our Tampines Hub ( abbreviated as OTH ) is an integrated community and lifestyle building in Tampines , Singapore . It is located on the grounds of the former Tampines Stadium and Tampines Sports Hall and is part of the development of the Tampines Regional Centre .
Built based on feedback from 15,000 residents living in the vicinity , the complex was officially opened by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on 6 August 2017 . The current multi-purpose complex replaced the former Tampines Stadium , Tampines Sports Hall , Tampines Swimming Complex , the Housing and Development Board ( HDB ) Tampines Branch Office and the Tampines Regional Library , housing them under one roof .
History
Our Tampines Hub occupies the grounds of the former sports facilities of Tampines Stadium and Tampines Sports Hall , which was opened in December 1989 in conjunction with the adjacent Tampines Swimming Complex . This coincided with the HDB 's plan for opening sporting facilities new housing estates in the late eighties . Tampines Stadium was also the home stadium of the S-League Tampines Rovers Football Club .
Plans for a new proposed integrated lifestyle town hub development to be built on the site of Tampines Stadium and Tampines Sports Hall were unveiled on 21 January 2011 , and was part of the Tampines Masterplan for 2011–2015 .
On 11 May 2013 , a groundbreaking ceremony led by Members of Parliament for Tampines GRC was held at the former Tampines Stadium for what was to be for an integrated-community and sports facility on what was then known as Tampines Town Hub . By July that year , Tampines Stadium had been completely demolished . Construction commenced on 1 June 2014 .
The official name of `` Tampines Town Hub '' was unveiled as Our Tampines Hub on 30 August 2015 with more than 2,000 residents in attendance . Residents also received updates and progress on the features and facilities offered . Residents also had a chance to vote and decide on the hub 's logo . OTH opened in three stages , becoming fully operational on 6 August 2017 .
Facilities
The building houses six different swimming pools that satisfy families as well as sportspeople , one of which is the largest rooftop pool in Singapore . It also houses a playground and the Tampines Regional Library .
Public Services Centre
OTH features a Public Services Centre , where residents have access to government services and assistance at a common location . It houses a 24/7 e-service lobby offering services from six different agencies : namely People 's Association , North East Community Development Council , Housing Development Board , Workforce Singapore , Ministry of Social and Family Development , and ActiveSG .
Town Square
Formerly known as Tampines Stadium , the main feature of OTH , the Town Square is a 5,100 seater stadia with a FIFA-endorsed `` 2 Star Quality Pro football pitch '' . The artificial turf can be used for both football and rugby matches , and also for other community events .
After 6 years of vacating Tampines Stadium for the construction of OTH , Tampines Rovers Football Club returned to their home ground with much fanfare . The pitch saw its first football match in July 2017 , with Tampines Rovers beating Brunei DPMM , 2–0 . Tampines Rovers temporarily played at Clementi Stadium and Jurong West Stadium while OTH was under construction .
In 2019 , Geylang International FC moved to OTH and shared the stadium as home ground for the club also .
References
2017 establishments in Singapore
Sports venues in Singapore
Football venues in Singapore
Tampines
Shopping malls in Singapore
Multi-purpose stadiums in Singapore
Singapore Premier League venues
Zatrephes variegata is a moth in the family Erebidae . It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909 . It is found in French Guiana , Venezuela and Brazil .
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Kerem Kamal ( born 10 August 1999 ) is a Turkish wrestler competing in the 60 kg division of Greco-Roman wrestling . He is a member of İzmir BB GSK He won the gold medal in the 60 kg event at the 2022 European Wrestling Championships held in Budapest , Hungary .
Career
In 2018 , he won the gold medal in the men 's 60 kg event at the European U23 Wrestling Championship held in Istanbul , Turkey . In that same year , he also won one of the bronze medals in that event at the 2018 World U23 Wrestling Championship held in Bucharest , Romania .
In 2020 , he won the silver medal in the 60 kg event at the European Wrestling Championships held in Rome , Italy . A year earlier , he won one of the bronze medals in this event .
In March 2021 , he qualified at the European Qualification Tournament to compete at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan . He competed in the men 's 60 kg event where he was eliminated in his first match .
In November 2021 , he won one of the bronze medals in that event at the 2021 U23 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade , Serbia .
He won the gold medal in the 60 kg event at the 2022 European Wrestling Championships held in Budapest , Hungary . He also won the gold medal in the 60 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran , Algeria .
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
Sportspeople from Manisa
Turkish male sport wrestlers
European Games competitors for Turkey
Wrestlers at the 2019 European Games
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic wrestlers of Turkey
1999 births
European Wrestling Champions
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in wrestling
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
20th-century Turkish people
21st-century Turkish people
Mirei may refer to any of the following :
Nonyma mirei , a beetle species
Rhabdotis mirei , a dung beetle
Mirei Kiritani , a Japanese actress
Mirei Sasaki , a Japanese idol and model
Mirei Shigemori , a modern Japanese landscape architect
Mirei Shikishima , a fictional character in Valkyrie Drive- Mermaid
Woodland Sketches is a ballet made by Robert La Fosse to Edward MacDowell 's eponymous music from 1896 for New York City Ballet 's American Music Festival . The premiere took place on Thursday , May 5 , 1988 , at New York State Theater , Lincoln Center .
Original cast
Valentina Kozlova
Stephanie Saland
Stacy Caddell
Darci Kistler
Leonid Kozlov
Cornel Crabtree
Kipling Houston
Lindsay Fischer
Reviews
NY Times review by Anna Kisselgoff , May 7 , 1988
NY Times review by Bernard Holland , May 9 , 1988
NY Times review by Anna Kisselgoff , May 22 , 1988
References
New York City Ballet repertory
New York City Ballet American Music Festival
1988 ballet premieres
Ballets to the music of Edward MacDowell
Ballets by Robert La Fosse
Achante Bharya ( ) is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film directed and produced by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair . It is a remake of the Tamil film Chitthi . The film stars Adoor Bhasi , K. P. Ummer , Ragini and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair . The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy .
Cast
Adoor Bhasi as Contractor Karunakaran Nair
K. P. Ummer as Vijayan
Ragini as Thangamma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Jose Prakash as Rajan
Sindhu
Baby Bindu
Baby Indira
Baby Shanthi
Baby Uma
Baby Vijaya
Bahadoor as Balan Nair
Kayyalam
Master Raju
Meena as Adoor Bhasi 's Mother
Menon
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Thikkurissi 's Son
Pala Thankam as Ragini 's Mother
Vijayasree as Omana
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Irayimman Thampi .
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam remakes of Tamil films
Films directed by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Chakkiligintha ( ) is a 2014 Indian Telugu film starring Sumanth Ashwin and Chandini Sreedharan . The director was Vema Reddy from Sukumar school of direction .
Plot
Adi and Avantika or Avi study in the same college . Adi is a love guru and advises boys not to express their love for girlfriends until they reveal their true feelings . On the other side Avi learns that Adi is the person behind the sudden change in the boys and challenges that she will make Adi to fall in love with her . Did she succeed in her challenge , what did Adi do as his part is the crux of the
Adi comes up with a new concept , why should girls have all the fun ? He lectures his friends that instead of them running around the girls , it should be the other way round . He sells his theory . The girls , understandably , are taken aback with the boys ignoring them . They feel miserable . If Adi 's got a concept that 's changed the nature of the boys , Avi comes up with an idea to counter that concept . The girls pin their hopes on Avi , and eventually with her plans working out , the boys once again behave like boys , running after them and doing their bidding .
Adi and Avi throw a challenge at each other . Adi will behave like Avi is his girlfriend and Avi too will consider him as her boyfriend . Avi will try to make Adi express his love for her and Adi tells her he will never ever do that .
Smart as she proves to be , Avi is clearly winning at every stage . And one day , it happens in front of everyone . Adi declares his love for Avi . He accepts that his concept has failed and it is not right for boys to expect that it should be girls who should be the first ones to express their love . But Adi gets a shock . Avi tells him that she does not love him and her only purpose in moving around with him was to prove that his concept was wrong .
Avi goes back to her hometown Visakhapatnam but Adi follows her from Hyderabad . Avi 's wedding is fixed with another boy as she consents to the proposal that her parents bring . What will Adi do ?
Cast
Sumanth Ashwin as Adi
Rehhana as Avantika `` Avi ''
Sudigali Sudheer as Bar Waiter
Madhunandan
Viva Harsha
Soundtrack
The Music was composed by Mickey J. Meyer and Released by Shreyas Music .
References
External links
2010s Telugu-language films
Stará Turá ( , ) is a town in the Trenčín Region in western Slovakia .
Geography
It is located in the Myjava Hills close to the Little Carpathians as well as the White Carpathians . It is situated from Nové Mesto nad Váhom to the west , from Myjava to the east and around from Bratislava to the north and has a population of 8,832 ( 2018 ) with an area of .
History
The first written record about Stará Turá was in 1392 , as a village belonging to the Čachtice Castle . It was part of it until feudalism ceased to exist in the Austro-Hungarian Empire , the Kingdom of Hungary .
In 1467 , Matthias Corvinus promoted Stará Turá to the servile town ( oppidum ) , boosting the town 's economy . In 1848 , the town was nearly destroyed by fire .
It is mentioned in the popular folk song Teče Voda , Teče .
Demographics
According to the 2001 census , the town had 10,291 inhabitants . 97.4 % of inhabitants were Slovaks , 1.7 % Czechs and 0.2 % Roma . The religious make-up was 45.5 % Lutherans , 27.3 % Roman Catholics and 23.6 % people with no religious affiliation .
Notable people
Viliam Vagač ( 1909–1970 ) , SDB , Roman Catholic priest and religious prisoner ( sentenced to 18 years in prison ) .
Twin towns – sister cities
Stará Turá is twinned with :
Kunovice , Czech Republic
References
External links
Town website
Cities and towns in Slovakia
Gregory Paul Kramer ( born 14 October 1952 , in Los Angeles , California ) , is a composer , researcher , inventor , meditation teacher and author . In 1975 he co-founded Electronic Musicmobile , a pioneer synthesizer ensemble later renamed Electronic Art Ensemble , in which Kramer was a musician and the principal composer . His pioneering work extended to developing synthesizer and related equipment . Kramer also co-founded the not-for-profit arts organization Harvestworks in New York City . He is recognized as the founding figure of the intensely cross-disciplinary field of data sonification . Since 1980 , Kramer teaches Buddhist meditation . He is credited as co-founder of Insight Dialogue , an interpersonal meditation practice . Kramer is the author of several books in diverse fields , as well as ( co- ) author of scientific papers in the field of data sonification .
Career
Musician/composer
From 1975 , Kramer was a founding member of Electronic Musicmobile , an electronic music touring ensemble . Its three members performed using only synthesizers ; Kramer figured as director . In 1979 , the group was renamed Electronic Art Ensemble and its line-up expanded to four . From then on , the group also used instruments other than synthesizers , modifying their sounds electronically . The aims of Electronic Musicmobile were to explore a new timbral and gestural language for music , and to expose a wider portion of the population to electronic music . To this end , the ensemble toured the Northeastern part of the United States for 6 consecutive years . Performances featured music composed by Kramer and other members of the ensemble , as well as contemporary American composers . Some performances featured demonstrations of capabilities of contemporary synthesizers .
In 1976 , Kramer co-founded the Public Access Synthesizer Studio ( PASS ) in New York City , where anyone could use various contemporary synthesizers for $ 3 per hour . The studio also hosted seminars and performances on synthesizers and electronic music and featured a design file and tape library .
In 1977 , to support PASS and its various programs , Kramer co-founded Harvestworks , a not-for-profit arts organization located in New York City dedicated to providing access to the knowledge and tools of music technology through education programs , publications , artist assistance , and music and sound art presentation projects . He remains as the Chair Emeritus of Harvestworks .
Inventor
In 1973 , Kramer founded and since managed Electron Farm , a company that built and sold Buchla 100 synthesizers in New York City . Through his company Clarity , founded in 1981 , Kramer conceived and developed the Lexicon MRC ( MIDI Remote Control ) . This product won the 1989 TEC Award for Technical Excellence ( Ancillary Equipment ) .
Kramer collaborated with Robert Moog , who since 1970 had been working on a keyboard controller that would respond to human touch . In 1993 , Moog reduced his involvement in the project , stating that “ I 've given them to Eaton and to one other artist , Gregory Kramer , an experimental composer [ … ] ” . Moog continued working with Kramer until his death in 2005 , < and Kramer continues to work on the project with a team of engineers .
Science
As a member of the Santa Fe Institute , Kramer organized the first International Conference on Auditory Display in 1992 . He subsequently established and became the first president of the International Community for Auditory Display ( ICAD ) , a non-profit corporation dedicated to supporting the development of auditory display research and community formation . Kramer edited the Proceedings , which remains possibly the most oft-cited publication in the field .
Buddhist teacher
Kramer has been teaching meditation worldwide since 1980 . He teaches vipassana meditation , dharma contemplation , Insight Dialogue , and relational Buddhist psychology at retreats , and in universities worldwide . In 1995 he co-founded the Metta Foundation in Portland , Oregon , a non-profit corporation dedicated to supporting the growth and development of insight meditation and the teachings of the Buddha as they manifest in our current society , and for which he functions as a meditation teacher , author , and director . In 2020 , the Metta Foundation supported the formation of the Insight Dialogue Community , in which Kramer remains involved as a Founding Teacher . His meditation practice since 1974 has included studies with a number of esteemed monastics , including Anagarika Dhammadinna , Ven . Balangoda Ananda Maitreya Mahanayaka Thero , Achan Sobin S. Namto and Ven . Punnaji Mahathera .
Kramer graduated from the California Institute of the Arts ( BFA , Music Composition , 1972 ) and New York University ( MA , Music Composition , 1977 ) . He was a Assistant Professor of Composition in the Music Department of NYU , from 1975 to 1979 . He holds a Ph.D. in Learning and Change in Human Systems from the California Institute of Integral Studies . He is married and the father of three grown sons . He lives in Orcas , Washington where he remains focused on writing , training teachers , and living a contemplative life .
Bibliography ( selection )
Discography
Electronic Art Ensemble – Inquietude ( 1982 ) . Gramavision – GR 7003
Kramer-Angus Duo — KAD ( 2004 ) . Dolce Sfogato
Patents
Digital Signal Processor for Providing Timbral Change in Arbitrary Audio Signals ( 1991 )
Digital Signal Processor for Providing Timbral Change in Arbitrary Audio and Dynamically Controlled Stored Digital Audio Signals ( 1991 )
Sonification System using Auditory Beacons as References for Comparison and Orientation in Data ( 1994 )
References
External links
Insight dialogue
Kramer website
American composers
1952 births
Living people
The Ford Customline is an automobile model that was sold between 1952 and 1956 by Ford in North America .
First generation ( 1952–1954 )
1952
The Ford Customline was introduced in 1952 as the mid-range model in that year 's US Ford range , positioned below the Ford Crestline and above the Ford Mainline . It was offered in 2-door sedan , 4-door sedan , 2-door coupé & 4-door station wagon body styles . The coupe was marketed as the Club Coupe and the station wagon as the Customline Country Sedan . 1952 Customlines were available with inline six-cylinder or V8 engines . Production totaled 402,542 units .
1953
The 1953 Customlines continued the 1952 bodies with only minor changes . Production totaled 761,662 units .
1954
The 1954 Customlines used the 1952-53 bodies with only minor changes . The Customline range now included a new 2-door Ranch Wagon . Engines were now inline six-cylinder or overhead valve V8 . 1954 Customline production totaled 674,295 units .
Second generation ( 1955–1956 )
1955
The 1955 Customline was redesigned with new longer , lower and wider bodies . It continued as the mid range trim level , now positioned below the new Ford Fairlane and above the Ford Mainline . It was offered in 2-door sedan and 4-door sedan body styles only , with the wagons now included in their own series which comprised the Ford Ranch Wagon , Ford Country Sedan and Ford Country Squire . Customlines were available with inline six-cylinder or V8 engines . 1955 Customline production totaled 471,992 units .
1956
The 1956 Customlines utilized the 1955 bodies with only minor changes . A Customline Victoria 2-door hardtop was added to the range . 1956 Customline production totaled 368,653 units , and was manufactured in several branch assembly plants the company had continued to operate in the United States .
The Customline was not carried over to the 1957 model year .
Australian production
The Customline was also produced by Ford Australia from 1952 to 1959 . Cars were assembled using Australian built bodies and imported chassis kits which included all front sheet metal . In addition to the Customline sedan , a limited number of station wagons and the Australian developed Mainline Coupe Utility were produced .
The 1952 model was updated in 1953 and 1954 along the lines of the US Fords . All were powered by the Flathead V8 which went into Australian production in 1952 . This included the 1954 model which was fitted with the older engine rather than the new overhead valve Y-block V8 which had been introduced in the US for 1954 .
The 1955 body was used for four model series in Australia . The 1955 model was powered by the overhead valve Y-block V8 which had entered partial Australian production with locally sourced components . The 1956 model featured the 1956 US Customline grille , 12 volt electrics and a new Fordomatic automatic transmission option . The 1957 model retained the 1956 body but featured a large V8 badge positioned in the grille and utilized 1956 Ford Fairlane trim . The 1958 model used the 1955 Canadian Meteor grille with a four-pointed star and 1956 Meteor side trim . The 1958 ‘ star model ' was badged as either a Customline or as a Fordomatic Production ended in September 1959 with the introduction of Australian assembled 1959 Fairlane 500 , Custom 300 and Ranch Wagon models . An estimated 18,000 examples of the 1955-1959 sedan were produced .
See also
1952 Ford
1955 Ford
References
Customline
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Cars of Australia
Audiovision was a Swedish metal band .
Audiovision may also refer to :
Audio description , descriptive video , narration added to films for the sight-impaired
Audiovision , simultaneous use of separate audio and visual media in distance learning
Audiovisión , a 2010 album by the Chilean singer-songwriter Gepe
Audio-Visions , a 1980 album by American progressive rock band Kansas
Audio Visions , XM Satellite Radio channel
Apple AudioVision 14 Display
AudioVision CD
David Dziurzynski ( born October 6 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Kansas City Mavericks in the ECHL . He previously played with the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Playing career
Dziurzynski , who played junior in the British Columbia Hockey League with the Alberni Valley Bulldogs , was signed by the Ottawa Senators on April 6 , 2010 as an undrafted free agent to a three-year contract .
At training camp in 2010 , Dziurzynski made the roster of the Senators ' American Hockey League ( AHL ) affiliate Binghamton Senators . He was a member of the 2011 AHL Calder Cup championship squad . Dziurzynski returned to Binghamton for the 2011–12 and 2012–13 seasons . Dziurzynski made his NHL debut , playing for Ottawa in Toronto against the Toronto Maple Leafs on February 16 , 2013 . Three days later he scored his first NHL goal against Rick DiPietro of the New York Islanders . And on February 25 scored his second against Carey Price of the Montreal Canadiens . On March 6 , 2013 , he was knocked out by a punch in a fight against the Toronto Maple Leafs ' Frazer McLaren resulting in a concussion that kept him from playing for over 10 days . Dziurzynski was reassigned to Binghamton later that month .
The Ottawa Senators later re-signed Dziurzynski to a one-year , two-way contract on July 10 , 2013 . On July 3 , 2014 the Senators re-signed Dziurzynski to a two-year , two-way contract .
After 6 seasons within the Senators organization , Dziurzynski left as a free agent to sign a one-year contract abroad with German club , Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga on July 27 , 2016 .
Personal
Dziurzynski 's younger brother , Darian , was selected by the Arizona Coyotes in the fifth round of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft .
Career statistics
Awards and honors
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Alberni Valley Bulldogs players
Belleville Senators players
Binghamton Senators players
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Florida Everblades players
Iserlohn Roosters players
Kansas City Mavericks players
Sportspeople from Lloydminster
Lloydminster Bobcats players
Ottawa Senators players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Utica Comets players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Jake Wesley Rogers is an American pop musician and songwriter .
Early life
Rogers grew up in Ozark , Missouri , where he learned to play the guitar at age 6 and began playing piano and voice training at age 12 . Rogers began performing in theater productions in 5th grade and writing songs soon thereafter . At a young age he attended formative concerts for artists like Lady Gaga and Nelly Furtado . Rogers came out as gay in 6th grade , and though his family was supportive he felt he had to hide his orientation due to the cultural climate in his hometown .
Rogers moved to Nashville at age 18 to study songwriting at Belmont University . In his first year Rogers ' live performance attracted the interest of Sony/ATV , resulting in a publishing deal . Rogers graduated in 2018 .
Career
2016–2020 : Early career
Rogers began releasing music independently in 2016 , leading to his debut EP Evergreen in June 2017 . After releasing his next two singles `` Jacob from the Bible '' and `` Little Queen '' in February and March 2019 respectively , Rogers released his sophomore EP Spiritual in April 2019 , followed by a European tour and a performance on BBC Radio 4 that fall .
In November 2020 , Rogers was featured on the Happiest Season soundtrack executive produced by Justin Tranter , alongside a slate of other LGBTQ songwriters and artists .
2021–present : Warner Records signing
In May 2021 , it was revealed that Rogers had signed to Warner Records via Tranter 's imprint Facet Records . Rogers ' manager Lucas Canzona got Tranter 's attention in 2019 with an email highlighting a live performance of Rogers ' single `` Jacob from the Bible '' . Tranter brought Rogers to the attention of Warner Records CEO and co-chairman Aaron Bay-Schuck , who was `` captivated '' by Rogers ' live performance , and the two signed Rogers in late 2020 . Rogers released his debut major label single `` Middle of Love '' alongside the announcement . The single , which was co-written with Tranter and Eren Cannata , is the first offering from Rogers ' forthcoming 2021 EP . Rogers released his next single `` Momentary '' in June 2020 .
Rogers made his TV debut on October 5 , 2021 on The Late Late Show with James Corden ( Season 7 , Episode 17 ) , performing the song “ Middle of Love ” . Rogers will appear as an opening act on Ben Platt 's Reverie Tour in September and October 2022 . Rogers will also appear as an opening act on Panic ! At the Disco 's Viva Las Vengeance Tour in September and October 2022 .
Discography
EPs
Singles
References
External links
Official website
Living people
America 's Got Talent contestants
American male singer-songwriters
American gay musicians
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Belmont University alumni
Warner Records artists
Singer-songwriters from Missouri
LGBT singers from the United States
LGBT people from Missouri
English Electric 's K , RK and V type diesel engines were manufactured by the English Electric company of the United Kingdom for stationary , rail transport and maritime use between 1934 and 1968 .
History
Initially , the `` K '' type engine developed in the 1930s were offered in I4 , I6 , I7 and I8 variants , had 2-valve cylinder heads and ran at 600-680rpm . In 1940 , turbocharging became an option , boosting power output by about 61 % .
Due to the demand of more power , the Mark I `` RK '' ( Revised K ) and `` V '' type were introduced in 1947 . The `` V '' type were built in V8 , V12 and V16 configurations .
In 1951 , the engines received 4-valve cylinder heads , thus creating Mark II `` RK '' and `` V '' types which ran at 750-900rpm . Intercooling was now optional , adding a `` C '' to the engine designation should it be equipped . More revisions saw the creation of the Mark III engines in 1962 .
Unlike other comparable engines ( and unusually for its size ) , EE used timing chains instead of timing gears . This was changed in 1968 with the introduction of the RK3 series by Ruston-Paxman after the demise of EE in the same year .
Nomenclature
4 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 12 , 16 - Cylinder count
C - Intercooler
S - Supercharged ( actually turbocharged )
K , RK , V - Engine type
M , T - Intended purpose
M - Maritime
T - Rail Traction
Variants
References
Diesel locomotive engines
English Electric locomotives
Engines by maker
Jacklow is a village in the Pomeroon-Supenaam Region of Guyana . The village is mainly inhabited by Indo-Guyanese and Amerindian people . Jacklow is situated on the Pomeroon River .
History
From 1838 onwards , indentured servants from India were brought to British Guiana to work on the plantations . They were contracted to serve for five years , however many discovered that it was difficult to return home . In the mid-19th century , many sugar estates went out of business , leading to unemployment and homelessness . The Pomeroon River had been settled in the Dutch colonial times , however the upstream area was a swampy area which was never cultivated . The Tacoordeen family were the first to settle in Jacklow . In 1860 , the Anglican pastor Jacklowe built a shed in the village for missionary purposes .
Mohamed Sarafraz , an indentured labourer , settled in Jacklow and started to construct a masjid ( mosque ) in the village . In 1912 , the Jacklow Masjid opened measuring by and was constructed using manicole wood . The mosque served a large area , and developed into a tourist destination for visiting muslims . In 2019 , the mosque was renovated and recommissioned .
In 2021 , Jacklow and surrounding area was affected by severe flooding of the Pomeroon River .
Overview
The economy of Jacklow is based on farming and boat construction . The village has a primary school , but secondary education and health care is offered in Charity . The village has access to free Wi-Fi . Jacklow has no road connection and can only be reached via the Pomeroon River from Charity .
Notable people
Isahak Basir ( 1935–2019 ) , historian and member of parliament .
References
Indian diaspora in Guyana
Populated places in Pomeroon-Supenaam
Potato Hole is a 2009 album by Booker T. Jones , recorded with Drive-By Truckers as the backing band and guitar accompaniment by Neil Young .
On January 31 , 2010 , Potato Hole won the Best Pop Instrumental Album award at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards . The track `` Warped Sister '' was also nominated , for Best Rock Instrumental Performance , but that award went to Jeff Beck for `` A Day in The Life '' .
Track listing
All tracks written by Booker T. Jones ; except as noted .
`` Pound It Out '' – 4:18
`` She Breaks '' – 4:22
`` Hey Ya ! '' ( André 3000 ) – 3:53
`` Native New Yorker '' – 3:47
`` Nan '' – 2:08
`` Warped Sister '' – 4:47
`` Get Behind the Mule '' ( Tom Waits , Kathleen Brennan ) – 4:10
`` Reunion Time '' – 3:49
`` Potato Hole '' – 6:50
`` Space City '' ( Mike Cooley , Brad Morgan , Jason Isbell , Patterson Hood , Shonna Tucker ) – 5:38
Personnel
Booker T. – organ , guitars ( 1 , 5 , 8 )
Mike Cooley – guitars
Patterson Hood – guitars
John Neff – guitars , pedal steel guitar
Neil Young – guitars
Shonna Tucker – bass
Brad Morgan – drums
Lucy Castro – percussion
Technical
Andy Kaulkin – executive producer
Doug Boehm – engineer
Jason Thrasher – photography
References
2009 albums
Booker T. Jones albums
Anti- ( record label ) albums
Albums produced by Rob Schnapf
Albums produced by Booker T. Jones
Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Instrumental Album
Neil Young
Garry or Gary Jennings may refer to :
Gary Jennings ( author ) ( 1928–1999 ) , American novelist
Garry Jennings , English rock guitarist active since 1985
Gary Jennings ( athlete ) ( born 1972 ) , English Olympic hurdler
Gary Jennings Jr. ( born 1997 ) , American football wide receiver
Haplogroup E-M329 or E1b1a2 is a haplogroup , a group of similar haplotypes that share a common ancestor with a single-nucleotide polymorphism mutation . It is defined by the SNP mutation M329 . The majority of the cases observed have been found in East Africa . It has been found in ancient DNA isolated from a 4,500 year old Ethiopian fossil called Mota . This haplogroup is frequent in Southwestern Ethiopia , especially among Omotic-speaking populations . Semino et al . ( 2004 ) found 2 Ethiopian Oromo in a study of > 2400 individuals , including 78 Oromo . Cadenas et al . ( 2007 ) found 1 case in Qatar , out of 72 people tested there in that study .
Genetics
Notes
References
Human Y-DNA haplogroups
The 1953–54 Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1953–54 college men 's basketball season .
Roster
B. H. Born
Dallas Dobbs
Allen Kelley
Hal Patterson
Larry Davenport
Bill Brainard
Bill Heitholt
Harold McElroy
Gary Padgett
John Anderson
Jerry Alberts
Jack Wolfe
Chris Divich
LaVannes Squires
Jim Toft
Len Martin
Bob Crisler
Schedule
Rankings
References
Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Toelgyfaloca albogrisea is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Rudolf Mell in 1942 . It is found in the Chinese provinces of Jiangxi , Hunan , Fujian , Guangdong and Sichuan .
References
Moths described in 1942
Thyatirinae
Domenico Carretti ( c. 1650-c. 1719 ) was an Italian painter , born in Bologna , and active mainly at Brescia . He painted a Virgin with the Infant Jesus and St. Theresa for the church of San Pietro in Oliveto in Brescia .
References
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Painters from Bologna
Painters from Brescia
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
The 2012 South Lakeland District Council election was held on 3 May 2012 to elect members of South Lakeland District Council in Cumbria , England . One third of the council was up for election , having been elected `` all out '' in 2008 and `` in thirds '' every year thereafter .
Election results summary
Ward results
The Conservative Party had previously gained the seat in Lyth Valley at a by-election .
By-Elections
See also
South Lakeland local elections
References
2012
2012 English local elections
2010s in Cumbria
Palissya is an extinct form genus of female ( ovule-bearing ) conifer cones , known from the Late Triassic ( Rhaetian ) to the Early Cretaceous ( Aptian ) . The cone of Palissya is noted for its unusual catkin-like construction : Slender bracts ( modified leaves ) are rigidly attached in a helical pattern around a tall woody core . The adaxial ( upper ) surface of each bract bears two parallel rows of ovules which are encased in cup-like structures formed by scales . The seeds are thin-walled and were likely only viable for a short period of time , meaning that they were probably adapted to wind dispersal .
Palissya has been considered in some aspects to be similar to some Paleozoic Voltziales , as well as Taxaceae and Podocarpaceae . Most leaves assigned to the genus do not belong to the same plant as the conifer cone . Palissya specimens from the Middle Jurassic of Yorkshire are associated with Elatocladus-like leaves . Several Australasian species with fragile cones were referred to the separate genus Knezourocarpon , though some were later moved back into Palissya . Other related cone genera include Stachyotaxus , Metridiostrobus , and Compsostrobus , all from the Late Triassic of the Northern Hemisphere .
True specimens of Palissya first appeared in the Northern Hemisphere during the latest Triassic ( Rhaetian ) and spread to Eastern Gondwana ( modern Australia , New Zealand , and Antarctica ) during the Middle Jurassic . The youngest known records of Palissya in the Northern Hemisphere are from the Middle Jurassic , but Palissya persisted in Eastern Gondwana into the Early Cretaceous , with the youngest records being from the Aptian .
Species
After
References
Fossil record of plants
Extinct plants of New Zealand
Conifers
Prehistoric plant genera
Brachyopsis segaliensis is a species of poacher native to the northwest Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from . This species grows to a length of TL . This species is the only known member of its genus .
References
Agonidae
Fish described in 1809
Taxa named by Wilhelm Gottlieb Tilesius von Tilenau
Mirrorwork is an album by the New Zealand musician Alastair Galbraith , released in 1998 . It was released by Emperor Jones in the U.S .
Critical reception
AllMusic wrote : `` Where the joy of Mirrorwork comes in is how [ Galbraith ] works that combination to his own ends , coming up with some new , intriguing results . The combination of soft and clattering has been done before , for instance , but 'Ludd , ' with prominent acoustic guitar in one speaker and various feedback growls and random noises in the other , is one of Galbraith 's best balances between the two extremes . ''
Track listing
Side A
`` For Free ''
`` Doublet ''
`` Ludd ''
`` High & Fired ''
`` Sob ''
`` Rivulets ''
`` Thoar ''
`` Song To The Third ''
`` Filter ''
`` Ember ''
`` Blue Room ''
Side B
`` Surrender ''
`` Moth ''
`` This Hard ''
`` Star ''
`` Vinyl Curtain ''
`` Raining Here ''
`` Stealthy ''
`` Flickering Birds ''
`` Frostfish ''
`` Hospice ''
`` Navajo ''
`` Favourite Blue ''
`` Last Air ''
Personnel
Alastair Galbraith
Shayne Carter
David Mitchell
References
1998 albums
Alastair Galbraith ( musician ) albums
van den Abeele is a surname of Belgian origin , and may refer to :
Albert van den Abeele ( 1907- ? ? ? ? ) , Belgian yacht racer
Andries Van den Abeele ( born 1935 ) , Belgian entrepreneur , politician , historian and historical preservationist
Michel van den Abeele , Belgian diplomat
Pieter Van den Abeele , computer programmer
Surnames of Belgian origin
Dutch-language surnames
Surnames of Dutch origin
The Men 's 10 metre platform competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 2 and 3 July 2022 .
Results
The preliminary round was started on 2 July at 10:00 . The semifinal was held on 2 July at 16:00 . The final was held on 3 July at 17:00 .
Green denotes finalists
Blue denotes semifinalists
References
Men 's 10 metre platform
Gonzalo Adrián Casazza ( born 23 February 1999 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Atlanta , on loan from Lanús .
Career
Casazza is a product of the Lanús youth system . He was promoted into their first-team squad in mid-2020 , notably scoring in friendlies with Defensores de Belgrano and San Lorenzo before appearing on the bench in the succeeding December and January for Copa de la Liga Profesional fixtures away to Aldosivi and Patronato . Casazza 's senior debut arrived in that competition on 9 January 2021 , with the midfielder coming off the bench to replace Lucas Vera with twelve minutes remaining of a 2–0 home win over Rosario Central . He was loaned to Primera Nacional 's Atlanta in February , debuting in a Copa Argentina tie with Villa San Carlos .
Career statistics
.
Notes
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Club Atlético Lanús footballers
Club Atlético Atlanta footballers
Sir Philip Naylor-Leyland , 4th Baronet ( born 1953 ) is a British aristocrat , landowner and hotelier .
Biography
Early life
Philip Vyvyan Naylor-Leyland was born on 9 August 1953 . His father was Sir Vivian Naylor-Leyland , 3rd Baronet ( 1924–1987 ) and his mother Hon Elizabeth-Anne Marie Gabrielle FitzAlan-Howard . His paternal grandfather was Sir Albert Naylor-Leyland , 2nd Baronet ( 1890–1952 ) . His paternal great-grandfather was Sir Herbert Scarisbrick Naylor-Leyland , 1st Baronet ( 1864–1899 ) , who served as Member of Parliament for Colchester from 1892 to 1895 and for Southport from 1898 to 1899 . His maternal grandfather was Henry FitzAlan-Howard , 2nd Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent ( 1882–1962 ) , and through him Sir Philip is a descendant of Henry Fitzalan-Howard , 14th Duke of Norfolk , Peter Warren ( Royal Navy officer ) , the Schuyler family , the Van Cortlandt family and the Delancey family of British North America .
He was educated at Eton College , a private boarding school in Eton , Berkshire . He graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in Sandhurst , Berkshire , the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester , Gloucestershire , and the New York University Stern School of Business in New York City .
Career
He served in the Life Guards of the British Army , where he attained the rank of Lieutenant .
Among other properties , he owns the Malton ( Fitzwilliam ) Estates , which includes offices , shops , pubs , hotels , farms and residential properties near Malton , North Yorkshire . He also runs The Talbot Hotel Malton , a luxury hotel on the estate .
In 1987 , he became 4th Baronet Naylor-Leyland , of Hyde Park House , Albert Gate , London . With his inherited title came paternal family residence of Nantclwyd Hall , a Grade II listed mansion in Llanelidan , Denbighshire , Wales . He also inherited the maternal family residence of Milton Hall near Peterborough , Cambridgeshire .
He has been Master of the Fitzwilliam ( Milton ) Hunt since 1987 . He has served as President of the National Coursing Club since 1988 . He served as Chairman of the Peterborough Royal Foxhound Show Society from 1989 to 1995 , and has served as its chairman since 1995 .
Personal life
In 1980 , he married Lady Isabella Lambton , daughter of Antony Lambton ( who was the 6th Earl of Durham until he disclaimed the title ) ( 1922–2006 ) . They have six children ; four sons and two daughters . He is worth an estimated GB£160m .
References
Living people
1953 births
People educated at Eton College
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
Alumni of the Royal Agricultural University
New York University Stern School of Business alumni
English landowners
Masters of foxhounds in England
Llanelidan
English people of Dutch descent
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Schuyler family
Van Cortlandt family
Philip
Shilu is the Pinyin transcription of several Chinese words and proper names . It may refer to :
Shilu , Hainan ( 石碌镇 ) , a town in Hainan Island .
Shilu , Suzhou ( lit . Stone Road , 石路 ) , a business street in Suzhou
Veritable Records , historical records of Chinese imperial administrations
Shi Lu ( 石鲁 ) , Chinese painter
Shilu ( Jurchen ) ( 石魯 ) , Jurchen chieftain in the Liao dynasty
Shilu Station may refer to
Shi Lu station ( 石路站 ) of Suzhou Rail Transit .
Shilu railway station ( 石碌站 ) on a branch of Hainan western ring railway , in Shilu , Hainan .
Parapsestis tomponis is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Shōnen Matsumura in 1933 . It is found in Taiwan , Vietnam and the Chinese provinces of Henan , Shaanxi , Gansu , Hubei , Hunan , Fujian , Sichuan , Guizhou and Yunnan .
Subspecies
Parapsestis tomponis tomponis ( Taiwan )
Parapsestis tomponis almasderes Laszlo , G. Ronkay , L. Ronkay & Witt , 2007 ( Vietnam , China : Henan , Shaanxi , Gansu , Hubei , Hunan , Fujian , Sichuan , Guizhou , Yunnan )
References
Moths described in 1933
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Martín Alhaja was a Spanish shepherd who aided the Castilian King Alfonso VIII during the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa in 1212 A.D. Alhaja , who knew the area , to herd his sheep had placed a cow skull on the path that led to the field behind the Moors and onto the battlefield . The Spanish Christian King surprised the Moorish army and defeated them . This was the first significant victory for the Christian Spanish during their reconquest of Spain .
For his assistance , King Alfonso VIII gave Alhaja the title `` Cabeza de Vaca '' , which means `` head of a cow '' . He was awarded a coat-of-arms that included cow skulls in its design . He is the maternal ancestor of explorer Cabeza de Vaca .
References
Shepherds
People from Andalusia
The Bayonne Community Museum is located in the Bergen Point section of Bayonne , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
History
Designed by architect Lansing C. Holden , Sr. , the Bayonne Trust Company building is an excellent example of Beaux-Arts architecture . The general contractor for the building was Wells & Marvin of New York , and the granite work was done by the George Brown Company . Construction began on May 1 , 1912 , with a budget of $ 100,000 , but it cost $ 150,000 when completed . The bank opened on November 8 , 1913 . The Commercial Trust Company , its first occupant , was dissolved in 1948 , and the building was sold to the United Jersey Bank . It was subsequently owned by Summit Bank and Fleet National Bank . FleetBoston Financial , which merged with Summit Bancorp in 2001 , sold the bank building to the city on December 19 , 2001 .
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 8 , 2006 .
Until its purchase by the City of Bayonne , the building had been used as a bank , which has contributed to the preservation of its architectural integrity . The bank was remodeled in the 1970s . The remodeling involved adding drop ceilings that covered up three stained glass windows . The original bronze doors were replaced with double doors of contemporary glass and bronze oxidized aluminum in 1979 . The two-story Vermont granite-clad structure features paired , fluted Ionic columns flanking the front door , with segmented arch windows over the doorway . The entrance is in a pediment portico . The stone lintel over the door has the engraving `` Incorporated 1902 . '' The original four-riser granite stairs to the entrance are in good condition as is the contemporary wrought iron railing , which is not original to the building . A large gilt lamp adorns each side of the entrance .
Museum
Fleet Bank donated the building to the city of Bayonne in October 2002 . The building is now known as the Bayonne Community Museum planned to open after the completion of the renovation of the facility and installation of its first exhibition . The non-profit organization is creating a collection which contains variety of artifacts and other donated objects . In September 2010 the museum received $ 240,000 from Hudson County for continued realization of the redevelopment of the building . While the project has exceeded the original $ 3.1 million projected costs , work proceeds , including the restoration of the terrazzo floor . In January 2012 , the Bayonne City Council authorized $ 175,000 contract for the installation of a HVAC system .
While the building has not opened to the public on a regular basis it is available for use for public and private events .
See also
Hale-Whitney Mansion
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hudson County , New Jersey
Exhibitions in Hudson County
References
External links
Bayonne Community Museum
Picture of Bayonne Trust Company in 1923 .
View of Bayonne Trust Company via Google Street View
Bayonne , New Jersey
Museums in Hudson County , New Jersey
Bank buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
Commercial buildings completed in 1912
Beaux-Arts architecture in New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Hudson County , New Jersey
2002 establishments in New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Gun Shy is a 2000 black comedy film written and directed by Eric Blakeney , and starring Liam Neeson , Oliver Platt and Sandra Bullock .
Plot
Charlie Mayough ( Liam Neeson ) is an undercover DEA agent suffering from anxiety and gastrointestinal problems after a bust goes wrong . During the aforementioned incident , his partner was killed and he found himself served up on a platter of watermelon with a gun shoved in his face just before back-up arrived . Charlie , once known for his ease and almost `` magical '' talent on the job , is finding it very hard to return to work . His requests to be taken off the case or retired are denied by his bosses , Lonny Burke ( Louis Giambalvo ) and Dexter Helvenshaw ( Mitch Pileggi ) as so much time was put into his cover . Charlie works with the dream of one day retiring to Ocean Views , a luxury housing complex with servants and utilities .
During his flight to New York City , where his job will resume , another passenger strikes up a conversation with him . It turns out that this man , Dr. Jeff Bleckner ( Michael Mantell ) , is a psychiatrist and upon arriving to New York , Charlie enlists his services . Dr. Bleckner listens to his troubles and prescribes him anti-anxiety medication to help him deal with stress . He also encourages him to join a group therapy session . At therapy , Charlie meets and befriends a group of stressed out men from the business world .
To deal with his gastrointestinal issues , Charlie goes to the doctor where he meets the free-spirited and beautiful Judy Tipp ( Sandra Bullock ) , the self-proclaimed `` Enema Queen '' who introduces him to alternative therapies to his problems as well as some romantic interest .
Back on the job , Charlie is knee-deep in negotiations for high-stakes money laundering and stock manipulation . He was brought into the group by the passionate Fidel Vaillar ( José Zúñiga ) and his close bodyguard , Estuvio Clavo ( Michael DeLorenzo ) . Vaillar is a son of an important Colombian druglord and fears being viewed as a stereotype . They are dealing with an intense man with an unpredictable temper named Fulvio Nesstra ( Oliver Platt ) who represents the Italian mob in New York . Fulvio is the disfavored son-in-law of high-ranking Italian mobster , Carmine Minetti ( Frank Vincent ) . Jason Cane ( Andrew Lauer ) , a young Wall street-type with a plan , but poor taste , completes the group . Each thinks he understands the other players , but there is more to these characters than meets the eye .
Cast
Production
The film was produced by Bullock 's production company , Fortis Films , and was the first film directed by Blakeney . Buena Vista Film Sales acquired and financed the film and it was distributed through Hollywood Pictures .
Critical reception
Elvis Mitchell of The New York Times was not enamored with the direction , but was fond of the writing and acting .
Other reviewers were not so kind and it received a score of 26 % on Rotten Tomatoes based on 43 reviews , the consensus of which calls the film `` a dark comedy of the low brow nature filled with fart and gay jokes . '' However , the film managed to get a normalized score of 42 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 20 reviews .
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was released on February 4 , 2000 by Hollywood Records .
Blue Skies for Everyone - Bob Schneider
Under the Sun - Big Kenny
Drunk is Better Than Dead - The Push Stars
Round & Round - Bob Schneider
This Time - Los Lobos
Is It Too Late ? - World Party
More Than Rain - Tom Waits
It 's a Man 's Man 's Man 's World - James Brown
Staysha Brown - The Scabs
I 'm Your Boogie Man - KC and the Sunshine Band
Start the Commotion - The Wiseguys
Caro Mio Ben - Helga Bullock
References
External links
2000 films
2000 directorial debut films
Hollywood Pictures films
American crime comedy films
Films about psychiatry
Films set in New York City
Films produced by Sandra Bullock
Films scored by Rolfe Kent
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Microsoft text-to-speech voices are speech synthesizers provided for use with applications that use the Microsoft Speech API ( SAPI ) or the Microsoft Speech Server Platform . There are client , server , and mobile versions of Microsoft text-to-speech voices . Client voices are shipped with Windows operating systems ; server voices are available for download for use with server applications such as Speech Server , Lync etc . for both Windows client and server platforms , and mobile voices are often shipped with more recent versions .
Voices
Windows 2000 and Windows XP
Microsoft Sam is the default text-to-speech male voice in Microsoft Windows 2000 and Windows XP . It is used by Narrator , the screen reader program built into the operating system .
Microsoft Mike and Microsoft Mary are optional male and female voices respectively , available for download from the Microsoft website . Michael and Michelle are also optional male and female voices licensed by Microsoft from Lernout & Hauspie , and are available through Microsoft Office XP and Microsoft Office 2003 or Microsoft Reader .
There are both SAPI 4 and SAPI 5 versions of these text-to-speech voices . SAPI 4 voices are only available on Windows 2000 and later Windows NT-based operating systems , but are also available as a download on Windows 9x operating systems as well . While SAPI 5 versions of Microsoft Mike and Microsoft Mary are downloadable only as a Merge Module , the installable versions may be installed on end users ' systems by speech applications such as Microsoft Reader . SAPI 4 redistributable versions were downloadable for Windows 9x , although they are no longer from the Microsoft website .
The SAPI 4 versions of Microsoft Sam , Microsoft Mike and Microsoft Mary can be used on Windows Vista and later with a third-party program ( like Speakonia and TTSReader ) installed on the machine that supports these operating systems ; however , the speech patterns differed from the SAPI 5 versions of these voices . In addition , LH Michael and LH Michelle can work on Windows 7 and later if Speakonia and the SAPI 4 version of the voices in British English is downloaded .
Windows Vista and Windows 7
Beginning with Windows Vista and Windows 7 , Microsoft Anna is the default English voice . It is a SAPI 5-only female voice and is designed to sound more natural than Microsoft Sam . Microsoft Streets & Trips 2006 and later install the Microsoft Anna voice on Windows XP systems for the voice-prompt direction feature . There are no male voices shipping with Windows Vista and Windows 7 , and neither Microsoft Mike nor Mary will work on Windows 7 .
A female voice called Microsoft Lili that replaces the earlier male SAPI 5 voice `` Microsoft Simplified Chinese '' is available in Chinese versions of Windows Vista and Windows 7 . It can also be obtained in non-Chinese versions of Windows 7 or Vista by installing the Chinese language pack .
In 2010 , Microsoft released the newer Speech Platform compatible voices for Speech Recognition and Text-to-Speech for use with client and server applications . These voices are available in 26 languages and can be installed on Windows client and server operating systems . Speech Platform voices , unlike SAPI 5 voices , are female-only ; no male voices were ever released .
Windows 8 and Windows 8.1
In Windows 8 , there are three new client ( desktop ) voices - Microsoft David ( US male ) , Hazel ( UK female ) and Zira ( US female ) which are intended to sound more natural than Microsoft Anna . The server versions of these voices are available via the above-mentioned Speech Platform for operating systems earlier than Windows 8 . Other voices are available for specific language versions of either Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 .
Unlike Windows 7 or Vista , one can not use any third-party program for Microsoft Anna because there is no Anna Voice API for download ( especially since there was never a SAPI 4 version of Microsoft Anna ) .
Windows 10 and later
In Windows 10 , Microsoft Hazel was removed from the US English Language Pack and the Microsoft voices for Mobile ( Phone/tablet ) are available ( Microsoft Mark and Microsoft Zira ) . These are the same voices found on Windows Phone 8 , Windows Phone 8.1 and Windows 10 Mobile .
Also with these voices language packs are also available for a variety of voices similar to that of Windows 8 and 8.1 . None of these voices match the Cortana text-to-speech voice which can be found on Windows Phone 8.1 , Windows 10 , and Windows 10 Mobile .
In an attempt to unify its software with Windows 10 , all of Microsoft 's current platforms use the same text-to-speech voices except for Microsoft David and a few others .
Mobile
Every mobile voice package has the combination of male/female , while most of the desktop voice packages have only female voices . All mobile voices have been made universal and any user who downloads the language pack of that choice will have one extra male and female voice per that package .
A hidden text-to-speech voice in Windows 10 called Microsoft Eva Mobile is present within the system . Users can download a pre-packaged registry file from the windowsreport.com website . Microsoft Eva is believed to be the early voice for Cortana until Microsoft replaced her with the voice of Jen Taylor in most areas .
These voices are updated with Windows to sound more natural than in the original version as seen in updated retail builds of Windows 10 .
See also
Speech synthesis
Comparison of speech synthesizers
References
External links
Text to Speech Software
Vista Watch : New Chinese features in Windows Vista
Speech synthesis software
Microsoft software
Leonis C. Malburg ( April 4 , 1929 – November 1 , 2017 ) was a former mayor of Vernon , California , and the grandson of the city 's co-founder John B . ( J.B. ) Leonis , a nephew of Miguel Leonis . In 2009 he and his wife Dominica Malburg were convicted of conspiracy , perjury , and voter fraud . Leonis 's son , John Malburg , was sent to prison for child molestation of boys in 2009 . The offenses were discovered during the same family voter fraud investigation .
Malburg was appointed to the Vernon City Council in 1956 , and served until 2009 . He was elected mayor in 1974 , and served until his convictions forced him to resign in 2009 .
Early life and education
Leonis Clos Malburg was born in 1929 to Raymond S. Malburg and Adelina Leonis , Jr. at the French Hospital of Los Angeles , in Chinatown , Los Angeles . Malburg 's father was a mortuary director from San Francisco who played a prominent role in forensic examinations in the Los Angeles Coroner 's Office . Malburg 's grandfather , John B. Leonis ( J . B . ) was a Basque immigrant who with ranchers Thomas and James Furlong founded Vernon , the first exclusively industrial city in the California , in September 1905 . His great uncle was Miguel Leonis , a 19th-century Alta California pioneer based at the Leonis Adobe in present-day Calabasas , who owned Rancho El Escorpión and other ranch properties in the western San Fernando Valley and Simi Hills .
Malburg received both public and private education . His early school years were spent at Third Street Elementary and John Burrows Junior High , both in Los Angeles . While living at his parents house , he also spent time with his grandfather , J . B. Leonis , who had residences in Hancock Park , Los Angeles , and on a working ranch in the Angeles National Forest . J . B. was one of the founders of the City of Vernon . In its early days , Vernon was noted for its sporting events , including professional boxing and baseball and the 'world 's longest bar ' at Jack Doyle 's Saloon located on land leased from J . B. Leonis . J . B. served for 45 years as a Vernon city councilmember . He was also the founder and president of the First Citizens Bank of Vernon . Malburg 's relationship with his grandfather influenced him to pursue a banking career and Vernon city politics .
In 1943 , Malburg was accepted to and attended the Harvard Military Academy in Los Angeles . He was regarded for his shooting skills and graduated a two-time champion in rifle marksmanship .
After returning from his service in the U.S. Air Force , Malburg attended Woodbury University in Los Angeles and majored in Business Administration . He was later on Woodbury 's Board of Trustees . He and his wife made a donation for the naming of the Malburg Atrium in the business school building .
Career
Banking
Malburg began his banking career as a messenger for First National Bank of Vernon , which was chartered in 1919 . He rose within the bank to oversee loans for construction projects and eventually became the bank 's vice president . In 1956 , he became the President of First National Bank . When , through a merger , First National became Citizens National Bank , and Malburg stayed on as vice president and chairman of the advisory board . Eventually , Citizens National merged with Crocker National Bank and later with Wells Fargo . Malburg retired from banking to manage his family interests and investments .
He was chairman of the Sanitation District of Los Angeles County. , a partnership of 24 independent districts , encompassing 78 cities , which serves nearly 5½ million people in Los Angeles County . The Sanitation Districts build and maintain facilities to manage solid , industrial , and water waste in Los Angeles County . Malburg was also chairman of the Barlow Group , which oversees the operations of the Barlow Respiratory Hospital in Los Angeles .
He was president and lifelong member of the Societe Francaise De Bienfaisance Mutuelle De Los Angeles .
He formerly served as director of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California ( MWD ) , a consortium of 26 cities and water districts that provide drinking water to six counties in Southern California .
Politics
Malburg 's career in politics began when he accepted an appointment to the Vernon city council following the death of a sitting councilman . After eighteen years on the council , Malburg was elected mayor by the council and served in that capacity until 2009 . Under Malburg 's leadership , the city had multiplied its surplus while providing businesses within its borders with natural gas service , fiber optic systems , and its own light and power company , with rates up to 40 % lower than those outside the city . As mayor , he also oversaw ongoing land development and the city 's expanding infrastructure , including a power generation station which bears his name .
In 1978 , the Mayor and city council made the controversial decision during a labor dispute to dismiss striking firefighters who refused to report for duty or take acting positions on fire calls . It was the opinion of city leaders that the firefighter 's illegal actions , which came after their union rescinded its agreement to a solution brokered by a state mediator , left the city with a dangerously thin line of fire defense . Superior Court Judge Harry L. Hupp upheld the city 's decision in October , 1978 , ruling that the firefighter 's strike was indeed illegal . However , after four days of negotiations with the union , the city reinstated the dismissed firefighters . Still , the L.A. County Board of Supervisors , responding to political pressure from labor unions seeking retaliation for the initial firings , cancelled its mutual aid agreement with the City of Vernon ( a move that was criticized by the president of the 40-member Independent Cities of Los Angeles County Association ) .
The county district attorney 's office also charged Malburg and other administrators with crimes unrelated to the strike . In Malburg 's case , the district attorney office accused the mayor of falsely declaring his domicile to be the family residence he built in Vernon , charging that his true domicile was the Los Angeles home he inherited from his grandfather . In 1979 , Judge William Keene dismissed the charges when it was revealed that the district attorney 's office had withheld evidence from the grand jury which directly contradicted the prosecution 's claims .
Similar charges were filed again , twenty-seven years later , after the city attempted to suppress a report by a city attorney that the city administrator was stealing from the city . In the course of that investigation the District Attorney 's new Public Integrity Division learned that Malburg and his wife and son all claimed to live in apartments within an office building in Vernon . The city 's attempt to suppress the report was unsuccessful and the city administrator , Bruce Malkenhorst , Sr. , was charged with misappropriating public funds . The mayor and his family were charged with voter fraud .
Leonis 's son , John Malburg , was sent to prison for child molestation discovered during the same investigation .
After being sued by the City of Vernon over nearly $ 1.5 million in attorney fees , Malburg resigned the office of mayor on July 1 , 2009 .
In December 2009 , Leonis Malburg and his wife were convicted of conspiracy , perjury , and voter fraud . ( see editorial , Los Angeles Times , December 9 , 2009 , `` Justice Comes to Vernon '' ) In January 2010 , they were ordered to pay over $ 600,000 in restitution and fines .
References
Further reading
Los Angeles Times : Articles about Leonis Malburg archive
City of Vernon : Mayor
Chinadaily.com.cn : Vernon
Google images : EPGnews.com
American perjurers
American politicians convicted of fraud
Vernon , California
1929 births
2017 deaths
California politicians convicted of crimes
Mayors of places in California
Woodbury University alumni
Naughty America is a pornographic film studio based in San Diego , California
History
The company was founded in June 2001 with a small staff under the brand name SoCal Cash and changed its name to Naughty America in March 2004 . The date 1776 in its logo refers to the United States Declaration of Independence in which Thomas Jefferson declared the right of “ Life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . ”
In 2008 , the company employed over 60 staff members and has released over 70 DVDs . These DVDs are distributed worldwide by Pureplay Media since November 2005 . In addition to the DVDs , they also have over 6,900 movies on their site .
The company launched a gay line called Suite 703 in January 2008 .
In October 2008 , Naughty America launched an Adobe Air-based application called Naughty America Direct , which was described as `` basically an iTunes for porn '' . It sold individual full-length DRM-free scenes with no subscription . It was shut down shortly thereafter due to the departure of the developer in charge .
Awards
Naughty America have been nominated for AVN awards on many occasions . In 2008 Naughty America/Pure Play Media won the AVN Best Ethnic-Themed Series ( Asian ) award for the Asian 1 on 1 series . They also won the 2011 AVN Best Ethnic-Themed Series ( Latin ) award for the Latin Adultery series .
In 2012 they won the XBIZ Awards for Latin-Themed Series of the Year for 'Latin Adultery ' and Studio Site of the Year for NaughtyAmerica.com .
In 2013 they received multiple XBIZ Award nominations including 'Studio of the Year ' and 'Vignette Series of the Year ' for My Sister 's Hot Friend Vol . 25 and Tonight 's Girlfriend Vol . 7 . Additional nominations include 'Vignette Series of the Year ' for My Wife 's Hot Friend . They won numerous XBIZ Awards for 'Vignette Series of the Year ' and 'New Series of the Year ' for Tonight 's Girlfriend , 'Latin-Themed Series of the Year ' for Latin Adultery , and 'Studio Site of the Year ' .
In 2014 they received the XBIZ Award in the category of 'Vignette Series of the Year ' for `` Tonight 's Girlfriend . ''
References
External links
American erotica and pornography websites
American pornographic film studios
Companies based in San Diego
Internet properties established in 2000
Pornography in California
Kabaddi Kabaddi ( ) is a 2015 Nepali romantic comedy film directed by Ram Babu Gurung . The film stars Dayahang Rai , Saugat Malla and Rishma Gurung . It is a sequel of the 2014 film Kabaddi . It was one of the highest-grossing films in Nepal at the time of its release . It was followed by a sequel named Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi which was also a blockbuster at the box office . The final sequel , Kabaddi 4 : The Final Match , was released on 27 May 2022 .
Background
Kabaddi Kabaddi is produced by Cinema Art Pvt . Ltd and presented by Black Horse Pictures . The film is a Nepali social drama and romantic comedy . It features Dayahang Rai , Saugat Malla , Rishma Gurung , Bijay Baral , Buddhi Tamang , Maotse Gurung , Upendra Subba , Shisheer Bangdel , Pushkar Gurung , Kabita Ale , Birmaya Gurung , Aruna Karki Pokhrel , Pashupati Rai , Junu Bista , Mani Ram Pokhrel and Kamal Mani Nepal .
The film is directed by Ram Babu Gurung and the producers are Raunak Bikram Kandel and Om Chand Rauniyar . It 's written by Ram Babu Gurung himself and Upendra Subba and its cinematography is done by Shailendra D. Karki . The film 's music is composed by Kali Prasad Baskota with art direction by Suresh Karki and Hom BC and editing by Nimesh Shrestha .
Plot
Kabaddi gave a story of the unrequited love of Kaji ( Dayahang Rai ) for his soulmate Maiya last year . As it was a good film with ample humour , the thoroughly entertaining film got all the love from the audience . One year has passed in Naurikot , Mustang and Kaji are back with Kabaddi Kabaddi . His love for Maiya has not changed , but Maiya is no different . She does n't reciprocate her feeling . She has a new admirer , Kaji 's rival—Bum Kaji . Both the Kajis compete with each other to win Maiya . The nearly two-hour-long entertaining journey unveils the winner .
Kabaddi Kabaddi is the continued story of Kabaddi 's Kaji and Maiya . Retelling the same unrequited love story and romance of the two could have been dull but Rambabu Gurung has written the story brilliantly and articulately , and with intrigue and has directed with the same passion . As such the story has evolved along with the characters . The screenplay by director Gurung and Upendra Subba is also noteworthy .
The character of Bum Kaji , politics and sub-plots of Kaji 's two friends with tidbits of music and action has been mixed into the love story .
Also , the message of how politics works and how a husband and wife should be is nuanced .
However , there are a few things that do n't add up . Maiya is the same and has n't matured despite going through a lot in the first film . Bibek 's character ( Nischal Basnet ) again makes an appearance as Bum Kaji 's friend but their relationship has n't been explored to rest the curiosity of the audience . Perhaps , there is room for another Kabaddi film .
Kabaddi Kabaddi poster Maiya has less screen presence but has done fine as a chirpy village girl . Meanwhile , Bijay Baral and Buddhi Tamang , who play Kaji 's friends , have complimented the film .
Malla as Bum Kaji is the icing on the cake . The brilliant actor has pulled off his quirky character of a musician who is also a lover boy . He has shown great comic timing .
Nonetheless , the film 's USP is humour—right from the first scene where one of Kaji 's friends is writing a love letter for Kaji with blood ( of chicken ! ) to Maiya while another friend roasts the same chicken with the beautiful backdrop of mountains till the end of the film . Humour is not just limited to dialogues and activities but expressions and demeanour . The take on humour is very natural and has the touch of everyday life which makes the scenes more relevant .
Cast
Dayahang Rai as Kaji
Saugat Malla as Bam Kaji
Rishma Gurung as Maiya
Bijay Baral as Bir Kaji/B.K .
Buddhi Tamang as Chhantyal
Maotse Gurung as Bom 's Father
Upendra Subba as Jharki
Sishir Bangdel as Kaji 's Father
Pushkar Gurung
Kabita Ale as Kaji 's Mother
Birmaya Gurung
Aruna Karki Pokhrel as Maiya 's Mother
Pashupati Rai
Junu Bista as Bijay 's Girlfriend
Mani Ram Pokhrel
Kamal Mani Nepal
Samten Bhutia
Priyanka Karki
Songs
Awards
References
External links
Kabaddi Kabaddi Box Office Collection - Opening Day
Kabaddi Kabaddi Different cities in Nepal
2015 films
Nepalese romantic comedy films
Films shot in Kathmandu
Films produced by Nischal Basnet
Nepalese sequel films
Hruševje ( ; ) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Geography
Hruševje stands in the western part of the Pivka Basin along the old main road from Razdrto to Postojna . The older part of the village stands on a hill topped by the village church , and the newer part , where houses were built after the Second World War , stands along the old main road .
Businesses and services
The settlement has several restaurants , including a bar , a typical restaurant , and a pizzeria ( with an electric vehicle charging station ) . It also has a fire station and a post office . Bicycle manufacturer Liv Kolesa has a plastic processing plant in the settlement . Across the street from the plant is a primary school .
Church
The church in Hruševje is dedicated to the Prophet Daniel . It stands on a hill in the center of the village . It is an early Baroque structure with a rectangular nave ending in a chancel of equal width walled on three sides . The entrance bears the years 1633 and 1888 . The bell tower is topped with an elongated onion dome and was built in 1793 .
References
External links
Hruševje on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Arapahoe County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , its population was 655,070 , making it the third-most populous county in Colorado . The county seat is Littleton , and the most populous city is Aurora . The county was named for the Arapaho Native American tribe , who once lived in the region .
Arapahoe County is part of the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood metropolitan statistical area . Arapahoe County calls itself `` Colorado 's First County '' , since its origins antedate the Pike 's Peak Gold Rush .
History
On August 25 , 1855 , the Kansas Territorial Legislature created a huge Arapahoe County to govern the entire western portion of the Territory of Kansas . The county was named for the Arapaho Nation , who lived in the region .
In July 1858 , gold was discovered along the South Platte River in Arapahoe County ( in present-day Englewood ) . This discovery precipitated the Pike 's Peak Gold Rush . Many residents of the mining region felt disconnected from the remote territorial governments of Kansas and Nebraska , so they voted to form their own Territory of Jefferson on October 24 , 1859 . The following month , the Jefferson Territorial Legislature organized 12 counties for the new territory , including a smaller Arapahoe County . Denver City served as the county seat of Arapahoe County .
The Jefferson Territory never received federal sanction , and when the State of Kansas was admitted to the Union on January 29 , 1861 , the mining regions temporarily reverted to unorganized territory . On February 28 , 1861 , Congress passed an act organizing the Territory of Colorado , using present-day borders . On November 1 , 1861 , the Colorado Territorial Assembly organized the 17 original counties of Colorado , including a new Arapahoe County . Arapahoe County originally stretched from the line of present-day Sheridan Boulevard 160 miles ( 258 km ) east to the Kansas border , and from the line of present-day County Line Road 30 miles ( 48 km ) north to the 40th parallel north ( 168th Avenue ) . Denver City served as the county seat of Arapahoe County until 1902 .
In 1901 , the Colorado General Assembly voted to split Arapahoe County into three parts - a new consolidated City and County of Denver , a new Adams County , and the remainder of the Arapahoe County to be renamed South Arapahoe County . A ruling by the Colorado Supreme Court , subsequent legislation , and a referendum delayed the reorganization until November 15 , 1902 . Governor James Bradley Orman designated Littleton as the temporary county seat of South Arapahoe County . On April 11 , 1903 , the Colorado General Assembly changed the name of South Arapahoe County back to Arapahoe County . On November 8 , 1904 , Arapahoe County voters chose Littleton over Englewood by a vote of 1310 to 829 to be the permanent county seat .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which are land and ( 0.9 % ) are covered by water . The county measures 72 mi ( 116 km ) east-west and 4 to 12 mi ( 6 to 19 km ) north-south .
Two exclaves of Arapahoe County are entirely surrounded by the City and County of Denver , the City of Glendale , and the Holly Hills neighborhood , a census-designated place .
Adjacent counties
City and County of Denver – northwest and exclaves
Adams County – north
Washington County – east
Lincoln County – southeast
Elbert County – south
Douglas County – southwest
Jefferson County – west
Major highways
Interstate 25
Interstate 70
Interstate 225
U.S. Highway 85
U.S. Highway 285
State Highway 30
State Highway 36
State Highway 40
State Highway 75
State Highway 79
State Highway 83
State Highway 88
State Highway 177
State Highway 470
E-470 ( tollway )
State park
Cherry Creek State Park
Historic trails
Smoky Hill Trail
South Platte Trail
Recreation trails
Highline Canal National Recreation Trail
Platte River Greenway National Recreation Trail
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , 487,967 people , 190,909 households , and 125,809 families were residing in the county . The population density was 608 people/sq mi ( 235/km2 ) . The 196,835 housing units averaged 245/sq mi ( 95/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 79.93 % White , 7.67 % African American , 0.66 % Native American , 3.95 % Asian , 0.12 % Pacific Islander , 4.51 % from other races , and 3.16 % from two or more races . Hispanics or Latinos of any race made up 11.81 % of the population .
Of the 190,909 households , 34.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.20 % were married couples living together , 10.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 34.10 % were not families . About 27.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 5.90 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.53 , and the average family size was 3.11 .
In the county , the age distribution was 26.70 % under 18 , 8.60 % from 18 to 24 , 33.10 % from 25 to 44 , 23.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.60 % who were 65 or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females , there were 97.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 94.20 males .
The median income for a household was $ 53,570 , and for a family was $ 63,875 . Males had a median income of $ 41,601 versus $ 31,612 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 28,147 . About 4.20 % of families and 5.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.00 % of those under age 18 and 5.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Arapahoe County was once a Republican stronghold , and a classic bastion of suburban conservatism , although with a noticeable north–south split , with the working class Democratic-leaning city of Aurora in the northwest and the former wealthy Republican strongholds in the Denver Technological Center region in the southwest , though with some Democratic strength in older , more urbanized and mixed-development suburbs bordering Denver 's southwest border near Hampden Avenue such as Englewood and Sheridan ( the eastern parts of the county are extremely rural and Republican to this day ) . However , heavy urbanization , demographic changes and population increases - such as the rapid diversification of Aurora 's population and younger professionals in the southern suburbs - have caused the county to become much more competitive since the 1990s , eventually changing it to more of a Democratic-leaning suburban swing county . In 2008 , the county swung over dramatically to support Barack Obama , who became the first Democrat to carry it since 1964 , and only the second since 1936 . It swung from a four-point win for George W. Bush in 2004 to a 13-point win for Obama in 2008 . It voted for Obama by a similar margin in 2012 , and provided much of Hillary Clinton 's statewide margin in 2016 as Donald Trump failed to win even 40 percent of the vote in one of the worst showings for a Republican in the county 's history , with the Democrats carrying the former Tech Center area Republican strongholds of Centennial and Littleton . In the 2020 election , Joe Biden became the first Democrat to carry the county with over 60 % of the vote since 1916 , winning both Aurora by lopsided margins and the southern parts of the county by nearly 20 points .
Communities
Cities
Aurora ( most ; also extends into Adams County and Douglas County )
Centennial
Cherry Hills Village
Englewood
Glendale
Greenwood Village
Littleton ( most ; also extends into Douglas County and Jefferson County )
Sheridan
Towns
Bennett
Bow Mar ( part ; also extends into Jefferson County )
Columbine Valley
Deer Trail
Foxfield
Census-designated places
Aetna Estates
Brick Center
Byers
Cherry Creek
Columbine
Comanche Creek
Dove Valley
Four Square Mile
Holly Hills
Inverness
Peoria
Strasburg
Watkins
Former census-designated places
Castlewood ( now part of Centennial )
Southglenn ( now part of Centennial )
See also
Arapahoe Library District
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Arapahoe County , Kansas Territory
Arrappahoe County , Jefferson Territory
Arapahoe County , Colorado Territory
South Arapahoe County , Colorado
Colorado census statistical areas
Denver–Aurora–Boulder Combined Statistical Area
Front Range Urban Corridor
National Register of Historic Places listings in Arapahoe County , Colorado
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
Colorado placenames of Native American origin
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1861
The wildlife of Korea belongs to the Palearctic realm . Native or endemic species of the Korean Peninsula include Korean hare , Korean water deer , Korean field mouse , Korean brown frog , Korean pine and Korean spruce . The Korean Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) with its forest and natural wetlands is a unique biodiversity spot , which harbours 82 endangered species such as the red-crowned crane , Amur leopard and the Siberian tiger . Overall , DMZ is home to about 70 mammalian species , more than 300 birds and about 3,000 plants .
At the same time the populations of bears , lynxes , tigers , wolves , dholes and leopards , which once inhabited the Korean Peninsula , are presently very rare or extirpated , and likewise large ungulates ( with the exceptions of roe deer , water deer and wild boar ) are uncommon . The local wildlife sustained some damage during the Japanese occupation in 1910–1945 and subsequent Korean War , particularly due to overhunting of tigers .
By region
Divided by the DMZ , wildlife of Korean peninsula can be further divided into wildlife of North Korea and wildlife of South Korea .
Fauna
Korean fauna originates in ecosystems that can be seen in China , and are particularly abundant in birds nowadays , like White Heron , which has been a symbol of local nature imagery and poetry . The Korean Peninsula accommodates 515 reported species of birds , which as of 2011 is about 3–5 % of the world total . South Korea has about 370 bird species , of which about fifty species are permanent residents and the rest are migratory . Plains are inhabited by migratory waterfowl and cranes . The open countryside is inhabited by the common pheasant . South Korean wetlands support over one million wintering ducks and geese .
Carnivoran animals include weasels , badgers and marten . Northern part of the Korean Peninsula is home to antelopes and raccoon dogs .
Aquatic fauna includes about 212 species of freshwater fish . Four species of them received the status of Natural Monument Fish – marbled eel , spotted barbel , Manchurian trout and golden mandarin fish . The Korean Peninsula has a significant number of native freshwater fish species , which includes Korean taimen , Korean stumpy bullhead , Korean spotted hopper , south torrent catfish and black shiner . Endemic marine fauna includes Korean skate and Korean rockfish .
The number of insects in the Korean Peninsula is estimated at about 12,300 species .
Flora
The Korean Peninsula is home to about 3,034 species of vascular plants , which belong to 217 families , 1,045 genera and 406 infraspecific taxa . Korean forests include evergreen pines and deciduous trees – maple , birch , poplar , oak , ash and elm . Common fruit trees include apple , pear , peach , apricot , plum , persimmon and Chinese quince . High mountains feature exclusively alpine plants . Southern coastal areas harbour citrus plants . Several hundreds plant species are considered medicinal . Hibiscus syriacus is the national flower of South Korea .
The flora of North Korea has over 100 endemic species of vascular plants .
Preservation
A member of the Convention on Biological Diversity since 1994 , South Korea has 298 protected areas , of which 289 are IUCN-categorized . The country joined IUCN in 2006 . Hallasan National Park was designated by UNESCO as a Biosphere Reserve in 2002 , a World Natural Heritage in 2007 , and a Global Geopark in 2010 , making the associated Jeju Island the only place on Earth to receive all three UNESCO designations in the field of natural sciences . In 1963 Korea Association for the Conservation of Nature was established . In 1997 the non-profit organization International Aid for Korean Animals was founded to promote animal protection and humane treatment . Animal Rescue Korea , an English-language internet resource , helps animals in South Korea .
North Korea adopted a Ten Year Plan for Afforestation/Reforestation to revive two million hectares of degraded forests .
See also
List of mammals of Korea
List of non-passerine birds of Korea
List of amphibians of Korea
List of reptiles of Korea
List of freshwater fishes of Korea
List of non-marine molluscs of South Korea
References
Biota of Korea
Korea
Korea
Sunday Morning is ukulele virtuoso Jake Shimabukuro 's first full-length solo album . It was released in the U.S. in October 2002 by Four Strings Productions / Hitchhike Records . The album was released in Japan the following year on August 12 , 2003 by Sony Music Distribution .
The album features the ukulele playing many different genres , including jazz , rock , heavy metal , and classical , and consists of five cover songs and five original compositions by Shimabukuro .
Sunday Morning received the 2003 Na Hoku Hanohano Award for Instrumental Album of the Year , and the 2003 Hawaii Music Award for Instrumental Hawaiian Album of the Year . The general public also voted Jake Shimabukuro Favorite Entertainer of the Year at the 2003 Na Hoku Hanohano Awards for this album .
AllMusic summarized its review of Sunday Morning by stating , `` The range of techniques , the range of genres , the range of sonic possibilities ... are all stunning . This album is a must . ''
Track listing
All tracks composed by Jake Shimabukuro except where noted .
`` Sand Channel ''
`` Love Is ... ''
`` Selections from Caprice No . 24 '' ( Paganini )
`` Sunday Morning ''
`` My Heart Will Go On '' ( Will Jennings )
`` Toastmaker 's Revenge ''
`` Sleep Walk '' ( Santo & Johnny Farina )
`` Let 's Dance ''
`` Close To You '' ( Burt Bacharach )
`` Crazy G '' ( Traditional ) [ Live ]
References
External links
Sunday Morning on Amazon
Sunday Morning on AllMusic
2002 debut albums
Jake Shimabukuro albums
Na Hoku Hanohano Award-winning albums
The black-necked araçari ( Pteroglossus aracari ) , is a species of bird in the toucan family . It is found in Brazil , French Guiana , Guyana , Suriname , and Venezuela .
Taxonomy
The black-necked aracari was formally described by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1758 in the tenth edition of his Systema Naturae . He placed it with the toucans in the genus Ramphastos and coined the binomial name Ramphastos aracari . Linnaeus based his description on the `` Aracari '' that had been described and illustrated by the German naturalist Georg Marcgrave in 1648 and the `` Toucan or Brazilian Pye '' that had been described and illustrated by the English naturalist George Edwards in 1747 . The black-necked aracari is now placed in genus Pteroglossus that was introduced in 1811 by the German zoologist Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger . The genus name combines the Ancient Greek pteron meaning `` feather '' with glōssa meaning `` tongue '' . The specific aracari comes Arassari , the name of the species in the Tupi language . Alternative common names include Wied 's aracari and Maximilian 's aracari .
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized :
P. a. atricollis ( Statius Müller , PL , 1776 ) – originally described as a separate species . Found in eastern Venezuela , the Guianas and northern Brazil
P. a. aracari ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) – found in north-eastern , eastern and south-eastern Brazil
P. a. wiedii Sturm , JHCF & Sturm , JW , 1847 – originally described as a separate species in the genus Pteroglossus . Found in south-eastern Brazil
Description
The black-necked aracari measures 35–45 cm ( 14–18 in ) long and weighs 177-309 grams ( 6-10.9 oz . ) It is a typical but thickset aracari with a single red band across its otherwise yellow chest . Its upper mandible is pale yellow while the lower mandible is black .
Distribution and habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest .
Behaviour and ecology
Breeding
The black-necked aracari nests in hollows in the trees created by either woodpeckers or by broken tree branches .
References
black-necked aracari
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
black-necked aracari
black-necked aracari
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Belle Poule , from the French meaning Beautiful Chicken :
was a 36-gun fifth rate captured from the French in 1780 and sold in 1801 .
was a 38-gun fifth rate captured from the French in 1806 . She was used as a troopship from 1814 , a prison ship from 1815 , and was sold in 1816 .
See also
Royal Navy ship names
Mount Valkyrie ( ) is a dolerite-capped peak on the south wall of Wright Valley , separating Bartley Glacier and Meserve Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land . It was named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) , 1958–59 , after the Valkyries of Norse mythology .
Mountains of the Asgard Range
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Kallar Syedan Tehsil is a tehsil in the Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan . Earlier a part of the Kahuta Tehsil , it became a separate tehsil on 1 July 2004 .
Kallar Syedan is the capital of the tehsil .
Demography
According to the 2017 census of Pakistan , Kallar Syedan Tehsil has a total population of 217,273 . Many clans are living in Kallar Syedan Tehsil like butt kashmiry tribes , mughal tribe baig [ looni sahlyal ] , Mengal tribe [ Mangal Rajgan ] , Saroha Rajgan tribe , Gujjars , Awan , Raeen , Ghakhar Kiani , Muhajir Siddiqui , Mirza , Sheikh , Malik and others . Bhakri Sadaat of Kallar Syedan are the most prominent clan in this area . Because one study clearly defined them the founder of Kallar Syedan .
Administrative divisions
The tehsil is divided into 11 Union Councils :
Municipal Committee Kallar Syedan City
Kallar Sagwal
Kallar Badhal
Tota
Mera Sangal
Mangloora
Kambili
Sadiq
Looni Salyal
Darkali Shershahi
Mangal Rajgan
Saroha
Jocha
Mamdot
Jaswala
Darkali Mamuri
Choha Khalsa Circle Union Councils
Nala Musalmana
Manyanda
Samote
Choha Khalsa
Kanoha
Doberan Kallan
Kallar Syedan Circle Union Councils
Bhala Khar
Guff
Ghazan Abad
Bishandote
Delimitation 2018
After Delimitation 2018 of Election Commission of Pakistan , Kallar Syedan Tehsil is divided into two parts in National Assembly of Pakistan ( 1 ) Municipal Committee Kallar Syedan City and Kallar Syedan Circle Union Councils comes under NA-57 ( Rawalpindi-I ) , and ( 2 ) Choha Khalsa Circle 6 Union Councils Comes Under NA-58 ( Rawalpindi-II ) .
In Provincial Assembly of Punjab Kallar Syedan Tehsil is divided into three parts : ( 1 ) Municipal Committee Kallar Syedan City and Choha Khalsa Circle 6 Union Councils come under PP-7 ( Rawalpindi-II ) , ( 2 ) Kallar Syedan Circle Union Council Bishandote and Village Arazi Khas are under PP-9 ( Rawalpindi-IV ) and ( 3 ) Kallar Syedan Circle Union Councils Bhalakhar , Gufl and Ghazan Abad are under PP-10 ( Rawalpindi-V ) .
Towns and villages
Arazi
Azizpur Gujran
Bhatti
Bhalakhar
Bagh Boota
Balimah
Bangyal
Banal
Barota
Basanta
Batahri
Bawli
Bhakhral
Bimmah Gangal
Bismillah Town
Bishandote
Chabutra
Chak Mirza
Chamak
Chamba Kerpal
Chanam
Chappar
Chappri Akku
Choha Khalsa
ChowkPindori
Dhamali
Dahan Gali
Darkali Mamuri
Darkali Sher Shahi
Dera Khalsa
Dhari
Dhari Syedan
Dheri Mirzian
Dhoke Buhari
Dhoke Captain Khaliq Awan
Dhoke Lt Miran Bakhsh
DhoKe Mahjian
Dhoke Moti Masjid
Dhoke Sub Amanat Hussain
Dhoke Sufi Ghulam Farid
Dhoke Adrain
Dhoke Baba Faiz Baksh
Doberan Kallan
Dhok Sabri
Ghangothi
Ghazan Abad
Gohi
Hayal Pindora
Her Dho Chakyal
Jabba
Jabba Channi
Jaswala
Jocha Mamdoot
Kaaliyah
Kalari
Kanoha
Khalwat
Khooe Lass
Kothi Syedan
Kund
Looni Bazdaran
Looni Salyal
Mak Dhoke Bhattian
Majhar
Malook
Mangal Rajgan
Mangloora Shareef
Manyanda
Merah Sangal
Miana Mohra
Mohra Bakhtan
Mohra banni
Mohra Ropyal
Mohrah Adrian
Mohra Mareed
Nala Musalmana
Nambal
Nandna Jattal
Nothia
Pallal Mallahan
Peer Garata Syedan
Phata
Phalina
Sairi Saroha
Pindora Hardo
Pind Mir Gala
Saintha
Saaliyah
Saroha Chaudhrian
Saroha Rajgan
Sadda Kamal
Sakrana
Sakot
Sahib Dhamial
Sohat Hayal Mughal
Samote
Samote Mirzan
Shah Khahi
Sir Suba Shah
Sumbal
Takal
Tamnoha
Tareel
Thala
Tota Rajgan
Walayat Abad
Zia Town
Notable people
Tikka Khan , Army Chief of Staff ( 1972–1976 ) , Governor of East Pakistan ( 1971 ) , Governor of Punjab ( 1988–1990 )
Abdul Aziz Mirza , Chief of Naval Staff , ambassador to Saudi Arabia
Places of interest
Bedi Mahal
Sangni Fort
Pharwala Fort
Phalina Noor Dam
Old Gurdwara in Kanoha
Gallery
References
Tehsils of Rawalpindi District
Walter Nelson may refer to :
Duke Nelson ( Walter John Nelson ) , American college athletics coach and administrator
Walter `` Papoose '' Nelson , American R & B guitarist
See also
Walter Nelson-Rees , cell culture worker and cytogeneticist
The International Monster Truck Hall of Fame , based in Auburn , Indiana , is a shrine to the best drivers in history of monster truck competition . The hall is part of the Kruse Automotive and Carriage Museum .
The hall also displays monster trucks from the earliest days of competition .
First class ( 2011 )
These were drivers recognized as the `` originals '' of the sport
Bob Chandler – Bigfoot
Jeff Dane – King Kong
Dan Degrasso – Beast
Jack Willman – Taurus
Everett Jasmer – USA-1
Fred Shafer – Bear Foot
Second class ( 2012 )
Jim Kramer – Bigfoot
Mike Welch – Mike Welch Motorsports
George Carpenter – Promoter , Safety Director , and Tech Official
Dennis Anderson – Grave Digger
Pablo Huffaker – Jus Showin Off , Grave Digger
Third class ( 2013 )
Gary Porter – Carolina Crusher , Grave Digger , Spider-Man
Allen Pezo – Predator racing
Dan Patrick – Patrick Enterprises , Samson
Scott Stephens – King Krunch , Coors Brewer , Auto Value
Army Armstrong – TV/Live Event Personality/Motorsports Radio
Fourth class ( 2014 )
Michael Vaters – Black Stallion , Vaters Motorsports
Kirk Dabney – Blue Thunder , Nitemare , Extreme Overkill , Monster Patrol
Jon Breen – Mad Dog
Diehl Wilson – Virginia Giant
Andy Brass – Bigfoot
Fifth class ( 2015 )
Billy Joe Miles – President at TNT Motorsports
David Morris – Equalizer
Gene Patterson – Stomper Bully , Bigfoot , Snake Bite ( As Colt Cobra until 1995 )
Alan Tura – Goliath , G-Force
Sixth class ( 2016 )
Bob George – Founder of USHRA/SRO ( PACE , now FELD )
Charlie Pauken – Excaliber , Grave Digger , Monster Mutt
Jerry Richmond – Terminator , Weapon 1 , Lethal Weapon , Overkill
Terry Woodcock – Unnamed and Untamed , Cyclops , Generation X
Seventh class ( 2017 )
Gary Cook – Creator of Equalizer
Jeff Bainter – Driver of Captain USA , High Voltage/Hot Stuff Jeeps
Mike Galloway – Retired Television/Live Event Personality
Seth Doulton – Owner of Golden State Promotions
Jim Reis – Retired driver at Golden State Promotions
Eighth class ( 2018 )
Gary Bauer – Driver of Lon-Ranger , Nitemare , Screamin Demon
Marty Garza – Founder of Overkill Monster Truck racing
Jack Koberna – Driver of Grave Digger 4 , Savage Beast , Cyborg , and Tuff-E-Nuff
Mike Nickell – Retired Driver of Excaliber
Ninth class ( 2019 )
Dan Runte – Driver of Bigfoot , Sometimes drove Snake Bite under the name `` Rick Rattler ''
Aaron Polburn – Founder of Thunder Nationals/Monster Nationals
Cliff Starbird – Monster Vette , Wild Stang , Frankenstein
Jesse Birgy – Driver of Playn For Keeps ( Deceased )
Tenth Class ( 2020 )
Dave Marquart- Excaliber ( Deceased )
Scott Hess- Bear Foot Sport , Hercules ( Retired )
Kevin Dabney- Alien , Chi Town Hustler ( Retired )
Mark Bendler- Kodiak , Shockwave ( retired )
Eleventh Class ( 2021 )
Tim Hall ( Executioner , Rammunition , Iceman , Big Boss , Heavy Metal , crew chief at Hall Brothers Racing )
Mark Hall ( Executioner , Raminator , Big Boss , Heavy Metal , Bulldozer , Smoke Craft )
Bobby Holman ( Holman 's BEAST , Lucas Oil Stablizer , Craniac , Bear Foot )
John Moore ( No Problem ! )
References
Halls of fame in Indiana
Auburn , Indiana
Museums in DeKalb County , Indiana
Automobile museums in Indiana
Monster trucks
Darralynn Hutson is an American Pop Culture Journalist , TV and Film producer and multi-media Specialist .
Darralynn Hutson has been an entertainment journalist for more than twelve years . She learned the skill of listening very early in her career and It 's allowed her to develop longstanding relationships in the entertainment industry . She started her writing career with Urban magazines Upscale and The Source Magazine , reviewing and interviewing what would become Hip Hop greatest . Her niche pieces on black film have appeared in The Source Magazine , Honey , DGA Magazine , Savoy Magazine , Trace and Moviemaker . She writes as a score and Soundtracks columnist for London-based BFM Magazine and the re-launched BE formerly Black Elegance . Her experience as a journalist has afforded her to motion picture industry access . Her Rolodex is valued and current .
Hutson exploded into the film industry after independently producing a film tribute to Langston Hughes , entitled Hughes ' Dream Harlem , with Harlem-based New Heritage Films in 2002 . The film made its national broadcast debut on the Starz ! Network and went on to tour five continents in film festivals , Corporate-funded screenings and college tours . Her very first video production was Connections : a short documentary on the award-winning directors of the American Black Film Festival , formerly the Acapulco Black Film Festival , which screening during their fifth anniversary celebration in 2001 .
Most recently she 's been a part of production management of two series for MTV Networks NEVER BEFORE SCENE : I , ROBOT and YOUR MOVIE SHOW : Shark Tale . Relocating to New York in 2002 , allowed her independent film experience to flourish . Darralynn has worked on the production teams of five short and feature-length film and video independent productions . TV One hired her to produce a pilot episode of a new home renovation series RENOVATE MY HOME that premiered its first season in November 2005 . It was also in 2005 when her partnership with Justin Bryant produced the licensing of eight episodes of the original program for BET JAZZ , The Musicmakers currently negotiating its second season .
References
http : //www.thirteen.org/pressroom/release.php ? get=1993
http : //www2.prnewswire.com/cgi-bin/stories.pl ? ACCT=104 & STORY=/www/story/04-16-2002/0001707499 & EDATE=
http : //www.gerardbutler.net/news/news_main.php ? Action=Full & NewsID=4544
http : //www.urbanslam.com/movie_tested.html
http : //allhiphop.com/stories/lifestylefilm/archive/2008/06/05/20039584.aspx
http : //www.netweed.com/hiphoppress/2005_11_06_archive.html
http : //allhiphop.com/stories/lifestylefashion/archive/2010/03/03/22136409.aspx
Living people
American women journalists
Journalists from New York City
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
Macrobathra cineralella is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae . It is found on the Indian Ocean island of Réunion .
References
Viette , P. 1957c . Lépidoptères ( excepté les Tordeuses et les Géométrides ) . – In : La Faune entomologique de l'Ile de la Réunion . I . - Mémoires de l'Institut scientifique de Madagascar ( E ) 8:137–226 ; pls . 1–4 .
Macrobathra
Moths described in 1957
The Ivy League women 's basketball tournament is the conference tournament in basketball for the Ivy League , and is held alongside the Ivy League men 's tournament at the same venue . The overall event is currently marketed as Ivy Madness . As with the men 's tournament , the women 's event is a single-elimination tournament involving the top four schools in the standings . The tournament format consists of two semifinal games on the first day ( Saturday ) , with the No . 1 seed playing the No . 4 seed and the No . 2 seed playing the No . 3 seed , followed by the championship game played the next day ( Sunday ) . The tournament winner receives the League 's automatic bids to the NCAA Division I women 's basketball tournament . The teams that finish with the best records from the 14-game , regular-season conference schedule will continue to be recognized as Ivy League champions .
Unlike the men 's Ivy tournament , in which the regular-season champion receives an automatic berth in the National Invitation Tournament should it fail to win the conference tournament , a women 's regular-season champion is technically not guaranteed a postseason berth if it does not make the NCAA tournament . However , the Women 's National Invitation Tournament has a standing policy of inviting the top available team from each NCAA Division I conference once the NCAA women 's tournament field has been set . ( This difference is because unlike the men 's NIT , the WNIT is neither owned nor operated by the NCAA . )
Prior to the formal tournament , the Ivy League used a one-game playoff if necessary to break ties eight times with two teams , and in 2001-02 , a three-team tournament , in order to settle the conference championship .
The first two tournaments in 2017 and 2018 were held at the Palestra on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania . The 2019 event was held at John J. Lee Amphitheater , a venue located within Yale University 's Payne Whitney Gymnasium . In 2019 , the Ivy League announced that the men 's and women 's tournaments would rotate among the remaining conference members through 2025 . Due to COVID-19 disruptions , the 2020 tournament was canceled , and the Ivy League did not play a 2020–21 season . The tournament resumed in 2022 , with all venues shifted forward by two years .
Champions
Tournament championships by school
Tournament appearances by school
List of regular season champions
Since 1974 , the Ivy League has had regular season titles for women 's basketball .
1974-75 : Princeton
1975-76 : Princeton
1976-77 : Princeton
1977-78 : Princeton
1978-79 : Yale
1979-80 : Dartmouth
1980-81 : Dartmouth
1981-82 : Dartmouth
1982-83 : Dartmouth
1983-84 : Brown
1984-85 : Brown & Princeton
1985-86 : Dartmouth & Harvard
1986-87 : Dartmouth
1987-88 : Dartmouth & Harvard
1988-89 : Dartmouth
1989-90 : Dartmouth
1990-91 : Harvard
1991-92 : Brown
1992-93 : Brown
1993-94 : Brown & Dartmouth
1994-95 : Dartmouth
1995-96 : Harvard
1996-97 : Harvard
1997-98 : Harvard
1998-99 : Dartmouth & Princeton
1999-00 : Dartmouth
2000-01 : Penn
2001-02 : Harvard
2002-03 : Harvard
2003-04 : Penn
2004-05 : Dartmouth & Harvard
2005-06 : Brown , Dartmouth & Princeton
2006-07 : Harvard
2007-08 : Cornell , Dartmouth & Harvard
2008-09 : Dartmouth
2009-10 : Princeton
2010-11 : Princeton
2011-12 : Princeton
2012-13 : Princeton
2013-14 : Penn
2014-15 : Princeton
2015-16 : Penn
2016-17 : Penn
2017-18 : Princeton
2018–19 : Penn & Princeton
References
Women 's basketball competitions in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2016
2016 establishments in Pennsylvania
The 2019–20 season is Defensa y Justicia 's 7th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football . In addition to the Primera División , the club are competing in the Copa Argentina , Copa de la Superliga and Copa Libertadores .
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 .
Review
Pre-season
Before welcoming any new faces , Defensa y Justicia said goodbye to three players in the early months . Lisandro Martínez 's transfer to Eredivisie side Ajax was announced on 20 May 2019 , while Leonel Miranda switched Argentina for Mexico by signing for Tijuana and Ciro Rius left across the Primera División to Rosario Central in early June . José Luis Fernández was their next departure , as he joined Atlético Tucumán on 17 June . Jonás Gutiérrez departed to Banfield on 19 June . Three incomings came on 24 June , with Marcelo Herrera , Gonzalo Piovi and Juan Rodríguez moving from Belgrano , Racing Club and Fénix - while Daniel González went to Dorados de Sinaloa . Héctor Martínez , from River Plate , was loaned on 27 June . A day after , Rafael Barrios left for San Martín .
Defensa y Justicia defeated Defensores de Belgrano 2–0 on 29 June in a pre-season friendly , with the goals coming from Alexis Castro and Nicolás Fernández . They met in a second match straight after , with Héctor Martínez scoring his first goal in a 1–0 win . A number of players who were out on loan in 2018–19 officially returned to Defensa on 30 June 2019 , with the ones loaned in doing likewise . Maximiliano Caire was signed by Gimnasia y Esgrima on 1 July , on the same day as Guido Mainero completed a loan move in from Vélez Sarsfield . Hours later , Nicolás Maná was snapped up ; having spent the prior months unattached after leaving Greek team Panetolikos . Defensa captured Enzo Coacci from Olimpo on 2 July . Fernando Barrientos went back to Lanús soon after .
Hugo Silva moved to Estudiantes ( BA ) of Primera B Nacional on 1 July . Defensa remained unbeaten in pre-season on 3 July , after beating and drawing with Huracán at the Estadio Norberto `` Tito '' Tomaghello . Diego Mat . Rodríguez went to promoted Central Córdoba on 5 July , as Leonardo Villalba did on 12 July . Fernando Pellegrino rejoined Huracán on loan on 5 July , having returned from the same transaction on 30 June . Defensa drew back-to-back with Chacarita Juniors in friendlies on 6 July . Paraguayan youngster Braian Ojeda was loaned from Olimpia on 12 July . Newell 's Old Boys were fought in exhibition matches on 13 July , with Defensa coming away without goals or a victory ; drawing and losing games at the Predio Áreas Grandes in Florencio Varela .
Talleres , of Remedios de Escalada , clinched the loan signing of Matías Sosa on 17 July . Gonzalo Arrieta departed to Flandria on 19 July . Defensa revealed their squad numbers for 2019–20 on 19 July .
July
Marcelo Herrera scored in Defensa y Justicia 's opening competitive fixture of 2019–20 , as he netted to take a Copa Argentina encounter with Gimnasia y Esgrima to penalties ; which Defensa won , though Herrera was sent off early in the second half . Raúl Loaiza , who was on loan to San Lorenzo last season , joined Defensa permanently from Atlético Nacional on 25 July . After the arrival of Ojeda , a second Paraguayan in Aldo Maiz entered the ranks from General Díaz on 27 July . Defensa suffered a loss to Independiente on the opening day in the league on 28 July .
August
On 1 August , Neri Cardozo was signed by Mariano Soso from Racing Club . Soon after , Juan Martín Lucero and Diego Mar . Rodríguez agreed contracts with Defensa from Liga MX 's Tijuana . That date also saw Lucas Villarruel leave for Newell 's Old Boys . Defensa made it two defeats from two Primera División fixtures on 4 August , losing on the road against Unión Santa Fe . Defensa 's poor start to the competitive season continued on 18 August , as Arsenal de Sarandí scored three unanswered goals in the league at the Estadio Norberto `` Tito '' Tomaghello . Defensa met fellow winless club Gimnasia y Esgrima on 24 August , with Defensa coming away with their first victory after Rafael Delgado 's strike in the second half . Defensa 's first draw came on 30 August - versus Banfield .
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020 .
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Defensa y Justicia 's first opponent of pre-season was revealed on 20 June , as Primera B Nacional side Chacarita Juniors scheduled an exhibition match with them for 6 July . A five-match announcement , including games versus Defensores de Belgrano and Temperley , was made by the club on 27 June ; though the Temperley meeting was later cancelled .
Mid-season
A friendly was announced , on 24 June , with newly-promoted tier two team Atlanta . A third encounter versus Atlético Tucumán was also set . Aldosivi revealed an exhibition match with them on 4 September .
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source : AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July .
Copa Argentina
La Plata 's Gimnasia y Esgrima were drawn to face Defensa y Justicia in the Copa Argentina , at the neutral venue of the Estadio Alfredo Beranger in Turdera ; all matches in the competition are played neutrally .
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Libertadores
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019 .
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Defensa y Justicia seasons
Defensa y Justicia
Mark Starowicz , ( ; born September 8 , 1946 ) is a Canadian journalist and producer .
Born in Worksop , England , the son of Polish émigrés , he and his family immigrated to Montreal in 1954 . He attended Loyola High School and received a B.A . from McGill University in 1968 . In 1964 , he started as a reporter for the Montreal Gazette . He moved to the McGill Daily in 1968 and to the Toronto Star in 1969 .
From 1970 to 1979 , he was a producer for CBC Radio and was responsible for revamping As It Happens and creating Sunday Morning .
From 1982 to 1992 , he was the executive producer of the CBC Television newsmagazine program , The Journal . From 1992 to 2015 , he was an executive documentary producer for the CBC . He was the executive producer of the 2000 mini-series , Canada : A People 's History , and served as head of the CBC Documentary Unit . In 2004 , McClelland & Stewart published his book , Making History : The Remarkable Story Behind Canada : A People 's History ( ) , about his experiences .
After overseeing documentary production at the CBC since 1992 , Starowicz announced he would leave the organization in July 2015 . He planned to launch his own independent production company , Grand Passage Media , which will specialize in documentaries .
Honours
He was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2004 for having `` demonstrated and shared his pride in '' Canada . In 2006 , he was made a member of the Order of Ontario in recognition for having been `` responsible for some of the most influential news programs in Canada '' . Starowicz received the Governor General 's Performing Arts Award for his lifetime contribution to Canadian broadcasting . In 2001 , he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from York University .
In 2015 , he received the Gordon Sinclair Award , the lifetime achievement award for Canadian broadcast journalism from the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television .
References
External links
Official site
1946 births
Living people
Massey College , Toronto
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian newspaper journalists
Canadian male journalists
Canadian television producers
Canadian people of Polish descent
English emigrants to Canada
McGill University alumni
Members of the Order of Ontario
Officers of the Order of Canada
People from Montreal
Governor General 's Performing Arts Award winners
Canadian Screen Award winning journalists
Avraham-Yehoshua Makonovetsky ( , , born 1872 ) was a Russian-Jewish Klezmer violinist who acted as a key informant to the Soviet Ethnomusicologist Moisei Beregovsky in the 1930s . His extensive handwritten manuscripts , which are now in the collection of the Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine , serve as a rare example of nineteenth-century Klezmer violin music .
Biography
Makonovetsky was born in Khabne , Kiev Governorate , Russian Empire in 1872 . ( The town was renamed Poliske in 1957 and is now depopulated due to being located in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone of Ukraine . ) Makonovetsky 's father , known as ( Israel the fiddler ) had lived in Bragin ( now Brahin , Belarus ) before marrying a woman from Khabne and relocating there , forming a klezmer ensemble there in 1858 . In Khabne he worked not only as a klezmer but also as a barber , watchmaker , glazier , and music teacher to local poor children . Makonovetsky began to study the violin under his father at age seven , and his father later sent him to study under another violinist , Arn-Moyshe Sirtovich , in Malyn . After a few years of being underpaid and underfed as the second fiddler in Sirtovich 's orchestra , Makonovetsky left Malyn for Radomyshl where he joined another klezmer ensemble under Nune Vaynshteyn . In 1893 he returned to Khabne where he continued to work as a klezmer , and he soon became the leader of the local ensemble . The band served not only Khabne but also smaller towns within a fifty-kilometre radius which had no klezmer bands of their own .
In Khabne in the 1890s he sought to improve his musical education , studying printed works by Charles Auguste de Bériot and a method book by a Polish author named Niedzielski , as well as other published concertos and etudes . He then set out to document klezmer material and compositions from other towns such as Makariv , Radomyshl , and Bila Tserkva .
Makonovetsky spent the rest of his life in Khabne , apparently still working as a klezmer musician into the early Soviet era . His exact place and date of death are unknown , although he was certainly alive in the late 1930s when he corresponded with Beregovski .
Legacy
Makonovetsky is known today because he acted as a key informant to Moisei Beregovsky , the Soviet Jewish ethnomusicologist and klezmer researcher . He answered Beregovsky 's questionnaire about how the klezmer trade worked in the late nineteenth century and shared his extensive manuscripts of klezmer repertoire , some of which Beregovsky used in his published volume of Jewish Instrumental Folk Music . After the closure of the Institute of Jewish Proletarian Culture in Kyiv in 1949 , Beregovsky 's materials ( including Makonovetsky 's manuscripts ) were kept in storage for several decades before being integrated into the collection of the Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine after the breakup of the Soviet Union . At present , his manuscripts have been digitized and are accessible as part of a digitization project by the Klezmer Institute called the Kiselgof-Makonovetsky Digital Manuscript Project ( KMDMP ) .
References
External links
Kiselgof-Makonovetsky Digital Manuscript Project , a project to transcribe Makonovetsky 's manuscripts along with those of Susman Kiselgof
Klezmer musicians
1872 births
20th-century deaths
Year of death unknown
People from Poliske
19th-century musicians of the Russian Empire
Jews from the Russian Empire
Jewish violinists
Violinists of the Russian Empire
Küsnacht Goldbach is a railway station in Switzerland , situated near to the banks of Lake Zurich in the village of Goldbach , which is itself in the municipality of Küsnacht . The station is on the Lake Zurich right bank railway line .
The station is served by the following passenger trains :
References
Railway stations in the canton of Zürich
Swiss Federal Railways stations
Küsnacht
Fair Wisconsin , previously called Equality Wisconsin is a nonprofit social welfare organization dedicated to securing equal rights under the law for Wisconsin 's gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) community . The organization was founded in 2001 as LGBT Center Advocates , consolidating elements of the Domestic Partnership Task Force , the Human Rights League , and the LGBT Alliance for Equality . The organization claims several accomplishments in areas of domestic partner recognition , non-discrimination , and securing greater resources for LGBT social services .
History
During the first years of its existence , the organization was affiliated with the Milwaukee LGBT Community Center . It grew dramatically from 2004 to 2005 in preparation to oppose a constitutional ban on civil unions and marriages for same-sex partners , with efforts to organize clergy against the ban and persuade voters in door-to-door canvassing . Center Advocates worked with Madison-based Action Wisconsin to organize against the ban from 2004 to 2005 , formalizing one unified campaign known as Fair Wisconsin in early 2006 . However , the constitutional ban passed in November 2006 .
In 2007 , Center Advocates advocated for domestic partner benefits for Milwaukee Public Schools employees , and additional nondiscrimination protections for transgender people in the City of Milwaukee .
Center Advocates became an independent advocacy organization in 2008 , and in June 2009 its members voted to change the agency 's name to Equality Wisconsin . A charitable arm , Equality Wisconsin Fund , was established in 2008 .
In 2009 , Equality Wisconsin supported Governor Jim Doyle 's domestic partner proposals in the state budget , and sought to educate the public about the new provisions available to gay and lesbian couples . Educational efforts in religious communities and Milwaukee 's Latino community were also ongoing in 2009 .
In 2013 Equality Wisconsin merged with its Madison counterpart , Fair Wisconsin . The organization is now called Fair Wisconsin and is based in Madison .
See also
Recognition of same-sex unions in Wisconsin
References
External links
Fair Wisconsin website
Non-profit organizations based in Wisconsin
LGBT political advocacy groups in Wisconsin
Organizations established in 2001
2001 establishments in Wisconsin
Salaga is a small impact crater in the Argyre quadrangle of Mars , located at 47.19° S and 51.11° W. It is 28.03 km in diameter and lies about halfway between the larger craters of Halley and Hooke . Its name refers to Salaga , a town in Ghana . Along the wall of Salaga Crater , a number of gullies are visible .
See also
List of craters on Mars : O-Z
References
Impact craters on Mars
Argyre quadrangle
Jay Pierrepont Moffat ( January 7 , 1896 – January 25 , 1943 ) was an American diplomat , historian and statesman who , between 1917 and 1943 , served the State Department in a variety of posts , including that of United States Ambassador to Canada during the first year of U.S. participation in World War II .
Background
Moffat was born on January 7 , 1896 in Rye , New York . He was the son of Reuben Burnham Moffat and Ellen Low ( née Pierrepont ) Moffat .
His younger brother was Abbot Low Moffat ( 1901–1996 ) , a member of New York State Assembly from New York County from 1929 to 1943 . His sister , Elizabeth Barclay Moffat ( 1898–1993 ) , was married to John Campbell White ( 1884–1967 ) , the United States Ambassador to Haiti and Peru . His niece , Margaret Rutherfurd White , was married to William Tapley Bennett Jr. ( 1917–1994 ) , the U.S . Ambassador to the Dominican Republic , Portugal , and NATO , in 1945 .
Moffat was educated at the Groton School and attended Harvard University for two years , beginning in 1915 .
Career
Moffat , a professional diplomat , served as the private secretary to the U.S . Ambassador to the Netherlands from 1917 until 1919 . Following his service in the Netherlands , he was the secretary of the American legation in Warsaw from 1919 until 1921 , and in Tokyo from 1921 to 1923 .
Between 1925 and 1927 , he served President Calvin Coolidge as Ceremony Officer at the White House and in 1927 , at the end of his assignment , he was married to Lilla Cabot Grew , the daughter of fellow diplomat Joseph C. Grew . Moffat continued his diplomatic career in the post of secretary to the American legation in Berne , Switzerland , from 1927 to 1931 , and as the U.S. Consul General to Australia from 1935 to 1937 .
From 1937 to 1940 , he again served in Washington , this time in the significant post of Chief of the State Department 's Western European Division . Finally , in June 1940 , after U.S . Ambassador to Canada James H. R. Cromwell resigned after 142 days to run for the U.S. Senate , President Franklin Roosevelt nominated Moffat to his first and , as it turned out , final post in an ambassadorial role as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Canada . He was immediately confirmed and served until his death , two years and seven months later , in the midst of World War II .
Following his death , he was succeeded by Ray Atherton . In his obituary , The New York Times remarked that `` even in war , when death is knocking at such a multitude of doors , the loss of a trusted public man in the flower of his age and his powers is lamentable '' . In addition to his work as a diplomat , he wrote a work on Turkish history and , in 1956 , his papers were donated to the Harvard University Library by his father-in-law Ambassador Joseph Grew .
Personal life
In 1927 , at the end of his assignment at the White House , he was married to Lilla Cabot Grew ( 1907–1994 ) in Hancock , New Hampshire . She was the daughter of Joseph Clark Grew , who was then the Under Secretary of State , and later , the U.S . Ambassador to Japan during the December 7 , 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor , and Alice Perry Grew ( b . 1884 ) . Her maternal grandparents were Lilla Cabot Perry , the impressionist painter of the New England Cabots , and Thomas Sergeant Perry , the noted American scholar . Through her grandfather , she was a descendant of famed American naval hero Oliver Hazard Perry .
Together , Jay and Lilla were the parents of :
Edith Alice Pierrepont Moffat ( 1929–2010 ) , who married Donn Braden Spenser ( 1922–1986 ) , the son of Loyal James Spenser and Mrs. Earl Hagen Foster , in 1949 .
Jay Pierrepont `` Peter '' Moffat , Jr. ( b . 1932 ) , was served as the United States Ambassador to Chad from 1983 to 1985 . He married Pamela Mary Dawson , the daughter of Giles Dawson , in 1953 .
Moffat died on January 25 , 1943 , in Ottawa , two and-a-half weeks after his 47th birthday , with complications from surgery for phlebitis . A service was held for Moffat at Christ Church Cathedral in Ottawa , which was attended by Prime Minister Mackenzie King and Sir Suldham Redfern , who represented the Earl of Athlone , Governor General of Canada .
Moffat was a lineal descendant of John Jay , negotiator of the Treaty of Paris , Secretary of Foreign Affairs and first U.S. Chief Justice .
Official posts
Secretary to the Legation at The Hague ( 1917–1919 )
Secretary to the Legation in Poland ( 1919–1921 )
Secretary to the Legation in Japan ( 1921–1923 )
Ceremony Officer at the White House ( 1925–1927 )
Secretary to the Legation in Switzerland ( 1927–1931 )
Chief of the Western European Division of the State Department ( 1932–1935 )
Consul General at Legation in Sydney , Australia ( 1935–1937 )
Chief of the Division of European Affairs at the State Department ( 1937–1940 )
United States Ambassador to Canada ( 1940–1943 )
References
Notes
Sources
Moffat to Ottawa -- Printout -- TIME at jcgi.pathfinder.com Time magazine June 10 , 1940 story on Jay Pierrepont Moffat 's nomination as Ambassador to Canada
Moffat , Jay Pierrepont , 1896-1943 . Diplomatic papers : Guide . at oasis.harvard.edu:10080 Harvard University Library 's record of the diplomatic papers of Jay Pierrepont Moffat
1896 births
1943 deaths
People from Rye , New York
Groton School alumni
Harvard University alumni
Ambassadors of the United States to Canada
20th-century American diplomats
Stylianos `` Stelios '' Argyropoulos-Kanakakis ( born 2 August 1996 ) is a Greek water polo player , who is a member of Greece men 's national water polo team . He is part of Greece national team that competes at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest . He started his career in Ethnikos , a club with great tradition in water polo . He was named the best rookie of the Greek championship in 2015 and 2016 . He then played for Greek powerhouse Olympiacos , with whom he won the 2017–18 LEN Champions League , 2 Greek Championships and 1 Greek Cup . He is currently a player of VK Jug .
Honours
Club
Olympiacos
LEN Champions League : 2017–18 ; runners-up : 2018–19
Greek Championship : 2017–18 , 2018–19 , 2019–20 , 2020–21
Greek Cup : 2017–18 , 2018–19 , 2019–20 , 2020–21
Greek Super Cup : 2018 , 2019 , 2020
Jug Dubrovnik
Croatian Championship : 2021–22
Awards
Greek Championship Rookie of the Year 2014–15 , 2015–16 with Ethnikos Piraeus
Olympic Tournament 2020 Tokyo Team of the Tournament
Member of the World Team by totalwaterpolo : 2021
References
External links
Greek male water polo players
Olympiacos Water Polo Club players
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
1996 births
Mediterranean Games medalists in water polo
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Greece
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Water polo players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Greece
Olympic medalists in water polo
Olympic water polo players of Greece
Ethnikos Piraeus Water Polo Club players
World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
N3 , or rijksweg 3 , is a freeway in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands . It connects Dordrecht-Zuid with Papendrecht . It 's a freeway that connects the motorways A15 and the A16 .
Motorways in the Netherlands
Motorways in South Holland
Transport in Dordrecht
Papendrecht
Metateratocephalidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Plectida .
Genera :
Metateratocephalus Eroshenko , 1973
Steratocephalus Andrássy , 1984
References
Nematodes
The Campbell Building is small historic commercial building in Crafton , Pennsylvania . It was built about 1911 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 19 , 1988 .
Thomas Campbell was an unsuccessful real estate developer who used the building as a sales office from about 1911 to 1915 . He may have built it at the current location , which was owned by his major financial backer , Mrs. Adelia Silk , or he had it moved from another location . It is built in the Colonial Revival style , with a hipped roof and a neoclassical entrance porch , which reflect the contemporary styles in both local residential and commercial buildings . Nevertheless , it was designed to be noticeable , and its size , red tile roof and original white stucco walls set the building off from the rest of the buildings in the town 's commercial district .
Mrs . Silk died in 1913 , and Campbell died in 1915 after selling fewer than 12 building lots . About 1925 the building was raised up on a new brick foundation . It has been used as millinery shop , a furnace display room , a magistrate 's office , a craft shop , a lunch counter and a weight-loss clinic . When it was threatened with destruction in the 1980s , local residents fought to preserve the building and list it on the National Register .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Colonial Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
Commercial buildings completed in 1911
Buildings and structures in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania
1911 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania
Paul Steven Miller ( May 4 , 1961 – October 19 , 2010 ) was the Henry M. Jackson Professor of Law at the University of Washington School of Law . He was a Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) for almost 10 years , and in 2009 he was chosen to serve as a special assistant to President Barack Obama . Miller , who had the genetic condition achondroplasia ( a type of dwarfism ) was tall . He was known as a leader in the disability rights movement , and an expert on anti-discrimination law and international disability rights .
Biography
Miller was born in Flushing , New York and attended John Glenn High School in Elwood , New York . Miller attended the University of Pennsylvania , where he was active in the comedy troupe Mask and Wig , received his B.A . cum laude in 1983 , and subsequently served as a university trustee . He went to Harvard Law School and received his J.D . in 1986 .
When Miller graduated from Harvard Law , the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 had not yet been adopted and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act did not do enough ; despite his academic credentials of graduating near the top of his class , Miller encountered considerable resistance in his efforts to find a job . Initially he had over 40 firms seeking his application , but later said that he received 45 rejection letters without a single callback . He repeatedly found that law firms would show interest in him , based on his resume , and then lose interest when they discovered his height . He said that one firm told him they were afraid of clients would consider his employment a `` circus freak show '' . A hiring committee told him , `` We 're not going to hire you because we think our clients would think we are running a freak circus if they saw you . '' Miller eventually became a litigation associate at the Los Angeles law firm then known as Manatt , Phelps , Phillips & Kantor . ( Miller 's stint at Manatt Phelps has been identified as an inspiration for the character `` Hamilton Schuyler '' , a dwarf lawyer portrayed by actor David Rappaport in the television series L.A . Law . )
In 1990 Miller became director of litigation for the Western Law Center for Disability Rights at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles . After the election of Bill Clinton as president in 1992 , Miller worked for the transition team as a disability outreach and search manager . He subsequently held posts as deputy director of the U.S. Office of Consumer Affairs and White House liaison to the disability community .
In 1994 President Clinton appointed Miller to be a Commissioner of the EEOC , Miller served a total of ten years , one of the longest tenures of any commissioner in EEOC history . At the EEOC , he worked to develop an alternative dispute resolution program to resolve discrimination claims before litigation . In August 2004 Miller resigned to become a professor at the University of Washington ( UW ) Law School ; his seat on the EEOC remained empty until January 2006 , when it was finally filled by another noted disability activist , Christine M. Griffin . UW made Miller the Henry M. Jackson Professor of Law in January 2008 . At the installation ceremony for this position , Miller 's law school colleague Anna Mastroianni commented , '' Paul Miller may have been born a dwarf , but in reality he is a giant . We are all better for seeing a little further from the perch of his shoulders . ''
In his later career , Miller wrote about the interplay of disability rights and genetic science , writing papers with titles such as `` Is There a Pink Slip in My Genes ? '' and `` Avoiding Genetic Genocide '' . Among other issues , Miller discussed the potential for people to lose their jobs because of the disclosure of their future health risks . Dr. Francis S. Collins , director of the National Institutes of Health and leader of the Human Genome Project , noted that Miller 's `` persistence paid off : after more than a decade of frustration , the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act was finally signed into law in 2008 . Paul was one of its biggest heroes . ''
In 2007 Miller was recruited to join then Senator Obama 's Disability Policy Committee by his long-time friend and protege , Rebecca Cokley . In February 2009 , Miller was appointed as a special assistant to President Barack Obama , with responsibility for managing political appointments at the U.S. Department of Justice and other positions in the new administration , as well as for positions relating to disability programs .
Miller suffered from tumors in his arm during the last decade of his life . An amputation did not prevent the cancer 's recurrence , and he died on October 19 , 2010 .
Honors
Early in his career Miller had become a leader of the Little People of America . In 2002 this organization presented Miller with its annual Award for Promoting Awareness of Individuals with Dwarfism .
Miller was a Phi Beta Kappa Visiting Scholar , Parsons Visiting Scholar at the University of Sydney Faculty of Law , and a Fellow of the British-American Project . In 2003 Miller was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree by City University of New York School of Law .
Personal life
Miller married Jennifer Coletti Mechem , a disability policy coordinator , in 1997 ; They had two children , Naomi and Milo , who were 10 and 5 when their father died .
References
External links
Obituary of Paul Steven Miller at University of Washington School of Law website
1961 births
2010 deaths
People with dwarfism
People from Huntington , New York
University of Washington faculty
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
University of Washington School of Law faculty
People from Flushing , Queens
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission members
LifeZette is a conservative American website founded in 2015 by conservative political commentator Laura Ingraham and businessman Peter Anthony . In January 2018 , Ingraham confirmed that she had sold the majority stake in LifeZette to The Katz Group , owned by Canadian billionaire Daryl Katz .
LifeZette is based in Washington , D.C. As of 2015 , Maureen Mackey was its managing editor and Peter Anthony was its chief executive officer . As was the case with several online-only opinion and commentary outlets , the site received criticism for promoting the Vincent Foster and Seth Rich conspiracy theories in the run-up to the 2016 United States presidential election .
History
Peter Anthony registered LifeZette.com in October 2014 . He developed the site with Ingraham and they launched LifeZette in July 2015 .
The site first hired outgoing Daily Caller reporter Neil Munro to be its political editor , but Munro withdrew before the site 's launch . Quin Hillyer was enlisted to be its political editor , before he was replaced by Keith Koffler in August 2015 . Koffler left the site in May 2016 to work at the Washington Examiner .
LifeZette was the first organization called on by Sean Spicer during the initial White House press conference in January 2017 . Later , Ingraham was announced as the host of Fox News weeknight program The Ingraham Angle .
In January 2019 , LifeZette laid off six staffers .
Promotion of conspiracy theories
Two weeks before the 2016 presidential election , the website posted a video about voting machines possibly being compromised because of links to a company tied to liberal billionaire George Soros .
LifeZette also published a video titled `` Clinton Body Count '' , which promoted conspiracy theories regarding Bill and Hillary Clinton . LifeZette removed the video and later released a statement saying that `` [ t ] he video was made in jest , and merely noted that the theories existed , '' comparing them to viral videos made by `` left-leaning digital outlets like BuzzFeed . ''
References
American political blogs
American conservative websites
American news websites
Internet properties established in 2015
The 20/20 Project was a Canadian hip hop trio from Toronto , Ontario , formed in 2010 . The group consisted of D-Squared ( Emcee ) , Idrees ( Emcee and sometimes credited as Drees or Bigg Drees ) and producer The Unknown DJ , aka DJ Unknown . Their style is old school hip hop ; their songs , which are mainly produced and mixed by DJ Unknown , focus on wordplay and storytelling .
Their debut EP , Employees of the Year received generally positive reviews , and consistently charted in the top 10 on a number of Campus Radio Stations across Canada . It peaked # 1 on Ottawa 's CHUO 89.1 hip hop charts the week ending November 16 , 2010 .
In 2015 , The 20/20 Project released the album Tapes and Crates . The band has been inactive since .
Discography
EPs
Employees of the Year EP ( 2010 ) , Independent
Tapes and Crates ( 2015 )
References
Musical groups established in 2010
Musical groups from Toronto
Canadian hip hop groups
2010 establishments in Ontario
The Linkery was a farm-to-table restaurant in North Park , San Diego , California that specialized in natural meat , local food , fine wines , craft beer , and cask ale . The restaurant 's name referred to its daily-changing offerings of house-made sausages .
The Linkery was founded in 2005 by Jay Porter , a former engineer and consultant for consumer electronics companies with no prior restaurant experience . Porter was responsible for the restaurant 's strict fixed-tipping policy , which angered other nearby establishments .
The Linkery 's philosophy was based in part on the premise that `` eating is an agricultural act , '' proposed by Wendell Berry in The Pleasures of Eating .
As of July 15 , 2013 , The Linkery closed and the location was re-sold to another company .
Recognition
The Linkery was named as one of the 100 best farm-to-table restaurants in America by Gourmet Magazine ( Oct 2007 ) . It was also featured as one of the 100 best places to drink beer in America by Imbibe Magazine ( September 2008 ) .
In March 2010 , the San Diego City Attorney 's office contacted the Linkery 's owner claiming that the restaurant violated California Business and Professions Code Section 12024.2 for unfair competition and making untrue or misleading representations about pricing . It was the owner 's practice to charge an additional 18 % of the price of the total bill .
References
External links
Restaurants in San Diego County , California
Restaurants established in 2005
Restaurants disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in California
2005 establishments in California
Defunct restaurants in California
Huntingfield is the name of a number of places .
Huntingfield , Suffolk , England .
Huntingfield , Tasmania , Australia
Thierry Vincent Moscato , known as Vincent Moscato ( born 28 July 1965 , in Paris ) is a former French rugby union player as well as radio talk host and actor .
Moscato played as a hooker . He won the French Top 14 title with CA Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde in 1991 , and he earned his first international cap on 22 June 1991 against Romania at Bucharest . He was sent off during a match against England at Parc des Princes in 1992 and never played for France again .
Honours
French rugby champion 1991 with CA Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde and 1998 with Stade Français
Challenge Yves du Manoir 1996 with CA Brive
Coupe de France 1999 with Stade Français
Filmography
Theater
Radio
Since 2007 , He is a sport radio talk host with RMC , his daily show is called `` Super Moscato Show '' .
References
External links
Vincent Moscato profile
1965 births
Living people
French male film actors
French rugby union players
Rugby union hookers
Stade Français players
France international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Paris
CA Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde players
Stade Bordelais players
CA Brive players
French male stage actors
Male actors from Paris
Per Erik Wallqvist ( 7 September 1797 in Stockholm – 16 February 1855 ) was a Swedish ballet dancer and ballet master . Wallqvist was the ballet master of the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm between 1827 and 1833 .
References
1797 births
1855 deaths
Swedish male ballet dancers
19th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Ballet masters
Flå is a former municipality in the old Sør-Trøndelag county , Norway . The approximate municipality existed from 1880 until its dissolution in 1964 . Flå was located in the eastern part of what is now the municipality of Melhus in Trøndelag county . The administrative centre was the village of Ler . The main church for the area is Flå Church .
History
The municipality of Flaa was established in 1880 when the municipality of Melhus was divided into two . The new municipality of Flaa had an initial population of 614 . The spelling was later changed to Flå . During the 1960s , there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee . On 1 January 1964 , the neighboring municipalities of Hølonda ( population : 1,428 ) , Horg ( population : 2,560 ) , Flå ( population : 843 ) , Melhus ( population : 3,978 ) , and the Langørgen farm ( population : 11 ) in Buvik were all merged to form a new , larger municipality of Melhus .
Government
The municipal council of Flå was made up of representatives that were elected to four year terms . The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows :
Notable residents
Per Borten , who later became a Prime Minister of Norway , was the mayor of this municipality from 1945 until 1955 .
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
Melhus
Former municipalities of Norway
1880 establishments in Norway
1964 disestablishments in Norway
The Javan trogon ( Apalharpactes reinwardtii ) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae . The species was once lumped together with the Sumatran trogon in a single species , the blue-tailed trogon , but differences in size , weight and plumage have led to the two being split . These two species were once themselves lumped with the rest of the Asian trogons in the genus Harpactes , but have been split into their own genus due to differences in plumage .
The Javan trogon is endemic to western Java in Indonesia .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
Javan trogon
Birds of Java
Javan trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Jones Mountains are an isolated group of mountains , trending generally east–west for 43 km ( 27 mi ) , situated on the Eights Coast , Ellsworth Land , about 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of Dustin Island in Antarctica . The charts of the USAS , 1939–41 , show mountains in this approximate location and relationship to Dustin and Thurston Islands , indicating they were sighted in the flight from the ship Bear , February 27 , 1940 . The mountains appear in distant air photos taken by US Navy Operation Highjump , December 30 , 1946 , and were observed from USN aircraft by Edward Thiel and J. Campbell Craddock , January 22 , 1960 .
The naming was proposed by Thiel and Craddock after Dr. Thomas O. Jones ( 1908–93 ) , American chemist ; senior NSF official in charge of the U.S. Antarctic Research Program , 1958–78 ; Director , Division of Environmental Science , NSF , 1965–69 ; Deputy Assistant Director for National and International Programs , NSF , 1969–78 .
The Christmas Cliffs are a set of south-facing cliffs with two prominent rock outcrops , located south-southeast of Pillsbury Tower in the Jones Mountains . They were mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party , 1960–61 , and so named by the party because the cliffs were visited on Christmas Day of 1960 .
See also
Granite Spur
Greenstone Point
Intrusive Spur
Pond Ridge
References
Mountain ranges of Ellsworth Land
Volcanoes of Ellsworth Land
Miocene volcanoes
Poles in Norway are citizens and residents of Norway who are of Polish descent . They are the biggest immigrant group in Norway .
Demographics
Norway has recently experienced an influx of Polish migrant workers . This is because Norway is a member of the European Economic Area , providing the same free movement of labour as between members of the European Union . According to Statistics Norway , there are 108,255 Poles in Norway , and make up 2.10 % of the Norwegian population , It has in a short time become the largest ethnic minority in the country , and 11.86 % of all foreign residents in Norway are Poles .
Places with significant populations are Oslo , Bergen , Stavanger , Bærum , Sandnes , Trondheim , Drammen , Asker , Sarpsborg .
The first Poles came to Norway in 1830-1831 after the fall of the November Uprising .
Crime
According to Statistics Norway , in the 2010-2013 period , the proportion of Poland-born perpetrators of criminal offences aged 15 and older in Norway was 66.2 per 1000 residents . This was compared to averages of 44.9 among native Norwegians and 112.9 among Norway-born residents with parents of foreign origin . When corrected for variables such as age and sex ratio ( M2 ) , residence ( M3 ) , and employment ( M4 ) , the unadjusted Polish average ( M1 ) for 2010-2013 decreased to 46.18 after age and gender adjustment , 47.07 after residence adjustment , and 41.55 after employment adjustment . Immigrants from Poland were the only over-represented population for which all three adjustable variables , including residence , could explain their over-representation . According to Statistics Norway , as of 2015 , a total of 7,952 Poland citizens residing in Norway incurred sanctions . The principal breaches were traffic offences ( 4,508 individuals ) , followed by other offences for profit ( 1,921 individuals ) , drug and alcohol offences ( 623 individuals ) , public order and integrity violations ( 379 individuals ) , property theft ( 368 individuals ) , violence and maltreatment ( 97 individuals ) , other offences ( 36 individuals ) , criminal damage ( 11 individuals ) , and sexual offences ( 9 individuals ) .
Notable people
See also
Norway–Poland relations
Polish diaspora
References
External links
Norwegia . Polonia i Polacy . Encyklopedia PWN
Związek Polaków w Norwegii z siedzibą w Askim . Strona internetowa
Immigration to Norway
Polish minorities
Polish diaspora in Europe
Gavriil Marinakis ( , c. 1826 - 1866 ) was the hegumenos of Arkadi Monastery and a fighter of the Cretan Revolution of 1866 . He was killed in November 1866 during the siege of the monastery by the Ottoman forces .
Biography
Gavriil Marinakis was born in Margarites , Rethymno round 1826 . In 1856 he was elected hegumenos of Arkadi Monastery . From that position , he took important initiatives for the reconstruction of the monastery . He was quite active at the management of monastic property making sure the monastery land was properly registered . He also donated numerous olive trees to the monastery land .
When the Cretan Revolution of 1866 broke out , Gabriel decided to participate . On 1 October 1866 he participated in the General Assembly of the revolutionaries in Fres , a village near Chania , as chairman of the Revolutionary Committee of Rethymno . Through the General Assembly they tried to appeal to the consuls of the Great Powers in Crete , in order to ensure that a general massacre of women and children by the Ottoman troops would be avoided . At the end of the same month , he participated in a war council held at Arkadi Monastery . There , together with other monks and the chieftain Georgios Daskalakis he disagreed with the proposal of colonel Panos Koronaios to abandon Arkadi , because it was not strong enough for effective defense in a possible Turkish attack . At the same time , he rejected another proposal of Koronaios to destroy the stables and the mill that could provide a bridgehead for enemy forces . However , that was a significant mistake , as Koronaios ' fears proved to be well founded .
On 6 November 1866 , a powerful force of Ottoman troops encircled the monastery . In the monastery there were about 950 people , of which only 300 were armed . Two days later the hostilities began . The hostilities led to the fall of the monastery on 9 November . Gabriel took part in the battle not only by carrying munitions , but also by encouraging the fighters and fighting along their side . Most historians speculate that Gabriel was killed on the last day of the siege . It seems that he either committed suicide to avoid being captured or that he was shot in the stomach . Ottoman soldiers cut off his head , after stripping his dead body of his clothes . Afterwards , they carried his severed head as a trophy and displayed it in different regions of Crete . The day after the monastery 's capture , Gabriel 's decapitated body was buried in the courtyard of the monastery .
References
1866 deaths
People from Geropotamos
Greek revolutionaries
Eastern Orthodox monks
Greek Christian monks
19th-century Eastern Orthodox clergy
19th-century Christian monks
Year of birth uncertain
Greek abbots
Evhen Khytrov ( ; born 18 August 1988 ) is a Ukrainian professional boxer . Khytrov won the gold medal at Middleweight division at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Baku .
Khytrov was also 2011 Ukrainian Nationals champion , and a former Boxing European Cup and European Juniors Boxing Championships winner . He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Career highlights
Professional career
Khytrov vs. Aleem
On January 14 , 2018 , Khytrov fought Immanuwel Aleem for the vacant WBC Silver middlweight title . Aleem defeated Khytrov in the sixth round via TKO .
Professional boxing record
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 8 '' |20 wins ( 17 knockouts ) , 2 losses , 0 draws
|- style= '' text-align : center ; background : # e3e3e3 ; ''
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Res .
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Record
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Opponent
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Type
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Round
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Date
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Location
| style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; `` |Notes
|- align=center
|Win
|18–2
|align=left| Malcom McAllister
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|17–2
|align=left| Brandon Adams
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|17–1
|align=left| Morgan Fitch
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|16–1
|align=left| Jonathan Batista
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|15–1
|align=left| Derrick Findley
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Lose
|14–1
|align=left| Immanuwel Aleem
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|14–0
|align=left| Paul Mendez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|13–0
|align=left| Kenneth McNeil
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|12–0
|align=left| Josh Luteran
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|11–0
|align=left| Nick Brinson
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|10–0
|align=left| Aaron Coley
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|9–0
|align=left| Jorge Meléndez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|8–0
|align=left| Maurice Louishome
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|7–0
|align=left| Louis Rose
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|6–0
|align=left| Willie Fortune
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|5–0
|align=left| Chris Chatman
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|4–0
|align=left| Jas Phipps
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|3–0
|align=left| Julius Kennedy
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win||2–0||align=left| Romon Barber
|||
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|1–0
|align=left| Christian Nava
|||
|
|align=left|
|
References
External links
Profile on AIBA
Evhen Khytrov - Profile , News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1988 births
People from Kryvyi Rih
Living people
Middleweight boxers
Boxers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Ukraine
Ukrainian male boxers
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Lviv State University of Physical Culture alumni
Sportspeople from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
Maktaaral ( , ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Zhetisay . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
Senator McCarty may refer to :
Chester E. McCarty ( 1905–1999 ) , Oregon State Senate
John McCarty ( New York ) ( 1782–1851 ) , New York State Senate
See also
Senator McCarthy ( disambiguation )
Kazygurt District ( , ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Kazygurt . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
Pygmaeosomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida . Adult millipedes in this family have 30 or 32 segments ( counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last ) .
Genera :
Betscheuma Mauriès , 1994
Hendersonula Pocock , 1903
Pygmaeosoma Carl , 1941
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
Robert James Kelly III ( born June 21 , 1974 ) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints in the National Football League and one on the injured reserve list for the New England Patriots .
Career
Kelly retired from football in 2002 and age 28 , after he sustained an injury during training camp to a nerve between his neck and shoulder .
Health problems
On February 2 , 2018 , Kelly 's wife , Emily , wrote an article for The New York Times chronicling her husband 's life after football . She wrote that her husband had never used steroids or had a diagnosed brain injury , but starting in 2009 , he began suffering mood swings and depression and later saw his weight plummet to 157 pounds by 2016 . She wrote that in 2013 , the NFL player retirement plan and supplemental disability plan awarded him total and permanent disability benefits , which will provide monthly payments for the rest of his life . She wrote that the clinician who examined Kelly concluded that `` repeated concussion '' likely had caused Kelly 's `` neuropsychological dysfunction . ''
Personal life
Lives in Ohio .
References
External links
DeVito , Maria ( February 9 , 2018 ) . `` Newark Catholic 's Rob Kelly : Game of football is too violent to play '' . The Newark Advocate .
1974 births
Living people
People from Mount Vernon , Ohio
Sportspeople from Newark , Ohio
American football safeties
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
New Orleans Saints players
New England Patriots players
Massachusetts House of Representatives ' 5th Barnstable district in the United States is one of 160 legislative districts included in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court . It covers parts of Barnstable County and Plymouth County . Since 2021 , Steven Xiarhos of the Republican Party has represented the district .
Towns represented
The district includes the following localities :
part of Barnstable
part of Bourne
Sandwich
part of Plymouth
The current district geographic boundary overlaps with those of the Massachusetts Senate 's Cape and Islands and Plymouth and Barnstable districts .
Representatives
Jeffrey Davis Perry
Randy Hunt
Steven Xiarhos
See also
List of Massachusetts House of Representatives elections
List of Massachusetts General Courts
List of former districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
References
Further reading
External links
Ballotpedia . Massachusetts House of Representatives Fifth Barnstable District
( State House district information based on U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey ) .
House
Government of Barnstable County , Massachusetts
Uzunkol ( , ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Uzunkol . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Jeno 's Pizza may refer to :
Jeno 's , brand of frozen pizza products founded by Jeno Paulucci and operated by General Mills ' Jeno 's / Totino 's division
Jeno 's Pizza ( Colombia ) , a Colombian pizzeria chain owned by Telepizza
See also
Gino 's East , Chicago-based pizzeria chain
Gino 's Pizza and Spaghetti , pizzeria chain in West Virginia
Papa Gino 's , restaurant chain based in Dedham , Massachusetts , USA
The Isuzu Unicab is an SUV produced by the Japanese manufacturer Isuzu from 1967 to 1974 .
History
The model was first presented at the Tokyo Motor Show in 1966 and was offered on the domestic market from July 1967 at a price of ¥ 490,005 . Initially , it was powered by a 1.3-liter gasoline engine , which was later enlarged to 1.5 liters . The Unicab was initially only available as a pickup with 4 seats . In 1970 the model was offered with 2 side benches on the loading area , which increased the capacity to 8 seats . Shortly after the start of sales , the model was also offered with a convertible top and could now be used as a convertible . The windshield could be folded down , but this was no longer allowed due to new safety standards from 1970 and was changed in production . The Unicab was intended more for younger buyers as a recreational vehicle and for the city and therefore had no all-wheel drive . However , the concept for the Japanese domestic market was too early to attract buyers ' sympathy . Accordingly , sales were low and production stopped in 1974 .
The car was not in demand by the army either , although in 1972 , the Indonesian National Armed Forces purchased several hundred units for the Navy and Coast Guard .
References
External links
Unicab
Sport utility vehicles
Cars introduced in 1967
Luke Nosek ( ; born 1975/1976 ) is a Polish-American entrepreneur , notable for being a co-founder of PayPal .
Biography
Łukasz Nosek was born in Tarnów , Poland . After emigrating to the US , he earned a B.S . in Computer Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign .
In the summer of 1995 , while still in college , he co-founded SponsorNet New Media , Inc. , along with fellow Illinois students Max Levchin and Scott Banister . Nosek then worked for Netscape . In 1998 , with Max Levchin , Peter Thiel , Elon Musk , and Ken Howery , Nosek co-founded PayPal , serving as vice president of marketing and strategy , creating the company 's `` instant transfer '' product .
In his first conversation with Thiel , he told Thiel he had just registered to be cryonically suspended , in other words , that he would be subject to low-temperature preservation in case of his legal death in hopes that he might be successfully revived by future medical technology . Thiel himself would later follow Nosek 's example .
After PayPal went public and was sold to eBay for $ 1.5 billion in 2002 , Nosek left the company to travel and pursue angel investing . In 2005 , with Thiel and Ken Howery , he started Founders Fund , a San Francisco-based venture capital firm with over $ 1 billion under management .
In July 2017 , Nosek left Founders Fund to launch Gigafund , an investment fund focused on space exploration .
Nosek was the first institutional investor in Elon Musk 's SpaceX , and sits on the company 's board . He also sits on the board of ResearchGate .
References
External links
1970s births
Living people
Angel investors
American technology company founders
American corporate directors
Computer programmers
People from Tarnów
PayPal people
Polish emigrants to the United States
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
21st-century American businesspeople
Mateo Tanlongo ( born 12 August 2003 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Rosario Central .
Club career
Tanlongo joined the youth system of Rosario Central in March 2010 . After spending the next ten years in their academy , notably becoming the second youngest reserve debutant , the midfielder was promoted into the first-team by Kily González in mid-2020 ; having signed his first professional contract in June . A knee injury in October saw him miss two months . In January 2021 , having gone unused on the bench versus Defensa y Justicia on 2 January , Tanlongo made his debut in the Copa de la Liga Profesional on 9 January in a loss away to Lanús ; replacing Emmanuel Ojeda with seventeen minutes left , aged seventeen .
International career
In 2019 , Tanlongo was selected by the Argentina U16s by manager Pablo Aimar .
Career statistics
.
Notes
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
People from Rosario Department
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine footballers
Argentina youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Rosario Central footballers
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Keedy may refer to :
Keedy House , historic home in Boonsboro , Maryland
People with the surname
Cornelius L. Keedy ( 1834–1911 ) , American pastor , physician , and academic administrator
Edwin R. Keedy ( 1880–1958 ) , American legal scholar and academic administrator
Gary Keedy ( born 1974 ) , English bowler
Jeffery Keedy ( born 1957 ) , American graphic designer , writer , educator
Pat Keedy ( born 1958 ) , American baseball player
Keedy ( born 1965 ) , American singer-songwriter
See also
Keddy ( disambiguation )
Kiddie ( disambiguation )
A modal haplotype is an ancestral haplotype derived from the DNA test results of a specific group of people , using genetic genealogy .
The two most commonly discussed modal haplotypes are the Atlantic Modal Haplotype ( the most common haplotype in parts of Europe , associated with Haplogroup R1b ) and the Cohen Modal Haplotype ( the haplotype associated with the Jewish Cohanim tradition ) . However , a specific modal haplotype may be determined for any genealogical DNA test-based surname project or other test group .
List of modal haplotypes
References
See also
Genealogical DNA test
Genetic genealogy
Genetic genealogy
Sidi Djillali District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria .
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Antonín Dvořák finished the composition of his String Quartet No . 9 in D minor , Op . 34 , ( B . 75 ) on 18 December 1877 , having probably started it in July of that year .
Background
The work was composed in the months after the deaths of two of Dvořák 's children , Ruzena ( died 13 August 1877 at 10 months of age ) and Otakar ( died 8 September 1877 , years old ) . It is dedicated to Johannes Brahms : Dvořák had won the Austrian State Prize fellowship prize 3 times in 4 years ( 1874 , 1876 , and 1877 ) , and after this third success , Brahms , one of the members of the committee responsible for awarding the stipend , referred Dvořák to his own publisher , Fritz Simrock .
Dvořák revised it in 1879 , and Herbert and Truffit suggest that the first performance may have been given by the Quartetto Heller ( Giulio Heller and Alberto Castelli ( violins ) , Carlo Coronini ( viola ) , and Carlo Piacezzi ( cello ) ) , in Trieste , on 14 December 1881 . Šourek , however gives a first performance at a concert of the Musical Section of the Umělecká beseda ( Arts Discussion Group ) in Prague on 27 February 1882 , by Ferdinand Lachner , Petr Mareš , Václav Borecký , and Alois Neruda .
Structure
The work is composed in four movements :
Footnotes
Notes
References
External links
String Quartet No . 9 on a comprehensive Dvořák site antonin-dvorak.cz , accessed 29 May 2018
Dvorak 09
1877 compositions
Compositions in D minor
The Bahia gubernatorial election was held on 5 October 2014 to elect the next Governor of the state of Bahia . If no candidate receives more than 50 % of the vote , a second-round runoff election will be held on 26 October . Governor Jaques Wagner is ineligible to run due to term limits ( eight years ) . In a stunning upset , the PT nominee Rui Costa won the election with 54.5 % of valid votes against 37.3 % of Paulo Souto in the first-round .
Candidates
Opinion Polling
References
Eleições 2014 - Apuração de votos na BA
2014 Brazilian gubernatorial elections
October 2014 events in South America
2014
Evagetes is a genus of spider wasps from the family Pompilidae . There are 72 described species , of which 58 are found in the Palaearctic region , 11 in the Nearctic region , with a few penetrating to the Afrotropical , Oriental and Neotropic regions . Evagetes wasps are kleptoparasitic on other pompilid wasps , especially the genera Arachnospila , Anoplius , Episyron and Pompilus , digging into their sealed burrows , eating the host egg and replacing it with an egg of its own . Evagetes wasps are characterised by their very short antennae . Most are species are black with the base of the antennae rufous , several Evagetes species are very metallic bluish insects .
The type species was named by Lepeletier as Evagetes bicolor in 1845 but this has since been recognised as a synonym for E. dubius which was originally named Aporus dubius .
Species
The following is a list of selected species
Evagetes alamannicus ( Bluthgen , 1944 )
Evagetes anatolicus Van der Smissen , 2003
Evagetes baguenae Junco y Reyes , 1960
Evagetes cabrerai ( Junco y Reyes , 1944 )
Evagetes calefactus Evans , 1966
Evagetes crassicornis ( Shuckard , 1837 )
Evagetes daisetzusanus Ishikawa 1960
Evagetes deiranbo Ishikawa 1960
Evagetes dubius ( Vander Linden , 1827 )
Evagetes elongatus ( Lepeletier , 1845 )
Evagetes fatimaae Wolf , 1990
Evagetes fabrei Van der Smissen , 2003
Evagetes fortunatus Wolf , 1970
Evagetes fortunatarum Wolf , 1980Evagetes gibbulus ( Lepeletier , 1845 ) Evagetes gusenleitneri Wolf 1988Evagetes hyacinthinus Cresson 1867Evagetes iconionus Wolf , 1970Evagetes ingenuus Cresson 1867Evagetes implicatus Haupt , 1941Evagetes ishikawai Lelei 1995Evagetes juncoi Wolf , 1970Evagetes littoralis ( Wesmael , 1851 ) Evagetes longispinosus Wolf , 1990Evagetes macswaini Evans 1957Evagetes magrettii ( Kohl , 1886 ) Evagetes meriane Van der Smissen , 2003Evagetes mochii Priesner , 1955Evagetes mohave ( Banks , 1933 ) Evagetes nasobema Wolf , 1970Evagetes nitidulus ( Guerin , 1838 ) Evagetes orientalis Lelej & Loktiniov 2009Evagetes orichalceus ( Saunders 1901 ) Evagetes padrinus ( Viereck , 1903 ) Evagetes palmatus ( Haupt , 1930 ) Evagetes parifomarvicus ( Sustera , 1924 ) Evagetes parvus Cresson 1865Evagetes paulinus Wolf 1970Evagetes pectinipes ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) Evagetes piechockii Wolf 1981Evagetes piliferus Van der Smissen , 2003Evagetes pilosellus ( Wesmael , 1851 ) Evagetes pontomoravicus ( Sustera , 1938 ) Evagetes proximus ( Dahlbom , 1843 ) Evagetes pseudoleucopterus Wolf 1970Evagetes sabulosus Tournier , 1889Evagetes sahlbergi ( Morawitz , 1893 ) Evagetes servillei Costa , 1882Evagetes siculus ( Lepeletier , 1845 ) Evagetes subangulatus Banks 1919Evagetes subglaber ( Haupt , 1941 ) Evagetes subnudus ( Haupt , 1942 ) Evagetes taiwanus Tsuneki 1989Evagetes transbaicalicus Lelei 1995
Evagetes trispinosus ( Kohl , 1886 )
Evagetes tumidosus ( Tournier , 1890 )
Evagetes tumidinus Wolf , 1970
Evagetes yezoensis Ishikawa 1960
Evagetes zonatus ( Haupt 1930 )
References
Hymenoptera genera
Pompilinae
Taxa named by Amédée Louis Michel le Peletier
Kaunissaare Reservoir is located on Jägala river in Kaunissaare Village , Anija Parish , Harju County , Estonia , near Kehra .
The reservoir is part of the Tallinn water supply system and is connected to Pirita , Soodla and Aavoja rivers via canals .
The area of the reservoir is , average depth is and maximum depth is .
History
The construction of the reservoir took place between 1980 and 1984 .
A fish passage was built between the reservoir and downstream Jägala river in 2015 .
See also
Soodla Reservoir
Raudoja Reservoir
Aavoja Reservoir
Paunküla Reservoir
Vaskjala Reservoir
Lake Ülemiste
List of lakes of Estonia
References
Anija Parish
Reservoirs in Estonia
Lakes of Harju County
Gull Island is a small island in the Churchill river in Labrador , in the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . The Lower Churchill Project will create a major dam in the area . Puffins are some of the animals that live on the Atlantic coast of Gull Island
Islands of Newfoundland and Labrador
Labrador
Scott L. Pleus is a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force . Pleus is Deputy Commander , United States Forces Korea ; Commander , Air Component Command United Nations Command ; Commander , Air Component Command , Combined Forces Command ; and Commander , Seventh Air Force . He is also the United States representative to the joint committee for the Status of Forces agreement between the two countries .
Air Force career
Pleus received his commission in 1989 through the Air Force ROTC program at the University of Minnesota Duluth . During his career , he has commanded at the squadron , group and wing levels and was a Secretary of Defense Corporate Fellow at Sun Microsystems in California . His staff assignments include Executive Officer to the Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force . Prior to his current assignment , he was the Director of Air and Cyberspace Operations , Headquarters Pacific Air Forces , Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam , Hawaii .
Pleus is a command pilot with more than 2,500 flying hours , with combat hours earned during Operations Desert Fox and Southern Watch .
Education
1989 Bachelor of Arts , Communications , University of Minnesota-Duluth 1997 Squadron Officer School , Maxwell Air Force Base , Ala .
2000 Master of Military Operational Arts and Science , Air Command and Staff College , Maxwell AFB , Ala. 2000 Master of Arts , International Relations , Auburn University-Montgomery , Ala .
2002 Air War College , Maxwell Air Force Base , Ala. , by correspondence
2008 Secretary of Defense Corporate Fellow , Sun Microsystems , Menlo Park , Calif .
2010 U.S. Air Force Enterprise Leadership Seminar , Darden School of Business , University of Virginia , Charlottesville 2015 Capstone General and Flag Officer Course , National Defense University , Washington , D.C .
2015 Joint Force Air Component Commander Course , Maxwell AFB , Ala. 2018 Joint Flag Officer Warfighting Course , Maxwell AFB , Ala .
Assignments
March 1990 – March 1991 , Student , undergraduate pilot training , Columbus Air Force Base , Miss .
April 1991 – December 1992 , Student , F-16 Replacement Training Unit , MacDill AFB , Fla .
January 1993 – January 1996 , F-16 Pilot , 18th Fighter Squadron , Eielson AFB , Alaska
January 1996 – December 1996 , F-16 Flight Examiner and Instructor , 35th Fighter Squadron , Kunsan Air Base , South Korea
January 1997 – June 1999 , Flight Commander , F-16 Flight Examiner and Instructor , 34th Fighter Squadron , Hill AFB , Utah
June 1999 – June 2000 , Student , Air Command and Staff College , Maxwell AFB , Ala .
July 2000 – September 2000 , Student , Joint Forces Staff College , Norfolk Naval Air Station , Va .
September 2000 – November 2002 , Joint and Combined Contingency Plans Officer , Alaskan Command , Plans and Programs , Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson , Alaska
November 2002 – April 2003 , Student , F-16 requalification training , 61st Fighter Squadron , Luke AFB , Ariz .
May 2003 – June 2004 , Operations Officer , 56th Training Squadron , Luke AFB , Ariz .
June 2004 – June 2006 , Commander , 63rd Fighter Squadron , Luke AFB , Ariz .
12 , June 2006 – June 2008 , Director , Headquarters AETC Command Action Group , Randolph AFB , Texas
June 2008 – July 2009 , Secretary of Defense Corporate Fellow , Sun Microsystems , Menlo Park , Calif .
July 2009 – May 2011 , Commander , 611th Air and Space Operations Center , JB Elmendorf-Richardson , Alaska
May 2011 – May 2012 , Commander , 8th Fighter Wing , Kunsan AB , South Korea
June 2012 – June 2014 , Executive Officer to the Chief of Staff of the Air Force , Headquarters U.S. Air Force , the Pentagon , Arlington , Va .
June 2014 – June 2016 , Commander , 56th Fighter Wing , Luke AFB , Ariz .
July 2016 – May 2017 , Director , F-35 Integration Office , Headquarters U.S. Air Force , the Pentagon , Arlington , Va .
June 2017 – May 2019 , Director , Plans , Programs , and Requirements , Headquarters Air Combat Command , Joint Base Langley-Eustis , Va .
June 2019 – June 2020 , Director of Air and Cyberspace Operations , Headquarters Pacific Air Forces , JB Pearl Harbor-Hickam , Hawaii
June 2020 – present , Deputy Commander , United States Forces Korea ; Commander , Air Component Command , United Nations Command ; Commander , Air Component Command , Combined Forces Command ; and Commander , Seventh Air Force , Pacific Air Forces , Osan AB , Republic of Korea
Flight information
Rating : command pilot
Flight hours : more than 2,500
Aircraft flown : F-35 , F-16 C/D , AT-38 , T-38 , and T-37
Effective dates of promotions
References
Air Command and Staff College alumni
Auburn University alumni
Living people
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force generals
University of Minnesota Duluth alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
UFC Fight Night : Jędrzejczyk vs. Penne ( also known as UFC Fight Night 69 ) was a mixed martial arts event held on June 20 , 2015 , at O2 World in Berlin , Germany .
Background
The event was expected to be headlined by a light heavyweight bout between former title challengers Alexander Gustafsson and Glover Teixeira . However , Gustafsson pulled out of the bout on May 1 due to an injury . In turn , Teixeira was removed from the card entirely and was rescheduled to face Ovince Saint Preux on August 8 , 2015 , at UFC Fight Night 73 . Subsequently , a UFC Women 's Strawweight Championship bout between current champion Joanna Jędrzejczyk and former Invicta FC Atomweight champion Jessica Penne was announced as the new event headliner .
Makwan Amirkhani was expected to face Diego Rivas at the event . However , shortly after the bout was announced , Rivas was pulled from the fight due to undisclosed reasons . Amirkhani remained on the card to face Masio Fullen .
A welterweight bout between Sérgio Moraes and Peter Sobotta was originally booked for UFC Fight Night 64 . However , the bout was cancelled due to Sobotta being injured . Moraes remained on the card against a different opponent . The fight was later rescheduled for this event . On June 9 , the fight was scrapped once again as Moraes pulled out for undisclosed reasons . He was replaced by promotional newcomer Steve Kennedy .
A light heavyweight bout between Nikita Krylov and Marcos Rogério de Lima was briefly linked to this event . However the pairing was moved a week later to UFC Fight Night 70 .
Derek Brunson was expected to face Krzysztof Jotko at the event . However , Brunson pulled out of the fight on June 9 citing a rib injury and was briefly replaced by Uriah Hall . Three days after the booking , Hall was removed due to an alleged visa issue . In turn , Jotko was removed from the card entirely .
Mike Wilkinson was expected to face Alan Omer at the event . However , Wilkinson suffered a shoulder injury and was removed from the card . Wilkinson was replaced by promotional newcomer Arnold Allen .
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters were awarded $ 50,000 bonuses :
Fight of the Night : Joanna Jędrzejczyk vs. Jessica Penne
Performance of the Night : Mairbek Taisumov and Arnold Allen
See also
List of UFC events
2015 in UFC
References
UFC Fight Night
Events in Berlin
Mixed martial arts in Germany
2015 in German sport
Sports competitions in Berlin
2015 in mixed martial arts
June 2015 sports events in Europe
The following is a list of films produced in the Kannada film industry in India in 1983 , presented in alphabetical order .
See also
Kannada films of 1982
Kannada films of 1984
References
1983
Kannada
Films , Kannada
National Highway 127C , commonly called NH 127C is a national highway in India . It is a spur road of National Highway 27 . NH-127C traverses the state of Assam in India . This highway is located in Chirang district of Assam .
Route
Shyamthai - Hithijhar - Indo/Bhutan border near Galegphu in Bhutan .
Junctions
Terminal near Shymthai .
See also
List of National Highways in India
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 127C on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Assam
Henri Pépin ( born France , 18 November 1864 , died Bordeaux , 1914 ) was an affluent French racing cyclist who once hired two riders to escort him leisurely through the Tour de France , in which they ate at good restaurants and spent the night in expensive hotels . When he had had enough , he paid his assistants – the first domestiques in cycle racing – what they would have earned had they won the Tour and went home by train .
Tour de France
The Tour which made Pépin celebrated started at the Porte Bineau in Paris on 8 July 1907 . Pépin , whom reporters quickly turned into a count or a baron ( see below ) was rider number 59 in a peloton of 112 . He had hired two riders , Jean Dargassies and Henri Gauban to ride with him . Far from competing with the favourites , Gustave Garrigou , Émile Georget and Lucien Petit-Breton , Pépin planned to treat the race as a pleasure ride , stopping for lunch when they chose and spending the night in the best hotels they could find .
The race left the Porte Bineau at 5.30am but without Pépin , Gauban and Dargassies . Pierre Chany reports that Pépin was in conversation with a lady , occasionally raising his hat to other women and blowing kisses . The bunch had already left for its eight-hour ride to Roubaix , but only when Pepin was ready did he say :
The three riders never separated , never hurried . They took 12 hours and 20 minutes longer than Georget on the stage from Roubaix to Metz – they were far from last – and the judges were powerless because the race was decided not on time but points . It mattered less what speed riders competed than the order in which they crossed the line . In an era when riders could be separated by hours , there was no point in hurrying after a rival who could not be caught and passed . The judges had to wait for everyone .
One day the trio came across another rider , not on the road but lying in a ditch .
Somewhere between Lyon and Grenoble on stage five – three times the direct distance the way the race went – Pépin pulled out the money he had promised his little team and set off for the train home . Dargassies joined Pépin on the train . Gauban carried on , finishing 36th in stage six , 27th on stage four . By stage eight he was only 36 minutes in arrears , but something happened on stage nine and he dropped behind by 2 hours and 12 minutes . Despite pulling back to an hour and six minutes on stage 10 , where he finished 14th , he pulled out on the 11th . It was his fifth and final Tour .
It was also the last Tour for Dargassies , who had come 11th in 1903 and fourth in 1904 before abandoning in 1905 and 1907 .
Nobility myth
Henri Pépin , because of his aristocratic-sounding story , is often described as a baron or a count . The Danish writer and television commentator , Svend Novrup , imagined a scene in which Pépin called his assistants to see him :
Two athletic young men entered the beautiful room of a castle near Toulouse . The gorgeous furniture , perfectly hand-crafted , tastefully complemented the decorations on the walls . They were impressed , but they were also curious . Who was this Count Pépin de Gontaud who had asked their help as cyclists ? He did n't disappoint . He shone with idealism if one overlooked a bit of a belly . His dress was modern for 1907 and his handlebar moustache was well kept . He addressed his guests in a light tone ...
The confusion arose because of the trunk of belongings that Pépin carried with him through the Tour . On it was stenciled `` Henri Pépin de Gontaud '' . The `` de '' gave the impression of aristocracy and that was what journalists concluded when they were intrigued by his dilettante manners . The truth was more prosaic : Henri Pépin was simply from a village called Gontaud-de-Nogaret , not near Toulouse but on the Toulouse side of Bordeaux . Far from being his name , it was his address .
The house is still there , in the main street . Pépin was described as a propriétaire , or house-owner . The house is substantial but not a château and there are no extensive grounds .
Nor was Pépin a novice to cycling . He rode seven stages of the 1905 Tour de France . He called it a day from Toulouse to Bordeaux , perhaps when he got close to Gontaud . Dargassies also rode the 1905 race and it was probably there they forged their alliance .
A picture of Pépin on the cover of Le Cycle of October 1894 – he was a celebrity even then – shows the normal lean young man of the period , with intense eyes , a weak chin and the obligatory twizzled moustache . More formal studio pictures show him in the slightly effete , Oscar Wilde-like , pose of gentlemen-displaying-their-calves . A more informal picture shows another Pépin . He is in plus-fours and a four-buttoned jacket . The top button is fastened and through it hangs a St Christopher medal . The picture in Le Cycle describes him as a member of the Veloce Club de Marmande .
Pépin was already vice-consul of the Union Vélocipédique de France when in 1897 he published a booklet about how he and a rider called Richard , possibly his son , rode a tandem from Paris to Agen in 57 hours and 45 minutes They were joined by their trainer , Louis Lambert , on a bicycle .
Their account starts :
Set off from Paris on Friday 21 June 1895 at 5.25am from the Porte Maillot , where Monsieur Haufert , timekeeper of the Union , gave us the starting signal , we crossed the Bois de Boulogne towards Versailles . The weather was cold , that damp coldness of some mornings in June which makes you search for a light jacket and freezes your hands ; but we were full of ardour , replete with good advice and lots of energy and it was happily that Richard and me on the tandem and our trainer Lambert on a bicycle started our long journey for the record from Paris to Agen .
It ends :
The trees passed with an unseen speed , feverish enthusiasm filled our arteries , we lifted our machine with the effort of our pushing , the cyclists who accompanied us , although they were fresh , could not follow us , and it was with happiness that we waved to them from the top of the Petites Soeurs hill in that town of Agen so distant , so desired . A splendid woman gave us flowers there and it was in a whirlwind of dust that we arrived at the Gravier velodrome , in the middle of a crowd of people gathered for the bicycle races and to applaud our arrival . All Agen was there .
Pépin , while not a château-owning aristocrat , did have the leisure of not working . Nor did he lack money , which he made clear to the organiser of the Tour de France . Henri Desgrange replied :
Dear Mr Pépin , it is with great pleasure that , according to the desire you expressed in your last letter , instead of sending you cash for the allowances owed to you , L'Auto will provide you with a medal to the same value .
Pépin also toured Europe by bicycle and amassed a collection of photographs , many of them made by heavy glass negatives which he carried with him .
Death
Pépin died in Bordeaux in 1914 of `` athleticism '' , which could mean a coronary attributed to a heart enlarged by sport . He had started his third Tour de France that summer .
References
External links
Van Mol cartoon of Pepin 's 1907 Tour de France
1864 births
1914 deaths
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Bordeaux
Cyclists from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
The 1990 Havering Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the council stayed in no overall control .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
This is the complete list of all entertainment events held , cancelled and announced to be held in the Stožice Arena .
Entertainment events
Notes
Lists of events in Slovenia
Buildings and structures in Ljubljana
Lists of events by venue
Senerath Gunesekera Vidaneralalage Mahen Dias Gunasekera ( born 29 March 1953 ) was a Sri Lankan lawyer and politician . He was elected from the Gampaha District from the United National Party to the Parliament of Sri Lanka in the 1989 general elections and served as Deputy Minister of Justice . He was the third son of Bennet Gunasekera .
See also
List of political families in Sri Lanka
References
1953 births
Deputy ministers of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 9th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Sinhalese lawyers
Sinhalese politicians
United National Party politicians
Danielle McCulley ( born January 18 , 1975 ) is a former professional basketball player for the Indiana Fever between 2000–02 and Seattle Storm between 2002-04 in the Women 's National Basketball Association .
NCAA career
She played college basketball for Purdue Boilermakers between 1993–95 and Western Kentucky Hilltoppers between 1996-98 .
USA Basketball
McCulley participated on the USA team as part of the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg , Canada . The team went 4–3 and earned a bronze medal . McCulley averaged 7.5 points per game .
Professional career
ABL
She played for Portland Power in the American Basketball League in 1998-99 season .
WNBA
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2000–01
| align= '' left '' | Indiana Fever
| 29 || 2 || 15.7 || .412 || .176 || .730 || 2.8 || 0.7 || 0.6 || 0.8 || 6.0
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2001–02
| align= '' left '' | Indiana Fever
| 8 || 2 || 11.3 || .278 || .500 || .944 || 2.1 || 0.6 || 0.0 || 0.3 || 3.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2002–03
| align= '' left '' | Seattle Storm
| 4 || 1 || 10.8 || .469 || .000 || 1.000 || 1.8 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 0.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2003–04
| align= '' left '' | Seattle Storm
| 7 || 0 || 3.7 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.1 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.3
European career
She also played for Apollon from Greece for 1999-00 , Beşiktaş Istanbul from Turkey for 2000-01 season and also played for Fenerbahçe Istanbul from Turkey ( won the Turkish Women 's Basketball League ) for 2001-02 and Ramat HaSharon from Israel for 2002-03 .
References
External links
WNBA Player Profile
WNBA Statistics
1975 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Centers ( basketball )
American women 's basketball players
Western Kentucky Lady Toppers basketball players
Seattle Storm players
Indiana Fever players
Fenerbahçe women 's basketball players
United States women 's national basketball team players
Angulimala ( ) is an upcoming Indian Kannada drama movie starring Saikumar and Raghu Mukherjee in the lead . This film is a message against terrorism , return to the days of Gautama Buddha . This film is directed by Baraguru Ramachandrappa and produced by B. K. Srinivas under Sri Harsha productions banner . V. Manohar is the music director and Nagaraj Adwani is the cinematographer .
The film got selected to premier at the 3rd Annual Rafi Peer Film Festival held at Lahore in Pakistan . It has also been selected for the International Forum of Cinema section of the Kolkata International Film Festival .
Cast
Saikumar as Angulimala
Raghu Mukherjee as Buddha
Jayanthi
Mukhyamantri Chandru
Vatsala Mohan
Girija Lokesh
Harini
Radha Ramachandra
Pallakki Radhakrishna
Production
Prof. Baraguru Ramachandrappa had finished the shooting of his upcoming project `` Angulimala '' within stipulated time and budget . Dialogue king of South Indian cinema Sai Kumar is playing the title role . BK Srinivas of Sri Harsha Productions is producing this film . This producer director team is the hit makers of sandal wood in this year . Their film Bhagirathi is the first 100 days film of Kannada in 2012 . The team always make films having some social commitments .
Angulimala is completed with 32 days shoot and the climax is set at Bangalore Palace . This film is a message against terrorism , return to the days of Gautama Buddha . A press meet was arranged at Bangalore Palace On the completion of shooting .
References
Films about Buddhism
Indian drama films
2013 drama films
2013 films
Films directed by Baraguru Ramachandrappa
Cultural depictions of Gautama Buddha
Films scored by V. Manohar
2010s Kannada-language films
Granit may refer to the following people :
Given name
Granit Lekaj ( born 1990 ) , Kosovo–born Swiss–Albanian football player
Granit Rugova ( born 1985 ) , Kosovan basketball player
Granit Taropin ( born 1940 ) , Russian wrestling coach
Granit Xhaka ( born 1992 ) , Swiss-Albanian football player
Surname
Ragnar Granit ( 1900–1991 ) , Finnish scientist
Yalçın Granit ( born 1932 ) , Turkish basketball player , coach and sports journalist
Condylanthidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria .
Genera :
Cadetactis Fautin , 2016
Charisactis Ocaña & Çinar , 2018
Charisea Torrey , 1902
Charisella Carlgren , 1949
Condylanthus Carlgren , 1899
Macrocnema Carlgren , 1928
Pseudhormathia Carlgren , 1943
Riactis Fautin , 2016
Segonzactis Riemann-Zürneck , 1979
References
Actinioidea
Cnidarian families
New Market United Methodist Church is a historic church at 310 Hurricane Road in New Market , Madison County , Alabama , United States . It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
In 1920 , a white frame church was demolished and the current circular brick church was constructed . The architect was Frank Estes , although the work was completed by another contractor . The church 's architecture reflects two key influences : Andre Palladio 's 16th-century Villa Capra , and the `` Akron Plan , '' which was created in the late 1800s by the Methodist Church of Ohio . The Palladium Italian Renaissance influence is evident in the central dome and in the main north and east facades . The influence of the `` Akron Plan , '' by contrast , can be seen in the quarter-circular auditorium surrounded by four Sunday school alcoves .
The church 's current pastor is Christy Noren-Hentz . She pursued a degree in Youth Ministry and Education at Greenville College , Illinois , and later completed a degree at Princeton Theological Seminary . She was also ordained as a deacon of the Free Methodist Church .
References
External links
Official Website
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Colonial Revival architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1921
Churches in Madison County , Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Madison County , Alabama
Mahmudoba may refer to :
Mahmudoba , Khachmaz , Azerbaijan
Mahmudoba , Shahbuz , Azerbaijan
German submarine U-627 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . Its hull was laid down on 8 August 1941 at the yards of Blohm & Voss in Hamburg and it was commissioned on 18 June 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Robert Kindelbacher .
U-627 was sunk on 27 October 1942 just south of Iceland in position by depth charges from a British B-17 Flying Fortress bomber from 206 Squadron RAF . This resulted in the loss of all 44 crew members .
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines . U-627 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged . She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke , six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced , two BBC GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged . She had two shafts and two propellers . The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged , the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced , she could travel at . U-627 was fitted with five torpedo tubes ( four fitted at the bow and one at the stern ) , fourteen torpedoes , one SK C/35 naval gun , 220 rounds , and a C/30 anti-aircraft gun . The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty .
Patrol and loss
U-627 departed Kiel on 15 October 1942 bound for the North Atlantic via the Norwegian coastline and the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands . She was at sea for only 13 days before being spotted South by Southwest of Iceland by a B-17 patrol bomber of 206 Squadron RAF - FL457/F , piloted by Pilot Officer R.L . Cowey - and sunk with depth charges , in position with a loss of all 44 men aboard .
References
Bibliography
German U-Boat Losses During World War II by Axel Niestle , published by United States Naval Inst ( 1998 ) , .
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
World War II submarines of Germany
U-boats sunk in 1942
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Ships built in Hamburg
U-boats commissioned in 1942
1942 ships
U-boats sunk by British aircraft
U-boats sunk by depth charges
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in October 1942
Belmont Regional Park is a regional park located between Lower Hutt and Porirua , in the Wellington Region at the southern end of New Zealand 's North Island . It is administered by Wellington Regional Council .
The park is the largest regional park in the Wellington region . It was the first park in New Zealand to include land for recreation , conservation and farming .
Geography
The park covers about from Wellington Harbour to Haywards and to Porirua .
It contains farm land , native bush , and peaks up to ( Belmont Trig ) .
The hills were originally covered in rimu and northern rata , over a canopy of tawa and hinau . Some pockets of native forest have remained , particularly around Korokoro Valley , which has been used for water collection .
History
19th century - 1986
European settlers took private ownership of the area in the late 18th century , clearing the dense bush for farmland .
The New Zealand Government purchased some of the land for water during the early 19th century . The New Zealand Army also purchased land for ammunition magazines during the World War II , to store munitions used in the Pacific Ocean theatre .
1986 - 2016
The park was established in 1986 , under the name Waitangirua Farm .
It was renamed Belmont Regional Park in 1989 , becoming the first park in New Zealand to combine land for recreation , conservation and farming .
Landcorp took ownership of part of the park from June 1986 to June 2016 , which it used to run a sheep and beef breeding farm .
Landcorp attempted to sell a third of the park to private farmers in 2005 . After a local campaign against the sale , the New Zealand Government , Wellington Regional Council and Porirua City Council intervened to buy the land instead .
2016 - 2020
When Landcorp 's lease ended in June 2016 , part of the land was allowed to revert to native vegetation . The remainder was opened to commercial farming licenses .
The construction of Transmission Gully between 2016 and 2022 further reduced the available grazing area in the park .
A body was discovered next to a burnt car in the park in February 2016 .
A helicopter with specialist thermal gear was used to find a missing beagle in the park in April 2018 .
In August 2018 , children found an explosive shell in the regional park that appeared to be from World War II .
The company in charge of building Transmission Gully was convicted and fined for discharging sentiment into streams in Belmont Regional Park over a month-long early 2019 , with sentencing occurring in 2020 .
2020 - Present
Wellington Regional Council consulted on the future of the park in 2020 , opting reduce stock grazing and increase native bush and wetlands .
In 2021 , there were reports of deer turning up in the regional park and nearby suburbs .
Planting was due to take place in western parts of the park in 2022 , as part of New Zealand 's largest ever plant restoration project .
Recreation
There are several entrances from the Hutt Valley side and two on the Porirua side . Some tracks permit mountain biking and horse riding . The 6-7 hour 'Puke Ariki ' traverse , is used by trampers and mountainbikers .
There is also a cheap camping site in the park .
References
External links
Wellington Regional Council
Regional parks of New Zealand
Lower Hutt
Porirua
Parks in the Wellington Region
A bird observatory is a centre for the study of bird migration and bird populations . They are usually focused on local birds , but may also include interest in far-flung areas . Most bird observatories are small operations with a limited staff , many volunteers and a not-for-profit educational status . Many bird observatories conduct bird ringing or bird banding ( term in the United States ) .
Australia
Barren Grounds Bird Observatory , New South Wales
Broome Bird Observatory , Western Australia
Eyre Bird Observatory , Western Australia
Rotamah Island Bird Observatory , Victoria
Brazil
Mantiqueira Bird Observatory ( Observatório de Aves da Mantiqueira )
Britain and Ireland
The United Kingdom 's first bird observatory was established in 1933 by Ronald Lockley in the Welsh island of Skokholm . This is a list of members of the Bird Observatories Council of Britain and Ireland .
Alderney Bird Observatory , Alderney
Bardsey Bird and Field Observatory , Bardsey Island
Calf of Man Bird Observatory , Calf of Man
Cape Clear Bird Observatory , Cape Clear
Copeland Bird Observatory , Copeland
Dungeness Bird Observatory , Dungeness
Fair Isle Bird Observatory , Fair Isle
Filey Bird Observatory , Filey
Flamborough Bird Observatory , Flamborough Head
Gibraltar Point Bird Observatory , Gibraltar Point
Hilbre Bird Observatory , Hilbre Islands
Holme Bird Observatory , Holme next the Sea
Isle of May Bird Observatory & Field Station , Isle of May
Landguard Bird Observatory , Landguard
North Ronaldsay Bird Observatory , North Ronaldsay
Portland Bird Observatory and Field Centre , Portland
SBBOT Field Centre , Sandwich Bay
Skokholm Bird Observatory , Skokholm
Spurn Bird Observatory , Spurn
Walney Bird Observatory , Walney Island
Canada
Observatories belonging to the Canadian Migration Monitoring Network :
Holiday Beach Migration Observatory
Rocky Point Bird Observatory
Vaseux Lake Bird Observatory
Mackenzie , British Columbia|Mackenzie Nature Observatory ( www.MackenzieNatureObservatory.ca )
Lesser Slave Lake Bird Observatory
Beaverhill Bird Observatory
Inglewood Bird Sanctuary
Last Mountain Bird Observatory
Delta Marsh Bird Observatory
Thunder Cape Bird Observatory
Whitefish Point Bird Observatory
Long Point Bird Observatory
Haldimand County , Ontario|Haldimand Bird Observatory
Toronto Bird Observatory
Prince Edward Point Bird Observatory
Innis Point Bird Observatory
Observatoire d'oiseaux de Tadoussac
Point Lepreau
Brier Island Bird Migration Research Station
Atlantic Bird Observatory
Gros Morne National Migration Monitoring Station
Bruce Peninsula Bird Observatory
St. Andrews Banding Station
McGill Bird Observatory / Observatoire d'Oiseaux de McGill
Costa Rica
Costa Rica Bird Observatories
Czech Republic
Červenohorské sedlo in Hrubý Jeseník
Estonia
Kabli Bird Observatory
Vaibla Bird Observatory
France
Ligue pour la Protection des Oiseaux
Germany
Randecker Maar Observatory for Bird and Insect Migration , Swabian Jura , Baden-Württemberg
Heligoland Bird Observatory
Rossitten Bird Observatory ( the world 's first , now in Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast )
Greece
Antikythira Bird Observatory
Hungary
Ócsa Bird Ringing Station
Israel
Jerusalem Bird Observatory
Jordan
Aqaba Bird Observatory
Nepal
Kosi Bird Observatory
Peru
Manu Bird Observatory
Sweden
Falsterbo Bird Observatory
Ottenby Bird Observatory
Switzerland
Swiss Ornithological Institute
United States
Alaska Bird Observatory , Alaska
Biocore Prairie Bird Observatory , Wisconsin
Black Swamp Bird Observatory , Ohio
Braddock Bay Bird Observatory , New York
Cape May Bird Observatory , New Jersey
Cape Romain Bird Observatory , South Carolina
Chipper Woods Bird Observatory , Indiana
Coastal Virginia Wildlife Observatory , Virginia
Derby Hill Bird Observatory , New York
Golden Gate Raptor Observatory , California
Great Basin Bird Observatory , Nevada
Gulf Coast Bird Observatory , Texas
Hawk Mountain Sanctuary , Pennsylvania
Hawk Ridge Bird Observatory , Minnesota
Hornsby Bend Bird Observatory , Texas
Humboldt Bay Bird Observatory , California
Intermountain Bird Observatory ( formerly Idaho Bird Observatory ) , Idaho
Klamath Bird Observatory , Oregon
Manomet Center for Conservation Sciences , Massachusetts
Missouri River Bird Observatory , Missouri
Norman Bird Sanctuary , Rhode Island
Audubon Society of Rhode Island , Rhode Island
Point Reyes Bird Observatory , California
Powdermill Avian Research Center , Pennsylvania
Rio Grande Valley Bird Observatory , Texas
Rocky Mountain Bird Observatory , Colorado
Rouge River Bird Observatory , Michigan
San Francisco Bay Bird Observatory , California
Sand Bluff Bird Observatory , Illinois
Sandy Hook Bird Observatory , New Jersey
Southeastern Arizona Bird Observatory , Arizona
The Institute for Bird Populations , California
Whitefish Point Bird Observatory , Michigan
References
External links
Canadian Migration Monitoring Network
The Bird Observatories Council of Britain and Ireland
Observatory
Yelizaveta Nikolayevna Osetinskaya ( ; born 3 May 1977 , Moscow ) is a Russian journalist and media manager . She is notable as a former editor-in-chief of the Russian edition of Forbes ( 2011-2013 ) and RBC ( 2014-2016 ) . Her reforms at RBC helped make it one of the most-cited Russian media holdings . Under her editorship , RBC emphasized investigative journalism , with highlights including the participation of Russian troops in the War in Donbass and the business connections of president Vladimir Putin 's family .
Biography
Family and Early Years
Osetinskaya was born in Moscow in 1977 . Her father Nikolay Iosifovich Osetinskiy was a professor in the Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas . She graduated from Moscow public school №1543 in 1994 .
Osetinskaya is an alumnus of the MSU Faculty of Economics , she graduated in 1998 . During her students years , in 1995 she started reporting for RBC .
Career
Between November 1999 and April 2011 Osetinskaya worked for Vedomosti . She started as a correspondent and gradually rose to editor-in-chief position . In 2005 she obtained an MBA in a joint program of RANEPA and the Kingston University ; in the same year she started as a radio host on ‘ Echo of Moscow ' .
In 2009 Vedomosti had a conflict with Oleg Deripaska 's Rusal . The newspaper published data on $ 5,98 billion losses of Rusal in 2008 and $ 720 mln losses in the first 6 months of 2009 . Rusal lawyers accused the newspaper for disclosing business secrets and demanded to reveal the sources , despite prohibition of such revealing enshrined in state Media Law . The company also tried to forbid Vedomosti to publish any news on its account . Osetinskaya spoke out publicly and condemned the intimidation of the journalists . Due to her positions , the Media Workers Union wrote an open letter to Deripaska , demanding to end pressure on the media . Later on , Vedomisti continued to write about Deripaska 's companies and Rusal .
In May 2011 - December 2013 , Osetinskaya was the editor-in-chief of the Russian edition of Forbes .
In January 2014 she started as the editor-in-chief of business-news conglomerate RBC , which included the television network , the website , the daily newspaper , and the magazine .
On 13 May 2016 , together with two more editors of the RBC Information Systems , she was fired with immediate effect . It is believed that this was a consequence of the publication about the Panama Papers and their connections to Vladimir Putin . Earlier that year , she was named a 2016-17 International John S. Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford University .
In 2016 , Osetinskaya was offered a John S. Knight Fellowship at Stanford University . In the same year , she also received a scholarship to the Investigative Reporting Program at the University of California . After graduation , she returned to Russia and launched The Bell , a six-person media start-up , independent of oligarch or state money .
In December 2017 , Osetinskaya launched her own Youtube show ‘ Russkie Norm ' ( trans . ‘ Russians are Okay ' ) where she interviewed successful Russian scientists and businessmen , living abroad .
In July 2020 , she signed a letter in support of journalist , who was accused for state treason by the Russian authorities .
Crackdown
After the 2022 Russia invasion of Ukraine , Osetinskaya condemned the aggression . She also stopped releasing her ‘ Russkie Norm ' show , explaining that ‘ now it would be cynical to speak about talents , business and development ' . Instead , she started a series of interviews with political analysts , economists and other experts , trying to analyze Russia 's future in economics . On April 1 , 2022 , she was declared foreign agent by the Russian Ministry of Justice .
References
1977 births
Living people
Russian women journalists
Russian magazine editors
Women magazine editors
People listed in Russia as media foreign agents
John Martin Keith is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League .
References
1977 births
Living people
People from Newnan , Georgia
Sportspeople from the Atlanta metropolitan area
Players of American football from Georgia ( U.S. state )
American football safeties
Furman Paladins football players
San Francisco 49ers players
RentPath Inc. is a media company that owns Rent.com , ApartmentGuide.com , Lovely , and Rentals.com , which combined see 16 million visitors each month . It was previously called K-III and PriMedia . The company was acquired by Redfin in April 2021 .
History
The company was founded in 1989 as K-III Communications Corporation by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts .
In 1989 , it acquired Intertec Publishing , Macmillan Book Clubs ( renamed Newbridge Communications ) , and Gryphon Editions from Macmillan Inc. and Webb Publishing from Maxwell Communications Corporation .
In 1990 , it acquired Ward 's from Thomson Corporation It also acquired the business publications of Andrews Communications , Readers Garden , operator of special interest book clubs , and Weekly Reader and Funk & Wagnalls from Marshall Field 5th .
In 1991 , it acquired 9 magazines from News Corporation for $ 600 million : Daily Racing Form , Soap Opera Digest , Soap Opera Weekly , New York , The Atlantic , Saturday Evening Post , Fortune , Playboy , Seventeen , Premiere , European Travel & Life , Automobile , and New Woman .
In 1992 , it acquired medical publisher Krames from Grolier It also acquired Films for the Humanities & Sciences .
In 1993 , it acquired three magazines from Wiesner . It also acquired World Almanac from E. W. Scripps Company .
In 1994 , it acquired Stagebill , Gibbs College , Haas Publishing , now Consumer Source Inc. , publisher of Apartment Guide , and PJS Publications .
In 1995 , the company became a public company via an initial public offering , selling 15 million shares at $ 12 per share in a deal that left Kohlberg Kravis Roberts with control of 82.2 % of the company 's shares . It also acquired the US trade magazine operations of Maclean-Hunter , Chicago from Landmark Media Enterprises , and McMullen & Yee Publishing , a publisher of automotive magazine .
In 1996 , the company acquired 14 publications from Cahners Consumer Magazines , Pro Football Weekly , and Westcott Communications , later renamed Primedia Workplace Learning .
In 1997 , the company acquired Farm Press , Park Avenue Publishing , publisher of Lowrider , and Intellichoice . It also sold Krames to Times Mirror , sold New Woman to Rodale , Inc. , and sold Katharine Gibbs to Career Education Corporation .
As of November 18 , 1997 , the company changed its name to Primedia to more clearly focus on its core business .
In 1998 , the company acquired Cowles Enthusiast Media and Cowles Business Media divisions of Cowles Media Company from McClatchy Newspapers . It sold Daily Racing Form to private investors , sold Stagebill to Fred B. Tarter , sold Newbridge Communications to Doubleday Direct , and acquired Sterling/MacFadden 's teen magazines and teen publisher Laufer Publishing .
In 1999 , the company sold its education unit ( Weekly Reader , World Almanac ) to Ripplewood Holdings , acquired Multimedia Publishing , and sold Better Nutrition , Southwest Art , and Vegetarian Times to Sabot Publishing .
In 2000 , the company acquired About.com for $ 690 million .
In 2001 , the company acquired EMAP 's US magazines and closed Country Journal .
In 2002 , the company sold Modern Bride to Condé Nast Publications , sold Pro Football Weekly to Arkush family , sold Chicago to Tribune Company , and sold American Baby to Meredith Corporation .
In 2003 , the company sold Volleyball , Teddy Bear and Friends and Doll Reader to Ashton International Media , sold Seventeen to Hearst Corporation for $ 182.4 million , sold New York to Bruce Wasserstein for $ 55 million , sold Tiger Beat and Bop to Laufer Media , sold Kitplanes to Belvoir Publications , and sold Simba Information to R.R . Bowker .
In 2004 , the company sold Folio and Circulation Management to a joint venture with Red 7 Media .
In 2005 , the company sold About.com to The New York Times Company for $ 410 million , sold Prism Business Media ( ex-Intertec ) to private investors Wasserstein & Co. ( later merged with Penton Media ) , and sold Ward 's to Prism Business Media .
In 2006 , the company sold history magazines to Weider History Group , sold Crafts Group to Sandler Capital Management for $ 132 million , and sold Outdoor Group to InterMedia Partners
In 2007 , the company sold a group of 17 outdoor-oriented magazines to InterMedia Outdoors for $ 170 million in cash , in a deal that included Guns and Ammo and Fly Fisherman . It also sold its Enthusiast Media division to Source Interlink , controlled by Ronald Burkle , in a deal that netted Primedia $ 1.15 billion in cash in exchange for a group of more than 70 magazines , including Motor Trend and Soap Opera Digest and 90 consumer web sites . The deal left Primedia to focus on a series of free print and online consumer guides published by its Consumer Source unit . It also sold Gems group to Interweave , sold Climbing to Skram Media , sold Films for the Humanities & Sciences to Infobase Publishing , and sold Channel One News to Alloy Media and Marketing .
In 2008 , the company sold South Florida Auto Guide and Wisconsin Auto Guide to Target Media Partners and closed Atlanta Auto Guide .
In 2009 , the company closed Today 's Custom Home .
In 2011 , TPG Capital bought Primedia for $ 525 million .
In 2012 , the company acquired rent.com from eBay .
In 2013 , the company changed its name to RentPath . In 2014 it acquired Lovely for $ 13 million .
In 2014 , Providence Equity Partners LLC acquired 50 % of the company .
In July 2015 , former CEO of Autotrader.com , Chip Perry , was named president and CEO of RentPath . He succeeded Charles Stubbs who remained on the RentPath board of directors .
In November 2015 , Chip Perry stepped down as president and CEO of RentPath , to take over as CEO of TrueCar .
RentPath named Marc P. Lefar as President and CEO on April 4 , 2016 . He was replaced by Dhiren Fonseca in December 2020 .
In February 2020 , RentPath filed bankruptcy in preparation for acquisition by CoStar , which reached an agreement to acquire RentPath for $ 588 million . On December 29 , 2020 , new CEO Fonseca terminated RentPath 's agreement to be acquired by CoStar .
On April 5 , 2021 , RentPath was acquired by Redfin for $ 608 million . RentPath rental home listings will be integrated into Redfin.com by 2022 . RentPath 's headquarters remain in Atlanta and Fonseca remains in his role as CEO while the new owners seek a new permanent head .
Former notable titles
Automotive
Equestrian
Arabian Horse World
Dressage Today
EQUUS
Horse & Rider
Practical Horseman
Action Sports
References
Magazine publishing companies of the United States
Private equity portfolio companies
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts companies
Publishing companies established in 1989
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2020
2021 mergers and acquisitions
Ryley Walker ( born July 21 , 1989 ) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist from Rockford , Illinois .
Biography
Walker , and critics , have cited the band Genesis and singer-songwriter Nick Drake as early influences .
Walker began his career in Chicago 's independent music scene after moving there in the early 2010s , releasing several cassette EPs and a vinyl EP . In 2014 , he released his debut album for the Tompkins Square label , and followed it early in 2015 with Primrose Green released on Dead Oceans . Backing musicians Walker employed on Primrose Green include several noted Chicago jazz and experimental musicians such as Fred Lonberg-Holm .
Also in 2015 , Walker released an instrumental album , recorded in collaboration with fellow Chicago musician , entitled Land of Plenty . It was recorded live during a January 2015 residency at The Whistler nightclub in Chicago . The songs on the album were taken from the last two shows of the residency , on January 25 and 30 . MacKay 's guitar was recorded on the left channel and Walker 's guitar was recorded on the right channel . Their instruments converge in the center . MacKay played 6-string guitar , requinto and glass slide , while Walker played 6 & 12-string guitars . The album 's sound was described as fingerstyle ballads , psychedelic waltzes , and raga-inspired blues . The duo 's second album , Spiderbeetlebee , was released by Drag City in 2017 . MacKay performs in Walker 's live band , from 2017 or earlier through 2021 and has also played on at least one of Walker 's other records .
On August 19 , 2016 , Walker released his fourth solo album , Golden Sings That Have Been Sung , which was yet another change in his evolving sound . His fifth is Deafman Glance , released in May 2018 . Walker released The Lillywhite Sessions , an album of covers of the aforementioned Dave Matthews Band album . In 2021 Walker released Deep Fried Grandeur , a live album with the Tokyo band Kikagaku Moyo , and Course in Fable , his sixth solo album of original music , both on his own Husky Pants Records label .
Walker has , as of 2021 , released two albums with Chicago-based jazz drummer . The first , Cannots , was released by Dead Oceans in 2016 . Little Common Twist was released by Thrill Jockey in November 2019 .
As of 2021 , recently Walker had gotten sober and had moved from New York City to Vermont .
As of 2022 , Walker had moved back to New York .
Discography
Albums
All Kinds of You ( Tompkins Square Records , 2014 )
Primrose Green ( Dead Oceans , 2015 )
Land of Plenty ( Whistler Records , 2015 ) , with Bill MacKay
Golden Sings That Have Been Sung ( Dead Oceans , 2016 )
Cannots ( Dead Oceans , 2016 ) , with Charles Rumback
Spiderbeetlebee ( Drag City , 2017 ) , with Bill MacKay
Deafman Glance ( Dead Oceans , 2018 )
The Lillywhite Sessions ( covers from a 2001 Dave Matthews Band album ) ( 2018 )
Little Common Twist ( Thrill Jockey , 2019 ) , with Charles Rumback
Deep Fried Grandeur ( Husky Pants Records , 2021 ) with Kikagaku Moyo
Course in Fable ( Husky Pants Records , 2021 )
EPs
The Evidence of Things Unseen ( Plustapes , 2011 )
Of Deathly Premonitions ( with Daniel Bachman ) ( Plustapes , 2011 )
West Wind ( Tompkins Square , 2013 )
So Certain EP ( Husky Pants Records , 2022 )
References
External links
Ryley Walker : October 9 , 2015 Rough Trade NYC ( Tompkins Square 10th Anniversary ) – live recording for free download
Ryley Walker live recordings on Internet Archive
American folk guitarists
American male guitarists
1989 births
Living people
Singer-songwriters from Illinois
Musicians from Rockford , Illinois
Guitarists from Chicago
21st-century American male singers
21st-century American singers
21st-century American guitarists
Dead Oceans artists
American male singer-songwriters
George Henry Vallins ( 29 May 1897 – 30 October 1956 ) , who wrote as G H Vallins , was an English schoolmaster , grammarian and author . His best-known books are Good English ( 1951 ) and Better English ( 1953 ) .
Life and career
Vallins was born in Sevenoaks , Kent . He was educated at Beckenham County School and King 's College London . He served in the army towards the end of the First World War , after which he became a schoolmaster , first at Wreights School , Faversham , and then for many years at Selhurst High School , Croydon . He published a volume of poems , and co-edited several anthologies for the use of English teachers .
In 1936 , together with H A Treble , he published An ABC of English Usage , described by The Times as `` an admirable if sometimes controversial little work . '' After the Second World War he published The Making and Meaning of Words , and then , according to The Times , `` his best and wittiest handbooks '' , Good English ( 1951 ) and Better English ( 1953 ) . The paper commented , `` Both are delightful reading not merely for the soundness of the doctrine but for the combative tone of the writing . ''
Vallins was a contributor to Punch and The Times Educational Supplement . He died in hospital near his home in Banstead , Surrey , aged 59 . The obituarist in The Times described him as `` a valiant champion for the purity of the English language '' .
Notes
1897 births
1956 deaths
Alumni of King 's College London
Schoolteachers from Kent
People from Sevenoaks
English writers
Lauralee Kristen Bell ( born December 22 , 1968 ) is an American soap opera actress . She was born in Chicago , Illinois , and attended The Latin School of Chicago .
The only daughter of soap opera creators William J . Bell and Lee Phillip Bell , and sister to Bill Bell , Jr. and Bradley Bell as well as sister-in-law to Maria Arena Bell and Colleen Bell , Lauralee was offered a bit role as a model , Christine `` Cricket '' Blair , on her parents ' show The Young and the Restless in 1983 and that became a contract role in 1986 .
Over time , her character matured from a model into a legal aid lawyer . Her character also dropped the childish moniker `` Cricket '' , especially after her rival Phyllis ( Michelle Stafford ) turned it into a pun against her , calling her `` the Bug . '' In January 2005 , Bell asked to be released from her contract , and she appears only on a recurring basis .
Lauralee married photographer Scott Martin on October 4 , 1997 . They have a son , Christian James Martin , born on January 17 , 2001 and a daughter , Samantha Lee Martin , born on October 28 , 2002 . In June 2007 , she reprised her role of Christine Blair for a short run on The Bold and the Beautiful . In July 2010 , she returned to The Young and the Restless in a recurring capacity . Lauralee co-owned a boutique , On Sunset , which closed in 2009 . In 2021 , Bell played Daphne Dumas in the Lifetime TV miniseries `` Ruby Landry . ''
Roles
Film
Television
Awards
Daytime Emmy Award Winner , Outstanding Special Class Short Format Daytime ( for producing the web series mI promise ) ( 2013 )
Soap Opera Award Winner , Outstanding Supporting Actress ( 1999 )
Soap Opera Award Nominee , Outstanding Younger Lead Actress ( 1997 )
TEEN Magazine , Favorite Soap Opera Actress ( 1989 )
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
Actresses from Chicago
Latin School of Chicago alumni
21st-century American women
Thomas Bond FRCS , MB BS ( London ) , ( 7 October 1841 – 6 June 1901 ) was an English surgeon considered by some to be the first offender profiler , and best known for his association with the notorious Jack the Ripper murders of 1888 .
Early life
Born at Durston Lodge at Durston in Somerset in 1841 , he was the son of Thomas Bond ( 1806- ) , a gentleman farmer , and Mary née Hearne ( 1810–1878 ) . Bond was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School at Taunton . Bond was a student to his maternal uncle , Dr McCann of Southampton , before training at King 's College and King 's College Hospital in London where he won the Gold Medal of the University of London for his Bachelor of Surgery examination . In 1864 Bond was appointed MRCS , graduated from MB BS in 1865 , and in 1866 FRCS . In 1866 he joined the Prussian Military Service in which he attended the sick during a cholera epidemic . During the Austro-Prussian War he carried a despatch from the Prussian Army through the Austrian lines to the Italian lines .
Medical career
Returning to London , Bond set up practice in Westminster , and was appointed Surgeon to the Metropolitan Police 's A Division ( Westminster ) in 1867 . He won a post at the Westminster Hospital in 1873 after several failed elections , and he spent his entire career at that hospital , firstly as an assistant surgeon and , from 1895 , as a Full Surgeon .
As surgeon to the Metropolitan Police 's ' A Division ' he dealt with many important cases , including those of the Battersea Mystery , Mary Jane Kelly , Kate Webster , Percy Lefroy Mapleton and the `` Thames Torso Murders '' investigations of 1887–1889 . Bond also examined the bodies of Rose Mylett and Alice Mackenzie and submitted reports on both . Bond was described as being among the best of medical witnesses as his evidence was always clear . Bond was an early offender profiler , and attempted to profile the personality of Jack the Ripper in 1888 .
Bond was railway surgeon or consulting railway surgeon to the Great Western Railway and the Great Eastern Railway . Bond 's function for the railways was primarily as medico-legal consultant regarding injury claims rather than practical surgery . He did , however , treat the injured of an overturned train on which he was himself a passenger . Bond 's last major work for the railways was investigations in connection with the Slough rail accident of 1900 . Bond also wrote a lengthy article on railway injuries for Heath 's Dictionary of Practical Surgery .
Jack the Ripper
On 25 October 1888 , Robert Anderson wrote to Bond asking him to examine material connected with the Jack the Ripper investigation . In his letter Anderson enclosed copies of the evidence given at the inquests into the murders of Polly Nichols , Annie Chapman , Elizabeth Stride and Catherine Eddowes , and asked Bond to deliver his `` opinion on the matter . ''
Bond examined the papers for two weeks and replied to Anderson on 10 November 1888 . Mary Jane Kelly had been killed the morning before in Dorset Street , and Bond had spent much of that day performing her autopsy .
Bond 's report said :
`` I beg to report that I have read the notes of the 4 Whitechapel Murders viz :
1 . Buck 's Row .
2 . Hanbury Street .
3 . Berner 's Street .
4 . Mitre Square .
I have also made a Post Mortem Examination of the mutilated remains of a woman found yesterday in a small room in Dorset Street -
1 . All five murders were no doubt committed by the same hand . In the first four the throats appear to have been cut from left to right . In the last case owing to the extensive mutilation it is impossible to say in what direction the fatal cut was made , but arterial blood was found on the wall in splashes close to where the woman 's head must have been lying .
2 . All the circumstances surrounding the murders lead me to form the opinion that the women must have been lying down when murdered and in every case the throat was first cut .
3 . In the four murders of which I have seen the notes only , I can not form a very definite opinion as to the time that had elapsed between the murder and the discovering of the body .
In one case , that of Berner 's Street , the discovery appears to have been made immediately after the deed - In Buck 's Row , Hanbury Street , and Mitre Square three or four hours only could have elapsed . In the Dorset Street case the body was lying on the bed at the time of my visit , 2 o'clock , quite naked and mutilated as in the annexed report -
Rigor Mortis had set in , but increased during the progress of the examination . From this it is difficult to say with any degree of certainty the exact time that had elapsed since death as the period varies from 6 to 12 hours before rigidity sets in . The body was comparatively cold at 2 o'clock and the remains of a recently taken meal were found in the stomach and scattered about over the intestines . It is , therefore , pretty certain that the woman must have been dead about 12 hours and the partly digested food would indicate : that death took place about 3 or 4 hours after the food was taken , so one or two o'clock in the morning would be the probable time of the murder .
4 . In all the cases there appears to be no evidence of struggling and the attacks were probably so sudden and made in such a position that the women could neither resist nor cry out . In the Dorset Street case the corner of the sheet to the right of the woman 's head was much cut and saturated with blood , indicating that the face may have been covered with the sheet at the time of the attack .
5 . In the four first cases the murderer must have attacked from the right side of the victim . In the Dorset Street case , he must have attacked from in front or from the left , as there would be no room for him between the wall and the part of the bed on which the woman was lying . Again , the blood had flowed down on the right side of the woman and spurted on to the wall .
6 . The murderer would not necessarily be splashed or deluged with blood , but his hands ' and arms must have been covered and parts of his clothing must certainly have been smeared with blood .
7 . The mutilations in each case excepting the Berner 's Street one were all of the same character and shewed clearly that in all the murders , the object was mutilation .
8 . In each case the mutilation was inflicted by a person who had no scientific nor anatomical knowledge . In my opinion he does not even possess the technical knowledge of a butcher or horse slaughterer or any person accustomed to cut up dead animals .
9 . The instrument must have been a strong knife at least six inches long , very sharp , pointed at the top and about an inch in width . It may have been a clasp knife , a butcher 's knife or a surgeon 's knife . I think it was no doubt a straight knife .
10 . The murderer must have been a man of physical strength and of great coolness and daring . There is no evidence that he had an accomplice . He must in my opinion be a man subject to periodical attacks of Homicidal and erotic mania . The character of the mutilations indicate that the man may be in a condition sexually , that may be called satyriasis . It is of course possible that the Homicidal impulse may have developed from a revengeful or brooding condition of the mind , or that Religious Mania may have been the original disease , but I do not think either hypothesis is likely . The murderer in external appearance is quite likely to be a quiet inoffensive looking man probably middleaged and neatly and respectably dressed . I think he must be in the habit of wearing a cloak or overcoat or he could hardly have escaped notice in the streets if the blood on his hands or clothes were visible .
11 . Assuming the murderer to be such a person as I have just described he would probably be solitary and eccentric in his habits , also he is most likely to be a man without regular occupation , but with some small income or pension . He is possibly living among respectable persons who have some knowledge of his character and habits and who may have grounds for suspicion that he is not quite right in his mind at times . Such persons would probably be unwilling to communicate suspicions to the Police for fear of trouble or notoriety , whereas if there were a prospect of reward it might overcome their scruples .
I am , Dear Sir ,
Yours faithfully ,
Thos . Bond .
Later years
Bond married twice ; firstly in 1870 to Rosa Sophia Hayes ( 1844–1899 ) a daughter of Mr. Justice Hayes , with whom he had six children : Lucy Elizabeth Bond ( 1872–1940 ) ; Mabel Alice Bond ( 1874–1961 ) ; Mary H H Bond ( 1878– ) ; Harold Thomas Hearne Bond ( 1879–1941 ) ; Arthur G H Bond ( 1881– ) ; Ivor Reginald Beviss Bond ( 1886–1960 ) , and T Reginald B Bond ( 1886– ) . In 1900 he married his second wife , Mrs. Louisa Dashwood Nairne Imrie ( 1849- ) , daughter of the late Mr. Lancelot Dashwood of Overstrand .
A keen huntsman , Bond rode with the Badminton Hounds at Chippenham and the Devon and Somerset Staghounds on Exmoor . He once recommended a tired City businessman : 'You will hunt with the Devon & Somerset staghounds three days a week in August and four in September , and you will drink each alternate evening a pint of Champagne and a pint of Burgundy . ' He was also a regular judge at horse shows .
At age 59 , Bond committed suicide on 6 June 1901 when , clad only in his nightdress , he threw himself from a bedroom window of his home at 7 , the Sanctuary , Westminster , following a long period of insomnia caused by pain he had been suffering since middle-age , and which he had treated with narcotics .
Thomas Bond was buried in Orchard Portman churchyard in Somerset .
References
External links
Bond on Casebook : Jack the Ripper website
1841 births
1901 suicides
19th-century English medical doctors
20th-century English medical doctors
Alumni of King 's College London
Jack the Ripper
People of the Austro-Prussian War
Railway surgeons
Offender profiling
Suicides by jumping in England
Suicides in Westminster
Ouri is the stage name of Ourielle Auvé , a French-born Canadian musician whose music blends orchestral composition and electronic music . Her debut album Frame of a Fauna was released in 2021 , and was longlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize .
Auvé , a classically trained musician , grew up in France playing harp , cello and piano , and moved to Montreal at age 16 to immerse herself in electronic music .
She released the EPs Superficial in 2017 and We Share Our Blood in 2019 , and has collaborated with Helena Deland in the side project Hildegard .
References
21st-century Canadian composers
Canadian electronic musicians
Canadian record producers
Canadian DJs
Canadian women in electronic music
Black Canadian musicians
French emigrants to Canada
Musicians from Montreal
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Electropositive metals ( EPMs ) are a new class of shark repellent materials that produce a measurable voltage when immersed in an electrolyte such as seawater . The voltages produced are as high as 1.75 VDC in seawater . It is hypothesized that this voltage overwhelms the ampullary organ in sharks , producing a repellent action . Since bony fish lack the ampullary organ , the repellent is selective to sharks and rays . The process is electrochemical , so no external power input is required . As chemical work is done , the metal is lost in the form of corrosion . Depending on the alloy or metal utilized and its thickness , the electropositive repellent effect lasts up to 48 hours . The reaction of the electropositive metal in seawater produces hydrogen gas bubbles and an insoluble nontoxic hydroxide as a precipitate which settles downward in the water column .
History
SharkDefense made the discovery of electrochemical shark repellent effects on May 1 , 2006 at South Bimini , Bahamas at the Bimini Biological Field Station . An electropositive metal , which was a component of a permanent magnet , was chosen as an experimental control for a tonic immobility experiment by Eric Stroud using a juvenile lemon shark ( Negaprion brevirostris ) . It was anticipated that this metal would produce no effect , since it was not ferromagnetic . However , a violent rousing response was observed when the metal was brought within 50 cm of the shark 's nose . The experiment was repeated with three other juvenile lemon sharks and two other juvenile nurse sharks ( Ginglymostoma cirratum ) , and care was taken to eliminate all stray metal objects in the testing site . Patrick Rice , Michael Herrmann , and Eric Stroud were present at this first trial . Mike Rowe , from Discovery Channel 's Dirty Jobs series , subsequently witnessed and participated in a test using an electropositive metal within 24 hours after the discovery .
In the next three months , a variety of transition metals , lanthanides , post-transition metals , metalloids , and non-metal samples were screened for rousing activity using the tonic immobility bioassay in juvenile lemon sharks and juvenile nurse sharks . All behaviors were scored from 0 to 4 depending on the response . It was determined that Group I , II , III , and Lanthanide metals all produced rousing responses , but the average score generally increased with electropositivity .
Further testing using salt bridge electrochemical cells were conducted during 2006 and 2007 at the Oak Ridge Shark Lab . Using seawater as the electrolyte and a shark fin clipping as the cathode , voltages measured closely correlated with the standard reduction potential of the metal under test . SharkDefense now hypothesizes that a net positive charge from the cations produced by the electropositive metals accumulate on the electronegative skin of the shark . The net increase of the charge on the shark 's skin is perceived by the ampullae of Lorenzini , and above 1.2 eV potential , aversion is produced .
Electropositive metals are reducing agents and liberate hydrogen gas in seawater via hydrolysis , producing a half-cell voltage of about −0.86 eV . Simultaneously , an insoluble metal hydroxide precipitate is produced , which is inert for shark repellent activity . As such , metal is lost to corrosion in the process of generating cations . SharkDefense conducted corrosion loss studies in 2008 at South Bimini , Bahamas , and found that a 70 gram piece of a custom electropositive alloy retained more than 50 % of its original weight after 70 hours of immersion . Losses due to corrosion are heavily a function of temperature , therefore , the cold seawater at fishing depths serves to reduce the corrosion rate .
Research and testing
Stoner and Kaimmer ( 2008 ) reported success using cerium mischmetal and Pacific spiny dogfish ( Squalus acanthias , a type of shark ) in captivity , both with tonic immobility and feeding preference tests . Lead metal was used as a control . Encouraged by the results , a longline study was conducted off Homer , Alaska in late 2007 with the cooperation of the International Pacific Halibut Commission . Again , lead was used as a control . This study found a 17 % reduction in Pacific spiny dogfish catch , and a 48 % reduction in clearnose skate catch .
However , Tallack et al . reported that cerium mischmetal was entirely ineffective against the Atlantic spiny dogfish in the Gulf of Maine . Mandelman et al . reported that the repellent effect disappeared after starvation using captive Atlantic spiny dogfish , and that a species-specific variation in response to the mischmetals exist between captive Atlantic spiny dogfish and dusky smoothhounds ( Mustelis canis ) .
Stroud ( SharkDefense , 2006 ) and Fisher ( VIMS ) observed captive cownose rays ( Rhinoptera bonasus ) changing swim elevation and ignoring blue crab baits in cages that contained neodymium-praseodymium mischmetal . The position of the treatment cages were alternated , and all cages were placed in the swim path of the rays .
Brill et al . ( 2008 ) reported that captive juvenile sandbar sharks ( Carcharhinus plumbeus ) maintained a 50–60 cm clearance in their swimming patterns when a piece of neodymium-praseodymium mischmetal was placed in the tank .
Wang , Swimmer , and Laughton ( 2007 ) reported aversive responses to neodymium-praseodymium mischmetals placed near baits offered to adult Galapagos ( C. galapagensis ) and Sandbar sharks on bamboo poles in Hawaii .
In July 2008 Richard Brill of NMFS/VIMS and SharkDefense both conducted more at-sea trials with electropositive metals in an effort to reduce shark bycatch in commercial fisheries . As of August 2 , 2008 , Brill reported nearly a 3:1 reduction in sandbar shark catch when plastic decoys were compared to metals . A high statistical significance was obtained , as reported in the Virginian-Pilot by Joanne Kimberlin . SharkDefense later developed a simple on-hook treatment and a bait attachment which were being tested on the Atlantic longlining vessels in 2008 .
Favaro and Cole ( 2013 ) determined through meta-analysis that electropositive metals did not reduce elasmobranch by-catch in commercial long-line fisheries , which raises concerns on the effectiveness of this approach as a shark deterrent or repellent to protect water users .
Selectivity
As expected , teleosts ( bony fish ) are not repelled by the electropositive metal 's cation liberation in seawater . This is because teleosts lack the ampullae of Lorenzini . Teleost response was confirmed using captive Cobia ( Rachycentron canadum ) and Pacific halibut ( Hippoglossus stenolepis ) . In July 2008 swordfish ( Xiphias gladius ) catch was reported on experimental hooks treated with electropositive metal .
Limitations
As with all shark repellents , 100 % effectiveness will not be achieved with electropositive metals . The metals are particularly effective when the shark is relying on its electrosense . It is likely that electropositive metals are ineffective for deliberately stimulated ( chummed ) sharks , competitively feeding sharks , and shark `` frenzies '' . The metals are very useful in the environment of commercial fisheries , and possibly recreational and artisanal fisheries .
References
Further reading
Pesticides
Shark attack prevention
Vinci Bank ( ) is a submarine bank in the Weddell Sea . It is named after Leonardo da Vinci ( 1452–1519 ) , world-renowned scientist and artist . The name was proposed by Dr. Heinrich Hinze , Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research , Bremerhaven , Germany . Name approved 6/97 ( ACUF 271 ) .
References
Undersea banks of the Southern Ocean
The 1890 House Museum is a historic house located on Tompkins Street in Cortland , New York . It was built in 1890 for industrialist Chester F. Wickwire ( 1843–1910 ) , and was designed by architect Samuel B. Reed . Chester Wickwire lived in the home from 1890 until his death in 1910 . He made his fortune by founding and managing the Wickwire Brothers Company in Cortland , NY , which produced wire products such as horse muzzles , seed spreaders , insect screens , and similar products for rural Americans .
In 1974 , the 1890 House Museum formed a part of the Tompkins Street District 's listing on the National Register of Historic Places , and in 1975 , the 1890 House became a museum after campaigning from Cortland County leaders .
History
First Wickwire family
Family
Chester , his wife Ardell , and their sons Charles and Frederic moved into the house on June 1 , 1890 . After Chester 's death in 1910 , Ardell Wickwire lived in the house until her death in 1915 .
Chester was born in McGraw , New York to a farming family , and moved to the city of Cortland at age nineteen . He married Ardell Rouse from Greene , New York on October 2 , 1866 . They had three children , Raymond , Charles and Frederic . Raymond died at age five of scarlet fever in 1878 ; his two younger brothers followed their father into the family business .
Margaret Stack
In addition to the Wickwire family , many servants lived at the mansion . One servant , a twenty one year old Irish cook named Margaret Stack , immigrated from Athea , County Limerick , Ireland in 1904 . She arrived on Ellis Island with two of her siblings . Stack worked at the house from 1904 to 1911 , after which she moved back to Ireland with her husband , a fellow Irish immigrant named John Lane , who she met in Cortland . Visitors to the house can view Margaret Stack 's bedroom and learn about the lives of Victorian servants .
Second Wickwire family
After Ardell 's death , the house lay dormant for eight years until Frederic moved in with his wife Marion , a local poet . Frederic and Marion made several renovations to the house , reflecting the style and tastes of the 1920s .
Frederic died in 1929 , and Marion later remarried local judge C. Leonard O'Connor . Marion Goodrich Wickwire O'Connor outlived her second husband as well , and lived in the house until 1973 .
Wickwire Brothers Factory
In 1873 , Chester Wickwire received a carpet loom , which he adapted to weave wire instead . In the process , he discovered a cheaper method for manufacturing wire products , and he opened his own factory with his brother , Theodore , which they called the Wickwire Brothers Company . By 1883 , they had become the second largest producer of wire goods in the United States , thanks in part to Chester 's patents .
The Wickwires hired many immigrants , mainly from Germany , Italy , Russia , and Ireland . The employees worked on an assembly line , which proved to be dangerous . The factory saw seven industrial accidents between 1887 and 1897 . In February 1888 , a 14-year-old boy lost his toes and part of his foot . In April 1888 , one man had his fingers mangled in the gears of a loom .
Museum today
The museum offers guided and self-guided tours for visitors , who can view 14 rooms on three floors , as well as a cupola . The 1890 House offers monthly educational programs and special events , and film a monthly YouTube series called WickWired , focusing on the Victorian age and the lives of the Wickwire Family .
Gallery
See also
Tompkins Street–Main Street Historic District
References
External links
1890 establishments in New York ( state )
Historic house museums in New York ( state )
Museums in Cortland County , New York
Houses completed in 1890
Gadney is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Reg Gadney ( 1941–2018 ) , British painter and thriller writer
Bernard Gadney ( 1909–2000 ) , English rugby union footballer
See also
Gedney ( surname )
Gidney
Gladney
Wilhelm Schitli ( 26 June 1912 in Osnabrück – March 1945 ( missing ) ) was a German SS-Hauptsturmführer and Schutzhaftlagerführer in the Neuengamme concentration camp .
Life
In 1934 , Schitli , a member of the SS , was a member of the guard of the concentration camp Esterwegen concentration camp and 1936 Rapportführer in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp . In early 1940 he was briefly second Schutzhaftlagerführer in the Buchenwald concentration camp and was in the course of construction of the Neuengamme concentration camp in the spring of 1940 , first Schutzhaftlagerführer in the Neuengamme concentration camp . From mid-July 1942 he also served as Commandant of the independent concentration camp work village , a pilot project for the arms production at Wolfsburg , and replaced on this post Martin Gottfried Weiss . After the founding of this project , he was employed from October 1942 as Commandant of the `` Jewish camp '' at the SS training area Heidelager in Dębica ( Poland ) and remained on this post until September 1943 . Then came his transfer to the Higher SS and Police Leader Ostland in Riga .
Schitli has been considered missing since 31 March 1945 .
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
Ernst Klee : The person encyclopedia to the Third Reich . Who was what before and after 1945 . Fischer-Taschenbuch-Verlag , Frankfurt am Main 2005 , .
Hermann Kaienburg : Neuengamme concentration camp from 1938 to 1945 . Dietz , Bonn 1997 , .
1912 births
1940s missing person cases
1945 deaths
Buchenwald concentration camp personnel
Nazi concentration camp commandants
Neuengamme concentration camp personnel
German military personnel killed in World War II
Military personnel from Osnabrück
Missing in action of World War II
Schutzhaftlagerführer
SS-Hauptsturmführer
Waffen-SS personnel
The Studios Hergé were , between 1950 and 1986 , a SARL company consisting of Belgian cartoonist Hergé and his collaborators , who assisted him with the creation of The Adventures of Tintin and derived products . Over the years , the studios had between 12 and 50 employees , including some prestigious artists like Jacques Martin , Bob de Moor and Roger Leloup .
Every creation produced by the studios was attributed to Hergé alone , except for three albums of Quick & Flupke which are attributed to Studios Hergé on the cover .
In 1987 , the Studios were disbanded and transformed into the Hergé Foundation by Fanny Rodwell , a former colourist at the Studios and Hergé 's widow .
History
The Studios Hergé were created by Hergé in 1950 to assist him with the production of The Adventures of Tintin . They permitted him to focus on the creation of new stories by handing over some aspects of the artwork , particularly the colouring , which Hergé had never really mastered and which in the 1940s was done by Edgar Pierre Jacobs , and the drawing of decors . Technical elements required much documentation and a specific drawing technique , making such assistance worthwhile . The Studios were created when Hergé worked on Destination Moon , an adventure permeated by technology .
The influence of some studio members on the stories is also present . For example , Jacques Martin claims to have introduced a number of burlesque gags that do n't correspond to Hergés style of humour .
The story of the `` gag page ''
An anecdote well known among tintinophiles is indicative of the atmosphere in the Studios in those years . When Hergé was on a holiday in December 1965 , the two main collaborators , Bob de Moor and Jacques Martin , created a fake Tintin page , completely in the style of the master , which they sent to the Swiss weekly magazine L'Illustré . It was published there as an installment of the next Tintin adventure .
Jacques Martin : `` I first invented a short story , and then composed the page and placed the characters . Next , Bob de Moor completed the backgrounds , which I had sketched , and we both inked the page : he did the backgrounds , I did the characters .
Apparently , Hergé did n't react immediately upon discovering this , but probably preferred let matters stand as they were with this joke , which , according to some , was a true indication of the state of mind of the collaborators who wanted to be more involved in the creation of the adventures of Tintin .
The gag page depicts an airport scene comparable to some sequences in Destination Moon and The Calculus Affair , actually closely resembles a page by Hergé , with only some tintinophiles able to spot some typical style elements of De Moor and Martin . The page can be seen at Tintin est Vivant ! .
The Studios after Hergé
After the death of Hergé in 1983 , his widow Fanny Remi , who started working with the studios as a colorist in 1956 , inherited the rights to the works of the author , but not the rights to the derived works , which belonged to Hergé 's friend Alain Baran of the company Tintin Licensing , who later sold the rights to the television channel Canal+ .
Fanny followed the wishes of Hergé . who did n't want The Adventures of Tintin to be continued after his death . Some doubt exists about Tintin and Alph-Art , however , left unfinished by Hergé at his death and at first handed over to the Studios to be finished by De Moor . Fanny Remi then changed her mind and decided to publish just the sketches by Hergé , to the disappointment of De Moor .
There is also some hesitation about Quick & Flupke . Less popular than Tintin , Hergé had not left any clear instructions about a continuation of the series . Perhaps more to keep the Studios running than for a truly artistic reason , Fanny accepted the proposal of Johan De Moor , son of Bob and recent arrival in the Studios , to restart the series . He created an album of new strips while the Studios updated a number of old strips never before published in colour . Three albums appeared in 1985 , the only ones to officially credit the Studios Hergé on the cover and inside . Fanny then announced that the series would end there and that the Studios would be closed .
The activities of the Studios ceased soon thereafter , but not before finishing some projects of derived products and publicity work . In 1986 , the Studios Hergé were replaced by the Hergé Foundation , solely occupied with the rights of the series .
In 1988 , the giant fresco in Stokkel/Stockel metro station was inaugurated , based on sketches by Hergé , which were finished by the Studios .
Members of the Studios
This non-exhaustive list features the principal members only .
Artists
Bob de Moor ( 1950–1986 )
He entered the Studios Hergé on 5 April 1950 , and soon became the first assistant , a position held by Edgar P. Jacobs in the previous decade . Reputed for his perfect imitation of the style of Hergé , he supervised the totality of the album production together with Hergé . He was also charged with the creation of all derived products featuring the heads of Tintin or Snowy .
Jacques Martin ( 1947 ? –1972 )
Creator of Alix , close to Hergé , he joined the Studios mainly as an assistant to the stories , starting with The Calculus Affair . He worked with Hergé until 1972 , notably on The Red Sea Sharks and Tintin in Tibet
Roger Leloup ( 1953–1969 )
Assistant of Jacques Martin for the colours and backgrounds in Alix , he joined the Studios Hergé on 15 February 1953 . His main work are the mechanical elements in the drawings , like automobiles . He was the creator of the futuristic jet of Laszlo Carreidas in Flight 714 to Sydney . He was also responsible for the public relations of Hergé . He left the Studios on 31 December 1969 to work exclusively on his own series , Yoko Tsuno .
Michel Demarets ( 1953–1986 )
Jo-El Azara ( 1954–1961 )
Guy Dessicy ( 1950–1953 ) , creator of the Publiart company
Johan De Moor
The son of Bob De Moor arrived at the Studios only a short time before the death of Hergé , and was mainly active afterwards , with the new version of Quick & Flupke .
Pierre Gay ( 1984–1986 )
A young cartoonist hired 13 months after Hergé 's death as an assistant to Bob De Moor . He was the last cartoonist to be hired by the Studios Hergé .
Colorists
Josette Baujot
Main colorist . Her rather stormy character was caricatured in Tintin and Alph-Art with the character Josette Laijot .
Monique Laurent
France Ferrari
Nicole Thenen
Fanny Vlamynck
Became the second wife of Hergé and inherited the rights to his works after his death . Presides over the Hergé Foundation since 1986 . Remarried later to Nick Rodwell .
Secretaries
Marcel Dehaye
Baudouin van den Branden
Works of the Studios
All works realised under the name of Hergé since 1950 can be considered as works of the Studios . This is a non-exhaustive list of those works where the Studios played a major role , either by colouring , drawing of backgrounds , or by completely replacing Hergé . However , it is difficult to correctly judge the role of the contributors , as Hergé and , later , his rights-holders minimized their work . There is debate over a number of albums , mainly Tintin and the Picaros and the third version of The Black Island , where some believe that Bob De Moor completely redrew the entire album . With the Jo , Zette and Jocko adventure The Valley of the Cobras , Jacques Martin is sometimes said to have drawn the whole of the album .
Albums
The Adventures of Tintin
Destination Moon ( 1953 )
Explorers on the Moon ( 1954 )
The Calculus Affair ( 1956 )
The Red Sea Sharks ( 1958 )
Tintin in Tibet ( 1960 )
The Castafiore Emerald ( 1963 )
Flight 714 to Sydney ( 1968 )
Tintin and the Picaros ( 1976 )
Reformatting and colouring of old albums
Cigars of the Pharaoh ( 1955 )
The Black Island ( 1966 )
This is the third version of this album , requested by the British publisher of Tintin who wanted a more realistic representation of the country . Bob De Moor visited the country extensively and redrew most of the book .
Land of Black Gold ( 1971 )
Some scenes rewritten by Hergé and redrawn by Bob De Moor .
Additional publications
Six pop-up books , Pop-Hop , published by Hallmark between 1969 and 1971 .
Realised by Michel Demarets , based on existing stories .
Tintin and the Lake of Sharks ( 1972 ) , adaptation of the animated movie .
Two versions were created , one with images from the movie , the other one as a redrawn comic strip . The first was published as a book by Casterman , the second was published in a number of Belgian and French newspapers .
Two books Jouons avec Tintin are combined and published in English as The Tintin Games Book ( 1974 ) .
Also realised by Michel Demarets based on the albums by Hergé .
Short stories
Les Gorilles de la Vedette ( Tintin ) ( 1985 )
Two pages drawn by Bob de Moor , published in Super Tintin n°28 , with the Thompson Twins as stars .
The 60th and last page of Récit Spatio-Temporel by the artists of the weekly Tintin magazine , as usual by Bob de Moor , in the Tintin magazine n°23 of 1986
Les Magiciens d'Eau ( 1987 )
One page drawn by Bob de Moor for the Fondation Balavoine , published in the book with the same title
Les Aventures de la 2 CV et de l'Homme des Neiges ( engl . : The adventures of the Citroën 2CV6 and The Arctic Snowman , 1987 )
Eight pages , publicity for Citroën .
Les Aventures de la 2 CV et de la Grotte Hantée ( 1988 )
Eight pages , publicity for Citroën .
Quick & Flupke
Adaptation of old gags by Hergé
Jeux interdits ( 1985 )
Tout va bien ( 1985 )
New gags created after the death of Hergé
Haute tension ( 1985 )
Johan De Moor with ideas by Roger Ferrari
Jo , Zette and Jocko
La Vallée des Cobras ( 1956 )
Pages by Bob de Moor featuring Hergé
Un bienfait ne reste jamais impuni , 1 page , ( À Suivre ... ) , Hors Série Spécial Hergé , April 1983
De la Planche aux planches , 1 page , Tintin magazine n°43 , 1986 ( Barelli meets Hergé )
Animated movies
Tintin and the Temple of the Sun ( 1969 ) by Eddie Lateste . Animated movie by Belvision Studios .
Tintin and the Lake of Sharks ( 1972 ) by Raymond Leblanc . Animated movie by Belvision , story by Greg .
Quick & Flupke ( 1985 ) . Series of short animations by Johan De Moor .
Sources
Tintin
Comics studios
Hergé
Belgian companies established in 1950
Mass media companies established in 1950
The 2022 season is the New England Patriots ' 53rd in the National Football League ( NFL ) , their 63rd overall , their 21st playing home games at Gillette Stadium and their 23rd under head coach Bill Belichick .
Since the end of the 2021 season , there were a number of key roster changes among starters for the team . Running back James White announced his retirement , while linebacker Kyle Van Noy left in free agency , and defensive end Chase Winovich , wide receiver N'Keal Harry , and guard Shaq Mason , all 2022 starters , were traded to other teams . New arrivals including running back/wide receiver Ty Montgomery from New Orleans , wide receiver DeVante Parker from Miami , and linebacker Mack Wilson from Cleveland . Malcolm Butler , the hero of Super Bowl XLIX , returned to the team after a four year absence , but an injury in preseason led to his being released . Offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels left to take the head coaching job for the Las Vegas Raiders , taking a number of Patriots assistant coaches with him . The team also announced that they would be bringing back the red-and-white throwback uniforms as an alternate uniform for the first time in ten years .
Roster changes
Free agency
Unrestricted
Restricted
Exclusive-rights
Signings/waiver claims
Releases/waivers
Retirements
Trades
March 17 – Defensive end Chase Winovich was traded to the Cleveland Browns in exchange for linebacker Mack Wilson .
March 17 – Guard Shaq Mason was traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in exchange for a 2022 fifth-round selection ( No . 170 ) .
April 5 – The Patriots ' 2023 third-round selection was traded to the Miami Dolphins in exchange for wide receiver DeVante Parker and a 2022 fifth-round selection .
May 13 – Quarterback Jarrett Stidham and a 2023 seventh-round selection were traded to the Las Vegas Raiders in exchange for a 2023 sixth-round selection .
July 13 – Wide receiver N'Keal Harry was traded to the Chicago Bears in exchange for a 2024 seventh-round selection .
September 21 – Offensive tackle Justin Herron and a 2024 seventh-round selection were traded to the Las Vegas Raiders in exchange for a 2024 sixth-round selection .
Draft
Trades
April 25 – The Patriots ' 2022 fifth-round selection ( No.170 ) was traded to the Houston Texans in exchange for the Texans ' 2022 sixth and seventh-round selections ( No . 183 and No . 245 ) .
April 28 – The Patriots ' 2022 first-round selection ( No . 21 ) was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for the Chiefs ' 2022 first , third , and fourth-round selections ( No . 29 , No . 94 , and No . 121 ) .
April 29 – The Patriots ' 2022 second and fifth-round selections ( No . 54 and No . 158 ) were traded to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for the Chiefs ' 2022 second-round selection ( No . 50 ) .
April 29 – The Patriots ' 2022 third-round selection ( No . 94 ) was traded to the Carolina Panthers in exchange for the Panthers ' 2022 fourth-round selection ( No . 137 ) and 2023 third-round selection .
Uniform changes
For the first time since the 2012 season , the Patriots will wear their red and white `` throwback '' uniforms for select games . The red jersey and white helmet combination , with the `` Pat the Patriot '' logo , was last worn regularly in the 1992 New England Patriots season . The Patriots wore it for select games as an alternate uniform starting 2002 , but NFL rules restricting teams to wearing the same helmet designs for the entire season were enacted after 2012 . When that rule was rescinded for the 2022 season , the Patriots brought back their classic uniforms as an alternate .
Staff
Coaching changes
Current roster
Preseason
The Patriots ' preseason and regular season opponents and schedule were announced on May 12th .
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text .
Networks and times in Weeks 5–11 , 15 and 17 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling .
The date , time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17 .
Game summaries
Week 1 : at Miami Dolphins
The game featured a slow start , with the first score coming via a Jason Sanders field goal for the Dolphins with 4:06 remaining in the first quarter , and the first touchdown coming on a Mark Ingram fumble recovery , also for the Dolphins , coming at 7:40 left in the second quarter . The sole offensive touchdown went to the Patriots on a 6-yard reception by Ty Montgomery from Mac Jones , though the Patriots would lose the game 20-7 , marking the second year in a row that the Patriots lost to the Dolphins on Opening Day , and the fourth straight loss to them in this rivalry . A late-game back injury to Mac Jones led to some post-game X-rays , but he was cleared to play in Week 2 .
Week 2 : at Pittsburgh Steelers
The Patriots held the Steelers to a three-and-out on the opening drive , and themselves had a 13-play long ball-control focused first drive that resulted in a 28-yard Nick Folk field goal and ate up 6:45 of game clock . The teams traded interceptions on the final two drives of the first period , with the Steelers getting their own field goal off the foot of Chris Boswell to tie the game up at 3-3 with 8:35 left to play in the second quarter . With time running out in the half , Nelson Agholor made a difficult catch while closely covered by the Miami defender to give the Patriots a 10-lead going in to half-time . The Patriots would not relinquish the lead ; the Steelers bringing it to 17-14 following a Pat Freiermuth reception on the first play of the fourth quarter and a Diontae Johnson reception for the ensuing two-point conversion . The teams then traded punts for the remainder of the game , with the Patriots ending as they started , with another 13-play drive that used up the final 6:33 of game time , to preserve the win . For the 21st year in a row , the Patriots began the year with at least a 1-1 record .
Week 3 : vs. Baltimore Ravens
In the Patriots home opener against the Ravens , Baltimore scored first on a five-yard reception by Mark Andrews . The Patriots answered with a Nick Folk field goal and , on the next drive , a three-yard quarterback keeper by Mac Jones to bring the Patriots to 10-7 . Lamar Jackson hit Mark Andrews for a second touchdown to take the lead back , while Nick Folk hit a 50-yard field field goal to bring the Patriots to within one point as time expired at half time . A two-yard Damien Harris run on the opening drive of the second half gave the patriots a 20-14 lead . Baltimore took the lead 21-20 on the next possession , capping their 7-play , 74-yard drive with a 1 yard Jackson to Josh Oliver pass for a touchdown . Baltimore would not relinquish the lead , despite a fourth quarter Rhamondre Stevenson run and missed two-point conversion that brought the Patriots to within five , the Ravens scored on a 9-yard Lamar Jackson run that gave the Ravens their final 37-26 win . Mac Jones suffered a left leg injury at the two-minute warning of the final quarter after throwing his third interception . This was the Pats ' first regular season home loss to the Ravens in franchise history , and their first home loss to them since the 2012 AFC Championship Game .
Week 4 : at Green Bay Packers
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
New England
New England Patriots seasons
New England Patriots
The grey-crowned woodpecker ( Colaptes auricularis ) is a bird species in the woodpecker family ( Picidae ) . It was formerly placed in the genus Piculus ( Benz et al. , 2006 ) . The scientific name auricularis means `` eared '' , an appearance created by the confluent , fine patterning of the species ' head .
It is endemic to the Pacific slope of Mexico . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
Benz , Brett W. ; Robbins , Mark B . & Peterson , A. Townsend ( 2006 ) : Evolutionary history of woodpeckers and allies ( Aves : Picidae ) : Placing key taxa on the phylogenetic tree . Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 40 : 389–399 .
grey-crowned woodpecker
Endemic birds of Mexico
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
grey-crowned woodpecker
grey-crowned woodpecker
grey-crowned woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Riu ō Te Ata Valley ( ) is a small , mostly ice-free valley at the southern side of Lake Morning in Victoria Land . It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1994 ; It is a Māori name meaning `` valley of the morning '' , a pun on the name of the relief-vessel Morning .
References
Valleys of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Julia Stinshoff ( born 27 December 1974 in Bonn ) is a German actress .
Career
Stinshoff started her English , philosophy and comparative religious studies but dropped out of college . From 1997 to 1999 , she attended the Stage School of Hamburg as well as Johanna Brix 's acting lessons . Then she studied psychology at the University of Bremen until she moved to Cologne for her first main acting role .
She started her acting career with her role of police chief Susanna von Landlitz in RTL 's action series and her participation to the comedy series Ladykracher on SAT.1 . She received several comedy awards for the latter role . Later she launched her own series Krista on RTL and played in numerous RTL event movies , including Crazy Race ( for which she was nominated for the Deutscher Comedypreis for Best Actress ) and . She also played roles in SAT.1 series , notably in ( nomination for Rose d'Or ) .
After a few singing and reading performances on stage with Roger Willemsen , she attracted a greater audience thanks to her television comedy roles , including Ein Date fürs Leben ( ZDF ) and Heiratsantrag mit Hindernissen ( ARD ) . Moreover , she has been the main actress in ZDF 's comedy series Dora Heldt ( Urlaub mit Papa / Tante Inge haut ab ) since 2009 .
Besides , Stinshoff played in NDR children 's programme Sesame Street and took the role of police chief Sophie Radetzki in ZDF 's Monday evening thriller series Die Tote ohne Alibi .
Filmography
2000 : Dr. Stefan Frank – Der Arzt , dem die Frauen vertrauen – Verlust der Gefühle ( TV series )
2001 : Bronski & Bernstein ( TV series , 9 episodes )
2002 : Ein Albtraum von 3 1/2 Kilo ( TV film )
2002 : Weihnachtsmann gesucht ( TV film )
2002 : Broti & Pacek – irgendwas ist immer – Südlich der Gürtelschnalle ( TV series )
2002 : Ladykracher ( comedy series , 10 episodes )
2003 : Krista ( TV series , 6 episodes )
2003 : Ohne Worte ( TV series , episode 1x01 )
2003 : Crazy Race ( TV film )
2003 : Adelheid und ihre Mörder – Ende einer Karriere ( TV series )
2003/2005 : ( TV series )
2004 : Die Sandra Situation ( short film )
2004 : Liebe in der Warteschleife ( TV film )
2004 : ( TV film )
2005–2007 : LiebesLeben ( TV series , 13 episodes )
2005 : Die Patriarchin ( TV series , 3 episodes )
2005 : Nicht ohne meinen Schwiegervater ( TV film )
2006 : Good Girl , Bad Girl
2006 : Die Märchenstunde : Rotkäppchen – Wege zum Glück ( TV series )
2006 : Die Rosenheim-Cops – In der Höhle des Mörders ( TV series )
2006 : Der Fürst und das Mädchen ( TV series , 8 episodes )
2006 : Nicht ohne meine Schwiegereltern ( TV film )
2007 : Vollidiot
2008 : Forsthaus Falkenau – Gefangen auf Teneriffa ( TV series )
2008 : Lutter ( TV series )
2008 : Ein Date fürs Leben ( TV film )
2009 : Ladykracher
2009 : Dora Heldt : Urlaub mit Papa ( TV film )
2010 : Inga Lindström – Mein falscher Verlobter
2010 : Stuttgart Homicide – Türen der Stadt ( TV series )
2010–2011 : Danni Lowinski ( TV series , 5 episodes )
2010–2012 : Vier Frauen und ein Todesfall ( TV series , 7 episodes )
2011 : Tante Inge haut ab ( TV film )
2011 : Ein Schatz fürs Leben – Abenteuer in Panama ( TV film )
2011 : Lilly Schönauer – Liebe mit Hindernissen ( TV series )
2012 : Die Tote ohne Alibi ( TV film )
2013 : Dora Heldt : Ausgeliebt ( TV film )
2014 : Dora Heldt : Unzertrennlich ( TV film )
2016 : Krauses Glück ( TV film )
2016–2017 : Dr. Klein ( TV series , 5 episodes )
2017 : Um Himmels Willen – Altes Geheimnis ( TV series )
2018 : Großstadtrevier – Blutrache ( TV series )
2018 : Bettys Diagnose – Weiße Mäuse ( TV series )
References
External links
Julia Stinshoff , filmportal.de
Julia Stinshoff , FP Berlin agency
21st-century German actresses
German stage actresses
German television actresses
German film actresses
Actors from Bonn
1974 births
Living people
Alfred Saker ( 21 July 1814 in Wrotham , Kent – 12 March 1880 in Peckham ) was a British missionary of the London Baptist Missionary Society . In 1858 he led a Baptist Mission that relocated from the then Spanish island of Fernando Po and landed in Southern Cameroons . According to the record , he bought land from indigenous Bimbia chiefs , established a seaside settlement christened Victoria after the reigning British Empress . The settlement was renamed Limbe by decree in 1982 by President Ahmadou Ahidjo of Cameroon .
Alfred Saker wished to be known under no other designation than a `` Missionary to Africa '' .
He was a leader of the early British Baptist missionaries that established churches on Fernando Po Island and Cameroon . His 1844-1876 mission work included translation - between 1862 and 1872 - of the Bible into the Duala language .
Biography
Early life and consecration ( 1841 - 1842 )
Birthplace – Childhood – Youth
Alfred Saker was born on 21 July 1814 in Borough Green , in Wrotham , Kent . His father was a millwright and engineer , and the parent of a large family of children , many of whom died in infancy .
Alfred was a weakly babe . His parents could afford only to send him to the National School of the place . He early showed a great love for books . He later entered his father 's workshop , carrying with him a thirst for knowledge , study and books . Before he was sixteen , he had constructed a small steam-engine .
Conversion – Devotion to Christ
There was , indeed , a small Baptist chapel in the hamlet . Alfred Saker 's mind was not on the Gospel . One Sabbath evening he was strolling alone through the street , when the singing in a chapel that he passed drew his attention . He entered .
He assisted in the choir , and as his gifts drew attention , he was prompt to exercise them in the cottages and hamlets around . He took an active part in every good work . On 4 January 1834 , at 19 years old , he was baptized by Mr. Fremling , of Foots cray , and became a member of the church in the village of his nativity .
With the public devotion of himself to Christ , he began to extend his labours in every direction . His evenings were either given to self-improvement or he would go to some member 's house , where a few lowly people were gathered for converse and prayer . His fitness for evangelistic service became more and more apparent . Not a village or hamlet in the neighbour¬hood was left untouched by his zealous ministrations .
This , perhaps , may be regarded as the beginning of his ministry . It was a voluntary movement on his part . The church soon called him to exercise his ministry in a more formal way , and for some time , at their request , he occupied every other Sabbath the little chapel at Plaxtol .
Dockyard at Devonport – Marriage
The death of his father , in 1838 , led Saker to seek employment elsewhere . He applied at various dockyards , and was appointed in Devonport , preparing drawings for the Admiralty . In October 1839 , he was sent for nine months to the dockyard at Deptford , to superintend the erection of machinery .
In February 1840 , in St Marys , Newington , London , he was married to Helen Jessup and returned to Devonport .
Desire for a missionary life
In the early days of his Christian life , he had formed the desire to consecrate his powers to the service of Christ in Africa . He owed much to his highly esteemed pastor , the Rev . Thos . Horton . In this wish he was encouraged by his devoted wife . He was accepted by the Committee of the Baptist Missionary Society . Mr. and Mrs. Saker , then members of the Morice Square Baptist church , Devonport , offered themselves for the work . It was the purpose of the missionary executive to use a small steamer in connection with mission work and Mr. Saker went out in the position of assistant missionary , combining with that the duties of engineer .
Departure for Africa
Origin of the African Mission & The exploration
The Act of Emancipation in Jamaica drove numbers of the freed Africans to Gospel the light of life to the land of their fathers , the Dark Continent . Other British candidates like Rev . Joseph . Merrick , Alfred Saker , with their families , were examined and accepted . He arrived in Douala with his wife in 1845 .
Jamaican Baptist Mission to Eq . Guinea and Cameroon
In Jamaica , there was an end to slavery . A number of ex-slaves who had become Christians decided to become missionaries in Africa . So began the Jamaican Baptist Missionary Society work in 1843 , in Fernando Po , today Equatorial Guniea near the coast of Cameroon .
In 1853 , the Spanish government , instigated by the Jesuit missionaries , insisted on the departure of the Baptists from Fernando Po , and suppressed all Protestant worship . The converts resolved to accompany their teachers , and the whole Baptist community removed under Mr. Saker 's guidance to Amboises Bay , on the mainland . He purchased a tract of land on the coast from the Bimbia chief , and mapped out the new colony of Victoria . Under his energetic superintendence and untiring personal labor the ground was soon covered with houses and gardens for the exiles . Mr. Saker 's influence upon the native chiefs and their people was most successfully exercised in suppressing many of their cruel and sanguinary customs . Indeed , if he had chosen , he might have made himself their king in the later years of his residence among them . Although he lived so long in a climate deadly to Europeans , he suffered greatly from fever and debility .
Shortly after his arrival at Fernando Po , the headquarters of the Baptist missionaries , he visited the tribes on the mainland at the mouth of the Cameroons River . Here he built a house suitable for the work , with his own hands , and gradually acquired acquaintance with the language of the people . Within two years of the commencement of his labors he had reduced their language to writing and prepared a lesson-book for the school which he had formed . With the printing-press and material sent to him by the church at Devonport he printed schoolbooks for the use of his scholars and portions of the New Testament .
In 1849 , the church at Cameroons was formed , and a Christian civilization began to spread itself there through Mr. Saker 's efforts . He induced the people to labor with something like regularity in agriculture , introducing various plants , such as bread-fruit , mangoes , oranges , and other fruits and vegetables for daily sustenance . These productions , moreover , enabled them to obtain manufactured articles from the ships frequenting the river , and in the course of a few years a civilized community was established . He taught his converts the industrial arts , and soon found himself surrounded by artisans of all sorts , carpenters , smiths , bricklayers , etc . The more forward scholars soon became helpful in the printing-office work , and aided in the translation and printing of the Scriptures in the Duala tongue , which was his lifelong task .
In 1851 , the mission was reduced by death to such a degree that not a single fellow-laborer remained of those who went out with him , except one or two colored brethren . All his European colleagues were gone , and he was left alone . Hitherto he had been in a subordinate position , but now from necessity he was obliged to take the lead .
In 1858 , the Spanish authorities expelled the Protestant missionaries from Fernando Po and Alfred Saker returned to the mainland with a group of liberated slaves , and bought a large tract of land ( 16 km x 8 km ) from King William of Bimbia . The small group built a school , a church , and other buildings for the mission , thereby founding the city of Victoria , now Limbé ( since 1982 ) . They also faced problems of health or the hostility of the population . They opened churches , dispensaries and centers of care and trained a great number of Cameroonian pastors , tailors , shoe-makers , masons and carpenters who helped them build the Church of Béthel in 1860 .
Lifetime work : Bible translation in Duala
In 1847 , the Jamaican Joseph Merrick had completed a translation of the Gospel of Matthew into the Isubu language .
A year later Saker himself started a translation in Douala . In 1872 he had the whole Bible translated in this language and 200 copies were printed at his own press . In the meantime , Saker established a European settlement named Victoria .
The Protestant missionaries were forced to leave the Roman Catholic Spanish island of Fernando Po and could now join forces with Saker from this settlement .
Working with fellow missionaries
One of the fascinating things in the work of Saker was working with people from Jamaica . Joseph Merrick can be seen as the pioneer of the work in Cameroon . He had a talent for learning languages and within a short time he preached in Isubu and Douala . He died on the way to Jamaica in the year 1849 .
Tensions with missionaries and country peoples
Another Jamaican was Rev . Joseph Jackson Fuller ( 1825-1908 ) , born into slavery in Jamaica . In 1850 he was accepted as a missionary and eight years later he became pastor . Fuller wrote in the period in Fernando Po about tensions between the whites from England and the former slaves from Jamaica .
The British showed themselves in a paternalistic attitude and a certain degree of cultural domination . Fuller realized a lot of work in education , oversaw the printing and negotiated with the local king . He also translated the book Pilgrims Progress in Douala . He left Cameroon in 1888 and until his death he lived in England .
Although all the missionaries of the Baptist Missionary Society were in theory equal , there was nevertheless differences . For example , in the wages : in 1863 Saker received £250 pound , Fuller £125 and Rev . Johnson , the first baptized by Saker , 100 pounds .
There were complaints about the actions of Saker from the local believers , but also a Scottish missionary protested his actions . After investigation the missionary organization said Saker was not guilty , however , the way he is treated the local believers had to change . The Scottish missionary was fired . This was of the opinion that the three performance Saker - Bible translation , printing and the foundation of Victoria - had been largely due to Merrick and Fuller .
Less contrast
By the end of the 1870s Saker stopped his work and returned to his homeland , where he died in 1880 . The history of Alfred Saker shows a less black and white picture than seen on the memorial in Limbe .
Geographical discoveries
Family life
He has been supported during his mission by his wife and kids .
Legacy
Alfred Saker first went to Africa in 1844 as part of a missionary team on the island of Fernando Po ( now Bioko ) . He was , in the opinion of David Livingstone , the most important English missionary in West Africa .
He envisioned great possibilities and tried to convince the English government to make this area a Crown Colony .
He established his first missionary station on the continent near present-day Douala , Cameroon , in 1845 .
He founded the city of Victoria , Cameroon , and translated the Bible into Douala , the local language .
Places named in his honour and other memorials
In Equatorial Guinea
In Cameroon
A Baptist school in Limbe , Saker Baptist College , is named after him .
College Alfred Saker Deïdo - Douala and Alfred Saker Baptist church near by .
Alfred Saker Baptist church in Limbé
Bibliographic sources
Underhill , Edward Bean ( 1813-1901 ) . Alfred Saker ( 1814-1880 ) , missionary to Africa : a biography , ( 1884 ) London : Baptist Missionary Society
Emily Martha Ashfield Saker , b . 1849 . Alfred Saker The Pioneer of the Cameroons , ( 1908 ) , London : Religious Tract Society
Jaap Van Slageren . Les origines de l'Église évangélique du Cameroun
Notes and references
Citations
External links
Deed of Purchase of Victoria District , West Africa
1814 births
1880 deaths
People from Wrotham
British colonial people in the Cameroons
Baptist missionaries in Cameroon
English Baptist missionaries
19th-century Baptists
Baptist missionaries in Equatorial Guinea
British expatriates in Equatorial Guinea
South Konawe Regency ( Kabupaten Konawe Selatan ) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province , Indonesia . It covers an area of 4,200.89 km2 and had a population of 264,587 at the 2010 Census and of 308,524 at the 2020 Census . The official estimate as at mid 2021 was 312,674 . The administrative centre is in the town of Andoolo .
Administrative districts
At the time of the 2010 Census , the South Konawe Regency was divided into twenty-two districts ( kecamatan ) , but since 2010 , three additional districts have been created in 2014 by the division of existing districts - Andoolo Barat , Kolono Timur and Sabulakoa . These districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census , together with the official estimates for mid 2021 . The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres , the number of administrative villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its postal code .
Notes : ( a ) the 2010 population of Andoolo Barat District is included in the figure for Andoolo District , from which it was cut out in 2014 . ( b ) includes the offshore island of Pulau Tawatawaro . ( c ) the 2010 population of Kolono Timur District is included in the figure for Kolono District , from which it was cut out in 2014 . ( d ) includes 20 offshore islands . ( e ) includes 3 offshore islands . ( f ) includes the offshore islands of Pulau Lara and Pulau Moramo .
( g ) the 2010 population of Sabulakoa District is included in the figure for Landono District , from which it was cut out in 2014 .
Climate
South Konawe has a tropical rainforest climate ( Af ) with moderate rainfall from August to November and heavy rainfall from December to July . The following climate data is for the town of Andoolo , the seat of the regency .
References
Regencies of Southeast Sulawesi
Cropthorne New Inn Section is a 0.12 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Cropthorne in Worcestershire . It is a Geological Conservation Review site .
The site dates to the Ipswichian interglacial ( Marine Isotope Stage 5e ) between 130,000 and 115,000 years ago . This was one of the warmest periods of the last half a million years , but there were no humans in Britain . The site has a rich array of mollusc and mammal fossils , including hippopotamus . There are a number of terraces of the River Avon laid down at different periods , and New Inn is a key site for determining their sequence , and for the Pleistocene stratigraphy of the Midlands generally .
There is no public access to the site , which is a triangular area of scrub north of Main Road near the New Inn .
See also
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Worcestershire
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Worcestershire
Operation Nam ( , ) is a 1986 Italian-German war film written and directed by Fabrizio De Angelis ( credited as Larry Ludman ) . It had a sequel , Cobra Mission 2 , released in 1988 .
Plot
Ten years after the end of the Vietnam War , three American veterans who have never resigned themselves to defeat decided to organize a mission to return to Indochina . Their goal is to liberate the `` missing in action '' , i.e . all those fellow soldiers taken prisoner by the Viet Cong and never let go .
Cast
Oliver Tobias as Richard Wagner
Christopher Connelly as Roger Carson
Manfred Lehmann as Mark Adams
John Steiner as James Walcott
Ethan Wayne as Mike
Donald Pleasence as Father Lenoir
Gordon Mitchell as Col. Mortimer
Luciano Pigozzi as Phil Lawson 's Father
Enzo G. Castellari as Major Morris
Thomas Moore
Release
Operation Nam was released in West Germany as Die Rückkehr der Wildgänse on July 31 , 1986 .
References
External links
1980s war films
Macaroni Combat films
West German films
English-language German films
English-language Italian films
Films directed by Fabrizio De Angelis
Films scored by Francesco De Masi
Vietnam War films
Films shot in the Philippines
1980s Italian films
Henry Rossiter Worthington ( December 17 , 1817 – December 17 , 1880 ) was an American mechanical engineer , inventor , industrialist and founder of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in 1880 .
Worthington had several inventions leading to the perfection of the direct steam pump ( 1845–55 ) , patented the duplex steam pump ( 1859 ) , and built the first duplex waterworks engine , widely adopted and used for more than 75 years . He established a pump manufacturing plant , New York City , in 1859 .
Biography
Born in New York City , Worthington was the eldest child of Frances ( Meadowcraft ) and Asa Worthington , an engineer and owner of the `` Hope Flour Mills '' and a man prominent in public affairs . He was a descendant in the sixth generation of Nicholas Worthington , who emigrated from England about 1650 and settled in Saybrook , Connecticut .
He founded the Henry R. Worthington Pump Works in 1845 in Brooklyn , and had a plant on Van Brunt Street , Red Hook , Brooklyn until 1904 when they moved their company to Harrison , New Jersey .
On 24 September 1839 , Worthington married Laura I. Newton of Alexandria , Virginia , the daughter of Commodore John Thomas Newton of Alexandria , Virginia . Six children were born to them , four boys and two girls . Charles C. , born in 1854 , was the youngest and the only one of the children to become actively interested in the family pump business .
At the time of his death , Worthington was survived by his widow , two sons , and two daughters .
Work
Early interests
After being educated in the public schools of his native city , Worthington , who had shown early a decided bent for things mechanical , sought employment that enabled him to become a hydraulic engineer while still a very young man . He concentrated his attention on the problems of city water supply , became thoroughly familiar with steam engines and mechanical pumps , and engaged in experiments intended to improve these machines . Canal navigation interested him , too , and it was in this connection that he made his first invention . As early as 1840 he had an experimental steam canal boat in operation which was fairly successful except that when the boat was stopped it became necessary to resort to hand pump to keep the steam boiler supplied with water . To overcome this deficiency he invented an independent feeding pump which was automatic in its action and was controlled by the water level within the steam boiler ( patent , September 7 , 1840 ) .
Pumping machinery
After pursuing his canal navigation experiments for four of five more years and obtaining a patent on February 2 , 1844 , for an improvement in the mode of propelling canal boats , he turned his attention again to pumping machinery and perfected a series of inventions between 1845 and 1855 which made him the first proposer and constructor of the direct steam pump ( patent No . 13 , 370 ) .
In 1859 , after establishing a pump-manufacturing plant in New York , he perfected his duplex steam feed pump ( patent No . 24,838 ) and in the following year built the first water-works engine of this kind . In the duplex system one engine actuated the steam valves of the other , and a pause of the pistons at the end of the stroke permitted the water-valves to seat themselves quietly and preserve a uniform water pressure .
A distinct improvement on the Cornish engines used at the time , Worthington 's pump embodied one of the most ingenious advances in engineering in the nineteenth century and its principle was widely applied . Because of their reliability and low operating cost , these pumps were greatly used thereafter in America for waterworks and for pumping oil through long pipelines in the oil fields ; they are still used ( 1936 ) for boiler feeding , tank and ballast pumping , and for hydraulic-press work .
Worthington also originated a pumping engine that used no flywheel to carry the piston past the dead point at the end of the stroke . He devised , too , a number of instruments of precision , as well as machine tools which in themselves entitled him to a high place in his profession . In addition to directing his pump-manufacturing plant , which employed over two hundred men , he was president of the Nason Manufacturing Company in New York . He was a founder of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers , acting as the Society 's first vice-president , and was a member of other technical societies .
References
Bibliography
Dictionary of American Biography , Volume XX , Werden - Zuner , Page 539
100 Years of Worthington , ( c ) 1940 by the Worthington Pump & Machinery Corp .
External links
Start up , Run and Shutdown of the 600 HP Snow Engine at Coolspring - June 2013
1817 births
1880 deaths
American mechanical engineers
People from Old Saybrook , Connecticut
Businesspeople from New York City
19th-century American businesspeople
Engineers from New York City
Katlicherra Assembly constituency is one of the 126 constituencies of the Legislative Assembly of Assam state in northeastern India .
Katlicherra ( constituency number 7 ) is one of the 3 constituencies located in Hailakandi district . Katlicherra is part of Karimganj Lok Sabha constituency along with 7 other assembly segments , namely , Hailakandi and Algapur in Hailakandi district , and Patharkandi , Karimganj North , Karimganj South , Ratabari and Badarpur in Karimganj district .
Members of Legislative Assembly
Election results
2021 Result
References
External links
Assembly constituencies of Assam
The yellow-browed tody-flycatcher ( Todirostrum chrysocrotaphum ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , the tyrant flycatchers . It is found mainly in the southern Amazon Basin of Brazil , also Amazonian Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Bolivia ; the species is recorded in Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical swamps , and heavily degraded former forest .
Distribution
Southern Amazon Basin and Rio Negro
The range of the yellow-browed tody-flycatcher is mainly in the southern Amazon Basin , and in the east limited by the Amazon River ; in the southeast , its range extends eastward including Ilha de Marajo and the last downstream region of only the Tocantins River , of the Araguaia-Tocantins River system . This southeast extension of the range ends in central- ( northern ) Maranhão state , in the Baia de Sao Marcos region at the Atlantic Ocean .
In the western Amazon Basin , it ranges into the southern regions of the northwest Basin , and is limited by the Rio Negro that extends to its upstream tributaries in south-central Colombia .
References
External links
Yellow-browed tody-flycatcher videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Photo-Very High Res -- ( Close-up ) ( shows `` Yellow-brow '' ) ; Article ; Article for the `` Yellow-browed tody-flycatcher '' pbase— '' Birds of Peru ''
yellow-browed tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
yellow-browed tody-flycatcher
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Planty Park is a city park in Białystok with an area of 14.94 ha . It connects the May 3 Constitution Park with the Poniatowski Park .
History
In the 18th century , the area of the present Planty was occupied by the Branicki Fallow Fallow deer . In 1837 it was handed over to the Institute of Noble Maidens based in the palace . Until the end of the 19th century , orchards and meadows were located there , from which hay was obtained for the needs of the horse tram depot . The area became increasingly neglected over time , and after 1919 it was left without a farmer or care .
Initially , the park was fenced with a wooden fence , and in the years 1908-1910 with a metal fence with three decorative gates , designed by Engineer Kołuby . This fence lasted until 1934 . During the great economic crisis in 1932 , on the initiative of the voivode of Białystok Voivodeship , Marian Zyndram-Kościołkowski who donated 28 hectares of state-owned land to the city , the design of a city park called Planty was started . This area is located between the present streets : Mickiewicza , Świętojańska , Akademicka and Legionowa . The author and implementer of the project was Stanisław Grall who from 1934 head of the Municipal Plantations department , with whom Józef Blicharski then collaborated on their establishment . In line with the modernist design , pedestrian alleys began to be created rapidly in 1934 . It has a rich and varied green cover , separated by an irregular network of roads and alleys . One of the two fountains provided in the contract between the city and the waterworks and a restaurant pavilion were built in the park .
In the eastern part of the park , there is a rose with a regular layout of quarters , arranged on 4 levels . On the lowest level , a rectangular pool was built , next to which , before 1938 , a sculpture of the `` Washermen '' by Stanisław Horno-Popławski was erected in 1945 . Within two years , leveling works were carried out , new alleys were marked out , about 600 trees of 34 species were planted , original lanterns and cast-iron benches were installed . In 1951 , a monument of gratitude to the Red Army was erected on the main axis of the alley , which in 1990 was moved to the Cemetery for Soviet soldiers at Ciołkowskiego Street . In the park there is also a sculpture by Małgorzata Niedzielko , `` Kawelin Dog '' .
Overview
The City Park is a compilation of a geometric French style and a free , natural landscape layout . A wide promenade with floral carpet floors runs through the park . In the center there is a rectangular pool with a fountain . At Mickiewicza Street vis a vis the Tax Chamber and the Female Gymnasium Anna Jabłonowska née Sapieha , a rose garden was created . These are tunnels made of climbing roses , rows of box trees , gates overgrown with plants - places that arouse the admiration of the city residents and visitors .
The most valuable trees in the park are : English oaks ( Quercus robur ) , hornbeams ( Carpinus betulus ) , Norway maples ( Acer platanoides ) , pines , Norway spruces ( Picea abies ) , and warty birches ( Betula pendula ) . Elder bushes ( Sambucus ) and rose hips ( Rosa canina ) can be distinguished . In the park there are common squirrels ( Sciurus vulgaris ) , woodpeckers ( Picidae ) , House sparrows ( Passer domescitus ) , and great tit ( Parus major ) .
External links
References
Parks in Białystok
Gardens in Poland
{ { Infobox ethnic group
| group = Indian Sikhs
| native_name = ਭਾਰਤੀ ਸਿੱਖ
| native_name_lang = भारतीय शेख
| image = Amritsar Golden Temple 3.JPG
| caption = Golden Temple ( Harmandir Sahib ) or ( Darbār Sahib ) , located in Amritsar , Punjab is one of the holiest shrines in Sikhism .
| pop = 20.8 million
( 1.72 % of India 's population ) ( 2011 Census )
| regions = Majority in Punjab .
Significant populations in Chandigarh Haryana Himachal PradeshDelhiJammu & KashmirRajasthan Uttarakhand
| langs = • Primarily - Punjabi ( Gurmukhi ) Secondary - SindhiKashmiriBengaliEnglishGujaratiHindiHaryanviAssameseMarathiRajasthani
| rels =
| related_groups =
} } Sikhism is the fourth largest religion in India contributing 1.7 % of the population and has existed since the late 15th century . The Sikhs are predominantly located in Punjab State , but are also present in many other parts of India . It is the fifth largest organised religion in the world after Hinduism , Islam , Christianity and Buddhism , and the fourth largest in India with 25-30 million adherents worldwide . These adherents were also known as Khalsa Sikhs .
History
Sikh organizations , including the Chief Khalsa Dewan and Shiromani Akali Dal led by Master Tara Singh , strongly opposed the partition of India , viewing the possibility of the creation of Pakistan as inviting persecution .
Prominent Sikhs in India
Though Sikhs are a minority in India , the community occupies a significant place in the country . The former Chief Justice of India , Jagdish Singh Khehar , and the former Prime Minister of India , Dr. Manmohan Singh are Sikh , as is former President of India Gyani Zail Singh . Almost every council of ministers in India has included Sikh representatives . Sikhs are also conspicuous in the Indian army , primarily because of their history as defenders of righteousness , they formed the sword arm of the British empire . The Late Indian officer with a 5-star rank , Arjan Singh , is a Sikh . Sikhs have also led the Indian army through JJ Singh and the Indian Air Force was led by Air Chief Marshal Dilbagh Singh . Sikhs have been prominent in Indian sports , with the Indian individual gold medalist in Olympics , Abhinav Bindra , being a Sikh . Similarly they occupy important official positions , like Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission , Montek Singh Ahluwalia ; governor Surjit Singh Barnala . Sikhs are also known for entrepreneurial business in India . Milkha Singh , also known as The Flying Sikh , is a former Indian track and field sprinter who was introduced to the sport while serving in the Indian Army . One reason for visibility of Sikhs in the Indian spectrum is the disproportionate role played by the Sikh community during the Indian freedom struggle , with Bhagat Singh remaining a youth icon to Indian youth .
A Sikh place of worship is called Gurdwara . The Harmandir Sahib in Amritsar in Punjab is a prominent Sikh Gurdwara . The Golden Temple represents the highest spiritual seat of Sikh Authority .
Guru Granth Sahib
Guru Nanak was the founder of Sikhism and the first Sikh Guru . The last living Guru , Guru Gobind Singh passed the Guruship of the Sikhs to the Eternal Guru of the Sikhs , the Guru Granth Sahib , the last Guru of Sikhism ( the sacred text of Sikhism ) . It also includes the writings of some Sikh Gurus and the writings of Hindu and Muslims saints because all of these Bhagats and Bhatts shared the view of one universal creator God , they have experienced unison with almighty . Every human being is equal in front of Waheguru .
Sikhism among various ethnic communities of India
Although the Indo-Aryan Sikhs form the majority of the Sikh population , the Sikh community is varied and includes people who speak the Pashto language , the Brahui language , the Telugu language , Marathi language , Assamese language , Hindi language , Sindhi language , Bengali language and many more . The many communities following Sikhism are detailed below . All of these communities belong to one single world of khalsa which count all as one .
Afghan Sikhs
The Sikhs of Afghanistan are primarily Punjabi merchants and immigrants . They speak the Punjabi language within themselves but are usually fluent in Dari and occasionally Pashto as well .
Bengali SikhsSikhism in Bengal region ' dates back to 1504 but has declined after the partition . Sikhism first emerged in Bengal when Guru Nanak visited Bengal in 1504 and established a number of Gurdwaras . Gurdwara Nanak Shahi is the principal Sikh Gurdwara ( prayer hall ) in Dhaka , Bangladesh . It is located at the campus of the University of Dhaka and considered to be the biggest of the 7 Gurdwaras in the country . After the Partition of India , the Sikh community left for India . After the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and Bangladesh Liberation War , Indian Sikh soldiers helped renovate the Gurdwaras left in Bangladesh . Shri Guru Tegh Bahadur ji visited Dhaka . There is another Sikh temple known as the Gurudwara Sangat Tola . Many Sikhs also used to visit a well at the ruins of Jafarabad which they believed has waters with curative powers .
There was a presence of Sikhism in Sylhet Division after Guru Nanak 's visit in 1508 . Kahn Singh Nabha has stated that in memory of Nanak 's visit , Gurdwara Sahib Sylhet was established . This Gurdwara was visited twice by Tegh Bahadur and many hukamnamas were issued to this temple by Guru Gobind Singh . In 1897 , the gurdwara fell down after the earthquake . Nearly all the Sikhs of Sylhet in the early 18th century were found in North Cachar where they used to work for the Assam Bengal Railway . There are around 1 lakh Bengali people who follow Sikhism as their religion in both West Bengal and Bangladesh .
Assamese Sikhs
The presence of Sikhism has been existing in Assam for over 200 years . The community traces its origins to the times of Maharaja Ranjit Singh who took his army to Assam and put some influence of the religion towards the locals . According to the 2001 census , there were 22,519 Sikhs in Assam , out of which 4,000 are Assamese Sikhs .
Assamese Sikhs follow the Sikh religion and celebrate Sikh festivals as they also celebrate cultural festivals such as Magh Bihu and wear traditional Assamese dress . Their language is the Assamese language .
Agrahari Sikhs
Agrahari Sikh is a Sikh community found in eastern India including state West Bengal , Bihar and Jharkhand . Agrahari Sikhs , also known as Bihari Sikhs '' , have existed for centuries in Bihar and Jharkhand .
Bihari Sikhs share their culture with the local Bihari community . The men generally wear the local dhoti and women wear the Sari . They also celebrate Hindu festivals such as the Chath festival .
Dakhni Sikhs
Dakhni Sikhs are from the Deccan Plateau in India located within the states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh . The traditional dress of women is the sari . The native language of Dakhni Sikhs is the Telugu language .
Kashmiri Sikhs
Ethnic Kashmiri Sikhs speak the Kashmiri language and observe Kashmiri culture . They trace their religious heritage to the influence of Sikh soldiers who settled in Kashmir under the Maharaja Ranjit Singh rule in 1819 . However , the soldiers permanently settled in Kashmir .
Punjabi Sikhs
Punjabi Sikhs are the native Sikhs of undivided Punjab region who speaks the Punjabi language . Almost 96 % of global 's Sikh population are ethnic Punjabis . Their traditional dress includes the Punjabi Salwar Suit , Punjabi Tamba and Kurta , Punjabi juti and Patiala salwar .
In addition to the Sikh festivals using the Nanakshahi calendar , Punjabi Sikhs observe traditional Punjabi festivals using the Punjabi calendar .
Sindhi Sikhs
In addition to celebrating Sikh festivals , Sindhi Sikhs celebrate cultural festivals such as Cheti Chand , the Sindhi new year . Sindhi Sikhs speak the Sindhi language . Most of the Sindhi Hindus are Nanak Panthis who believe in 10 Sikh Gurus and regularly go to guru dwara and most of the Marriage also takes place in Gurudwara .
South Indian Sikhs
There are Sikh communities in Karnataka , Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra who converted to Sikhism centuries ago .
The Sikhs comprise Banjara and Satnami . The process of blending the religion into southern India for the Sikligars began at the time of 10th Sikh Guru Gobind Singh , who came to the Deccan and died in 1708 at Nanded ( Maharashtra ) .
It all came by the Sikligars as they came to southern India as expert arms-making camp followers of the tenth Guru . Sikligar is a compound of the Persian words ` saiqal ` and ` gar ` meaning a polisher of metal . The traditional occupation of the Sikligars is crafting kitchen implements .
Banjaras are a nomadic tribe who traditionally travelled with merchandise and are found across a large swathe of northern India , as well as in the south . Sikh Banjaras too travelled with armies of the past supplying them with provisions .
Sikh population in India
India 's Sikh population stands at 20.8 million , which is only 1.72 % of the country 's total population . Out of approximately 25-30 million Sikhs in the world , the majority of them , 20.8-22 million , live in India that is about ( 83.2 % -84.1 % ) of the world 's Sikh population . Sikhs have a fertility rate of 1.6 in India , which is the lowest in the nation as per as according to year 2019-21 estimation . Half a million Sikhs have made Canada their home , and though they constitute 1.4 % of the total population , they have had a notable impact on Canadian society and national politics . Out of the total Sikhs in India , 77 % are concentrated in state of Punjab . Sikhism is the dominant religion in Punjab , India , where it is followed by 16 million constituting 57.7 % of the population , the only Indian state where Sikhism is the majority faith . By 2050 , according to Pew research center based on growth rate of current Sikh population between ( 2001-2011 ) , India will have 27,129,086 Sikhs by half-century which will be more than that of any country including the west .
Sikh population by states
Other states then Punjab , where Sikh population has some impacts are U.T . of Chandigarh ( 13.11 % ) , New Delhi ( 3.4 % ) , Haryana ( 4.91 % ) , Uttarakhand ( 2.34 % ) , Rajasthan ( 1.27 % ) , Jammu & Kashmir ( 1.87 % ) and Himachal Pradesh ( 1.16 % ) .
See also
List of famous Sikhs
Religion in India
Cochin Sikhs
Sikhism
Sikhism in Pakistan
Further reading
Fauja , S. , & Talib , Gurbachan Singh ( 1996 ) . Guru Tegh Bahadur : Martyr and teacher . Patiala : Punjabi University .
References
External links
The Sikh Foundation International – Inspire , Engage & Educate ( English ) -
Sikhismus | Sikh Religion | Sikhi | DISR - Deutsches Informationszentrum für Sikh Religion informiert | Gurbani | Gurmat ( German & English )
Ia Ia , I Do ( ) , is a 2012 co-produced Mainland China and Taiwan romance comedy drama . The `` Ia Ia '' from the title is the sound of whining in Chinese which is pronounced `` Ah Ya '' . The drama stars Dylan Kuo , Tammy Chen , Song Min Yu , Re Yi Zha and Xu Yue . Directed by Yang Guan Yu and Ke Zheng Ming , the drama is produced by Chinese web streaming site Tudou . Filming began on September 5 , 2011 on location in Taiwan and Dongshan County in Fujian province , China and finished on December 9 , 2011 .
Synopsis
Qin Ai Ya is a hardworking individual who works many odd jobs to save up money . Due to a past heartbreak she does not think about love but only cares about making money . Her dream is to marry a rich guy so she can live a relaxing life , but she mistakes Ji Xiang En , a rich land developer , for a poor waiter she met at a party .
Summary
Qin Ai Ya ( Tammy Chen ) is an orphan who lives on the beautiful but impoverished Yuan Zhou Island . She was raised and taken care of by the local residents of the island . Due to a past relationship that ended in heartbreak Ai Ya does not believe in true love anymore , instead focusing on making money and dreaming of becoming rich . To save money and make a living she works many odd jobs such as last-minute wedding photographer , hired actress to break up with someone and drug store manager .
Ji Xiang En ( Dylan Kuo ) is the tall and handsome CEO of a land development corporation . His father died when he was young leaving him to take care of the family business and his mother . Due to his attractive background and looks , gossip magazines constantly him to many beauties but his love only belongs to Tong Hua ( Reyizha Alimjan ) , his childhood friend who is a rich girl who became a famous actress . Xiang En desperately wants Tong Hua to marry him but she feels she does not love him enough to accept his marriage proposal . When his former friend and classmate Wu Wei ( Song Min Yu ) shows up to even an old score , Wu Wei courts Tong Hua who he knows is a very important person of Xiang En . Xiang En is heartbroken when he finds out about Tong Hua and Wu Wei relationship in the tabloids .
Ai Ya and Xiang En first encounter each other when she is chasing a purse snatching thief , barefoot in an evening gown on the streets of Taipei . When doing so she damages Xiang En 's brand new expensive car without realizing it . The two meet again when Ai Ya crashes a high-profile charity party in hopes of meeting a rich guy . She runs into Xiang En who pretends to be a waiter while trying to get away from tabloid photographers trying to capture images of him and Tong Hua together . Ai Ya mistakes him for a poor waiter when he ruins her dress and soon a lot of misunderstanding ensues between the two .
Ai Ya , Xiang En , Tong Hua and Wu Wei cross paths when Tong Hua 's father 's corporation is considering developing a seaside resort in Yuan Zhou Island . Xiang En and Wu Wei fight to win the contract for the project , but must gain the local residents ' support in order to be the better prospect . It seems the only person that can help them is Qin Ai Ya . As Xiang En and Ai Ya become closer she helps him get over Tong Hua and he breaks the barrier that has prevented her from loving another .
Cast
Main cast
Dylan Kuo 郭品超 as Ji Xiang En 季翔恩
Tammy Chen 陳怡蓉 as Qin Ai Ya 秦璦亞
Song Min Yu 宋珉宇 as Wu Wei 吳維
Reyizha Alimjan 热依扎 as Tong Hua 童樺
Xu Yue 徐越 as Xie Chao Qun 謝超群
Supporting cast
Kelly Mi 米凱莉 as Chen Jia Huì 陳家慧
Liu Cheng En as Chen Yi 沈一
Qiu De Yang 邱德洋 as Andy
You Xuan 游喧 as Xuan Xuan 萱萱
Xu Shuo 許爍 as Yaya 牙牙
Cameos
Bai Yun 白雲 as Shoe shop owner 鞋店老闆
Zhang Da De 張達得 as Wan Shao Jun 萬少君
He is Xi 荷希 as Zhou Lì Lì周莉莉
Soundtrack
No official soundtrack album was released for Ia Ia , I Do . Songs from the soundtrack are taken from Richie Jen 's 2011 album Dare Devil ( 不信邪 ) , Mayday 's 2011 album The Second Round ( 第二人生 ) , Della Ding 's 2012 album One In A Thousand ( 好難得 ) , and Victor Wong 's 2012 album Unopened Gift ( 未拆的礼物 ) . The opening theme song is `` I Only Like This 我就是喜歡這樣 '' by Richie Jen and Della Ding . The closing theme song is `` Starry Night 星空 '' by Mayday .
`` I Only Like This 我就是喜歡這樣 '' by Richie Jen 任賢齊 & Della Ding 丁噹
`` Starry Night 星空 '' by Mayday 五月天
`` One Person Is Impossible 一個人不可能 '' by Della Ding 丁噹
`` I Am Still The Same 我還是一樣 '' by Della Ding 丁噹
`` Does He Still Know Me 他還認不認得我 '' by Della Ding 丁噹
`` Radiance 光芒 '' by Richie Jen 任賢齊
`` Perfect Miracle 完美的奇蹟 '' by Richie Jen 任賢齊
`` Brave Souls 勇敢的靈魂 '' by Victor Wong 品冠
Filming locations
Major filming took place in Taipei , Taiwan and Dongshan County in Fujian province , China . Dongshan County served as the location for the fishing village Yuan Zhou Island . Controversy surrounded the drama after filming finished at Dongshan County . Lead actress Tammy Chen said the beautiful fishing village depicted in the drama was actually an impoverished village with a lack of resources . She stated in an interview that there was no hot water where they stayed , only one bathroom in the entire village , lack of stock and supplies at the local grocery store and lack of food when witnessing villagers during meals .
Broadcast
Ia Ia , I Do was first broadcast on Chinese channels Shenzhen Satellite TV and Anhui Television on March 12 , 2012 airing the 40 minute without behind the scenes 24 episodes version . Taiwan 's CTV 's version began airing the 90 minute with behind the scenes 15 episode versions on March 2 , 2012 . CTV 's re-broadcast of the 90 minute with behind the scenes 15 episodes version aired weekly at 4:30 PM . Later CTV re-aired the drama on its HD channel airing a 60-minute without the behind the scenes 15 episode versions on June 6 , 2012 . China 's 24 episode version can still be seen on Tudou 's streaming website .
Episode ratings
Ia Ia , I Do mostly rank third throughout the series airing with a total average of 0.74 . The viewers ' survey was conducted by AGB Nielsen with a survey range of 4yo TV audience .
Competing dramas on rival channels airing at the same time slot were :
TTV - Love Forward , Miss Rose
CTS - Alice in Wonder City , Waking Love Up
FTV - Absolute Darling , Once Upon a Love
References
External links
CTV website
Facebook page
Tudou website
2012 Taiwanese television series debuts
2012 Taiwanese television series endings
China Television original programming
Taiwanese romance television series
The 2022–23 season is the 118th season in the history of 1 . FSV Mainz 05 and their 14th consecutive season in the top flight . The club is participating in the Bundesliga and the DFB-Pokal .
Players
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 17 June 2022 .
DFB-Pokal
References
1 . FSV Mainz 05 seasons
Mainz 05
Çukurören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Dūkštos Eldership ( ) is an eldership in Lithuania , located in Vilnius District Municipality , east of Vilnius .
Geography and nature
The eldership is home to Neris Regional Park .
Neris Regional Park also incorporates Bražuolė Botanical Reserve and Vepriai Botanical Reserve , which have many rare and endangered plant species and forests common to southern Lithuania .
Also within the nature reserve is the Dūkštai oak grove with Oak of Dūkštai .
History
Dūkštos were mentioned in historical sources since the 14th century , when Teutonic knights frequently raided Kernavė , and its people used to retreat to Dūkštos .
In 1743 , Dūkštos became property of a Piarist monastery . By 1790 , there was a working parish school , later reformed into a Piarist college .
After the failed November Uprising of 1830-1831 , Piarists were forced to leave Dūkštos . The village was very supportive of the January Uprising of 1863 , and a revolutionary commander headquarters were established in the nearby forests , while a nearby valley served as the location of a military hospital for revolutionaries and people injured during clashes with the Tsarist authorities . In 1868 , by an order of the governor of Vilnius , the local church was closed , later converted to an orthodox church , and only returned to Catholics by the end of the 20th century .
Populated places
There are 49 villages in the eldership , the largest of which are Brinkiškės , Dūkštos , Geisiškės , Verkšionys and Miežionys .
Notable locations
Stone of Bradeliškės - a protected boulder with undeciphered runic script , located within Dūkštai oak grove .
Karmazinai Mound
Tumuli compound near Karmazinai village
Bradeliškės Hillfort
Bradeliškės water mill
Ethnic composition
According to the 2011 census :
Poles - 53.9 %
Lithuanians - 30.1 %
Russians - 11.6 %
According to the 2021 census , out of 1808 inhabitants :
Lithuanians - 774 ( 42.8 % )
Poles - 764 ( 42.3 % )
Russians - 196 ( 10.8 % )
Gallery
References
Elderships in Vilnius District Municipality
Bruno Junichi Suzuki Castanheira , commonly referred to as Bruno Suzuki ( 鈴木 ブルーノ ) or Bruno Castanheira ( born 20 May 1990 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Malaysia Premier League club PDRM FC .
Born in Brazil , Castanheira was raised in Japan , his maternal family country . He also holds Japanese citizenship .
Career
Beginnings in Japan and Singapore loan
Castanheira was sent out on loan to the Japan Football League club FC Machida Zelvia before returning and being sent out on loan again , this time with S.League club Albirex Niigata Singapore on loan from the parent club in Japan . He made his debut in the 26 July 2010 clash against Balestier Khalsa , in the 1–1 draw . He scored 3 goals in the 2011 Singapore League Cup including a double in the Quarter Final against Geylang United .
In 2012 , Bruno returned to parent club , Albirex Niigata . He played a couple of matches during pre-season and was given the squad number 27 . However , he found first team opportunities hard to come by , only being named on the substitute 's bench once .
Singapore
He then signed with Albirex Niigata Singapore on a permanent basis for the 2013 S.League season upon expiration of his contract . The official announcement was made on 6 December 2012 . Albirex Niigata Singapore finished second runner-up in the battle for second place , after a 3–1 defeat to Home United at Bishan Stadium during their last match day of the season , in which the White Swans needed a victory against the Protectors . He made 32 appearances and scored 7 goals in all competitions .
Castanheira signed in November 2013 with S.League rival Home United FC . On 23 December 2014 , Bruno signed with Geylang International in the upcoming 2015 S.League campaign , where he was reunited with former Albirex Niigata Singapore teammates Tatsuro Inui , Kento Fukuda , and Yuki Ichikawa . On 4 October 2015 , Castanheira scored a hat-trick against Courts Young Lions , ending Geylang International FC 's nine-game winless streak .
He returned to Japan to play for the J2 League team FC Gifu in 2016 .
Malaysia
Castanheira was signed by Negeri Sembilan FA , a club in Malaysia Premier League in 2017 . After good performances in the season , during which he scored 11 league goals , he was transferred to rival club in the same league , Terengganu F.C . II in early 2018 . Later in April the same year , he was brought to the Terengganu II 's main team , Terengganu F.C . I on a short-term basis . He returned to Terengganu II after Terengganu I secured another import player in June 2018 .
In 2021 , Terengganu F.C . decided not to extend Castanheira 's contract and release him . Castanheira was in negotiations with Chonburi F.C . in Thai League 1 but discussions were unsuccessful due to the COVID-19 situation in Thailand . Castanheira signed a one-year contract with Royal Malaysia Police F.C. , continuing in the M league .
Club statistics
Updated to 1 November 2017 .
Honours
Albirex Niigata Singapore
Singapore League Cup winner : 2011
References
External links
Profile at FC Gifu
Albirex Niigata Profile
Bruno Castanheira signs for Albirex Niigata FC ( S ) on a permanent contract .
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Paraná ( state )
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Singapore
Brazilian people of Japanese descent
Brazilian footballers
Japanese footballers
Japanese expatriate footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Singapore Premier League players
Albirex Niigata players
FC Machida Zelvia players
FC Gifu players
Albirex Niigata Singapore FC players
Home United FC players
Geylang International FC players
Brazilian emigrants to Japan
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Singapore
Naturalized citizens of Japan
Association football forwards
People from Castanhal
The wedding of Crown Prince Tupouto ' a 'Ulukalala and Sinaitakala Fakafanua was held on 12 July 2012 , at the Centennial Church in Nukuʻalofa , Tonga . Tongan Crown Prince Tupoutoʻa ʻUlukalala married Sinaitakala Fakafanua , his second cousin and 26th in line to the throne , during the ceremony .
The wedding marked the first marriage of a Tongan Crown Prince in sixty-five years . However , the union caused some controversy among Tongans , as the bride and groom are second cousins .
Background
Tupouto ' a 'Ulukalala became Crown Prince of Tonga and first in line in royal succession in March 2012 following the death of King George Tupou V and the ascension of Tupou VI to the throne . The wedding ceremony marked the end of Tonga 's one-hundred-day mourning period marking the death of George Tupou V , who died in March . The Crown Prince is the son of Tupou VI and the nephew of the late King George Tupou V .
All royal marriages in Tonga are arranged . Under Tongan royal protocol and tradition , members of the royal family may only marry members of Tongan nobility to maintain the royal bloodline . The bride , Sinaitakala Fakafanua , is also a member of the royal family and 26th person in the line of succession to inherit the throne .
Queen Nanasipau ' u Tuku'aho , the wife of the current king , personally arranged the marriage between Crown Prince Tupouto ' a 'Ulukalala and Sinaitakala Fakafanua . The queen pushed for a July wedding , even though the royal family must continue to wear black until February 2013 to mark George Tupou V 's death . The queen 's arrangement was opposed by her husband , King Tupou VI , who questioned whether it was appropriate for second cousins to marry .
The Prince was 27 years old at the time of the 2012 wedding , while the bride was 25 years old .
Ceremony
Earlier in the week , a Ma'utohi ceremony was held to mark the issuance of their marriage license . The Ma'utohi was followed by a reception , held at Fakafanua 's home .
The wedding ceremony was held at the Centenary Church of the Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga in Nuku'alofa on 12 July 2012 . Tupouto ' a 'Ulukalala became the first Crown Prince to marry in sixty-five years . The groom wore grey and black morning dress , while the bride wore a long sleeve , lace wedding dress with a veil that reached the floor of the church .
More than 2,000 guests attended the ceremony , including chiefly families from Samoa and Fiji . Noticeably absent from the ceremony were Queen Mother Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe and her daughter ( king 's sister ) , Princess Pilolevu , who disapproved of the marriage .
Members of the international media visiting Tonga to cover the wedding were given detailed instructions on how to behave during the ceremony . Photography was banned in sacred areas , with the government warning that it would confiscate or delete any photos taken in prohibited places . Photographers were asked to sit on the ground and `` stand up quickly '' to take a photo before sitting back down . Female journalists could not wear sleeveless dresses or shirts and men were to wear suits and ties . Umbrellas , hats , and sunglasses were banned throughout the wedding , while gum , food and drinks were not allowed at the Tongan Royal Palace .
Controversy
The marriage between the Crown Prince and Fakafanua caused much controversy over the practice of marrying closely related cousins . The two of them are double second cousins ( that is , Fakafanua 's father and mother are each the first cousin of the prince 's father ) . The wedding between the cousins was openly criticised by members of Tongan political and royal circles . A leader of New Zealand 's Tongan community noted that there is no word for cousin in the Tongan language ; cousins are considered and called `` brother '' or `` sister '' , which reinforces the controversy among ordinary Tongans .
According to royal sources , King Tupou VI opposed the marriage due to their close relations and made his disapproval known to members of the royal family . ( The king 's wife , Queen Nanasipau ' u , had arranged the royal wedding . ) Two prominent members of the Tongan royal family , Queen Mother Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe and the king 's sister , Princess Pilolevu refused to attend the ceremony . Daughter of Princess Pilolevu , Hon . Frederica Tuita , who is ninth in line to the throne , openly condemned the union , calling the royal arranged marriage `` extremely arrogant and only perpetuated the motive behind social climbers . ''
Political figures and members of the Tongan community also weighed in on the controversy . Pro-democracy leader 'Akilisi Pohiva criticised the wedding , telling TVNZ , `` They are too close ... I do not know about biological effects of two close bloods mixed together , but I think they need new blood from outside . '' A leader of Tongans living in New Zealand , Will Ilolahia stated that many Tongans opposed the second cousins ' marriage , but were unwilling to speak out publicly . Speculation also centred on possible genetic disorders that may result from a marriage of two close relatives .
Lord Vaea , an uncle of the Crown Prince , defended the marriage saying , `` It 's a new beginning for the royal household . They are both in their 20s , we are looking at that to preserve that constitutional monarchy within Tonga . '' A New Zealand geneticist noted that there is `` only a slight risk '' of genetic disorders for the offspring of cousins who marry .
In addition to the controversy over royal genetics , the wedding took place amid economic and political uncertainty . Tonga was projected to have the slowest economic growth in the Pacific Islands region during 2012 . The royal family agreed to pay for the costs of the wedding ; past weddings had been covered by the Tongan government . The government of Tonga may also face a potential vote of no confidence in the week following the wedding , adding to the country 's political and economic woes .
References
2012 in Tonga
Tongan royalty
Nukuʻalofa
July 2012 events in Oceania
Tupouto ' a
The Sumatran trogon ( Apalharpactes mackloti ) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae . It was formerly considered conspecific with the Javan trogon under the common name blue-tailed trogon .
It is endemic to the Indonesian island of Sumatra . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
Description
The male is blue-grey with a red beak and a pale blue patch of skin around the eye .
References
Sumatran trogon
Birds of Sumatra
Sumatran trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gilbert Shakespeare ( baptised 13 October 1566 , buried probably 3 February 1612 ) was a younger brother of William Shakespeare . His name is found in local records of Stratford-upon-Avon and London .
Life
His father , John Shakespeare , was a glover living in Henley Street , Stratford , and an alderman of the town from 1564 . Gilbert may have been named after Gilbert Bradley , also a glover , who lived on the same street and who in 1565 was one of the capital burgesses of Stratford . He was baptized in the Holy Trinity on 13 October 1566 .
He contracted and survived the plague . A single surviving signature shows him to have been literate , and he most likely attended the free school in Stratford along with his brother William . It is possible that around 1578 both boys were removed from school to help their father and his struggling business .
In London Gilbert Shakespeare was a haberdasher , a seller of needlework supplies such as thread , needles , and ribbons , living in the parish of St Bride 's . In 1597 he and a shoemaker stood surety for £19 bail for William Sampson , a Stratford clockmaker , in the Court of Queen 's Bench .
On 20 October 1596 , John Shakespeare and his children ( including Gilbert ) were granted permission to display a coat of arms . It was gold-colored , with a black banner bearing a silver spear , and a motto saying `` Non sans droit '' .
Gilbert Shakespeare seems to have moved back to Stratford by 1602 . On 1 May of that year he acted as his brother William 's agent in taking delivery of the deed to 107 acres of farm land in Old Stratford , which William Shakespeare had bought from John and William Combe for £320 . Along with several unsavoury Warwickshire characters , Gilbert was named in a bill of complaint on 21 November 1609 instigated by Joan Bromley , a Stratford widow , but the details of the suit are unknown . He signed his name in a neat Italian hand , `` Gilbert Shakesper '' , as witness on 5 March 1610 to a lease of property in Bridge Street in Stratford .
Death
The register of the Holy Trinity church records the burial of `` Gilbert Shakspeare , adolescens '' on 3 February 1611–12 , which today is generally taken to be the Gilbert Shakespeare baptised in 1566 . Charlotte Stopes tracked every usage of the terms adolescens , adolocentulus and adolocentula and their variants in the Stratford parish register and came to the conclusion that adolescens meant only that Gilbert Shakespeare died unmarried , especially in the absence of any records of his marriage , the baptism of his child , any other record of his death , and the fact that he is not mentioned in his brother 's will . Mark Eccles and Schoenbaum have followed her judgement .
Earlier biographers , however , speculated that this might be his son instead . Of the burial entry , Sidney Lee wrote : `` 'Gilbert Shakespeare adolescens , ' who was buried at Stratford on February 3 , 1611–12 , was doubtless son of the poet 's next brother , Gilbert ; the latter , having nearly completed his forty-sixth year , could scarcely be described as adolescens ; his death is not recorded , but according to William Oldys he survived to a patriarchal age . ''
Oldys wrote in the mid-18th century , without certainty as to identity : `` One of Shakespeare 's younger brothers , who lived to a good old age , even some years , as I compute , after the restoration of King Charles the Second ... The curiosity at this time of the most noted actors to learn something from him of his brother , etc. , they justly held him in the highest veneration ... ''
Notes and references
Notes
Sources
1566 births
17th-century deaths
People from Stratford-upon-Avon
Shakespeare family
Haberdashers
16th-century English people
17th-century English people
15th Street is a streetcar station located east of the intersection of H Street NE and Benning Road . It is located on the H Street/Benning Road Line of the DC Streetcar system .
History
15th Street station opened to the public as one of the original stations on February 27 , 2016 .
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform in the center of Benning Road .
References
H Street/Benning Road Line
Streetcars in Washington , D.C .
DC Streetcar stops
Electric railways in Washington , D.C .
Street railways in Washington , D.C .
750 V DC railway electrification
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2016
Splint armour ( also splinted armour , splint armor , or splinted armor ) is armour consisting of strips of metal ( `` splints '' ) attached to a cloth or leather backing . It is most commonly found as limb armour such as greaves or vambraces .
Description
Limb armour consisting of strips of metal ( `` splints '' ) are attached to a fabric ( cloth or leather ) backing ( `` foundation '' ) . The splints are narrow metal strips arranged longitudinally , pierced for riveting or sewing to the foundation . Splint armour is most commonly found as greaves or vambraces .
It first appears in a Scythian grave from the 4th century BC
then in the Swedish Migration Era ; and again in the 14th century as part of transitional armour , where it was also used to form cuisses and rerebraces .
Splint mail/splinted mail
While a few complete suits of armour have been found made from splints of wood , leather , or bone , the Victorian neologism `` splinted mail '' usually refers to the limb protections of crusader knights . Depictions typically show it on the limbs of a person wearing mail , scale armour , a coat of plates or other plate harness .
Knights in effigy are depicted with leg protection of a matrix of disks with a diameter equal to the splints . This style appears to depict sabatons and splints on greaves , or may represent padded armour underneath splints , or the rivets on brigandine .
See also
Coat of plates
Mirror armour
Scale armour
Mail and plate armour
Gambeson
Brigandine
References
Bibliography
Body armor
Medieval armour
Bethlehem is a Palestinian city in the central West Bank , identified as the birthplace of Jesus of Nazareth .
Bethlehem may also refer to :
Places
Ireland
Bethlehem , County Westmeath , a townland in Kilkenny West civil parish
Israel
Bethlehem of Galilee
Netherlands
Bethlehem , Groningen
New Zealand
Bethlehem , New Zealand , an area within the city of Tauranga
Palestine
Bethlehem Governorate
South Africa
Bethlehem , Free State
Switzerland
Bethlehem , a quarter in the Bümpliz-Oberbottigen district of Berne
United Kingdom
Bethlehem , Carmarthenshire
Bethlehem , Pembrokeshire
United States
Bethlehem , Connecticut
Bethlehem , Florida
Bethlehem , Georgia
Bethlehem , Indiana
Bethlehem , Kentucky
Bethlehem , Louisiana
Bethlehem , Maryland
Bethlehem , Massachusetts , formerly a constituent part of Otis , Massachusetts
Bethlehem , Mississippi
Bethlehem , New Hampshire , a town
Bethlehem ( CDP ) , New Hampshire , a census-designated place within the town
Bethlehem , New York
Bethlehem , Alexander County , North Carolina
Bethlehem , Ohio , an unincorporated community in Richland County
Bethlehem , Marion County , Ohio , a ghost town
Bethlehem , Pennsylvania
Episcopal Diocese of Bethlehem
Bethlehem , Tennessee
Bethlehem , West Virginia , in Ohio County
Bethlehem , Harrison County , West Virginia
Music
Bethlehem ( band ) , a German extreme metal band , or their 1992 demo album
Bethlehem ( Christian band ) , a 1970s American band
Bethlehem Records , a defunct American jazz record label
Bethlehem ( Brian McKnight album ) , 1998
Bethlehem ( The Original Sins album ) or the title song , 1996
Bethlehem , an album by Kari Jobe , 2007
`` Bethlehem '' , a song by Declan McKenna from What Do You Think About the Car ? , 2017
`` Bethlehem '' , a song by Duplex ! from Ablum by Duplex ! , 2005
`` Bethlehem '' , a song from the 1996 musical Martin Guerre by Claude-Michel Schönberg
Other uses
Bethlehem ( film ) , a 2013 Israeli film
Bethlehem , Mountain Ash a demolished Calvinistic Methodist chapel in Mountain Ash , Glamorgan , Wales
Bethlehem Chapel , a chapel in Prague
Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard , an American shipyard
Bethlehem Steel , an American steel-producer
Bethlehem Sparrows Point Shipyard , an American shipyard
Bethlehem , a meteorite fall of 1859 in Bethlehem , New York , United States
Bethlehem , another name for nativity scene
See also
Belem ( disambiguation )
Bethlehem Old Work , U.S. Virgin Islands
Bethlehem Township ( disambiguation ) , various townships in the United States
Bethlem Royal Hospital , a mental institution near London that became the source of the English word bedlam
Two cruisers of the German navy were named Niobe and built in 1898 :
, in service 1900–1925
, in service 1940–1944
German Navy ship names
Black Mill is the name of a number of windmills , and to a lesser extent watermills in the United Kingdom .
Windmills
Black Mill , Aldeburgh , a windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Barham , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Bethersden , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Belton , a windmill now in Norfolk
Black Mill , Beverley , a windmill in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Black Mill , Bexhill , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Bognor Regis , a windmill in West Sussex
Black Mill , Botesdale , a windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Brighton , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Burgh Castle , a windmill now in Norfolk
Black Mill , Cawston , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Chatteris , a windmill in Cambridgeshire
Black Mill , The Dicker , Chiddingly , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Corpusty , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Croydon a windmill in Surrey
Black Mill , East Blatchington a windmill in East Sussed
Black Mill , East Bergholt , a windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Eastbourne , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Elsworth , a windmill in Cambridgeshire
Black Mill , Felpham , a windmill in West Sussex
Black Mill , Forncett St Peter , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Harbledown , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Headcorn , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Horsey , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Loddon , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Ludham , a Norfolk
Black Mill , Lyminge , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Moulton St Mary , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , North Cove , a windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Ore , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Orford , a windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Patrington a windmill in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Black Mill , Playden , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Sandwich , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Sidestrand , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Smarden , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Southwold , a windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Stone Cross , a windmill in East Sussex
Black Mill , Storrington , a West Sussex
Black Mill , Thorpe , a Windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Upton , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Wheatacre , a windmill in Norfolk
Black Mill , Whitstable , a windmill in Kent
Black Mill , Wyverstone , a , windmill in Suffolk
Black Mill , Yaxley , a windmill in Cambridgeshire
St Martin 's Black Mill , Canterbury , a windmill in Kent
Banham 's Black Mill , Freethorpe , a windmill in Norfolk
Greengrass 's Black Mill , Great Yarmouth , a windmill in Norfolk
Watermills
Black Mill , Sturry
See also
Blackmill ( disambiguation )
