0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:57 CMPD video : Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
RICHMOND HILL , Ont . — Officials say the man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto on Monday was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for two months last year .
A spokesperson with the Department of National Defence says Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23 , 2017 until Oct. 25 .
They say Minassian did not complete their recruit training and asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days .
The 25-year-old from Richmond Hill , Ont. , was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder .
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk in north Toronto on Monday afternoon .
More coming .
The 27th annual Fall Cancer Conference was held Friday at the Erickson alumni center . The theme of this year 's conference was Translating Personal Medicine into Cancer Care .
The Annual Cancer Conference hosted by the Mary Babb Randolph Cancer Center and the WVU Cancer Institute updates local practitioners and employees about the latest findings in new cancer research .
`` Cancer care is changing really rapidly , '' said Richard Goldberg , Director of the WVU Cancer Institute . `` Lots of new drugs , Lots of new approaches , and staying up to date in it is a constant challenge . So the purpose of this meeting is to try and be sure that our practitioners know the latest things and can bring their patients the best possible treatment . ''
This knowledge-based conference is designed for physicians , physician assistants , pharmacists , nurses and other health care providers interested in cancer treatment .
`` So as a part of our conference , we have an opportunity to interact with representatives from Pharmaceutical companies and of course all of the new drugs that are being marketed that we 're prescribing are sold by pharmaceutical companies , '' said Goldberg . `` They help to support the conference because they 're interested in getting the latest information into the hands of the practitioners as well , so it 's a great partnership . ''
`` I think the conference is important . It 's not only designed for people at WVU Medicine to attend , but it 's also for people that come across the region , '' said Hannah Hazard-Jenkins , Director of Clinical services for the Mary Babb Randolph Cancer Center and Surgeon in Chief . `` And so it allows us to be able to educate , which is one of the missions of the WVU Cancer Institute . And it also allows us to interact with providers that we do n't interact with on a face to face basis , but allow us to communicate this way . It 's a wonderful event . ''
The consumer Internet of Things is a sprawling ecosystem of hardware . For every well-made product , there are a dozen that raise serious concerns about basic security practices , or require the customer to risk paying top dollar for expensive equipment , only to discover it will be shut down one day . There are also vast categories of hardware that offer no appreciable benefit or are thinly-disguised DRM schemes , but for simplicity 's sake we 're sticking to security issues today . Many IoT devices combine the robust security of a broken chainlink fence with the product design skills of a drunken orangutan and leave it to the consumer to pick up the pieces . Even so , this latest exploit sets some kind of record for sheer creepiness .
According to TheNextWeb ( via [ H ] ardOCP ) , a Dutch woman named Rilana Hamer bought a small Internet-connected camera from a local store , with the goal of keeping an eye on their puppy while they were away from work . “ I thought I was going crazy , ” Hamer said in a public Facebook post . “ I suddenly heard sounds in the living room . I walked up there and saw my camera move . ”
The camera , purchased from a discount chain store called Action , apparently claimed to offer password protection to protect its stream from being snooped on . But the implementation was clearly cataclysmically flawed . The person controlling the camera began speaking to her , initially in French . Shocked , they disconnected the device , but later decided to set it up again to see if the same thing would happen twice . Within a minute , it was . Hamer videoed this second conversation on their phone . We 've embedded the video below ; be advised it contains some cursing and may not be workplace-safe depending on your company 's policies :
DELEN ALSJEBLIEFT ! ! ! ! Even dacht ik dat ik gek werd . Ik kom thuis en doe mijn dagelijkse dingen . Boodschappen gedaan en deze even opruimen , zingend door je huis heen .. tot je ineens iets hoort rommelen in de woonkamer . Ik liep de woonkamer in en ik zag mijn camera bewegen . De camera die ik een maand of 2 geleden gekocht heb bij de Action en ik in mijn huis had staan . Je sluit hem aan via je WiFi en doet de stekker in je stopcontact . Met een wachtwoord erop en een veilige installatie , kon ik mijn huisje van binnen in de gaten houden ( hoopte ik ) . Je kan hem bedienen via je telefoon en kunt meeluisteren wat er gebeurd in je huis . Dit was perfect , omdat ik net een pup had die alles op de kop zette . Het meest ideale was daarbij dat je ook kunt praten via de webcam en zo ideaal communiceerde .. maar nu , terug naar mijn verhaal .. De camera ging heen en weer .. mijn telefoon lag op bed en ik had geen idee wat hij deed . Was hij aan het updaten ? Prima .. ik draaide me om en ging weer door met uitpakken van mijn boodschappen . Ineens hoor ik gerommel .. word ik nu gek ? ! Née .. ik liep erheen , de camera draaide mijn kant op en ik hoorde : “ Bounjour madame ” . Ik reageerde geshockt : “ hallo , is daar iemand ? ” … ik bewoog naar links en rechts en de camera draaide met mij mee . “ Bonjour madame , tout bien avec vous ? ” Ik rende naar de camera , trok de stekker er uit en gooide hem in een doos .. ik was vol angst en dacht even dat ik gek werd . Ik word bekeken , maar voor hoelang al ? Wat heeft die persoon gezien van mij ? Mijn huis , mijn persoonlijke bezittingen .. tijdens het eten heb ik dit vol verbazing vertelt tegen een vriendin van mij , die zich afvroeg hoe dit mogelijk was .. we besloten de camera nog 1 keer neer te zetten met de lens naar de muur . Zou er gereageerd worden ? Binnen 1 minuut was het raak…- Hello- Do you speak French ? Ik : sorry ? ! - Do you speak French ? Ik : no , Englisch ! ………Ik : What did you do ? …- it 'd be good ? Ik : no ! Get the fuck out of my house , now ! Shut the fuck of ! - ( geen idee ? ) Ik ; shut the fuck of my house , go away ! - hola senorita ! Ik ; ja , fuck you ! - ohhhhhhh suck my dick ! We haalden de stekker er uit en deden de camera weer in de doos .. Huilend , van slag .. Mijn privacy , mijn huis , mijn persoonlijke spullen en ikzelf… ik ben bang .. doodsbang . Alsjeblieft Action , haal deze camera uit het assortiment .. alsjeblieft .. Posted by Rilana Hamer on Saturday , September 30 , 2017
The voice again greets them in French before switching to Spanish with the asupervisorstioned and deeply creepy “ Hola Señorita. ” Hamer promptly returned the camera to Action , which states that it 's investigating the situation . “ It is being investigated by the supplier , ” says Yvette Moll of Action . “ The question is whether it 's in the camera or in the wrong use of passwords and Wi-Fi connection . ”
Welcome to the Internet of Creepy , Shitty Things
With respect to Action , it 's really not a question of those things at all . No Internet-connected camera with modern security features should allow you to keep a default password like “ Admin , ” and it should n't accept an insecure network connection by default , either . Modern computer security uses a concept known as defense in depth to guard against the risk of any single attack . Depending on your home network configuration , you may have a cable modem with a built-in firewall , a router with a built-in firewall , and then a PC with its software firewall . You 're also likely running at least one antivirus or spyware scanner , or at the very least have such an application that you trust and scan with periodically . Any well-designed IoT product should be robustly protected from attack , even when it connects to a local network via Wi-Fi .
The fact that the speaker in question spoke French and at least a few words of Spanish as opposed to English or Dutch suggests they are n't a local , which implies the security in these devices is terrible . The short window of time it took for someone else to connect to the camera when Hamer re-enabled it also suggests the device 's security is third or fourth-rate . Even if Hamer misconfigured the product–something we acknowledge is possible–IoT devices that can be used to monitor a person 's home should be designed to insist on secure settings , save in instances where the end-user deliberately chooses to override them . The alternative is situations like this , where hackers ( the term scarcely even seems to apply , given how quickly the camera was controlled ) can watch you through your own so-called “ smart home ” devices .
The problem here , I 'd argue , goes beyond the specific security protocols of any single product . Manufacturers have fallen over themselves to push “ smart ” devices to market , with a heavy emphasis on making those products accessible , as opposed to making them secure . On the one hand , this makes sense . The more secure a product is , the harder it typically is to use , though good UI and strong default choices can bridge the gap here .
But many of these same companies are also interested in extracting useful data from their own devices that they can monetize and sell . Even companies that never attempted to turn a profit on customer data , like Roomba , now plan to do so . This gives companies two reasons to downplay device security : They want to exfiltrate as much data as possible , and they want to make connecting to your internet camera as easy as possible . Both goals are exactly the opposite of what you want a design team to be thinking about when they implement the security on an IoT device .
In the long run , companies are going to have to grapple with this conundrum if they want to build successful IoT products or move the market past niche acceptance . Nobody wants a camera that someone else can take control of without their knowledge or consent . The fact that these people can also speak to unsuspecting users is the deeply creepy icing on this particular awful cake .
Now read : 20 Best Privacy Tips
It can be tough to make an instant impression , especially when there is a music legend waiting in to follow you on stage , but Chloe Reynolds is up for the challenge .
Chloe is currently supporting Lulu on their 43-date All About The Music tour which comes to Motherwell Concert Hall on Thursday .
The Gloucester-based singer , who released their second album I Am Brave last month , got the job after supporting Marti Pellow and Anastacia .
Chloe said : “ It 's exciting to be asked to tour with these big names , but you ca n't be overwhelmed and just treat them as normal people .
“ It turns out after I supported Anastacia that they are friends with Lulu and I guess being friends they must have been talking and I was invited on this tour .
“ It 's 43 dates in 55 days , so there are n't many days off , but Lulu is amazing and show absolutely no sign of slowing down so I can definitely keep going too .
“ It 's been going really well , I only have four songs so there is n't much time to make an impact , but I go out at half-time to chat to people and sell CDs and I 've been getting some wonderful feedback , someone even bought me an ice-cream and when you are on the road for a long time little gestures like that are very much appreciated .
“ Having said that I do enjoy being on the road , especially when you find yourself somewhere new or seeing something for the first time like watching the pumpkin being harvested in Norfolk . ” ”
Chloe has already topped the Christian charts and hopes for a similarly positive reaction to their latest release .
They said : “ I am really happy with the new album , there were lots of songs I ended up rejecting , but I always feel like they were written for a reason whether at that moment I had to get a certain motion or feeling out .
“ The tour with Lulu ends in November and then I think I 'll have a three days off before touring as a Compassion ambassador , through whom I sponsor a child .
“ I had always sung in choirs at school , but I never thought I 'd have the self confidence to do this until I found Jesus as a teenager so I want to help others share what I discovered . ”
All About The Music sees Lulu performs songs from a career spanning over 50 years including ‘ Shout ' , ‘ To Sir With Love ' , ‘ Relight My Fire ' and ‘ The Man Who Sold The World ' , amongst many others .
The show starts at 7.30pm and there are still a few tickets remaining costing £35 available by calling 01698 403120 or visiting Culture NL
ORLANDO - A Florida woman sparked an explosion of a propane barbecue grill being transported in their SUV when police say they lit up a cigarette.Orlando police Lt. Cindy Lane tells news outlets that the grill was turned on and the propane tank was open in the back of the red Kia Sorento as they left a barbecue at the Central Florida Fairgrounds on Sunday afternoon.Lane says the woman and their husband were burned and their sports utility vehicle was severely damaged . [ ... ]
Miami Heat 's Josh Richardson , left , shoots as Philadelphia 76ers ' Joel Embiid , center , defends while Robert Covington , right , watches during the first half of an NBA basketball gam Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Chris Szagola AP
Victor Moses to begin Premier League title defense with Chelsea against Burnley
The fixtures for the upcoming campaign were announced on Wednesday .
The post Victor Moses to begin Premier League title defense with Chelsea against Burnley appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Hillsboro FFA will hold the the annual Adopt-A-Family 5K on Saturday , Oct. 21 at the Rocky Fork State Park , 9800 North Shore Dr. Preregistration is $ 20 and includes a free T-shirt . Registration forms are available in the Hillsboro High School main office or by contacting the Hillsboro Ag Department at 937-393-3485 , ext . 1582 . Day of registration is available at 8 a.m. and the race starts at 9 a.m. All proceeds will be used to benefit families in need around Highland County during the holiday season . The top male and female for each age division will be awarded . New this year , runners can also dress up in costumes , and prizes will be given for the best costumes . Last year 91 runners and walkers participated in the race . The FFA hopes to have an even bigger turnout this year . Pictured , from left , are Breanne Fender , Taylor Chaney , Kaleb Harp and Mackenzie Oglesby working at the registration table during the 2016 Hillsboro FFA 5K .
The Hillsboro FFA will hold the the annual Adopt-A-Family 5K on Saturday , Oct. 21 at the Rocky Fork State Park , 9800 North Shore Dr. Preregistration is $ 20 and includes a free T-shirt . Registration forms are available in the Hillsboro High School main office or by contacting the Hillsboro Ag Department at 937-393-3485 , ext . 1582 . Day of registration is available at 8 a.m. and the race starts at 9 a.m. All proceeds will be used to benefit families in need around Highland County during the holiday season . The top male and female for each age division will be awarded . New this year , runners can also dress up in costumes , and prizes will be given for the best costumes . Last year 91 runners and walkers participated in the race . The FFA hopes to have an even bigger turnout this year . Pictured , from left , are Breanne Fender , Taylor Chaney , Kaleb Harp and Mackenzie Oglesby working at the registration table during the 2016 Hillsboro FFA 5K . http : //www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_AdoptAFamily-pic.jpg The Hillsboro FFA will hold the the annual Adopt-A-Family 5K on Saturday , Oct. 21 at the Rocky Fork State Park , 9800 North Shore Dr. Preregistration is $ 20 and includes a free T-shirt . Registration forms are available in the Hillsboro High School main office or by contacting the Hillsboro Ag Department at 937-393-3485 , ext . 1582 . Day of registration is available at 8 a.m. and the race starts at 9 a.m. All proceeds will be used to benefit families in need around Highland County during the holiday season . The top male and female for each age division will be awarded . New this year , runners can also dress up in costumes , and prizes will be given for the best costumes . Last year 91 runners and walkers participated in the race . The FFA hopes to have an even bigger turnout this year . Pictured , from left , are Breanne Fender , Taylor Chaney , Kaleb Harp and Mackenzie Oglesby working at the registration table during the 2016 Hillsboro FFA 5K .
Netflix is set to raise its monthly subscription prices for its UK customers .
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99 , however , standard and premium membership prices are set to rise .
Standard membership will jump from £7.49 to £7.99 a month , and Premium membership set to rise from £8.99 to £9.99 for users .
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service , which currently has 104 million subscribers globally , will also be raising rates for the US , France and Germany this year .
Netflix have released a statement regarding the price hikes :
“ From time to time , Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies , introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster . ''
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $ 6 billion for new productions .
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content .
From Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority 's perspective , there 's no confusion about development on provincially significant wetlands .
It 's prohibited — period .
But in light of concerns that a $ 1.5-billion development proposed for Niagara Falls could be in jeopardy , the organization 's chairperson Sandy Annunziata posted a statement on the NPCA website on Monday , clarifying the role the organization plays regarding the development of provincially significant wetlands .
“ The Provincial Policy Statement is unequivocal in its interpretation , ‘ development and site alteration shall not be permitted in significant wetlands , ' ” Annunziata wrote in the statement . “ On behalf of our mandate to further conservation , restoration , development and management of the watershed , we will not compromise our efforts to comply with current policies and legislation . ”
In an interview Tuesday , Annunziata said they felt it was necessary to post the statement after Regional Chairman Alan Caslin sent a letter to Premier Kathleen Wynne advocating on behalf of a development proposed by Chinese firm GR Investments .
The developer is planning a mixture of residential , commercial , retail and entertainment uses on about 193.6 hectares of property , west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club .
The project could be in jeopardy because a provincially significant wetland covers about 95.5 hectares of that property .
Caslin said the intent of their Jan. 20 letter was to ask that the provincial government fix “ the conflicts in their own policies — nothing more , nothing less . ”
They were referring to conflicts between the province 's pro-development initiatives such as the Gateway Economic Zone designation for Niagara , and legislation regarding provincially significant wetlands that can hinder development .
Annunziata said Caslin was doing their job by sending that letter .
“ It 's their job to advocate in their best capacity on behalf of residents , ” as well as small business , developers , investors and lower-tier municipalities .
“ There are a lot of voices that need their advocacy , and I do n't have a problem with Alan doing what they have been entrusted to do , which is basically to echo the concerns of our lower-tier municipalities , ” Annunziata said .
“ But people tend to conflate a lot of these issues , and that 's why I thought it was important to come out with a clear statement about what the NPCA is about , what we do and what we 're going to continue to do . That is not an indictment at all of what ( Caslin ) has to do in their capacity , but we have to make that distinction that we 're going to follow provincial policy . ”
They said Caslin “ rightly put the question to where it belongs ” by sending the letter directly to Wynne , rather than to NPCA .
“ The province crafts policy . The province is responsible for the legislation , we as an agency of the province at the NPCA , simply follow that . ”
Caslin said they have recently discussed the issues with Annunziata , and he 's “ totally on-board with Sandy in that the wetlands do need to be protected . ”
“ I 'm an environmentalist myself , ” they said , referring to past environment-related projects they have been involved with . “ This is something that 's consistent with what I 'm doing in Niagara , as well . I know developers do need to work with the provincial act and make sure they 're compliant . ”
Annunziata said their statement on the NPCA website was also an effort to address “ misconceptions in the community that the NPCA board can somehow steer the process , or make it up as they go along . ”
“ That 's not the case , ” they said .
Caslin said they hope that by the time regional council considers the developer 's proposal “ there are no roadblocks and that we have clear direction from the province as to what we need to do . ”
“ The province has to go through their process to make sure that any conflicts that do exist are eradicated , so that developers when they 're coming with $ 1.5 billion in their hand that they comply with the processes , and in no respect would I ever promote that anybody go around the existing act or any of the processes the province has in place , ” they said .
Caslin said Wynne has shown support for the development in the past , including a trip to China to promote it .
“ I like their approach , and I 'd love to rally behind them but in terms of their own policies I need them straight first so that I can make sure I 'm supporting the project in the right manner , ” they said .
ABenner @ postmedia.com
A recent survey indicated that 55 percent of the population figure that the discovery of extraterrestrials would be squelched .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
First came the suggestion that an “ alien megastructure ” had been observed around KIC 8462852 , a.k.a . Tabby 's Star . Months later , people were talking about a signal seen by a Russian telescope that some thought was transmitted from the environs of a stellar cousin of the sun . And not long after that , the Cyclopean Arecibo antenna in Puerto Rico reported weird signals that seemed to come from the dwarf star Ross 128 , a scant 11 light-years away .
This brisk cadence of celestial surprises might make it seem that we 're on the cusp of proving the existence of extraterrestrials . But just because the crow 's nest announces clouds on the horizon does n't mean you 're close to land .
These three claims purporting to show the existence of aliens have n't panned out . But what happens if some future claim does ? What preparations are in place to deal with the discovery of a radio signal or a laser flash that would prove beyond doubt that we have cosmic compeers ? Does the government have a plan ? Does anyone ?
A lot of people think there is a plan . A secret one . A recent survey indicated that 55 percent of the population figure that the discovery of extraterrestrials would be squelched — deep-sixed to prevent widespread panic . Only 19 percent believe the feds would fess up to E.T . 's existence .
Related : Here 's How We Might Talk with Space Aliens
Such a cover-up would be virtually impossible to pull off . There 's no policy of secrecy , and verifying the signal would involve teams of scientists around the world . But leaving that aside , the fact that so many folks believe it 's in the works attests to a discouraging lack of trust in both science and the public 's ability to handle the news .
So what 's the truth about what would happen if we discovered intelligent aliens ? Back in 1989 , when a now-defunct NASA program to search for extraterrestrial intelligence was gaining steam , protocols were drafted to spell out best practices in case the search proved successful . These were later updated and streamlined by the International Academy of Astronautics SETI Permanent Committee . ( Click here to see the revised protocols . )
There are really only three important components to this two-page text . First , the detection of alien life should be carefully verified by repeated observations . Second , the discovery should be publicized . Third , no response should be sent without international consultation .
All that sounds both tame and sane . But there 's an implicit assumption here : namely , that picking up signals from another world will be a Hollywood moment . We assume that it will play out the way it so often does in the movies : stuporous scientists , settling in for another decade or two of fruitless search , are suddenly jolted into wild-eyed excitement as a signal lights up their equipment . Then they spend about 10 minutes turning knobs and shouting at one another , after which they presumably reach into a desk drawer and pull out the protocols .
Actually , they never take this last step in the movies . And they would n't do it in real life either . In the many years of SETI efforts , there have been numerous false alarms in addition to the three noted at the top of this article . And what happens every time is that the media immediately start reporting the story . There is almost always a bit of sensationalism and a few garbled facts , but the news is out there long before the researchers have managed to verify the signal , as specified by the protocols .
That 's the truth of the matter . Really , it is . Sure , speaking of “ protocols ” has a certain gravitas , but these would only work for a Hollywood-style discovery .
But there 's a deeper question here — one that 's much harder to answer : what would be the long-term effect of learning we 're not alone ? Would we give up religion ? Would we stop waging war ? Would we cower in the face of possible interstellar aggression ?
Related : Space Entrepreneur Thinks Aliens Are Here . Is They Right ?
Facing such questions , social scientists tend to look for historical analogies . For example , what were the consequences when Columbus discovered the American continent ( or if you prefer , when the Vikings or Ice Age Asians did ) ? One problem here is that the analogy is n't terribly apt . These folks were n't doing exploration for its own sake . They found something new by accident .
A better analogy might be the discovery of Antarctica or the source of the Nile . These really were exploration efforts . But even these are poor guides to how we should prepare for the discovery of intelligent aliens or anticipate its effects .
Nineteenth-century explorers had no protocols other than to write up their experiences . Furthermore , the eventual consequences of their discoveries were completely incalculable . Do you think Fabian von Bellingshausen , who first saw the Antarctic continent in 1820 , could have anticipated that less than 200 years later there would be a research base at the South Pole , or that cruise ships would be taking tourists to these forlorn latitudes ?
There is little certainty about what the consequences of finding aliens might be , but there is this : We 'll immediately know something very important . We 'll know that we are neither unique nor special . But if you ask what the legacy of such a discovery will be hundreds or thousands of years from now , there 's simply no way to arrive at an answer that 's either useful or accurate .
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 There Could Be a Village on the Moon by 2030 00:00:58
A Wigan family are marking their late father 's 10th anniversary by climbing Scafell Pike in their memory .
Gemma Bowden and brother David will scale England 's highest mountain to commemorate a decade since dad Iain passed way .
Iain was just 40 when they died in August 2007 from a cardiac arrest , and the pair will be using the hike to raise money for the British Heart Foundation .
They also want to raise awareness of the undiagnosed heart condition Iain suffered with .
Gemma , who was just 15 when they lost their dad , said : “ He died very suddenly and a few weeks later we realised they had a heart condition , Arrythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia ( ARVD ) .
“ Nobody knows a lot about it , which is why they are still doing so much research into it . So we decided to mark the anniversary by raising money for the research . ”
Now 25 and a mother herself , Gemma decided the best way to raise money was to take up one of Iain 's favourite past times .
“ We used to go on lots of walking holidays with dad , so this was the apparent thing to do . I wanted to be in the Lakes because we have so many nice memories of being with them there . ”
Gemma and David will take on Scafell Pike later this month , along with scores of friends and relatives who are travelling from as far and wide as Norway and Canada !
Gemma , from Standish , added : “ It was supposed to be just me and my brother but now it 's turned into quite a big thing ! ”
ARVD is an inherited heart disease caused by genetic defects in the heart muscles .
It is difficult to diagnose and there are few visible symptoms .
It is common in athletes and anyone whose heart is worked more vigorously .
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Rent-to-own customers pay off household appliances over three years
The rent-to-own sector faces a cap on prices similar to limits on the cost of payday loans , but the financial regulator will not impose an immediate similar restriction on overdrafts .
The Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) has spent nearly two years studying borrowing at high interest rates .
It has now outlined a package of plans for rent-to-own , doorstep lending and catalogue shopping .
High-cost credit is used by three million people in the UK .
Single-parents aged 18 to 34 are three times more likely to have a high-cost loan - such as a payday loan , doorstep loan or pawnbroking loan - than the national average .
`` The proposals will benefit overdraft and high-cost credit users , rebalancing in the favour of the customer , '' said FCA chief executive Andrew Bailey .
Campaigners had called for a cap on the interest and charges faced by those using high-cost credit , including overdrafts .
They said that cap on the cost of payday loans , introduced in 2015 , should be a template for the rest of the high-cost credit market .
Some 400,000 people have outstanding debt with rent-to-own firms from which they buy household appliances , paying the money back over three years .
After interest , they can end up paying well over double the cost price .
The FCA said it had seen cases when people had paid more than £1,500 for essentials like an electric cooker that could be bought on the high street for less than £300 .
`` The FCA believes the harm identified in this market is sufficient in principle to consider a cap on rent-to-own prices . It will now carry out the detailed assessment of the impact that a cap could have on the rent-on-own sector and how it might be structured , '' the regulator said .
Such a cap would not be in place before April 2019 .
John Glen , economic secretary to the Treasury said : `` It 's often the most vulnerable who get stung by these dodgy deals , and today 's new rules will go a long way in helping people to look after their hard-earned money . ''
Rent-to-own - a typical deal
Image copyright Getty Images
A typical deal for a fridge bought under a rent-to-own agreement means :
Price of the fridge : £200
Delivery and installation charge : £55
156 weekly payments at APR of 69.9 % : £3.25
Total cost : £507
Source : BrightHouse
More than three million people have dipped into an unauthorised overdraft in the course of a year , exceeding their agreed limit .
In 2016 , firms made an estimated £2.3bn in revenue from overdrafts , with 30 % of this from unarranged overdrafts . The charges for those who go into the red without agreement can be high and complex .
The FCA is proposing that banks offer more information to customers about when and how they go into the red .
It is also considering a ban on fixed fees , which can lead to relatively high charges for a small unarranged overdraft .
Part of discussions in the future will be a `` potential backstop price cap for overdrafts '' , but it is not an immediate proposal .
Gareth Shaw , of consumer association Which ? , said : `` Just last week we revealed that unarranged overdraft charges can still be more than seven times more expensive than a payday loan . It is wrong that the regulator continues to delay taking action , leaving consumers affected by this unfair practice trapped in debt .
`` Last summer , the FCA expressed serious concerns about how unarranged overdrafts work , and now almost a year later it is still refusing to take action . ''
Overdrafts in numbers
3.1m have used an unauthorised overdraft in last 12 months
Those aged 35 to 44 are most likely to have some form of overdraft
A total of 10 % of all 18 to 24-year-olds have exceeded their overdraft limit in the last 12 months
Source : FCA , Financial Lives , October 2017
Have you had problems with high-cost credit , including overdrafts ? E-mail us at haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk
You can also contact us in the following ways :
JLO said they were going home to spend New Year with their fam and low and behold they were seen with their alleged Boo Drake !
While they have been seen together , we have a sneaky feeling it 's just because they have new music coming out together and they 're trying to get some attention…but this seems like a lot huh ?
Jennifer was spotted at Drake 's show in Vegas on NYE , they the 2 were seen gambling on New Year 's day at MGM !
Take a look at the pics here : JLO and Drake in Vegas for NYE
Alright – what 's the deal right ?
Is this relationship real ? Or real convenient for their new music coming out ?
Image copyright Getty Images
Eating nuts regularly could improve sperm health , a study suggests .
Men who ate about two handfuls of mixed almonds , hazelnuts and walnuts daily for 14 weeks improved their sperm count and had more viable `` swimmers '' , scientists found .
The study comes amid a decline in sperm counts across the Western world , linked to pollution , smoking and diet .
Researchers said there was growing evidence a healthy diet could boost the odds of conceiving .
About one in seven couples have difficulty getting pregnant and about 40-50 % of cases of infertility are attributable to men .
The scientists randomly divided 119 healthy men between the ages of 18 and 35 into two groups :
One added 60 grams ( 2oz ) of nuts a day to their normal diet
One made no changes to what they ate
Image copyright Getty Images
Those in the nut group improved sperm :
count by 14 %
vitality by 4 %
motility ( movement ) by 6 %
morphology ( shape and size ) by 1 %
All of these are the parameters the World Health Organization lists as measurements of sperm quality and are associated with male fertility .
Experts said the study backed up others that showed a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids , antioxidants and the B vitamin folate improved fertility .
Nuts contain many of these and other nutrients .
`` Evidence is accumulating in the literature that healthy lifestyle changes such as following a healthy dietary pattern might help conception , '' said Dr Albert Salas-Huetos , from the Universitat Rovira i Virgili , in Spain , who led the study .
'Interesting academically '
However , researchers cautioned that these men were healthy and apparently fertile , so it was not clear whether the findings would apply to the wider population , including men with fertility problems .
Allan Pacey , professor of andrology at the University of Sheffield , who was not involved in the research , said it was also possible that men in the nut group might have made other positive changes to their lives not taken into account by the study .
Dr Virginia Bolton , formerly consultant clinical embryologist at Guy 's Hospital in London , said the findings were `` interesting academically '' but it was impossible to say what effect they would have in terms of boosting the chances of pregnancy .
They added : `` But meanwhile , until we get the answers to the questions , we should all be encouraging all of our patients to stop drinking alcohol , stop smoking , eat healthily , all of the standard things . ''
The results of the study are being presented at the annual meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Barcelona .
Follow Alex on Twitter .
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
U.S. companies expect their investment and hiring to grow at a slower pace in 2018 , and only a small share say proposed tax legislation is driving their capital-spending decisions , according to The Institute for Supply Management . The group 's semi-annual forecast showed factory purchasing managers see capital spending rising 2.7 % in 2018 , slower than the 8.7 % gain reported for this year .
Their counterparts at service providers project investment growth of 3.8 % , also weaker than this year 's 7 % advance .
Less than half of respondents in both manufacturing and services said they 'd raised wages to attract workers .
The survey , conducted in November , suggests that the economy will get less of a boost from business investment next year after strong capital spending helped push the pace of growth above 3 % in the past two quarters .
The findings also raise questions about any impact from the proposed reduction in corporate taxes moving through Congress , even as the Trump administration and Republicans say it will result in a sustained increase in the rate of expansion .
ISM also issues the separate monthly surveys with purchasing managers ' indexes for manufacturing and service providers .
Respondents to a special question in the semiannual poll showed companies were giving less importance to prospects for tax reform or an overhaul of regulations when it came to capital spending . When asked what was behind their investment plans for the next 12 months , about two-thirds in each group of manufacturers and service providers cited the general business outlook , while less than 6 % attributed it to business tax reform .
At a Nov. 14 speech to the Wall Street Journal CEO Council by Trump 's top economic adviser , Gary Cohn , the moderator asked business leaders in the audience for a show of hands if they planned to increase capital investment should the tax plan become law . Few people responded . “ Why are n't the other hands up ? ” Cohn asked .
Economic growth is expected to continue , according to the semi-annual survey . Purchasing managers in manufacturing anticipate sales will rise 5.1 % t next year , and service providers see revenue gains of 6 % . That 's in line with other recent reports indicating business sentiment remains elevated .
Companies will continue to boost headcounts next year , though at a slower pace , the survey also showed .
Manufacturing will see employment growth of 1.2 % in 2018 , following a 2.3 % gain reported for this year since December 2016 .
Service businesses project a 1.5 % increase in hiring after a 2.4 % gain in 2017 .
Both groups predict labor and benefits costs will increase next year , with a 2.1 % advance for manufacturing and 2.6 % for services .
When asked whether companies had raised wages to recruit new people , 53 % of responses in the manufacturing panel said no , while 44 % answered yes .
Among service providers , 57 % of respondents said they had n't lifted worker pay when hiring , while 37 % said they had , according to the survey .
While factory purchasing managers forecast prices will rise 1.8 % in 2018 on average and service businesses expect price growth of 2.2 % , both groups anticipate their profit margins will expand next year .
By Shobhana Chandra
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly , a release date can change at very short notice . Usually the closer a film is to its release date , the less likely its release date ( and any other information ) will change .
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website . The links are provided `` as is '' with no warranty , express or implied , for the information provided within them .
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Garry Lo scored four tries as Sheffield 's revival continued with a fourth win in five games as they defeated Dewsbury 48-12 .
New Dewsbury coach Neil Kelly was officially in charge for the first time after overseeing their side 's first victory of the season over Batley last week , however they fell to a comfortable defeat against Mark Aston 's side .
The Eagles went 16-0 ahead as Menzie Yere , Ben Blackmore and Lo all scored .
Aaron Brown scored to bring Dewsbury back in it and Brandon Douglas ' score just before the break cut the deficit to 16-12 going into the break .
However , the Eagles wrapped it up with 32 unanswered points in the second-half .
Greg Burns and Sam Scott both touched down before Lo scored the final three tries to wrap up an impressive Easter period for the Eagles .
Eagles : Millar , Lo , Yere , Spedding , Blackmore , Brown , Minchella , James , Fozard , Mexico , Scott , Straugheir , Hope . Subs : Trout , Johnson , Burns , Whiteley .
Rams : Guzdek , Alex Brown , Walshaw , Glover , Morton , Speakman , Hemmingway , Stringer , Ward , Teanby , Senior , Douglas , Aaron Brown . Subs : Igbinedion , Tonks , Adamson , Sheriffe .
Image caption Claire Blackburn is climbing Snowdon with other amputees
Removing part of a leg was probably the most difficult decision Claire Blackburn has ever had to make . Especially as it was not medically necessary .
But the mum-of-four could not hold their children 's hands , they could not push their pushchairs , they could not even walk into the living room holding a cup of tea .
`` There were lots of things like that that were getting to me , '' recalled the 37-year-old . `` I had tried everything . ''
Claire badly injured their leg as a 12-year-old jumping into what they thought was a deep stretch of river on Dartmoor .
But water levels were low - and that is where their nightmare began .
After 22 years of constant pain and scores of medical tests , treatments and an epidural , they came to a difficult conclusion .
Within months , their lower right leg was removed in 2015 .
`` It took a bit of deciding but I did pretty much know that was what I wanted , '' recalled Claire . `` I could n't be any worse than I was .
Image copyright Family photo Image caption The 12-year-old jumped off a boulder into a stretch of the River Lyd that was `` normally deep ''
`` I have wonderful children but I could n't hold their hand , I could n't carry them . I permanently walked on crutches .
`` I had a constant fear of someone knocking , touching , moving my leg that would cause me considerable pain . ''
Claire knew as soon as they jumped into the shallow River Lyd , at an area known as Black Rock , during a 1993 summer holiday family picnic , they were in trouble .
`` Where we were , we would normally jump as it was quite a deep space of river , '' they said .
`` But there had been little rain and it caused the water levels to drop . I hit both feet on the bottom , the pain was almost instantaneous .
`` Obviously one of my legs got better , my right leg did n't . From that moment , the pain was permanently there . It changed everything . ''
Claire was airlifted to hospital and a hairline fracture was diagnosed .
Them days as a keen gymnast and cross-country runner came to a halt as the pain would not go .
Them schoolwork was affected too as they spent the best part of a year in Great Ormond Street and Plymouth hospitals .
Image copyright Family photo Image caption The 12-year-old jumped off a boulder into a stretch of the River Lyd that was `` normally deep ''
`` Doctors tried all sorts of things , like nerve blocks , to try and help , '' they said .
`` It was just an ongoing sort of juggle between school and medical stuff - there was all of a sudden barriers of joining in with your friends , they would go off whereas I could n't .
`` It changed your perspective of yourself . As I grew up , I wanted to be part of groups but it was a challenge when you know you 're the one that 's got difficulties and not always able to put a brave face on a situation .
Claire , who now lives in Pontypridd , tried to manage the pain but got quite bitter about their leg as they wanted to be better .
They felt like the `` exception to the rule '' and was constantly disappointed as treatments failed to ease their pain .
`` So I made a decision that I would ask about having my leg amputated , '' they said .
`` Medically my leg was considerably shorter than my other leg . I also have osteoporosis due to the over-use of the one leg and under-use of different parts of my body from my crutches .
`` It got to the point where as much as I felt like I was giving up and being defeatist by saying it , I knew I 'd tried everything - and I did n't want my osteoporosis to become any worse .
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Claire Blackburn says their big challenge now is to `` know where my limitations lie ''
`` They told me that if they took my leg off I might still have the pain - and I was accepting of that .
`` As much as I did n't want the pain , I 've coped for 22 years with pain so I 'm not frightened of pain . ''
Claire met numerous orthopaedic consultants and neurologists at Llantrisant 's Royal Glamorgan Hospital and had the operation to remove their lower leg just eight weeks after giving birth .
`` When I came round in recovery , I was aware that the pain of 22 years was gone , '' they recalled .
`` There was pain from the operation , but not the pain I 'd had for the 22 years . ''
Three years on , Claire is now climbing Wales ' highest peak Snowdon as they `` wants to try everything '' .
`` I feel a kid in a playground , '' they said .
`` I had to build up 22 years of muscle wastage , learning how to move again .
`` Now I want to find my limitations and that 's just enjoying life . It has given me just more ability than I 've had in a long time and I 'm absolutely loving it . ''
Image copyright Robin Mitchell Image caption Roma at a family celebration
Seven young Roma from Govanhill in Glasgow have been photographing their lives .
Govanhill , an area which ranks among the most socially deprived in Scotland , has one of the largest concentrations of Roma people in the UK .
Since November 2017 , the young Roma have been learning photography at creative workshops run by the Glasgow-based social enterprise Media Co-op .
Since then they have been exploring their homes and streets in Govanhill though the lens of their cameras .
Image copyright Robin Mitchell Image caption Laura Balogova , 15 , photographs their brother Marek and cousin Dana
Rahela Cirpaci , 20 , who speaks seven languages including Roma and English says that , `` people get the wrong idea about Govanhill . There 's beauty here , ''
Image copyright Robin Mitchell Image caption Laura photographs their cousin Megan at a family christening
Fellow photographer Nikola Baran , 15 , observes that , `` there are so many things you do n't look at , you would just step on them .
`` I want to look at things more closely . Taking photographs makes you look closer . ''
Image copyright Robin Mitchell
Karolina Olszewska , 14 , wants to become a cabin crew or a psychologist .
They say : `` People are friendly in Govanhill in some ways , but not in other ways .
`` School is a great place to make connections across social divides . ''
Image copyright Robin Mitchell
David Milosiu , 18 , says they want their voice heard .
`` People do up their houses , but the rubbish in the street makes people think Govanhill is a dirty place , '' they say .
`` I want it to be nice place . I wish people would recycle more and not leave things in the street . ''
Image copyright Robin Mitchell
Professional photographer Robin Mitchell says teaching the young people has `` been enormous fun '' .
They say : `` While I 've taught the young Roma technical and artistic skills about composition , light , and focus - I have learned from them about their lives and opinions , and seen their talents bloom . ''
Image copyright Robin Mitchell
Image copyright Robin Mitchell Image caption Nikola photographs their sister eating pizza
An exhibition of their photographs called PhotoMessage opens at Tramway in Glasgow .
All images copyrighted .
Nashville Based Dragon Ninja innovates with New Products once again at unbeatable prices on Amazon !
Nashville , TN ( PRUnderground ) December 11th , 2017
It 's been only 3 months since the company 's inception but they continue to roll out big , bold , and innovative Tactical Gear . They just launched their newest product on Amazon , a Tactical Sling bag . It is an extremely durable bag and has many uses . It 's built with waterproof and abrasion resistant material but still weighs less than a pound . I have no idea how they pulled that one off . I personally tested the bag . My first impression was how impressed with the quality i was . Im not usually a tactical gear aficionado but was immediately drawn to this product . There are so many pouches , straps , and zips on this thing i honestly think batman would find it extremely useful . I stuffed my ipad , iphone , wallets , a tactical flashlight , water bottle , and some other accessories in the bag zipped it up then threw the bag over my shoulder and boom ! I felt ready to go camping , hiking , for a jog , or just toss it in the back of my car for travel . No wonder the bag already has customers raving with 5-star reviews ! See what one amazon reviewer says :
“ This thing was the perfect size ! Easily collapsible , and can be worn or carried multiple ways . All the compartments are great and the material is really really nice . I see this bag lasting me a long time . ”
I could n't agree any more with this reviewer . This Bag truly rocks , and it rolls in just in time for Santa Claus to roll out and finish this holiday shopping season in strong fashion . I strongly reccomend jumping on this rollout price while you still can . Merry Christmas !
To learn more about the Dragon Ninja Tactical Sling Bag you can do so here : https : //www.amazon.com/Dragon-Ninja-Tactical-Backpack-Military/dp/B076MM2CMC/ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=UTF8 & qid=1512790861 & sr=8-1 & keywords=tactical+sling+bag
About Dragon Ninja
Dragon Ninja is a Tactical Sports and Outdoors Apparel Company located in Nashville , TN . Dragon Ninjas Product Line Features Tactical Bags and Backpacks , Tactical Waist Belts , Outdoor First Aid Kits and Survival Kits . Enter our VIP List at dragonninja.org for FREE tactical gear and exclusive deals and coupons up to 80 % off !
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:57 CMPD video : Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
2:37 Witness to Mike Wallace beating testifies in court
2:07 Dale Earnhardt Jr. ca n't wait to go racing
0:52 I-77 toll lane construction ramps up near uptown
Nearly 800 parents of transgender children across the U.S. wrote a letter to President Trump on Tuesday asking them to preserve Obama-era protections for trans students .
The letter decried the Justice Department 's decision not to challenge a judge 's order temporarily banning Obama administration transgender protections issued through Department of Education guidance last May . The guidance stated that Title IX should be interpreted to include gender identity , and that transgender students should be allowed full access to restrooms and other facilities that match their gender identity rather than gender assigned at birth .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Obama Admin . Sends New Guidance to Schools on Transgender Students 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` When this guidance was issued last year , it provided our families—and other families like our own across the country—with the knowledge and security that our government was determined to protect our children from bullying and discrimination , '' the letter stated . `` Please do not take that away from us . ''
The parents described feeling `` heartbroken and scared '' after the Justice Department dropped its case against the ban , telling Trump , `` You promised to be a president for all Americans . ''
Related : LGBTQ Groups Urge Trump Team to Keep Obama Transgender Policy
The Justice Department , in a filing to the 5th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , withdrew its challenge to the court ban just one day after Jeff Sessions was sworn in to head the agency as Attorney General .
The ban on Obama 's transgender student guidance was issued by the court last August after 13 U.S. states , led by Texas , filed a lawsuit .
U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor issued the temporary injunction , stating that Title IX `` is not ambiguous '' about sex being defined as `` the biological and anatomical differences between male and female students as determined at their birth . ''
A hearing in the case was set for this past Tuesday , but Friday 's Justice Department filing asked that it be canceled .
The letter from parents was organized by national LGBTQ advocacy group Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) and includes families from 45 U.S. states and the District of Columbia .
`` Just 48 hours after the confirmation of their anti-equality attorney general , Donald Trump 's administration directly attacked LGBTQ equality and took aim at the rights of transgender youth , '' HRC President Chad Griffin said in a press release .
`` This disgraceful action exposes transgender students to harassment and discrimination and emboldens bullies from classrooms to state legislatures , '' Griffin continued . `` These 781 courageous parents are asking that the federal government protect their children at school , something that all families deserve . ''
Equal access to bathrooms for transgender students could still be affected nationwide by the case of Gavin Grimm , a Virginia high school student . The Supreme Court will hear arguments in Grimm 's case on March 28 .
Follow NBC Out on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram .
CUMMINS UNIT , Ark . — The Unites States Supreme Court early Tuesday rejected the state of Arkansas ' request to execute the first prisoner in a tight schedule of eight death sentences before the end of the month .
The high court , in a brief ruling with no explanation , said it would not lift the Arkansas Supreme Court 's order Monday to stop the executions of two inmates who were to be put to death Monday night .
The ruling was just the latest in a series of legal hurdles that the state has faced since it announced in February its plans to execute eight men in a 10-day span in late April . But prosecutors surmounted a major roadblock earlier Monday when the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a district court judge 's ruling to stay all of the executions .
Inmates Bruce Ward and Don Davis , the first two men scheduled to die , had requested a delay last Wednesday , citing the need to wait for the conclusion of a U.S. Supreme Court case , McWilliams v. Dunn . Oral arguments for that case are n't expected until April 24 and will discuss what rights inmates are allowed for an independent expert to assess their health .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Arkansas execution spree on hold 11:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Both inmates ' lawyers claim that their clients are too mentally impaired to face capital punishment and were not offered a proper mental health screening , and the state 's highest court granted their stay late Monday afternoon .
Related : Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
`` The Arkansas Supreme Court recognized that executing either man , before the [ U.S. Supreme ] Court answers this question for Mr. McWilliams , would be profoundly arbitrary and unjust , '' said Arkansas Assistant Federal Defense Attorney Scott Braden , who is representing Ward .
The Arkansas Department of Corrections had , nevertheless , prepared for Davis ' execution Monday night while lawyers for the state asked the U.S. Supreme Court to allow the death sentences to be carried out . But the Supreme Court early Tuesday declined to intervene , leaving the state supreme court 's stay in effect and sparing Davis ' life for the time being .
The court issued its ruling at the very last minute — media witnesses were already seated to document Davis ' execution .
Related : Arkansas Executions : First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Davis , who was already moved to the Cummins Unit — where the lethal injection gurney is located — had even been supplied their last meal in anticipation of the execution .
`` Earlier this evening Don Davis did receive their last meal which consisted of fried chicken , rolls , great northern beans and mashed potatoes , fruit punch and strawberry cake for dessert , '' Graves said .
Davis ' leftover cake was made available to reporters .
Arkansas Gov . Asa Hutchinson said they were `` disappointed '' by the ruling . `` While this has been an exhausting day for all involved , tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims ' families , '' Hutchinson said .
There are five more executions scheduled before the end of April . None of them suffer from any legal roadblocks — due to the 8th Circuit dropping stays on all of the inmates and the Arkansas Supreme Court dropping a temporary restraining order on one of the execution drugs .
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
0:25 One dead , one injured in uptown shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
WASHINGTON — Kim Kardashian West met the West Wing Wednesday , as the reality television superstar huddled with President Donald Trump to discuss prison reform , sentencing issues and a possible pardon for Alice Marie Johnson .
Johnson , a grandmother now in their early sixties , is more than two decades into a life sentence for a first-time conviction based on their role in a drug-trafficking case .
In part of a larger prosecution of people involved with the Colombian drug cartel Cali , Johnson was convicted on a series of charges ranging from conspiracy to possess cocaine with intent to distribute it to money laundering .
Trump took to Twitter Wednesday evening to tout the high-profile confab on an issue — prison reform — that has brought together the political right and left in Washington and around the country .
Johnson gained Kardashian West 's attention after the news organization Mic published a jailhouse video in which they described how their life spiraled out of control following the development of a gambling problem : They lost their job , their marriage ended and their son died in a motorcycle accident .
`` I went into a complete panic and out of desperation , I made one of the worst decisions of my life to make some quick money , ” they told Mic .
Kim Kardashian , center , arrives at the security entrance of the White House in Washington on May 30 , 2018 . Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Whether or not they discussed Johnson 's case directly with Trump , Kardashian West 's trip to the Oval Office served as a signal of their commitment to obtaining a pardon given the very high-profile attention they have paid to the matter in recent months .
And Kardashian West is n't the only one asking the Trump administration for clemency for Johnson . The group Change.org has put together an online petition on their behalf , and they top the non-profit group Can-Do 's list of convicted women who deserve a reprieve .
Kardashian West 's White House visit was also slated to include time with the president 's son in law , Jared Kushner , whose own father served federal prison time for campaign finance violations , tax evasion and witness tampering . Kardashian West was at the White House for about an hour .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters earlier Wednesday that the meeting would happen but declined to detail what they expected from it , and Trump administration officials did not immediately respond to NBC 's request for comment on details of the reported conversation after Kardashian West and Kushner departed the White House separately .
But before their trip to the Oval Office , Kardashian West Tweeted a message to Johnson .
The levels of excitement in my house for the return of Poldark are seriously high . Naturally , I admire the sumptuous Cornish seascapes , the elevated drama , the cliffhanger plotlines and all-round entertainment offered by the series . But in truth it 's none of those admittedly equally enticing elements that have got my adrenal glands pumping .
Advertisement
Instead it 's the promise of an opening scene to rival many manifestations of Bond , from Sean Connery to Daniel Craig , that 's got my pulse racing – with a shot of a shirtless , sea-soaked Aidan Turner ( above ) , emerging from the white-capped waves of the Atlantic .
I know I 'm lucky to have the freedom to express myself in such a way . As a woman , I can own a comment like that without too much fear of censure . Indeed , there 's an undeniable sense of celebration among my girlfriends at the return of this sultry , tormented character , embodied by a delectable young thespian pleasing all viewing generations .
But we live in confusing times and I 'm the first to admit to double standards . If a male colleague had penned those preceding lines about any of Turner 's equally appealing female co-stars , their cries of contrition would be drowned out by Twitter 's Troll Chorus .
I fear we are losing not only our sense of humour but our sense of proportion as we throw every act of perceived sexism into the # MeToo basket . There 's an enormous difference between judging a person 's worth only on the basis of their physical assets and expressing admiration for a fellow human with God 's gift ( allegedly ) of good looks .
The human form has provoked desire and artistic celebration since we crawled from the primordial swamp and evolved far enough to stop , look and admire . Was Michelangelo sexist for carving out their vision of male perfection in solid rock ?
Admiring the physical attributes of the loveliest manifestations of the human form , and objectifying , commercialising and demeaning one sex for the pleasure of the other are two very different pursuits . Only one of them reduces us to a flesh-market .
I do n't much fancy a world where I ca n't give voice to my carnal impulses without provoking a storm in a teacup . As we crawl slowly toward equality I hope both sexes can confidently express desire without demeaning the object of our admiration . Admiring Aidan Turner should be an acceptable National Pastime , as a thumbs-up for the glories of humanity and another for their engaging performance .
Certainly , their looks were part of what earned them the gig and that makes perfect sense to me . A small , swarthy Ross Poldark with ruddy cheeks and a beer belly would be a disappointment , even if it were truer to life .
But were Turner 's entire career to be based solely on their ability to provide eye candy , their appointment dependent on whether they put out to the producer and their salary half that of their female co-stars because they were judged to be of lesser importance , I 'd call foul to the sexism in a heartbeat .
On a level playing field , small-scale human vices like harmless lasciviousness are unable to do us any damage .
By Mariella Frostrup – published in the 2-8 June 2018 issue of Radio Times magazine
Advertisement
Poldark returns Sunday 10th June at 9pm on BBC1
New and disturbing details have been released of the alleged abuse that led to the death of a 10-year-old boy in Lancaster.Prosecutors say Anthony Avalos suffered at least five days of sustained torture before their death on June 21 , according to new court papers.Prosecutors add Anthony 's mother , Heather Barron , and their boyfriend , Kareem Leiva are responsible for that torture.The torture included slamming the boy onto the bedroom floor , whipping them with a belt and cord , pouring hot sauce into their mouth and forbidding them to use the bathroom , according to the documents.Eight siblings witnessed and were forced to take part in some of the abuse , which according to the documents included making the other children fight Anthony and forcing the children keep watch `` so Anthony would remain standing or kneeling . `` Sheriff 's deputies were called to Anthony 's home a day before they died at a hospital . Their mother said the boy had fallen down stairs.Anthony also had reddened eyes and numerous bruises , cuts and scrapes on their forehead , nose , mouth , cheek , neck , legs , shoulder , hips , back , buttocks , stomach , ankle , legs and foot.Since 2013 , DCFS reported receiving at least a dozen referrals for possible physical , emotional and sexual abuse of the boy . No such reports had been made in the last two years . Authorities are reviewing the agency 's response to those reports.Authorities said Avalos ' sexuality may have been a motivating factor in their death.If convicted of the charges against her , Barron faces a possible maximum sentence of 22 years to life in state prison . Leiva faces 32 years to life if convicted .
The race for the U.S. Senate seat in Texas may be closer than some thought . A new Quinnipiac Poll shows the race between Ted Cruz , right , and Beto O'Rourke , left , is in a dead heat . O'Rourke - AP / Cruz - Star-Telegram archives
Career Opportunities in Department of Accounting Services
Interested Applicants please see Req . # 10126BR and # 10224BR at http : //www.texastech.edu/careers/staff-positions.php
Career Opportunities in Department of Accounting Services Posted :
4/17/2017
Originator :
Roxanne Derrick
Email :
roxanne.derrick @ ttu.edu
Department :
Accounting Services
Categories
Departmental
Student Employment/Career Opportunities
( AP Photo/Steven Senne , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton speaks to the media following an NFL football game against the Carolina Panthers , in Foxborough , Mass . Dannon , the maker of Oikos yogurt , i ...
( AP Photo/Mike McCarn , File ) . FILE - In this Sunday , Sept. 24 , 2017 file photo , Carolina Panthers ' Cam Newton ( 1 ) looks to pass against the New Orleans Saints in the first half of an NFL football game in Charlotte , N.C. A woman accused of stalking Pant ...
By STEVE REEDAP Sports Writer
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) - Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton 's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was `` something that was needed to be said . ''
`` I think it was well said and well put , '' Rivera said Friday . `` I think it was well said and well put . I just it something we can move forward .. and start again . It 's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward . ''
Newton made their remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess ' route running . The quarterback laughed and said , `` It 's funny to hear a female talk about routes . It 's funny . ''
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night , saying , `` What I did was extremely unacceptable '' and that they have `` really learned a valuable lesson from this . ''
They have n't directly apologized to Rodrigue .
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton 's comments at the news conference `` just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league . ''
Newton issued their apology more than 24 hours after making their remarks , during which time they lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him .
`` After careful thought , I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women , '' the Panthers quarterback said . `` To be honest , that was not my intentions . And if you are a person who took offense to what I said , I sincerely apologize to you . ''
In the video , Newton said he 's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use their platform to inspire others .
They also said they take ownership to everything that comes with that .
`` What I did was extremely unacceptable , '' Newton said . `` I 'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be . The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me . I have really learned a valuable lesson from this . ''
Newton also took time to address young people , cautioning them not to do as they did .
`` Do n't be like me , '' Newton said . `` Be better than me . To the reporters , to the journalists , to the moms , the super moms , the daughters , the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me . Thank you . ''
Dannon , who makes Oikos yogurt , cut ties with Newton as its spokesperson . However , the other companies who have endorsements deals with Newton such as Gatorade , Under Armour and Beats by Dre did not .
The Panthers ( 3-1 ) visit the Detroit Lions ( 3-1 ) on Sunday . Rivera said Carolina will be without safeties Kurt Coleman and Demetrious Cox and center Ryan Kalil . However , expects defensive ends Julius Peppers and Mario Addison and left tackle Matt Kalil to play .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Image copyright Getty Images
A decade ago , a wave of excitement swept over the renewables industry as the Scottish government announced a £10m prize for innovation in marine energy technology .
The Saltire Prize was billed as the world 's largest award of its kind .
Its aim was to accelerate the commercial development of wave and tidal energy technology .
But 10 years on , the deadline for the prize has come and gone - and no-one has collected .
That came as no surprise when the competition officially ended last summer .
As far back as late 2015 , the Scottish government acknowledged the `` likelihood that ... it can not be won '' , after firms taking part found they could not meet the criteria .
What were the criteria ?
The prize guidelines stated a team had to demonstrate :
in Scottish waters
a commercially viable wave or tidal stream energy technology
that achieves the greatest volume of electrical output
over the set minimum hurdle of 100 GWh
over a continuous two-year period
using only the power of the sea .
Meet the challenge
By 2013 , five companies were in the running for the big prize , overseen by an independent panel of experts sitting as the Saltire Prize challenge committee .
But as the competition progressed , it became increasingly clear that the entrants were struggling to meet the challenge .
In 2014 , one competitor - wave power firm Pelamis - went into administration .
It was followed a year later by another - Aquamarine Power - which also slid beneath the waves .
As one industry insider close to the competition put it : `` The wave technology was n't reliable enough - it had too many moving parts and was n't robust enough . ''
Image caption The company behind the Pelamis wave energy device slid into administration in 2014
Image caption Aquamarine Power , which developed the Oyster wave energy converter , collapsed in 2015
In response to questions by BBC Scotland this week , a Scottish government spokesperson said the marine energy industry had `` taken major steps forward '' since the Saltire Prize guidelines were developed in 2008 .
They added : `` But , despite a number of high profile successes in the sector , the path to commercialisation is taking longer and proving more difficult than initially anticipated not least due to a lack of dedicated , or ring-fenced , market support mechanisms for commercial-scale marine energy projects .
`` As a result , no competitor was able to meet the original prize deadline of June 2017 .
`` However , the ( Saltire Prize challenge ) committee is considering options for reshaping the prize to better reflect the circumstances of the wave and tidal sectors , so that this can continue to provide an incentive to drive innovation in Scotland . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
Saltire Prize timeline :
April 2008 - Former first minister Alex Salmond announces the award
March 2013 - Five companies are in the competition
November 2014 - Competitor Pelamis calls in administrators
October 2015 - Competitor Aquamarine Power calls in administrators
November 2015 - Scottish government says the Saltire Prize challenge committee , which oversees the award , is `` considering options for reshaping the prize ''
April 2016 - Revised prize options , drawn up by trade body Scottish Renewables , are shared with the committee
January 2017 - Committee members ask for `` up-to-date analysis '' of the marine energy industry to inform their deliberations
April 2017 - Consultants appointed to produce a report on the current state of the industry .
September 2017 - Scottish government says it expects to share the report with the committee in early September 2017
February 2018 - Scottish government says that report will be published `` shortly '' before being put to the committee for consideration
The idea of `` reshaping '' the prize came long before last year 's competition deadline .
In November 2015 , former Energy Minister Fergus Ewing told the Scottish Parliament that the prize challenge committee was considering options for reshaping the prize `` to better reflect the circumstances of the wave and tidal sectors '' .
In response to questions from Scottish Liberal Democrat energy spokesperson Liam McArthur , they said : `` It is absolutely right to review the prize in the likelihood that , because of the criteria set , it can not be won . ''
The review appears to have made little progress since then , with the challenge committee meeting only a handful of times - none of which was held in person .
Image caption Liam McArthur has raised the Saltire Prize with Scottish ministers on several occasions
In September 2017 , Energy Minister Paul Wheelhouse informed Mr McArthur that Scottish government officials had had `` three conference call meetings and a series of email exchanges '' with members of the committee since November 2015 .
They also revealed that revised prize options were shared with the committee in April 2016 , following an informal review carried out by trade body Scottish Renewables .
Mr Wheelhouse added : `` However , at the most recent meeting in January 2017 , committee members asked for an up-to-date analysis of the marine energy industry to inform their deliberations .
`` Following a competitive tender process , renewable energy consultants Aquatera and Caelulum Limited were appointed in April 2017 to produce a report on the current state of the industry .
`` We expect to have a final report to share with the committee in early September 2017 . ''
That report has still to see the light of day .
A Scottish government told BBC Scotland this week that it is due to be published `` shortly '' but stopped short of giving a specific date .
BBC Scotland tried to contact the members of the challenge committee last week to ask what progress was being made . Those who responded referred inquiries to the Scottish government .
However , veteran environmental campaigner Jonathon Porritt , who was listed on the Saltire Prize website as a member , responded by email to say that they `` actually came off the challenge committee some years ago '' .
Their name and photograph were removed from the website hours after BBC Scotland informed the Scottish government .
Eight members now `` remain active '' on the committee .
Image copyright Saltire Prize Image caption BEFORE : Earlier this week , Jonathan Porritt was listed on the Saltire Prize website as a member of the prize challenge committee
Image copyright Saltire Prize Image caption AFTER : Mr Porritt was removed from the website after BBC Scotland made inquiries with the Scottish government
The Saltire Prize website is still providing out-of-date information .
In the `` About Us '' section , it states that `` Fergus Ewing MSP , the Minister for Business , Energy and Tourism , has lead responsibility for the Saltire Prize '' . They left the role in May 2016 . The current energy minister is Paul Wheelhouse .
Meanwhile , BBC Scotland has learned that other projects related to the prize have also been halted .
Skills Development Scotland confirmed that the Junior Saltire Prize , which it sponsored , was `` put on hold '' last year .
That prize was set up in 2011 to raise awareness among primary and secondary school pupils of the potential of marine renewables .
The Scottish government responded by saying that the junior prize was `` being considered as part of the review of the main Saltire Prize '' .
It gave the same response to questions about the Saltire Prize Medal - created to recognise `` outstanding contributions '' to the development of marine renewable energy - which has also been put on hold .
'Dead in the water '
Mr McArthur told BBC Scotland : `` I recognise the initial value of this initiative as a statement of intent and still firmly believe that Scotland can and must lead the way when it comes to marine renewables .
`` However , everyone in the industry has known for some time that the prize is dead in the water .
`` After years of ducking and diving , SNP ministers must now come clean .
`` They need to explain how they plan to invest the funding in ways that will actually make a difference in enabling Scotland to realise its potential in this area . ''
A video clip posted on Facebook by Vice President , Yemi Osinbajo , shows past Nigerian leaders and the current Vice President singing hymn for a greater , united and peaceful Nigeria in the year 2017 .
In video : Former Head of State , Gen. Yakubu Gowon ; Former President Olusegun Obasanjo ; Former Chairman of Nigeria Interim Government , Ernest Shonekan , Former Vice President Alex Ekwueme ; Former Chief of Staff , Real Admiral , Ebitu Ukiwe , General Oladipo Diya and the current Vice President , Yemi Osinbajo
Watch the video below :
The Daily Stormer , a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the `` Unite the Right '' rally in Charlottesville , Va. , will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy , after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories .
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down , with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous . That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours . But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group does n't seem to be involved .
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer , 32 , an anti-white nationalist protester . Police say James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people .
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia , prompting calls for GoDaddy , which hosts the site , to be taken down .
Posting a link to the offending story , women 's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter , `` @ GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site . Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned . ''
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message , and the web service replied late Sunday night , `` We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider , as they have violated our terms of service . ''
In the story on the Daily Stormer , the purported hackers say they 'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy . But in a break with notable hacking takeovers , the story does n't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site ; instead , it 's published alongside other pieces , including the one about Heyer .
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin , who also writes much of its most high-profile content ; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising .
The alleged hackers ' message included the hashtag # TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site 's views to celebrate its seeming demise . News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover , which had included the explanation , `` this evil can not be allowed to stand . ''
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states , `` We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous ' is involved yet . Looks more like a DS stunt . Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host . ''
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states , `` We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS ' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing . ''
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing , noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be `` sending our allies in Lagos to pay them a visit in person . ''
`` LOL , this meme just wo n't end , '' one person wrote about the Lagos reference .
Earlier this year , Anglin 's website was linked to an office in Worthington , Ohio , the Columbus suburb where they went to high school . As Columbus Alive reported , `` Anglin 's current whereabouts remain unknown . ''
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over .
`` Anglin you are a legend , '' one person wrote .
NEW YORK — The Latest on Time 's Up calling for a probe into the Manhattan District Attorney 's office ( all times local ) :
3:30 p.m .
The Manhattan District Attorney 's office says a criminal investigation into Harvey Weinstein is active and ongoing and a commitment to justice in sexual abuse cases is “ unwavering . ”
The comments by spokesperson Danny Frost Monday came as the Time 's Up initiative called for the governor to investigate the district attorney 's office for refusing to prosecute the disgraced media mogul in 2015 . Police have said the case should 've been prosecuted ; the district attorney 's office disagreed .
Frost says the sex crimes unit is a national leader in the investigating and prosecution of sex crimes . Police and prosecutors may disagree sometimes , but never at the expense of justice .
Time 's Up was started by women in Hollywood . The statement from the group came after New York magazine published an article about the 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
——
1:30 p.m .
An initiative started by Hollywood industry women is calling for New York 's governor to investigate the Manhattan district attorney 's office over a decision in 2015 not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein .
Time 's Up says a report in New York magazine is disturbing because it suggests the district attorney 's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping them
They secretly recorded them in a police sting . The district attorney 's office decided there was n't enough evidence to prosecute .
Time 's Up says an investigation is necessary to protect the integrity of the office .
Neither the district attorney 's office nor the governor 's office immediately commented .
Weinstein 's attorneys have said they deny any non-consensual contact .
Autumn , the Greenville , S.C. , Zoo 's 12-year-old Masai giraffe , gave birth at 11:52 a.m. Wednesday . The zoo invites the public to submit names for the calf through noon Thursday . Greenville Zoo
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Riverside communities are at risk of flooding after a string of emergencies at the hydroelectric project
`` I was in Puerto Valdivia when the first alarm sounded . It was very chaotic . No-one knew whether to run for the hills or along the road , whether to grab the children or grab the elderly . Everyone was going crazy , '' says Teresa Jaramillo recalling the moment on 12 May when flash flooding hit their small riverside community .
Puerto Valdivia is just one of the communities affected by a series of emergencies which have hit Colombia 's largest hydroelectric dam project , Hidroituango .
Tens of thousands of people living downstream from the dam have been evacuated and the emergencies just keep coming .
Rising water
The Hidroituango dam over the river Cauca , about 175km ( 110 miles ) north of the city of Medellín , was just months from completion when on 28 April a landslide near the site blocked a tunnel built to divert the river 's flow while construction was going on .
As the project was almost finished , two other tunnels built for the same purpose had already been sealed by the company building the dam , Empresas Públicas de Medellín ( EPM ) . This meant that the tunnel blocked by the landslide was the only remaining outlet .
Image copyright Nicolas Bedoya Image caption The project was due to be finished by the end of the year
Image copyright Nicolas Bedoya Image caption Supporters of the dam say it will eventually account for 17 % of Colombia 's power capacity
Further landslides followed and with water levels rising and all outlets now blocked , EPM decided to flood the dam 's turbine rooms on 10 May to release the river 's increasing pressure on the structure .
While the move caused irreparable damage to transformers and other systems which had already been installed in the turbine room , it did reduce water levels .
But only two days later , one of the sealed tunnels naturally unblocked , causing water to gush through it and creating flash floods further downstream .
Cut off
Puerto Valdivia lay in the path of the flash foods . Fifty-nine homes , a school and a health centre were destroyed and more than 600 people were displaced .
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Dozens of homes were destroyed in the flash floods on 12 May
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Almost 25,000 people have been displaced and many had to seek shelter in gymnasiums
León Taborda is one of them . `` The Cauca river took my house . What do I do ? '' they ask .
`` My wife does n't want to return to Puerto Valdivia anymore , even if we could . The peace of mind I had there , I wo n't ever be able to regain it , not living there or anywhere else . ''
And Hidroituango 's troubles seem far from over .
Experts have warned that there is a renewed risk of landslides from nearby mountainsides which could block the water-intake tunnels for the turbine room , as well as the spillway , potentially compromising the integrity of the entire hydroelectric project .
Image copyright Nicolas Bedoya Image caption The risk of landslides from the steep mountainsides remains
Almost 24,000 people living downstream of the dam have already been evacuated due to this risk . Another 380 people living upstream have been displaced by the premature filling of the dam 's reservoir .
And the residents of Ituango , the town nearest the dam , have been left cut off after the only bridge connecting it to the rest of the country was submerged by the rising waters on 4 May .
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Some bridges were submerged while others were destroyed by the force of the water
Lack of food
Community leader Teresa Jaramillo says the situation is particularly critical in rural communities which have been isolated for three weeks now .
Even the areas not directly at risk of landslides or flooding have begun to feel the effects of the mass evacuation of the riverside communities and the lack of trade .
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption With many communities cut off , , locals are worried about a lack of supplies
`` We only produce plantain and yucca . Everything else is beginning to run out , all other goods , '' rural leaders say .
Many have so far ignored calls for them to evacuate their land but they say the lack of food is becoming an issue .
`` If we have to go to the camps , well , we will have to , but Valdivia is also collapsing with so many people , '' one man said .
Continuing risk
At a recent news conference , EPM 's CEO Jorge Londoño said that communities near the dam would continue to be at risk until the company had figured out a permanent solution .
They suggested that in order to fix the problem , EPM would have to construct a new tunnel to reduce the levels of the flooded river in a controlled fashion , a process likely to take several months .
Environmental activists , who have long opposed the hydroelectric project because of what they say are the inherent dangers in damming Colombia 's second-largest river , complain about a lack of oversight .
`` How can it be that the same company that is causing so much damage is the one pretending to provide the solutions ? '' asks Isabel Zuleta , leader of local environmental organisation Ríos Vivos .
`` What does that tell us ? That in Colombia there is no one that controls the big corporations , '' they say .
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Isabel Zuleta has long been opposed to the hydroelectric power project
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption They say residents no longer trust EPM to fix the problems
With the entire workforce evacuated from the site again on Tuesday because of new warnings of landslides , many people living both up- and downstream from the megaproject are in a state of fear .
Ms Zuleta says trust has been eroded . `` They said there was no problem , that there was no danger , that everything was under control . ''
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption After the flash flooding of 12 May , people living in riverside communities fear for their future
They say that people do not want quick fixes but a river which is allowed to flow freely .
But with the project far advanced - it was due to be completed by the end of the year - and its backers maintaining that it will account for about 17 % of Colombia 's power capacity , that is unlikely to happen .
All photos by Nicolas Bedoya and Pablo Cuellar from Colombia-based Vela Colectivo .
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away Pause
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on their term as North Carolina 's governor
LG just revealed the latest flagship to bear the V-name , and on paper , it looks to be an incredibly iterative improvement over last year 's phone ( or this spring 's phone ) . Available Friday , June 8th , the new V35 ThinQ packs the latest Snapdragon 845 into a body that is otherwise functionally identical to the previous V30S ThinQ , down to the same camera , battery , and display . And AT & T would like you to spend $ 900 to get one .
The phone was previously revealed by the Wireless Power Consortium , where it was pegged to be the `` different , exclusive '' phone AT & T snagged from LG instead of the G7 ThinQ .
Specs Display 6-inch 18:9 Quad HD+ OLED ( 2880 x 1440 / 538ppi ) SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor Rear Cameras 16MP Super Wide Angle ( F1.9 / 107° ) and 16MP Standard Angle ( F1.6 / 71° ) Front Cameras 8MP Wide Angle ( F1.9 / 80° ) Storage 64GB + a microSD card slot RAM 6GB Battery 3,300mAh non-removable Software Android 8.0 Oreo Misc AI CAM / Super Bright Camera / Super Far Field Voice Recognition / Google Lens / AI Haptic / Hi-Fi Quad DAC / DTS : X 3D Surround Sound / IP68 Water and Dust Resistance / HDR10 / Face Recognition / Fingerprint Sensor / Qualcomm Quick Charge™ 3.0 Technology / Wireless Charging / MIL-STD 810G Compliant
If you 've seen the V30 or the obnoxiously-named V30S ThinQ , then the new V35 ThinQ should be immediately recognizable . In fact , apart from the updated SoC and reduced storage , I do n't believe there are any significant differences between this spring 's handset and the V35 ThinQ .
Among those smaller SoC-based changes are the inclusion of Band 14 support—a 20MHz chunk of the 700MHz block set aside for FirstNet , an AT & T-based public safety network meant for use by law enforcement , fire services , EMTs , and other first responders .
Other more minor features carried over from previous phones in the series include the `` AI CAM '' from the V30S ThinQ , Google Lens support , AI Haptics , LG 's Hi-Fi Quad DAC , an IP68 rating , plus wireless charging and Qualcomm 's Quick Charge 3.0 tech . To repeat myself , LG is repeating itself . Again .
Outright direct pricing for the phone has n't been revealed , but AT & T wants $ 30 a month for 30 months via AT & T Next ( with eligible service ) , totaling a slightly ridiculous $ 900 before any applicable taxes and fees . Other carrier availabilities have n't been disclosed . 9to5Google is also reporting that the phone will be available on Project Fi , though dates and pricing are undisclosed .
Wednesday 's Amazon Gold Box Deals feature a Bluetooth portable speaker , a set of wireless home audio headphones , and a Bluetooth keyboard . Score savings up to $ 109 and discounts as deep as 75 percent . Read on to browse today 's best Amazon tech deals .
Doss MagicBox Wireless Portable Bluetooth Speaker Enjoy atmospheric lighting with your music when you buy this Doss MagicBox Wireless Portable Bluetooth Speaker , which is currently 75 percent off on Amazon . The portable speaker features unique LED lighting that 's perfect for outdoor use . The speaker is small in size but big in sound quality . It boasts a wide volume range and produces clear , powerful audio despite its small size . The speaker supports up to eight hours of playtime at a volume of 50 percent , thanks toits built-in 1500mAh lithium battery . The colors of the LED lights change with the music 's rhythm , creating a harmonious atmosphere . The Bluetooth speaker has a connection range of up to 10 meters and also supports TF card play and line in play , so you can stream music from computers and other devices . The Doss MagicBox Wireless Portable Bluetooth Speaker normally retails for $ 60 but is on sale for $ 15 on Amazon , providing a $ 45 ( 75 percent ) discount . Buy it now from : Amazon
AudioMX Over-Ear Wireless TV Headphones Immerse yourself in your favorite music and movies without disturbing others with a set of AudioMX Over-Ear Wireless TV Headphones , which are currently over $ 100 off on Amazon . The headphones allow for noise isolation and volume control , which let you create an home theater experience that 's tailored just for you . The headphones have a closed-back , over-ear design that effectively isolates you from ambient noise while reducing possible sound leakage . It has a retractable headband that is designed to fit various head sizes and ultrasoft ear cushions that allow them to be worn for extended periods of time without discomfort . TPE/ABS composite materials make the headphones lightweight and elastic , while a soft matte finish keeps them free of fingerprints . The headphones are easily charged by simply placing them on a transmitter . A handy light indicator lets you know when they are fully charged . They boast up to a 100-foot transmission range , and the innovative digital 2.4 GHz technology ensures that signal transmission remains clear and accurate . The AudioMX Over-Ear Wireless TV Headphones regularly retail for $ 175 but are currently discounted to $ 66 on Amazon , saving you $ 109 ( 62 percent ) . Buy it now from : Amazon
Rush Limbaugh on Flynn Resignation : ‘ The Question Is What Did Obama Know and When Did They Know It ? '
Rush Limbaugh is approaching the situation with Flynn in an entirely different way . It is interesting to recognize the inconsistencies between the presidencies of Barack Obama and Donald Trump . Where the Media endorsed and adored the Obama administration , they have become a “ full-fledged resistance to Trump. ” At least that is what Rush Limbaugh had to say . And for most Americans , it is easy to see exactly where Limbaugh is coming from .
In part of the transcript from their show they stated the following .
They have become the full-fledged resistance to Trump and they have decided that that 's going to be their modus operandi for the next four years . They 're not gon na do news . They have now mobilized and made it official , they 're even talking about it , some of them are , on cable networks that — I mean , they disguise the words they use , but the impact is clear that they are going to do everything they can to get Trump out of Washington and out of the White House and out of office . So what we have here , we have a political assassination that 's taken place here , a political assassination , Mike Flynn , who , do you know they worked for Obama four different times ? You did n't know that ? Let me find the details . In September 2011 , Mike Flynn was promoted to lieutenant general assigned to the office of the Director of National Intelligence by Barack Obama . On April 17th , 2012 , President Barack Obama nominated Michael Flynn to be the 18th director of the Defense Intelligence Agency . The defense department has its own intel operation and they ran it , as opposed to the Central Intelligence Agency . It 's called the DIA , and it 's big , and it 's relevant , and it 's important , and it does great work , and Flynn ran it after having been promoted to lead it by Obama in 2012 . They took command of the DIA in July of 2012 . They are a member of the Democrat Party , according to Wikipedia . Michael Flynn is a member of the Democrat Party . Aside from all of this , they have a reputation as a great man . He 's also a hawk . And that 's something the left just ca n't abide . Hawks like Michael Flynn , they may as well be Dr. Strangelove . They want to run around , they want to start nuclear war , they want to destroy the planet , they 're deranged , they 're unhinged , they love blood and guts , and they love the sound of gunfire and napalm in the morning , and they just love it , and this is totally unacceptable .
It sounds like people are not going to keep quiet about the situation with Flynn . If they seemed suspicious or guilty , the situation around their resignation seems just as suspicious . Something just does n't sit correctly . But will we ever get the full story ?
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A flood of lawsuits over LGBT rights is making its way through courts and will continue , no matter the outcome in the Supreme Court 's highly anticipated decision in the case of a Colorado baker who would not create a wedding cake for a same-sex couple .
People pay tribute at a memorial along Yonge Street , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Toronto , the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks , striking and killing numerous pedestrians in their path . The Canadian Press via AP Nathan Denette
Peer observation of teaching is often associated with evaluation for tenure and promotion or punitive measures , and most of the time only happens within the confines of one 's own discipline . But peer observation can also be a rewarding , educational , and affirming opportunity to build community with other teachers ! Join us for a panel discussion with participants from the TeMPO ( Teaching Mentoring through Peer Observation ) Program to learn about all the great things that happened when our panelists opened the doors of their classrooms to peers from other disciplines , and find out how you can join in on the experience .
Register at : events.tlpd.ttu.edu Posted :
4/17/2017
Originator :
Esther Saldivar
Email :
esther.saldivar @ ttu.edu
Department :
Teaching Learning and Prof Dev Ctr
Event Information
Time : 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM
Event Date : 4/28/2017
Location :
TLPDC Room 153
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Academic
Departmental
Teaching , Learning & Professional Development Center
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
The queen of pop is expanding their influence in the fashion world . Britney Spears signed a contract with Epic Rights to deliver several collections of clothing , accessories , electronics , workout gear , hair care and much more . Epic Rights is a leading retail label , that sells merchandise and represents a number of world-known artists . In the future , they will also be handling Britney 's e-commerce business . You would be able to buy their lifestyle merchandise on Amazon.com .
“ We see this new lifestyle collection as Britney 's next step in connecting with their legions of loyal fans around the globe . Sharing their style and fashion sense through products they have developed is a testament to their authenticity as well as their commitment to and appreciation of the fans that have made it all possible. ” - said their manager Larry Rudolph . “ Britney continues to be one of the biggest pop stars in the world with numerous multi-platinum records and awards over the past 20 years . As a passionate artist , successful business person and devoted mother , them strive for excellence is unparalleled , ” -added Dell Furano , CEO of Epic Rights .
Launching a namesake lifestyle brand is becoming a trend in Hollywood . Celebrities such as Oprah and Gwyneth Paltrow are proud owners of multi-million labels that are growing every single day . The pop icon is joining the ranks of these stars and we do n't have a single doubt that their namesake merchandise will be as successful . In 2013 , Spears started a 4-year long residency at The AXIS at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Vegas . The “ Britney : Piece of Me ” shows sold over 1 million tickets with earnings of around $ 140 million . Starting from June 12 , the singer is going on tour through the USA and Europe .
Spears is officially back in the game . They recently launched a campaign with the trending fashion house Kenzo , their first one as their ambassador . Now , she 's getting into the merchandise world , with collections that are already in the making . This is not the singer 's first experience in branded merchandise . They are the owner of one of the best-selling fragrances ever . Britney 's collab with Elizabeth Arden on a line of perfumes reached worldwide success . It is available in over 85 countries .
Britney and Epic Rights still have n't announced an official release date , but the lifestyle merch is expected to drop in spring 2019 . This might be a whole year away , but their fans already psyched to see what the queen of pop will deliver .
Photo Credit : @ britneyspears/Instagram
Image copyright Met Police
A man who stabbed their victim 11 times in an `` unprovoked and vicious '' street attack has been found guilty of murder .
Alando Bolt , 45 , left Andrew Thompson , 30 , to die after attacking them in Brixton , south London , on 18 August 2017 .
Mr Thompson was unarmed and defenceless , police said .
Bolt said they knifed their victim in self-defence because they thought they were going to be attacked - a claim rejected by the Old Bailey jury .
The pair met on Atlantic Road and were seen talking before Bolt launched at Mr Thompson with a blade at about 12:50 BST .
Mr Thompson , from Kennington , south London , suffered various injuries including a fatal wound which pierced their heart .
They were pronounced dead the same afternoon .
Image copyright Google Image caption Andrew Thompson from Kennington , south London , was attacked in Atlantic Road in Brixton
The jury also found Bolt , from nearby Stockwell , guilty of possession of an offensive weapon , according to the Met Police .
Det Insp Garry Moncrieff said the `` unprovoked , vicious and protracted assault '' would `` haunt '' those who saw it , and that they were glad the jury had `` seen through Bolt 's spurious claim of self-defence . ''
They will be sentenced on 12 March .
Sweetberry Bowls , `` America 's original build-your-own-bowl experience '' , has opened at 10041 University Plaza Drive in the Fort Myers Gulf Coast Town Center .
Fort Myers , FL ( PRUnderground ) December 11th , 2017
Sweetberry Bowls , which bills itself as America 's original build-your-own-bowl experience , has opened at 10041 University Plaza Drive in the Gulf Coast Town Center in Fort Myers . The store offers customizable bowls with base blends of acai or pitaya for customers to build upon , and is the first bowl store in the area to also feature green ( kale/spinach ) or coconut base blends .
“ We 're thrilled to introduce the first and only build-your-own-bowl experience to Fort Myers , ” says Desi Saran , Founder and CEO of Sweetberry Bowls . “ Our delicious combinations are healthy , satisfying , and perfect for breakfast , lunch , or dinner , and we look forward to sharing them with our new friends in Fort Myers and vicinity . ”
Included in each bowl combination are toppings of granola ( sweet or gluten free ) , three fruits ( strawberry , banana , kiwi , blueberry , mango , pineapple ) , and one drizzle ( honey , agave , peanut butter , Nutella , or almond butter ) . Additional toppings ( extra granola , cacao nibs , bee pollen , chia seeds , goji berries , coconut flakes ) are also available . Along with their bowl combinations , the store also offers a variety of oatmeal and smoothie blends . Almost all of the ingredients that Sweetberry Bowls uses in its menu items are gluten-free , vegan , and non-GMO .
“ For our guests who love the Sweetberry Bowls experience , we have a Rewards Program that will definitely put smiles on their faces , ” says Kyle Kissane , Partner at Sweetberry Bowls . “ Everyone who registers will immediately receive two dollars off of an order , and loyalty benefits include a free bowl as well as a free Sweetberry Bowls t-shirt . ”
Sweetberry Bowls is located at 10041 University Plaza Drive in Fort Myers ' Gulf Coast Town Center . Hours are 8:00AM to 8:00PM , and the store is open daily . For more information , contact Sweetberry Bowls at ( 239 ) 208-3582 .
About Sweetberry Bowls
At Sweetberry Bowls , America 's original and sweetest build-your-own-bowl experience , every bowl combination is handcrafted and built to your personal preferences . Whether you love sweet pitaya , the bold flavor of acai , greens , or coconut , you can customize any of our healthy ingredients to your exact liking . Mix and match our wholesome bases , crunchy granola , fresh fruits , delectable drizzles , and extra toppings . The possibilities are endless !
Sweetberry Bowls stores are currently open in Montclair , NJ and Fort Myers , FL with many more delicious locations coming soon…
Phil Kessel trolls Toronto with hot dog Stanley Cup photo
Phil Kessel is still hung up on the hot dog story .
When Kessel was traded from Toronto , where they were viewed as a disappointment , to Pittsburgh two years ago , a Toronto newspaper article buried them on their way out the door . The article declared that the Maple Leafs were sick and tired of Kessel , and it even included a detail about the winger supposedly eating hot dogs daily .
Fast forward two years and Kessel has helped the Pens win back-to-back Stanley Cups , proving to critics that they are a winner . They wanted to emphasize that point and rub it in by creating a photo with the Stanley Cup and some hot dogs :
Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup ! # twotime # statestreetbrats A post shared by Phil Kessel ( @ phil_kessel_81_ ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 2:07pm PDT
A post shared by Phil Kessel ( @ phil_kessel_81_ ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 2:08pm PDT
“ Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup ! # twotime # statestreetbrats ” was the caption .
Clearly Kessel is not letting go of the hot dog story . And if that story is what 's motivating them to play well and train hard , then all the more power to him . We sure know the fans love the photo .
Defense Secretary James Mattis defended their commander in Afghanistan just days after NBC News revealed that President Donald Trump suggested the four-star general be fired during a meeting with their national security team last month .
Speaking to reporters at the Pentagon on Monday , Mattis said that allies around the world have confidence in Gen. John Nicholson , but they would not say if Trump also does .
Gen. John Nicholson Massoud Hossaini / AP file
Asked whether they support Nicholson staying on the job , Mattis said , `` Of course . '' But questioned about whether the president shares that view , Mattis said , `` Ask the president . ''
`` I will tell you right now they are our commander in the field , '' Mattis said of Nicholson . `` He has the confidence of NATO , they have the confidence of Afghanistan , they have the confidence of the United States and the president again is looking at all aspects of our effort over there as they must for their responsibilities as a commander in chief . ''
At a July 19 meeting in the White House Situation Room , Trump repeatedly suggested that Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford should replace Nicholson because they are not winning the war , senior administration officials told NBC News earlier this month .
Trump left the nearly two-hour meeting without making a decision on U.S. strategy in Afghanistan .
On Monday , Mattis said the long-awaited review of the strategy is nearly finished . `` I believe we are close , '' they said . `` We are very , very close . '' But they said a decision on whether to deploy more American troops has not been finalized .
All options remain on the table for the future of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , including a complete withdrawal and using more private security contractors , they added .
KARAOKE stalwarts in Limerick will be delighted to hear that a mega clubroom for the game is being proposed for the city centre .
A Zhiyuan Yu has lodged a planning application with Limerick City and County Council to transform an historic red brick building on John Street into a take-away and karaoke club .
The applicant wants to transform the ground floor Johnsgate House into a take-away ; the first floor to a store and karaoke clubroom ; and the second floor to karaoke clubrooms .
Johnsgate House , constructed in 1880 , is a protected structure . The building was mainly used for a doctor 's surgery previously .
The council is expected to make a decision on the proposals by July 16 .
Social organizations are demanding state accountability for the massacre .
Several social and campesino organizations have called for protests after at least eight people were killed during what campesinos say was an attack by state police forces on coca growers in the department of Tumaco , located in southwest Colombia .
In a press conference , Patriotic March , one of the organizers of the protest , said eight people were killed and 52 injured and called for national mourning in what it characterized as a massacre , demanding “ a verification mission to uncover the truth about what happened . ”
A sit-in in front of the presidential palace to demand accountability will also include Voices of Peace , an organization monitoring the implementation of the peace accords .
Peasant associations representing those who witnessed the events say state police forces were responsible for the deaths . Prensa Rural said at least 9 people were killed , while other accounts list up to 16 people killed .
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in a televised press conference did not address the claims by campesino witnesses but instead said that criminal gangs involved in drug trafficking did n't want the area to leave behind coca production . They also noted that it was a FARC territory , without explicitly blaming the group that has now transitioned to civilian life .
“ We deeply regret what happened , we emphatically condemn these events , ” Santos said . “ I express my condolences to the families of the citizens who died . ”
They said it was wrong that civilians were murdered , adding that an investigation was underway to “ fully understand ” what happened . Santos stated that there were six people dead and 19 injured .
In a communique , Voices of Peace urged the government to implement the integral agrarian reform that would distribute land more equitably . It said that the killings were not an isolated case , but are rather “ due to the escalation of the confrontation between authorities , in particular , public police forces , with the people in the most marginalized areas of the country where families have had to resort historically to the cultivation of illicit crops to guarantee their vital minimums for survival . ”
Organizaciones sociales de Tumaco desmienten a medios de “ comunicación ” , afirman que Policía y FF.MM dispararon a comunidad movilizada . pic.twitter.com/9fs7vr5AyK — Rodrigo Londoño ( @ TimoFARC ) October 6 , 2017
A statement from local community action groups , posted by Rodrigo Londoño , the leader of FARC : “ Social organizations of Tumaco reject the media claims , and say that police fired on the mobilized community members . ”
Gobierno arremete contra campesinos en Tumaco y se lava las manos # SolidaridadCampesinosTumaco @ NoticiasRCN y @ NoticiasCaracol informen bien pic.twitter.com/mkHLFVPFPn — ETCR Ariel Aldana ( @ ETCRArielAldana ) October 6 , 2017
However , police have insisted on blaming the clash that over 50 injured on dissident FARC rebels rejecting the peace process in the department of Nariño , one of the hardest hit areas by state and drug trafficking violence .
Some of the victims suffered “ headshots and several minors , ” the attorney general office said .
In a statement issued by the Ministry of Defense , authorities said the men , “ threw at least five-cylinder bombs at members of the security forces and at the crowd , and then attacked with indiscriminate fire from rifles and machine guns at demonstrators . ”
There is no evidence of any planned explosion using five-cylinder bombs and the Association of Community Action Boards , Asominuma issued a statement rebuking the state 's version of events .
“ Peasant communities settled in the Alto Mira and Frontera area of the Llorente Corregimiento , Municipality of Tumaco , who have witnessed the last events in which 9 peasants were killed and 18 were injured , shows us the true reality of the unmeasured force against the defenseless peasants who were peacefully demonstrating , ” the statement read .
“ After several days of resistance on the part of peasant communities , ” in an attempt to repress the revolting campesinos , the state used force and fired shots at the civilians , the statement continued .
The Asominuma statement also said that “ the army and the police in an attempt to justify its excessive and irrational action , ” was “ a clear violation of human rights . ”
The Community Council said that as a governing body , they feel threatened and would like to claim “ our determined position in defense of life , autonomy and free development of our peoples . ”
They also said to the Colombian government that “ the presence of the state can not only be seen from the militarization of the territories , ” but that there is an inter-institutional participation to guarantee the proper development and the good life of the communities .
On the other hand , the Alto Negro and Frontera Negro Community Council demanded that the Colombian government ensure the protection of the leaders of each community that integrates the organization .
Colombia 's coca production increased 52 percent in 2016 , according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime . That is , it went from 96,000 to 146,000 hectares , the figure reflecting the production nearly 15 years ago . The increased production was spread through the territories such as Putumayo , Norte de Santander and Nariño .
Authorities say that more than 115,000 families in 13 departments are willing to avail themselves of plans to voluntarily replace about 90,000 hectares of coca . At present , 21,902 families have been involved in this process .
But this program has not succeeded in curbing organized crime , as the groups in the region continue to fight over the crop .
ELN , FARC and social organizations demand clarification of facts in Tumaco massacre
Social organizations , the National Liberation Army ( ELN ) and the Fuerza Alternativa Revolucionaria del Común ( FARC ) , demanded Friday that the Colombian justice system clarify the facts raised in the massacre against the peasant population of Tumaco , Colombia .
So far , the unfortunate incident that occurred on Thursday , left at least nine people dead and 18 others injured during an alleged clash between the Colombian Army and the National Police against coca growers who were active in the town located southwest from Colombia .
In this regard , Farc president Rodrigo Londoño expressed their position through the social network Twitter and demanded that a verification mission be immediately sent to Tumaco “ to identify with truthfulness those responsible for the massacre of campesinos . ”
They added that the Colombian media distorted information about the facts and sought to hide the truth .
“ The truth : Peasants in Tumaco are resisting the forced eradication of crops of lawful use . The forced eradication accompanied by the bullet are foolish and criminal measures , “ added Londoño .
Pablo Catatumbo , a member of the FARC 's National Political Council , repudiated the massacre and blamed public forces for what had happened , while demanding that the Colombian government investigate the event in detail , to clarify the facts and to find those responsible for the “ heinous crime and guarantees of justice , reparation and non-repetition ” .
In turn , the ELN , which is currently in peace talks with the Colombian government and has maintained a ceasefire since October 1 , expressed through its social networks on Twitter its condemnation of the massacre and demanded intervention with urgency of the United Nations Verification Mission in Colombia , as well as international support for the seriousness of the events .
Likewise , the Political Voices Group of Peace – committed to the implementation of the Peace Accords in the neogranadina nation – issued a communiqué in which it urged the Government to “ make the promise of Peace in the country 's fields a reality . ”
Since September 28 , thousands of Colombians have been in peaceful protest in Tumaco , demanding an end to the campaign against the peasants through murder and forced evictions from the lands they work , as well as the fulfillment of the Peace Agreements between the government and the FARC .
Movie Synopsis :
This darkly comic crime mystery set in small-town Estonia centers on Elsa , the mother and full time caretaker of Lauri , a teacher who has been in a coma since being shot under shadowy circumstances . Attentive in their duties but at the end of their tether , Elsa receives Lauri 's visitors-friends , students , their girlfriend , their boss , and others-who come to update the unconscious Lauri on their lives and unburden themselves of their troubles . But as the police inquiry into the crime progresses , some of their closest ties are called into question . Director Kadri Kõusaar cunningly navigates a script that slowly pieces together the truth behind Lauri 's shooting through their visitors ' confessionals to the comatose protagonist , cleverly building a web of motives among the tight-knit community . Bathed in the pastel tones of post-Soviet life , Mother is a smartly-crafted whodunit set in a small town where just about everyone is dreaming of something bigger and some are willing to do whatever it takes to .
Tracey Ramsey , a member of the New Democratic Party in Parliament , posed a question during the committee meeting that many Canadians wondered about . “ How confident can you be that the Americans will even include the words ‘ climate change ' when they pulled out of what happened in Paris ? ” they asked . “ They have a president who claims that climate change is a Chinese hoax . ”
With much of the Canadian economy entwined in Nafta , Mr. Trudeau has admitted this government has no Plan B for its demise . Instead , they assembled a war room to ensure its survival .
“ We 've explained to our southern friends , at every opportunity , that Canada is the largest export market for two thirds of U.S. states , and America 's biggest overall customer — by far , ” Ms. Freeland said on Monday . “ Indeed , Canada buys more from the U.S. than China , the U.K. and Japan combined . ”
Through Ms. Freeland 's speech , the Trudeau government again made clear that it sees itself as among the emerging champions of progressive ideals in the world .
“ There are too many communities in our prosperous nation where people do not feel prosperous , where they instead feel left behind by an economy that is increasingly divided between the wealthy 1 percent at the very top , and everyone else , ” Ms. Freeland said .
“ If we do n't act now , ” they added , “ Canadians may lose faith in the open society , in immigration and in free trade — just as many have across the Western industrialized world . ”
And in what was perhaps a reference to Mr. Trump , who has accused Mexicans of stealing American jobs and being rapists , they said the first essential thing for the country to do is “ avoid scapegoating the “ other . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Canada recently added its first gender chapter in its 20-year-old free-trade deal with Chile , which called for both countries to apply a gender lens to trade . As for the “ indigenous chapter , ” Ms. Freeland told reporters it was a “ fresh area ” that came at the suggestion of Perry Bellegarde , who represents most of the country 's indigenous people .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Trade agreements usually include prohibitions more than encouragements , and without binding repercussions , those can seem weak . But even weak acknowledgments can establish expectations for future deals , said Laura Dawson , director of the Canada Institute in Washington .
“ It may be an opportunity for creative rule making , ” said Ms. Dawson , a former senior adviser on economic affairs at the American Embassy in Ottawa . “ If a trade agreement is going to have longevity , it needs to reflect the broader public values and not just be a way to ease the trade of things . ”
The Trudeau government has made gender equality , climate change and reconciliation with indigenous people central to its policies . The first thing Mr. Trudeau did as prime minister was to name the country 's first gender-balanced cabinet .
Among the six objectives laid out by Ms. Freeland , many were not surprising to Canadians , who have been deluged by panicky news reports since Mr. Trump first threatened to destroy the agreement . The government wants to safeguard the country 's culture , and protect portions of its tightly managed agricultural system , which Mr. Trump has called a disgrace and unfair to American farmers when it comes to dairy . The system limits dairy , poultry and egg production and assigns them quotas , and protects farmers from import competition by imposing tariffs of up to 300 percent on some products .
And in blatant conflict with Mr. Trump 's “ Buy American ” campaign , Canada also wants to ban local-content provisions for government contracts , which Ms. Freeland called “ political junk food , superficially appetizing , but unhealthy in the long run . ”
Three other core demands are less likely to rankle American negotiators : a modernization of Nafta to reflect technology that has developed since 1994 ; the slashing of red tape ; and the easing of travel for professionals between the countries .
Noting that the country had walked out of trade negotiations before and was willing to do so again , Ms. Freeland remarked that “ we are committed to a good deal , not just any deal . ”
But , it was clear to most Canadians that their bluster was addressed to them just as much as American negotiators who will sit across from their team on Wednesday , in the first of many talks that are expected to last months . Canadians may agree that Nafta is good for the country 's economy , but the notion of being pushed around by their larger , more powerful neighbor sets their teeth on edge .
“ Our approach in these talks will be in keeping with our national character ; hard-working , fact-based , cordial , animated by the spirit of good will and the pursuit of compromise , ” Ms. Freeland said . “ We also know that there is no contradiction between being polite , and being strong . It is no accident that hockey is our national sport . ”
Image caption Manx Utilities is a statutory board of the Isle of Man Government
Home and business owners in the Isle of Man could see water and sewerage rates frozen for 2018-2019 following a review of Manx Utilities £538m debt .
National Economic Research Associates ( NERA ) recommended the debt be restructured to `` reduce the potential burden of charges on customers '' .
It said the historic debt should be reduced in exchange for lower price increases over the next 5-10 years .
The Treasury , however , is proposing freezing charges for 12 months .
Manx Utilities Authority ( MUA ) was formed when the Manx Electricity Authority merged with the Water and Sewerage Authority in 2014 .
It carries historical debt of £260m in bonds and £278m in Treasury loans .
Image caption The construction of Pulrose Power Station was funded with £185m of commercial bonds
Treasury Minister Alf Cannan will ask Tynwald members to back the plan to reduce the amount Manx Utilities owes their department by £95m - reducing government funds for capital schemes .
Mr Cannan said it would `` shield consumers and improve business confidence '' .
A government spokesperson said the debt had arisen over time in order to fund significant infrastructure investments including the construction of Pulrose Power Station .
The NERA review concluded Manx Utilities has a `` higher level of debt than comparative utility suppliers . ''
It said MUA water charges are higher than comparative utility suppliers ; electricity charges are marginally higher and sewerage charges are lower than comparators .
Household water and sewerage charges rose in April by an average of £34 per household for each of its 49,000 customers .
If the motion is approved , Manx Utilities will return with a new long-term pricing strategy within 12 months .
Four women have accused celebrity chef Mario Batali of inappropriate touching over the course of two decades , causing the restaurateur and television show host to step aside from their projects for the time being .
The accusations against Batali , which were first published in a report by Eater New York , were made by four women who have at one time worked in the restaurant industry . Three of them were employees of the chef .
Eater New York reported the women asked to remain anonymous in fear of retribution .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mario Batali accused of sexual misconduct 0:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
All the women recounted instances at different points in Batali 's career when they say the chef groped them and made inappropriate comments of a sexual nature .
In a statement , Batali apologized and said the accusations described by the women `` match up with the way [ he has ] acted . ''
Related : Since Weinstein , here 's a growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct
“ I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt . Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behavior described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family , '' the statement said in part .
Batali added that they were stepping away from the `` day-to-day operations of my businesses , '' acknowledging their actions disappointed many people and `` the failures are mine alone . ''
ABC , which airs `` The Chew , '' a show geared at foodies and co-hosted by Batali , said it was reviewing the allegations .
“ We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention . ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment , '' an ABC spokesperson said .
`` While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct . ”
Related : New Orleans Chef John Besh Steps Down After Sexual Harassment Allegations
Batali was reprimanded as recently as two months ago for inappropriate workplace behavior , a spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group , a restaurant-management services company co-owned by Batali and Joe Bastianich , told Eater New York .
Celebrity chef Mario Batali speaks during an interview at their restaurant , Del Posto , in New York on April 11 , 2006 . Brendan McDermid / Reuters file
Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group has been sued for harassment before , but not for any action involving Batali , Eater New York reported .
The group told Eater New York in part : “ We take these allegations very seriously . We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination . We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment . We train employees in these policies and we enforce them , up to and including termination . Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company 's operations , including the restaurants , and has already done so . ”
Joe Bastianich , Batali 's hospitality group partner , said in a statement to Eater New York : “ Right now , I 'm just focused on ensuring that our more than 1,000 employees continue to have a safe and positive work environment . ”
In addition to their hospitality group and co-hosting `` The Chew , '' Batali become an industry Goliath by becoming the face of an eponymous pasta sauce brand , creating a host cookbook and a line of kitchen products .
They also began the Mario Batali Foundation , a nonprofit to empower children .
Rubio went for a triple-double in a Game 3 victory , the first playoff triple-double for the franchise since John Stockton had one in 2001 .
Westbrook said he 'd shut down Rubio in Game 4 .
Their efforts backfired — Rubio got more of Westbrook 's attention , and the Thunder were n't as effective helping on Donovan Mitchell and Rudy Gobert , Utah 's two best players . Westbrook was overly aggressive and had four fouls at halftime . The Jazz rolled 113-96 .
Westbrook toned it down after the game .
`` It was n't about me or him , '' they said . `` Let 's get past that . We 're done with that . ''
Looking around the playoffs , that 's probably a good thing .
How goes a team 's point guard , so goes the team .
New Orleans ' Rajon Rondo and Philadelphia 's Ben Simmons are among the point guards whose play has lifted their teams .
That has been true in the matchup between Toronto 's Kyle Lowry and Washington 's John Wall . In Toronto 's two wins , Lowry averaged 10.5 assists , but 6.5 in two losses . Wall averaged 27.5 points and 14 assists as Washington won two games to even the series .
The 32-year-old Rondo appeared to be overmatched heading into the matchup with Portland 's Damian Lillard but showed they are not past their prime .
Rondo averaged 11.3 points , 7.5 rebounds and 13.3 assists to help the New Orleans sweep the Trail Blazers . Lillard averaged just 18.5 points in the series , eight below their regular-season average , and shot just 35 per cent from the field .
Philadelphia 's Simmons has averaged 19.3 points , 10.8 rebounds and 9.8 assists t help the 76ers take a 3-1 lead in their series against the Miami Heat . In Game 4 , they had the first triple-double for a rookie in a playoff game since Magic Johnson in 1980 .
Miami 's Goran Dragic is playing well , too — he 's averaging 19.5 points and shooting 49 per cent . But when Simmons has been special , the 76ers have won .
Milwaukee 's Eric Bledsoe and Boston 's Terry Rozier have gone back and forth on the court and in the media . Rozier dominated the first two games — both Boston wins — averaging 23 points on 47 per cent shooting while Bledsoe averaged 10.5 points and shot 36 per cent .
Bledsoe won the next two matchups , and so did the Bucks . Bledsoe averaged 13 points on 50 per cent shooting while Rozier averaged 9.5 points on 26 per cent shooting .
Rubio does n't have to statistically out-perform Westbrook , who has averaged a triple-double the past two seasons . For Rubio , the key has been not trying to do too much . Just be the team 's floor general .
On offence , they take open shots and finds their teammates . On defence , they can take chances because the 7-foot-1 Gobert can erase most mistakes .
`` That is our strength , '' Rubio said . `` Play as a team and get a win . ''
One more Utah win and Oklahoma City 's season is done .
___
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter : www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
___
Freelancer John Coon in Salt Lake City , Utah , contributed to this report .
___
For more AP NBA coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Cliff Brunt , The Associated Press
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina — Kyle Larson has been in Chase Elliott ‘ s shoes .
Not too long ago , the Chip Ganassi Racing driver went 98 starts in NASCAR 's premier series without a trip to victory lane .
Then came start No . 99 .
In August 2016 at Michigan International Speedway , a late restart with eight laps to go saw Larson get the jump on Elliott . Larson wound up celebrating with their steering wheel thrust out the window and Elliott was left lamenting , “ I hate to let my guys down like that . ”
It has become a common refrain from the Hendrick Motorsports driver .
More than a year later , Larson now has five Cup wins . After a crushing second-place finish to Kyle Busch last week at Dover , Elliott sits at 70 Cup starts and zero wins .
“ ( Elliott ) has probably run second as many times as I did before the first win and been close just as often as I have , maybe even in some cases more often , ” Larson said Friday at Charlotte Motor Speedway .
Larson finished second four times before their triumph . Elliott has had to settle for second five times . Two of those have been to Larson at Michigan .
“ I put myself in a lot of positions to win throughout the first two-and-a-half years of my NASCAR career and I seem to kind of choke , I guess , late in the races , ” Larson said . “ But in each of those losses I had , I learned something from each of them and I became calmer at each of them . ”
For Elliott , who is in the second round of the Cup playoffs , there 's far less , “ I hate to let my guys down like that . ”
The second-year driver is shouldering more of the responsibility .
“ I appreciate my team and their efforts today , ” Elliott said on Sunday . “ The pit stops were great and they kept us in the ballgame . I did n't . ”
Larson has noticed the change .
“ He seems extremely mature so I 'm sure he 's dealing with it fine , ” Larson said . “ So far this year , they have dealt with all the close finishes way better than they had last year . I think that is a case of them learning from each of those losses and just becoming calmer and more mature . They will win , and when they win one , they are going to win a lot , similar to kind of what I did this year . ”
But before the start of the playoffs , Elliott disagreed with the notion that their reaction to close losses has “ evolved . ”
“ The circumstances have been different , ” Elliott said the week before the playoff opener and an encumbered second-place finish . “ When a race did n't end the way that I wanted it to end because it 's something that I did , I 'm going to take a lot of blame , I 'm just going to own up to my mistakes . I 'm going to be frustrated with the fact that I know I did n't do my job correctly . When it 's out of my hands , I ca n't do anything about it , those are the days you just have to recognize I could n't do anything about it .
“ But the ones that frustrate me the most are the ones I know I could have done something different to fix it . ”
Follow @ DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
1 . Bishop , knight , rook and pawn are names of pieces in what game
Chess
2 . When referring to the pieces in chess , how would you spell Knight
K N I G H T
3.Today is Monday , what day of the week does Christmas EVE land on this year
Sunday
4 . What beverage is most commonly known to be put out with cookies for Santa on Christmas Eve
Milk
5 . In the nursery rhyme Mary Had a Little Lamb , the lamb had fleece as white as “ what ”
Snow
6.Who is the Mayor the Barrie
Jeff Lehman
7 . The Leafs played on Saturday and Sunday this past weekend . True or False , they won BOTH games
True
8 . Which body part is part of the nervous system ; Heart / Lungs or Spinal Cord
Spinal Cord
9 . Fill in the blank from ‘ Twas A Night Before Christmas ; Not a creature was stirring , not even a BLANK
mouse
10 . Answer this equation ; 875 x 2 + 50 – 725
1075
The 2018 Golden Globe Nominations are Out : FULL LIST
Pipe Bomb Explodes in Terror Attack at NYC Port Authority Bus Terminal
Acrobat and Crossfit enthusiast Domenico Vaccaro won Belgium 's Got Talent in 2015 but he 's got a new gig now – he 's putting on a show at Officine Farneto in Rome , and we 're glad he 's left the North Pole for this one .
Some more shots and videos of Vaccaro doing their thing :
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. — Former NCAA Division I scoring champion James Daniel III has willingly accepted a more complementary role with their new team this season after making the move from Howard to Tennessee .
But the graduate transfer has shown the last week he 's still capable of producing points in bunches at any level .
Daniel has averaged 16.5 points and has shot a combined 8 of 14 from 3-point range over their last two games as a catalyst for Tennessee 's productive bench crew . The 6-foot guard will try to help the 18th-ranked Volunteers ( 16-5 , 6-3 SEC ) earn their fifth straight victory Saturday when they host Mississippi ( 11-11 , 4-5 ) .
Tennessee 's surprising season has justified Daniel 's decision to test themselves against major-conference opposition in their final season of eligibility , even though it has dramatically reduced their individual production .
“ I wanted to try to win an SEC championship and also a national championship , ” Daniel said . “ I felt as though we had the pieces here , with how many great players they had , that it was possible . ”
Daniel 's move required them to transform their game .
They averaged 27.1 points per game for Howard in 2015-16 to lead all Division I scorers that year before injuries caused them to play just two games last season . Daniel 's 2,085 career points rank second among all active Division I players , behind only Central Arkansas ' Jordan Howard ( 2,230 ) .
Daniel is averaging just 7.2 points this season while developing into more of a distributor and defender . He 's attempting just 5.4 shots per game this year after shooting 19.4 times per game for Howard two seasons ago .
He 's on pace to finish a season with more assists than baskets for the first time in their career .
“ At Howard , my coach , that 's what they wanted me to do , ” Daniel said . “ He needed me to score in order for us to have a chance to win . Here , my coach needs me to make open shots and play defence . For me , being able to transform my game and evolve , I feel as though I can do that . ”
They wasted no time showing they could make the adjustment .
In their second game at Tennessee , Daniel scored just four points against High Point but had a career-high 10 assists without committing a single turnover . Two weeks later , they had another 10-assist , zero-turnover game against Mercer . He 's the first Vol to have multiple games with 10-plus assists in the same season since LaMarcus Golden in 1993-94 .
“ I do n't think they put their self-worth in wanting to be the nation 's leading scorer , ” Tennessee coach Rick Barnes said . “ I do n't think that . I do think one reason they wanted to come is to help be part of a winning program . I think they could help us do that – and they have . ”
Although he 's coming off the bench , Daniel has a team-high 3.5 assists per game . Daniel also can still score when called upon .
After going seven straight games without exceeding seven points , Daniel scored 16 points last weekend in a 68-45 blowout at Iowa State . They followed that up by scoring 17 Wednesday in an 84-61 victory over LSU .
He 's a big reason why Tennessee has outscored opponents 134-48 in bench points during its four-game winning streak . In three of the Vols ' last four games , Tennessee 's reserves have outscored their starters .
“ To have somebody like that who went out two years ago and had 27 points per game , who knows what he 's doing and to come in here and now be able to get 10 assists ( in a ) game and pick up fullcourt – and you know in the back of your head they can still go for 20 – that 's lethal , ” junior forward Kyle Alexander said . “ That 's something we need . ”
Daniel also provides experience as the lone senior on Tennessee 's roster . He 's been around the game long enough to understand their new responsibilities and realize that making an NCAA Tournament run is much more important than scoring at a higher rate .
“ You ask anybody who plays basketball , ( and ) of course scoring is a fun part of the game , but we 're winning , ” Daniel said . “ That 's all I really want to do . ”
——
Follow Steve Megargee at https : //twitter.com/stevemegargee
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
Why it matters to you Impatiently waiting for teh premiere of season 8 of The Walking Dead on October 22 . A new teaser will only ratchet up your excitement further .
Season 8 of The Walking Dead will premiere later this month , but AMC is keeping fans excited about the show 's return with a new teaser for the upcoming story arc that has Rick Grimes ( Andrew Lincoln ) attempting to inspire the makeshift army he 's about to lead into battle .
The new season is expected to pick up where things left off in the seventh season , with war looming between the army of Jeffrey Dean Morgan 's vicious character Negan and the united groups of survivors that oppose him . Rick is poised to lead them in their battle against Negan , and the conflict will likely test their leadership and leave more than a few bodies behind . Not surprisingly winning is the theme of Rick 's message .
The brief preview for season 8 of the series is titled We 've Already Won and was released ahead of the show 's panel at New York Comic Con . It follows a much longer trailer for the season that debuted in July during Comic-Con International in San Diego .
Based on Robert Kirkman 's comic book series of the same name , The Walking Dead follows the survivors of a zombie outbreak that has ravaged the country and turned the world into a daily fight for survival , as threats both undead and human loom at every turn . Along with Lincoln and Morgan , the upcoming season features series veterans Norman Reedus , Lauren Cohan , Danai Gurira , Chandler Riggs , Josh McDermitt , Ross Marquand , and Christian Serratos .
The Walking Dead currently holds the title of television 's most-watched drama for adult audiences in the key 18-to-49-age demographic , and was nominated in the “ Best Television Series — Drama ” category at the 2010 Golden Globe Awards . The series has won two Primetime Emmy Awards and received 16 nominations over the course of its first seven seasons . The series also spawned a companion series , Fear the Walking Dead , which is set in Los Angeles and Mexico during the same zombie outbreak and is currently in the midst of its third season .
The Walking Dead is executive produced by showrunner Scott M. Gimple , along with Kirkman , Gale Anne Hurd , David Alpert , Greg Nicotero , and Tom Luse .
Season 8 of The Walking Dead will premiere October 22 on AMC .
The Event Room – Your destination for Creative Luxury Experiences
With an experienced and creative team of event architects , The Event Room is your bespoke partner for producing various types of events such as ; Baby Showers , Product Launches , Networking Events , Birthdays , Leadership Conferences , Dinners , Photo-shoots etc . Be it venue hire or venue design , the Event Room is basically Luxury on Invitation . Facilities The modern flagship [ … ]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
statements mailed Some 56,000 tax statements were mailed Friday by the Hood County Appraisal District .
Taxes are due on receipt and will be delinquent Feb .
Curt Schilling : I 'd be in the Hall of Fame if I bashed Donald Trump
The 2017 Baseball Hall of Fame inductees will be announced later this month , and Curt Schilling is once again expected to come up short . The former Cy Young Award winner is convinced that has much more to do with their political opinions than what they accomplished in their career .
And he 's probably right .
In an interview with TMZ this week , Schilling said they believe nearly all of the 400-plus voters would give them a thumbs up if they bashed Donald Trump rather than supporting the president elect .
“ They 're not hiding the fact that they 've stopped voting for me because of the things I 've said on social media , ” the 50-year-old said . “ That 's their prerogative as voters . … If I had said lynch Trump , I 'd be getting in with about 90 percent of the votes this year . ”
A few months ago , Schilling shared a photo on social media of a man wearing a shirt encouraging people to lynch journalists and described it as “ awesome . ”
Schilling added that many of the voters are hypocrites for keeping them out of the Hall because of their character , noting that there 's a tendency to “ pick and choose ” which players to apply the character clause to .
“ The people who have said they 're not going to vote for me are not going to vote for me because of the character clause , ” they said . “ There are some of the worst human beings I 've ever known voting . There are scumbags all across — if they do n't believe my baseball talents merit me getting into the Hall of Fame , so be it . ”
Schilling is one of only 16 pitchers with 3,000-plus strikeouts in their career . Their 216 wins are a bit low for some people , but they rank third all-time in strikeout-to-walk ratio . The strongest case Schilling can make for Cooperstown is their 11-2 record and 2.23 ERA in the playoffs , where they were downright dominant .
Are many voters keeping Schilling off their ballots because they have made unpopular remarks like this ? Most likely , but they still have a few years to get in . It 'd be a surprise if they do n't eventually get to the Hall .
Anderson , 49 , was attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival with their husband , John , and their daughters .
In a statement to The Washington Post , their husband said they were grateful for the time they got to share with theirs wife .
`` She was the most amazing wife , mother and person this world ever had , '' John Anderson said .
A Wigan rugby league legend who also won a World Cup after crossing codes will return to the town to talk about their extraordinary path to fame .
Jason Robinson , who was revered by fans of the 13-man code during their time at Central Park and also starred for Great Britain , will visit The Old Courts for a one-man show next year .
They will speak at the Crawford Street venue about their tough upbringing and their rise to massive success on the sporting field .
Robinson 's glittering career in RL was followed by further achievements in rugby union , where they were part of the England team that lifted the sport 's biggest prize Down Under in 2003 .
The Wigan event marks a rare appearance in this field for them and organisers are excited about the opportunity for sports fans to hear from them and quiz them about their life and career .
The Old Courts director Jonny Davenport said : “ Anyone passionate about the sport will no doubt be excited about this event regardless of loyalties as Jason achieved so much within the game and is of course synonymous with Wigan .
“ Aside from that , Jason has a particularly compelling life story and is exactly the type of engaging character we will be bringing to The Old Courts more and more . In addition to the presentation of Jason 's story they are really keen to mingle with guests who will have to opportunity to chat with them and ask their own burning questions . It should be a great night . ”
Playing either full back or wing “ Billy Whizz ” , as they were called because of their speed , scored 685 points in 302 appearances for Wigan , lifting numerous trophies . They moved to union in 2000 and would score 30 tries in 56 caps for England , including in the Rugby World Cup Final .
Robinson , known as Billy Whizz , has opened up about their tough upbringing and their own battles with alcohol which ultimately led them to become a devout Christian in a couple of books and is expected to speak frankly for the Wigan audience about this .
They have retained close links with the borough and is a keen supporter of charity Joining Jack .
An Evening With Jason Robinson is on Thursday April 12 . Tickets are now on sale . Visit www.facebook.com/events/214007739140749
Shakira and their longtime man , soccer star Gerard Piqué have split and she 's already moved out of the house !
In an interview with Billboard magazine , Shakira called Gerard “ territorial ” and confessed , “ he no longer lets me do videos with men. ” Read full article HERE .
They met in 2010 when they appeared in the ‘ Waka Waka ' video . The song was the official song for the 2010 Football World Cup in Africa .
The couple never married but have adorable babies together .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Taoiseach Leo Varadkar on the latest adoption scandal
Every adoption agency in Ireland has been involved in illegal child registrations , according to the head of children 's charity Barnardos .
The discovery of the illegal registrations were described by Irish prime minister Leo Varadkar as `` another dark chapter in our history '' .
Fergus Findlay , from Barnardos , said it was `` a scandal '' .
They added , however , that `` it 's not a new one and should n't come as a surprise to anyone '' .
Social workers are contacting 126 people whose adoptive parents were registered as their birth parents .
The individuals were born between 1949 and 1969 .
Ireland 's child and family agency Tusla said that of the 126 people uncovered so far , 79 may be `` entirely unaware of the circumstances of their birth '' .
Tusla found evidence of the 126 illegal registrations after it gained the records of former adoption agency St Patrick 's Guild , which ended its operation in 2004 .
Speaking in the Dáil ( Irish parliament ) , Mr Varadkar said there are potentially `` hundreds of thousands '' further illegal adoption registration records .
When asked if the revelations were the `` tip of the iceberg '' , they replied that an initial scoping exercise looking at the records of other adoption agencies will take place and that , if there is an evidence , a full analysis will be carried out .
`` It 's potentially a mammoth task , '' they said .
Mr Findlay , the chief executive of Barnardos , told Irish national broadcaster RTÉ that an investigation needs to be carried out into at least 150,000 adoptions .
They said they would be `` amazed '' if at least 10 % of those cases were not found to be illegal .
`` It is a crime against the children because it robbed them of their identity , their heritage , their health histories , '' they said .
They added : `` A lot of women were told after their babies were taken from them that their babies had died and not to enquire about them again .
`` Some women have gone through years and years of trauma . ''
Get the Mach newsletter .
A pair of NASA astronauts aboard the International Space Station embarked on a six-and-a-half-hour spacewalk today to upgrade and repair the orbiting outpost .
The spacewalk began at 8:39 a.m. EDT , and lasted 6 hours and 31 minutes .
Astronauts Drew Feustel and Ricky Arnold , both veteran spacewalkers , swapped out a leaky cooling component with a replacement on the station 's port-side truss . The unit is designed to keep batteries in the space station 's external systems cool . The spacewalkers also installed a camera system on the exterior of the “ Destiny ” laboratory , which will be used when future commercial spacecraft dock at the ISS .
This was the 210th spacewalk at the ISS since 1998 . It was Fuestel 's eighth spacewalk and Arnold 's fourth .
Feustel and Arnold arrived at the ISS on March 23 and are slated to return to Earth in October .
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Higuain Tells Juventus To Be Wary Of Barcelona
Juventus star striker , Gonzalo Higuain has told their side not to be complacent when they face Barcelona in the second leg .
The Serie A giants are in control of the game after a 3-0 first leg win at home of the quarterfinal match .
However , Barcelona lost 4-0 away in the previous stage , but came back after a 6-1 home win in the second leg to beat PSG .
“ I do n't know whether our 3-0 lead will be enough . We have to come out fighting at Camp Nou and play like we did in the first leg in Turin , ” former Madrid striker Higuain told Juve 's official website .
“ Barcelona showed against PSG that they 're capable of producing miracles , so we have to be on our toes .
“ They 'll be wary of us too , however . We 'll be looking to create opportunities to score and we 're certain that we have what it takes to reach the next round . ”
The post Higuain Tells Juventus To Be Wary Of Barcelona appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
METLAOUI : Dozens of unemployed youths camp out around phosphate mines in central Tunisia , demanding jobs as part of a wave of protests aimed at focusing attention on alleged state neglect.The surge in anger is the latest in the North African nation 's mining region , where one of the country 's highest unemployment rates and a stark lack of infrastructure have fueled regular unrest.The most recent confrontations broke out at the end of January , with demonstrators frustrated over hiring practices blocking work for six weeks.Among the grey dunes of phosphate at the Kef Eddour quarry near the town of Metlaoui , 10 women and about 50 young men — sons and grandsons of miners — eat and sleep in a few prefabricated cabins. “ The phosphate company is the only thing here , we have no development , no jobs , ” said Ali Ben Msalah , 25 , who has been unemployed since finishing high school. “ For us , the solution is either emigration , death or prison. ” Next to him , Souad Smadah , 60 , the daughter and wife of miners , nods as they warm couscous and tea over a fire for the young protesters.She is angry that none of their five sons have managed to find work at the phosphate mines , accusing business people and trade unions of prioritising their relatives when hiring.Smadah 's eldest earns 300 dinars ( $ 125 or 100 euros ) a month in a bakery , almost three-times less than a starting salary at the mine.Metlaoui is rich in phosphate , a highly sought after ore used to make fertilizer of which Tunisia is the world 's fourth largest producer.Boasting a swimming pool , cinema and tennis courts , it was once nicknamed “ Little Paris. ” Today , however , the town 's jobless youth loiter along cratered roads , their teeth yellowed from polluted water.The Gafsa Phosphate Company ( CPG ) , a state monopoly , has long been the main source of jobs and income for the region.Decades of corrupt or absent authorities sparked mass protests around the mines in 2008 that were brutally repressed by dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.His fall in a 2011 uprising which sparked the Arab Spring upheavals sparked hope of change.But there has been no sign of improvement and a combination of lack of investment , skilled workers and unrest has even seen output nosedive. “ Since the revolution , we can no longer produce the desired tonnage , ” said CPG 's general secretary , Ali Khmili.The company , which used to produce up to 8 million tons a year , barely extracted 4.2 million last year.The most recent disruption to the mine 's work began in January after the series of demonstrations and riots , fueled by price and tax increases and persistent unemployment , broke out in the region and across Tunisia.Adding to the tensions are looming municipal elections scheduled for May , with legislative and presidential elections set for 2019.In Gafsa , the heightening of political tensions has complicated negotiations with the protesters , paralysing production earlier this year.The halt in work was “ essentially linked to a lack of trust ” between residents and the government , according to Rabeh Ahmadi , an activist with the Tunisian Forum of Economic and Social Rights ( FTDES ) , an NGO specializing in social issues.The government eventually demanded legal action and suspended some 1,700 hires in progress in an attempt to quell the unrest.Mining slowly resumed this month and ministers were dispatched to the region last week . But residents unhappy with solutions proposed by the government have continued to disrupt production.They say it is the only way to force those in power to pay attention to them , as phosphate is crucial to reaching the government 's target of three percent growthCPG , which is running at a deficit largely because of recurring unrest , has not contributed to the state budget since 2011.And some at the company warn that by targeting the phosphate output the demonstrators could end up just hurting their region even more. “ The protesters ' claims are legitimate , there is a total absence of the state in this area , ” said Rafiq Smida , an CPG engineer and advocate for the phosphate industry. “ But if work there is blocked , 32,000 jobs are at risk . ”
Diego Costa has criticised Chelsea 's treatment of them this summer and said they are `` not a criminal '' as they hold out for a move to Atletico Madrid .
The 28-year-old , who claims they were told they were not wanted by manager Antonio Conte via text message in the summer , has yet to leave the club but did not return from their post-season break .
Costa said they were happy at Stamford Bridge until Conte made it clear they had no future in the Italian 's team , and now wants to rejoin the club they left to join Chelsea in 2014 .
The striker said they have not reported for training as they do not want to train with the Blues ' reserves , and is happy staying in Brazil and paying club fines until their future is resolved .
`` I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free . I did n't want to leave . I was happy . When the manager does not want you , you have to go , '' they told the Daily Mail .
`` In January , things happened with the coach . I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it . I suspect the manager was behind it .
`` They gave me a week extra off but since then it 's fines all the way . They want me training with the reserves . I am not going to do that .
`` I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here . So , if they need to fine me , let them fine me . ''
Costa , who said they feel Conte `` does n't possess charisma '' , was angry with how they were told to leave .
They added : `` There are ways of going about it . You do n't do it by text message . You should be honest and direct to someone 's face . ''
Costa hopes to sort their future out quickly but is prepared to miss a year of playing rather than move somewhere other than Atletico , who are under a transfer embargo until January .
They said : `` My desire is to go to Atletico . I have rejected other offers . They want to sell me to China or other teams . If I 'm off , I 'm going to the club I want to go to , not the club that 's paying the most .
`` I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing , even if Chelsea fine me for a year and do n't pay me . I 'll come back stronger . If I was in the wrong , I 'd go back now and do as they say . ''
Steve Smith Sr. 's legendary career is over , giving them the opportunity to enjoy a pool side cabana during training camp or Disneyland trips in September . He 'll be making tough decisions , such as eating a pint or gallon of ice cream .
The Ravens , meanwhile , now have much more pressing matters .
They must figure out a way to not only offset the loss of a potential Hall of Famer , but to get even better . If the Ravens offense is going to improve in 2017 , it must make even more big plays .
“ Whenever you lose a great player — they are one of the all-time great players — [ you ] are going to have to fill the void , ” Head Coach John Harbaugh said . “ Guys are going to have to step up , and we 're going to have to find a way to be better next year . ”
Even at age 37 , Smith was one of the Ravens ' biggest playmakers . Despite missing two game with an ankle injury , they led the team in receiving touchdowns with five . They were second on the team in receiving yards ( 799 ) , third in receptions ( 70 ) and third in targets ( 103 ) .
When the Ravens needed wins down the final stretch of the season , they turned to Smith . They scored a key touchdown at the end of the first half versus the Philadelphia Eagles and caught seven passes for 79 yards and a touchdown versus the Pittsburgh Steelers .
But Smith was more than just big plays and stats . They were a fiery leader that elevated the game of everyone else around him . Their competitiveness was infections , teammates said . Opponents feared them and defensive coordinators game planned him .
“ Reality is going to hit us at some point that we do n't have them on the field anymore and to be able to be the guy that they are on Sundays , ” quarterback Joe Flacco said after Sunday 's season-ending loss .
So how do the Ravens try to replace Smith ?
Nobody will be able to be the kind of person they are . Just like legendary linebacker Ray Lewis , Smith was one of a kind . The Ravens will look to replace and increase their production , however .
As far as in-house options , the Ravens will return veteran Mike Wallace , who posted 1,017 receiving yards , 72 catches and four touchdowns . It was a bounce-back season for Wallace , who had n't posted 1,000 receiving yards since 2011 .
Baltimore will also have Breshad Perriman , who will be entering their third season . After missing their entire rookie season because of a knee injury , Perriman 's health was the biggest question mark entering the year . They answered that by playing in all 16 games .
However , Perriman did n't have major production . They caught 33 passes for 499 yards and three touchdowns , serving mostly as the team 's No . 3 receiver .
Kamar Aiken , who was the team 's leading wide receiver in 2015 with 944 yards , fell down the depth chart and got limited opportunities . They made 29 catches for 328 yards and one score . Aiken is a player who could grow their role to seemingly make up for the loss , but they may not be on the team . Aiken is slated to be an unrestricted free agent this offseason .
Michael Campanaro is a smaller slot receiver that could fill Smith 's position , and they came on late in the season after getting healthy , being re-signed and promoted from the practice squad , but they did n't catch a single pass . They ran three jet sweeps for 72 yards . Campanaro still needs to prove they can stay healthy for long stretches of time .
Fourth-round rookie Chris Moore caught seven passes for 46 yards this season , as they got most of their opportunities on special teams . Moore showed a knack for making plays on special teams , as they scored two touchdowns and pounded on a fumble in New England , but they still have a way to go to prove they can do the same on offense .
“ Nobody has to do anything spectacular ; we 've just got to go to work and get better and better each day , ” Flacco said . “ We have guys that can step in and do the job and they do n't have to be Steve Smith . They just have to be themselves , and that 's the most important thing . ”
The Ravens could also add new blood via free agency or the draft .
Some of the top options in free agency are Chicago Bears wide receiver Alshon Jeffrey , Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Vincent Jackson and Washington Redskins receivers Pierre Garcon and DeSean Jackson .
The top wide receivers in this year 's draft class are generally believed to be Clemson 's Mike Williams , Western Michigan 's Corey Davis , Washington 's John Ross and USC 's JuJu Smith-Schuster .
Those are options that will be explored in the coming months . For now , the Ravens are still coping with not having No . 89 .
“ It 's tough , ” Flacco said . “ What a competitor , what a player . They did so many things for this team . It 's definitely a tough reality . ”
`` They 're trying to profit off of it , and I think it 's disgusting , '' Lori Alhadeff , whose daughter , Alyssa , was killed after being shot 10 times at Marjory Stoneman Douglas , said on Tuesday . `` We are trying to prevent this from happening again , and they are encouraging it . It is despicable . It is vile . ''
The computer game was going to be released via the digital marketplace Steam , and was developed by Revived Games , which marketed it as a `` dynamic SWAT simulator . '' It offered the option to play either the shooter or a SWAT team member .
Acid , the publisher of the game , addressed the controversy in a confusing blog post last week on Steam 's forums , writing : `` After receiving such high amount of critics and hate , I will more likely remove the shooters [ sic ] role in this game by the release , unless if it can be kept as it is right now . ''
The post is attributed to a developer named Arthur Belkin , who lists the Russian Federation as their home country .
But on Tuesday night , Valve Corporation , the owner of Steam , announced it had removed the game after an investigation , and found that the developer and publisher was actually `` a person calling themselves Ata Berdiyev , who had previously been removed last fall . ''
`` Ata is a troll , with a history of customer abuse , publishing copyrighted material , and user review manipulation , '' Valve said . `` His subsequent return under new business names was a fact that came to light as we investigated the controversy around their upcoming title . We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve . ''
Many had called for the game to be pulled , including anti-gun activist Fred Guttenberg , whose 14-year-old daughter , Jaime , was killed in the Parkland shooting .
`` Wow , this is amazing news ! ! ! '' they tweeted after learning it had been removed .
A disclaimer at the beginning of the game 's demo had said it did not intend to glamorize violence .
The game 's description also said players should `` not take any of this seriously '' and urged them to get help if they feel like hurting anyone .
But many critics had said that was not enough — including Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , who called the game `` inexcusable '' and tweeted , `` Any company that develops a game like this in wake of such a horrific tragedy should be ashamed of itself . ''
This is n't the first video game to create such controversy . In 2011 , another game , `` School Shooter , '' which portrayed the Columbine school shooting that took place in 1999 in Colorado , was pulled after public outcry .
Video
Scientists battling the latest threat to Europe 's bees , the Asian hornet , are studying their nests using video shot by a beekeeper .
John de Carteret , a former forensic photographer from Jersey , has been filming the nests after they were spotted around the island .
They are part of the Jersey Beekeeper 's Association , which has been tracking Asian hornets down by hand .
Scientists from Spain , England and Scotland have been viewing Mr de Carteret 's footage and say it gives a rare insight into the development of an Asian hornet nest .
Will you be in position to see this ? Maybe , maybe not . ( AP Photo/Ben Margot )
( RNN ) – Most people should know by now that you should by no means watch the Aug. 21 solar eclipse with unprotected eyes .
That does n't stop people from wanting to have the best visual experience of the event .
Some want to take pictures of the eclipse with their smartphones , but do n't know if it 's safe or not .
That may depend on your phone .
Many photographers say that the small lens is n't big enough to get damaging light from the sun if you set exposures for short times , but others admit that newer smartphones have bigger , faster lenses .
NASA says it is mostly safe to take photos of the eclipse with a smartphone , with a few precautions .
Most important , you should protect your own eyes , so wear solar glasses .
You should never point your smartphone camera at the un-eclipsed sun without putting a filter over the lens , according to NASA .
You will also need a telephoto lens for the smartphone if you want to take magnified pictures of the eclipse . A smartphone tripod adapter is also necessary for good quality pictures by stabilizing the camera .
Without a telephoto lens , your smartphone photos of the eclipse will just look like the sky with a dot .
Before the eclipse , you should practice with your smartphone , according to NASA and USA Today .
It 's good to start by photographing the full moon with your phones to get a view of what it will look like .
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network . All rights reserved .
22:34 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18 , 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18 , 5778 , 03/02/18 95-year-old Holocaust survivor teaches Yiddish at a camp Read more At this Jewish camp , a 95-year-old Holocaust survivor teaches kids both Yiddish and Jewish history . ► ◄ Last Briefs
Cardinal Health Inc. shares dropped 19.3 % in premarket trade Tuesday after the company said it had agreed to a $ 6.1 billion deal for certain Medtronic businesses and updated its 2017 guidance . The company now expects fiscal 2017 earnings per share to come in at the bottom of earlier guidance of $ 5.35 to $ 5.50 , compared with the FactSet consensus of $ 5.42 . Cardinal Health attributed the guidance to generic deflation in its pharmaceutical business . Cardinal Health expects the Medtronic deal , which is for the company 's patient care , deep vein thrombosis and nutritional businesses and should close in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 , to add at least 21 cents to EPS that year . Still , Cardinal Health expects EPS to be flat to down mid-single digits for fiscal year 2018 , due to “ several company-specific discrete items ” that it did not specify and generic deflation . The Medtronic businesses encompass 23 product categories and include brands used in nearly every U.S. hospital , Cardinal Health said , with the businesses bringing in $ 23 billion in revenue for 12 months through October 2016 . Company shares have surged 8.0 % over the last three months , compared with a 3.4 % rise in the S & P 500 .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
Social media users are banding together to expose attendees at the Charlottesville white nationalist rally to make sure their employers , friends , and neighbors know their names .
A man identified as Cole White was fired from their job at a Berkeley , California restaurant Top Dog when their participation in the rally was revealed by the Twitter account @ YesYoureRacist .
@ YesYoureRacist , which has 290,000 followers , has been been on a mission to call out racism on the internet since the account was opened in October 2012 .
Peter Cvjetanovic ( C ) is among the white nationalists who gained unwanted fame in Charlottesville over the weekend . Samuel Corum / Getty Images
After a car rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday afternoon , killing paralegal Heather Heyer and injuring 19 other people , social media users mobilized in full force to begin naming and shaming the attendees , who included people identifying as neo-Nazis , white nationalists and members of the Ku Klux Klan .
`` There were hundreds if not thousands of cameras running during the rally at any given moment . I am consistently impressed by amateur detectives who are able to unearth people 's names , home addresses , and social media accounts by picking out details from publicly available photos and video , '' Cole Stryker , author of `` Hacking the Future , '' a book about the history and future of online anonymity , told NBC News .
`` Anyone who puts on a bandana or a mask and thinks that will do the trick is fooling themselves , and should be prepared to accept what 's coming to them , '' they said .
Related : GoDaddy to Pull Plug on Daily Stormer After Article Mocks Charlottesville Victim
Early Sunday morning , @ YesYoureRacist and legions of people on Twitter got to work , sharing photos in the hope someone would recognize the people in them .
Before their identity was released , Peter Cvjetanovic , a student at the University of Nevada Reno , was just the young , angry looking white man carrying a Tiki torch through the streets of Charlottesville . The photo , showing hate and furor , went viral .
Now that the world knows their name , a Twitter account purported to belong to Cvjetanovic claims they are , `` Changing the world for the better . Here to clear my name . White Nationalist . ''
`` I believe that the white culture in the United States is at threat in its own way , and I want to help defend that , '' they told NBC News ' Reno affiliate KRNV .
`` I understand the photo is very bad looking , but I do n't believe you should threaten my family , '' they said . `` To me , that 's monstrous . You can call me a Nazi . You can hate my ideology . But I would n't threaten anyone . ''
Cvjetanovic said they identify as a white nationalist and does not believe `` that whites are inherently superior to any other race . ''
If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in # Charlottesville , send me their names/profiles and I 'll make them famous # GoodNightAltRight pic.twitter.com/2tA9xliFVU — Yes , You 're Racist ( @ YesYoureRacist ) August 12 , 2017
On Sunday , Marc A. Johnson , the president of the university , issued a statement saying , `` Racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society . These movements do not represent our values as a university . ''
Other Twitter users also shared photos of people they hoped someone could identify . One photo of a man wearing an 82nd Airborne Division hat while giving the Nazi salute had been retweeted more than 18,000 times as of Monday afternoon .
Would * LOVE * to know the name of Mr. 82nd Airborne Division here rendering Hitler 's Nazi salute . The 82nd jumped into Normandy on D-Day . pic.twitter.com/oObJNgXzEI — Brandon Friedman ( @ BFriedmanDC ) August 13 , 2017
`` These people went with the intention of making a statement and I think they should have expected to be in pictures , '' Allison Matherly , coordinator of digital engagement at Texas Tech University told NBC News . Naming and shaming is perfectly acceptable on Twitter , as long as it does n't cross the line into threatening behavior and no private information , such as an address or phone number , is shared .
Accounts such as @ YesYoureRacist are also identifying people who attended an event in a public space , which does not violate any of Twitter 's policies .
And of course , a picture can speak volumes , but sometimes they do n't tell the entire story . YouTube star Joey Salads was initially named on Twitter as being at the event . They discredited by letting their followers know he 's on vacation in Jamaica and that the photo used of them wearing a Nazi armband as a `` social experiment '' at a Trump rally was from a video posted in March .
While White lost their job as a consequence of attending the rally , Stryker said some of the people `` will be fine and return to their communities , where racism is celebrated . ''
But they do n't think naming and shaming will cause those at the center of it all to change their beliefs .
`` We enjoy a powerful catharsis in exposing and punishing people who express objectionable opinions , even people who really do 'deserve ' to feel shame , but let 's not delude ourselves into thinking we 've somehow reduced racism or its power , '' they said . `` We 've only pushed it into the dark where it will continue to fester . ''
( Press release from UofL Athletics )
LOUISVILLE , Ky. - University of Louisville junior lefthanded pitcher and first baseman Brendan McKay was named Wednesday as one of four finalists for the 2017 Golden Spikes Award , given annually to the top amateur baseball player in the United States and presented in partnership with the Rod Dedeaux Foundation .
McKay was joined as a finalist for the prestigious award by J.B. Bukauskas ( North Carolina ) , Adam Haseley ( Virginia ) and Brent Rooker ( Mississippi State ) . Each of the four 2017 finalists received the most votes among the 25 semifinalists , which were announced on May 31 . The 2017 season marks the 40th consecutive year the Golden Spikes Award has been awarded to the nation 's top amateur baseball player based on their athletic ability , sportsmanship , character and overall contribution to the sport . This marks the second consecutive season a Louisville player has been among the finalists for the Golden Spikes Award as Corey Ray earned that honor in 2016 .
A native of Darlington , Pennsylvania , McKay has been tabbed as the 2017 National Player of the Year by Baseball America and Collegiate Baseball newspaper while also earning their third straight John Olerud Two-Way Player of the Year award . On the mound , they have a 10-3 record with a 2.34 ERA and a school record 140 strikeouts in 104.0 innings pitched . During their three-year collegiate career , McKay has accumulated a 31-10 record with a 2.15 ERA and 385 strikeouts , the most ever for a Louisville pitcher .
At the plate , the 2017 ACC Player of the Year has a .343 batting average , 17 home runs , 13 doubles , 56 RBIs and a .464 on-base percentage in 60 starts as a hitter this season . In 179 career starts and 186 total appearances as a hitter , McKay has a .328 career batting average with 27 home runs , 46 doubles and 131 RBIs . On Monday night , McKay became the highest MLB Draft selection in school history going fourth overall to the Tampa Bay Rays .
The Golden Spikes Award voting committee , which selects the finalists and the Golden Spikes Award winner , is comprised of over 200 voters , consisting of past Golden Spikes Award winners , past USA Baseball National Team coaches and press officers , members of the media highly attuned within the amateur baseball landscape , select professional baseball personnel and select current USA Baseball staff members . The voting committee will have the opportunity to vote for the winner from today until Friday , June 23 .
Fans will also be able to vote for the 2017 award winner by visiting the online home for the award , GoldenSpikesAward.com ; which is powered by MLB Advanced Media ( MLBAM ) . Voting for fans ends at 5 p.m. EST on Friday , June 23 , and the finalist with the most fan votes will receive one overall vote .
Following the nationally televised announcement of the winner on June 29 , all four finalists and their families will be celebrated at the Jonathan Club Los Angeles as part of the 2017 Rod Dedeaux Foundation Awards Dinner . Hosted by the Rod Dedeaux Foundation , the dinner will honor the Golden Spikes Award finalists , the Rod Dedeaux Foundation Lifetime Achievement Award winner , former USA Baseball assistant coach , Augie Garrido , and the 2016 Rod Dedeaux USA Baseball Coach of the Year award winner , George Horton ( Oregon ) .
For more information on the Golden Spikes Award and the four 2017 finalists , follow along on social media @ USAGoldenSpikes on Instagram and Twitter .
The No . 7 national seed Cardinals ( 52-10 ) will continue their season at the 2017 College World Series against Texas A & M on Sunday at 2 p.m. , ET at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha . The game will be televised on ESPN .
Televangelist asks their followers for $ 54m for private jet
Televangelist Jesse Duplantis says that God told them they needed a fourth private plane and he 's asking their followers to foot the bill for $ 54 million .
Two corrections officers have been placed on paid leave as authorities investigate an inmate 's escape from a Rhode Island detention center .
Former Army reservist James Morales was reported missing Saturday night and remains at large .
Wyatt Correctional Center warden Daniel Martin tells WBZ-TV ( http : //cbsloc.al/2ivyGIG ) that two officers were placed on leave . They say Morales escaped around 7 p.m. but was n't discovered missing until three hours later .
The prison in Central Falls remains locked down as officials review procedures .
The 35-year-old Morales is charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and faces child rape charges .
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro , Massachusetts , and stole a car that was found Sunday . They believe they are bleeding from razor wire that they climbed through to escape .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Leigh Centurions have snapped up Hull FC forward Jordan Thompson on a two-year deal .
The 26-year-old has made over 100 appearances for the Black and Whites , scoring 12 tries since joining the club in 2014 from Castleford .
However , they will now add to Leigh 's impressive recruitment drive ahead of next season , which has seen Ben Crooks and Rhys Evans both join the club already , while Jamie Acton , Ben Reynolds and Greg Richards are also on board for 2018 .
“ First and foremost I 'd like to thank Jordan for their time at the club , ” Hull FC head coach Lee Radford said .
“ He always trained and played as an energiser and played with such energy to help others around him .
“ The development of Brad Fash and Masi Matongo has limited Jordan 's playing time this year and I understand that someone at their age needs to be playing regular first-team football . ”
Leigh head coach Neil Jukes added : “ In recent days the Club has made some uncompromising and heartfelt decisions that have had a significant impact on everybody . Ultimately , however , time does n't stand still and we have to re-evaluate things and put the building blocks in place for next year to start to get the Club back to where it belongs .
“ Obviously we have had to make tough decisions but that has created opportunities for other people to be a part of the Club 's future .
“ I have monitored Jordan closely for a number of years and they have played a lot of games for a top four clubs . They are ready to go on and achieve a lot more things in their career and has plenty of mileage in their legs .
“ Having spoken to Jordan , their hunger and appetite for the game shone through and we are looking forward to welcoming them to Leigh Centurions .
“ I 'd particularly like to recognise the contribution of ( Hull FC head coach ) Lee Radford towards securing Jordan 's services . Lee and I have a long friendship and they have been very supportive , particularly during the past few days . ”
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption There is a Scotland-wide effort to recruit radiologists
NHS Highland has sought to assure patients on the availability of its radiologists .
Highlands and Islands Conservative MSP Edward Mountain voiced concern in Holyrood of a shortage of the specialists at Raigmore in Inverness .
They said an interventional radiologist was due to leave the hospital and the health board was still trying to recruit their replacement .
NHS Highland said it was still recruiting and had cover in place .
Mr Mountain raised their concern about the situation at Raigmore in a question to Health Secretary Shona Robison about radiology vacancies Scotland-wide .
They said : `` From August we are going to have the situation where we will have no interventional radiologist in the Highlands .
`` This effectively means that elective and general surgery and emergency surgery will be severely affected . ''
Ms Robison said patients in the north of Scotland would receive the services that they would normally expect .
They said rather than criticise work to recruit radiologists , Mr Mountain should get behind the effort .
'Regularly outsource '
NHS Highland has 16 radiologist posts , two of which are based in Oban and the remainder in Inverness .
The health board said 12 of the posts were `` filled substantively '' .
The four vacancies are in Inverness one of which is for the interventional radiologist , and another is for a breast radiologist .
NHS locums are currently filling the two other vacancies , one general and one breast .
A spokesperson said : `` A specialty doctor was appointed to the department in January who is continuing to train with the aim of achieving consultant status in due course .
`` There are also two rotational registrars in training .
`` In addition we are using sessional interventional radiologists through waiting list initiatives and regularly outsource a proportion of the routine radiology reporting work to commercial providers . ''
Last year , Google released v2.0 of its `` Nearby Connections '' API , which allows for your gadgets to communicate with other devices in close proximity via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth . It was a part of the overall `` Nearby '' package , which also includes a few other systems for more specific applications , including messaging and notifications . According to a pair of commits recently spotted by the folks at XDA Developers , these Nearby APIs may be coming to Chromebooks .
So far , Google 's plans for Chromebooks seem to align with the previous use cases for Android tablets , so it is n't surprising to see additional Android features like the Nearby API set coming to the platform . As of last year , the Nearby package and related APIs did n't actually do a whole lot for consumer-facing products , but Google did go on at great length about potential uses in the V2.0 API announcement , including things like merging contacts , sharing phone numbers , and location-based service negotiation . Allegedly , The Weather Channel is even working to use it as a mesh network-based system for distributing weather warning announcements in the event of data loss ( someday ) .
If it 's implemented in the same way it previously was , the API should allow for communication between Chromebooks and Android devices , as well as Bluetooth Low Energy beacons . Right now Google uses it for things like setting up Google Cast and Wear devices . Still , until more products actually start using Nearby for useful stuff , it 's just another way to get hit with ads .
The New Orleans Saints ' defense now knows who they will face at quarterback in their upcoming week 15 game against the New York Jets . Fox Sports has reported the team has placed starter Josh McCown on injured reserve . Bryce Petty will get the nod in their place .
Petty was drafted out of Baylor by the Jets in the fourth round of the 2015 NFL draft . Ironically , the Saints and Petty were linked in the weeks prior to the draft with many analysts believing New Orleans would make them a mid-round choice . Instead the Saints drafted Colorado 's Garrett Grayson , who spent two seasons with the team before being released , in the third round .
McCown , a 38-year old journeyman , is in their first season with the Jets after signing as a free agent the off-season . They have experienced a career resurgence in New York , throwing for a career-high 2,926 passing yards and 18 passing touchdowns through 13 games .
McCown was injured after taking a big hit from Broncos outside linebacker Shane Ray in the third quarter of Sunday 's game , suffering a broken hand .
Before exiting , McCown completed only 50 percent of their passes for 46 passing yards while throwing one interception . The third-year pro Petty did n't fare much better , as they completed only 2-of-9 passes ( 22.2 percent ) for 14 yards in the 23-0 blowout loss .
This wo n't be Petty 's first start in the NFL as they saw action in four games last season posting a stat line of 75-of-133 passing ( 56.4 percent ) for 809 passing yards , three touchdowns and seven interceptions . Their best game came in a win against the San Francisco 49ers when they completed 65.7 percent of their passes for 257 yards , zero touchdowns , and one interception .
New Orleans enters the contest ranked tenth in the NFL in pass defense , surrendering only 216.8 yards per game . It will be a tough task for Petty to find much success on the road . Losers of two of their last three games , New Orleans will look to be firing on all cylinders and get back on track with a win to maintain their shrinking lead in an ultra-competitive NFC South division .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Saints Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
Members of staff of the Education Authority Salaries Office in Ballymena who hosted a very successful fundraising ‘ Jingle and Mingle ' coffee morning on on Friday , November 24 .
They hosted the morning in conjunction with the Northern Ireland Children 's Hospice Christmas ‘ Jingle all the Way ' Campaign aimed at helping Children 's Hospice to continue to provide their vital service .
The EA employees were delighted to raise a fabulous £800 both from the proceeds of the coffee morning and from taking a tea trolley around the other departments based at County Hall on the outskirts of the town .
Photograph kindly submitted .
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
While many parts of the country have already seen huge snowfalls , Croydon has had much less than most areas , mostly getting a smattering of slush .
But there is a chance the borough could see heavy snow on Monday ( December 11 ) , with snowfall seemingly getting closer by the hour .
Coulsdon-based weather expert Ian Currie told the Advertiser that , as of Monday morning , snow is falling on the North Downs , and expects to see at least some snowfall later in the day .
The 67-year-old old , who is also the editor of Weather Eye magazine , said : “ It 's currently snowing on the North Downs but it is only raining in Croydon at the moment . We will see some snow today but most of it will be on the North Downs .
“ On the highest parts of Croydon it 's snowing and it will continue to snow for the most of the day . It 's snowing on the highest parts of the North Downs but Croydon is nearer to London and it 's not quite cold enough to snow .
“ On some high parts of the borough there is snow out in Kenley and Warlingham and snow is beginning to build up a bit . But it 's failing to do so in the town centre and to the north of the borough .
“ Yesterday was very interesting as it was much warmer and it did n't snow . There was even little snow on the highest parts of Croydon which was surprising .
“ Today is a different type of situation and there is a possibility there might be a little snowfall later . ”
( Image : David Berman )
On Sunday evening ( December 10 ) , the Met Office said Croydon could face as much as six hours of snow on Monday .
According to a forecast issued on Monday morning , temperatures are set to fall to just one or two degrees , although when wind chill is taken into account , it will feel like -4 or -5C .
In response to the forecast , Croydon Council has gritted or is starting to lay salt on approximately 30 % of the borough 's roads , amounting to 240km of road .
( Image : Lou Higgins )
These roads are specifically chosen to be treated as they are some of the busiest in the borough .
Roads such as Old Lodge Lane , in Purley and Kenley , Addington Road , in Selsdon , and High Street , in the town centre , have been treated .
Salt is spread at 10 grams per square metre for a frost warning , while up to 40 grams per square metre for a snow warning , with salting normally starting at either 5am or 7pm .
The council , which has 3,549 tonnes of salt to use this winter , has said that if the forecast indicates prolonged bad weather , street cleaning and grounds maintenance staff from parks can be called upon to help with manual snow clearance and salting of the pavements , normally done on a preventative basis for priority areas such as the town centre and around train stations .
Mr Currie expects temperatures to rise again later this week , and is n't anticipating there to be snowfall on or around Christmas this year .
They said : “ It will be frosty tonight and is expected to be frosty and dry tomorrow and then milder later in the week . It will be a little cold on Thursday and Friday but then it will turn milder .
“ By Monday and Tuesday next week it will be much milder so this could be the last cold spell , apart from a touch of frost on Saturday .
“ At the moment it does n't look like there will be a white Christmas . ”
The council also has 577 salt bins that are located around the borough , allowing drivers and pedestrians to put down salt if needed .
Motorists are being urged to avoid driving where possible , and those making journeys are being told to take additional care in the wintry conditions .
For a full list of the roads which are gritted in Croydon click here .
Federal transportation investigators have identified sections of the Florida International University bridge for closer examination and moved them to a secure location .
As they try to determine why a 950-ton span collapsed suddenly on Thursday , killing six people , investigators will likely pull plugs of concrete from the sections to determine whether they meet safety standards and design criteria , National Transportation Safety Board spokesperson Christopher O'Neil said . While some bridges are reconstructed following failures , O'Neil said the FIU construction made it impractical to rebuild .
“ We 'll really look at specific items key to understanding the design and integrity to see what might have failed , ” they said .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
On Saturday , five days before it collapsed , workers moved this 950-ton , 174-foot span into place . NTSB investigators said Monday they have secured sections of the collapsed bridge to examine more closely . The bridge 's construction makes it impractical to reconstruct any part of it , which sometimes occurs in bridge investigations . Pedro Portal pportal @ miamiherald.com
In the coming days , investigators will also interview all the players involved , from construction workers to engineers to those whose job was to decide to keep traffic flowing while workers adjusted cables , which could help clarify an escalating blame game between state and local officials .
Monday evening , Gov . Rick Scott posted a tweet saying they had ordered the Florida Department of Transportation to suspend federal payments for the bridge .
“ Also just had a great talk with @ SecElaineChao , who told me @ USDOT inspector general is performing an audit on this tragedy to find answers , ” they said .
Today , I directed @ MyFDOT to suspend federal payments for the collapsed FIU bridge ( https : //t.co/wSIHVMPV9C ) . Also just had a great talk with @ SecElaineChao , who told me @ USDOT inspector general is performing an audit on this tragedy to find answers . pic.twitter.com/FQi28bvkXg — Rick Scott ( @ FLGovScott ) March 19 , 2018
The cutting-edge bridge , pitched by its creators as a signature addition to the campus and meant to highlight the university 's own “ instant bridge ” rapid construction program , would have spanned eight lanes of traffic over Southwest Eight Street and the nearby C-4 canal . It was intended to connect the university to housing and help revive Sweetwater 's flagging downtown .
A rendering of the completed bridge shows a unique design more commonly found in Europe but less used in the U.S. Florida International University
The 174-foot span was constructed alongside the road and hoisted into place a week ago Saturday . But after cracks appeared , chief engineer Denny Pate called a Florida Department of Transportation official the following Tuesday to alert them to the need for repairs . “ From a safety perspective we do n't see that there 's any issue , ” they said in a message that was not discovered until Friday .
Just hours before the collapse , a meeting was called , but it 's not clear if cracking was discussed . An FDOT official at the meeting said no safety issues were brought up and no requests made to close the road .
Since the collapse , local and state officials have struggled to shift blame , with the FDOT issuing a rare Friday night statement about the missed message and insisting the state 's role was limited .
While what kind of work they were doing before the bridge came down — and the precise sequence of events — remain unclear , NTSB investigator Robert Accetta confirmed last week that workers were adjusting tensioning cables , the network of thick steel cables that act like tendons to strengthen concrete .
NTSB investigators say this rendering of the bridge 's design is among the items they are reviewing to determine what caused it to collapse suddenly on Thursday , killing six people . National Transportation Safety Board
They 'll also take a closer look at the bridge 's design and how it was constructed . The design , according to specs submitted by designers to FIU , includes two spans attached to a towering center pier with “ stay cable ” pipes radiating out , attached to the bridge 's canopy and intended to provide stiffness but not structural support . The span included the web of post-tensioning cables for strength , while a center row of concrete trusses and canopy was supposed to be compressed with high-strength steel cable and bars , according to design documents .
Such designs are more common in Europe than in the United States , O'Neil said .
“ We have experience in bridge accidents , but have n't investigated this type , ” they said .
The accelerated construction used to erect the bridge will also be part of the review , they said .
“ It all goes hand in hand , ” they said . “ The design of the bridge lends itself to this type of construction . ”
Kathleen Purvis ( left ) and Amy Rogers got together for latke lessons . Before you tackle this year 's Hannukah favorite , let Rogers give you a little advice . Diedra Laird dlaird @ charlotteobserver.com
Image copyright PA
Children 's author Sir Michael Morpurgo has spoken of their battle with cancer .
The renowned former children 's laureate , now 74 , had radiotherapy last year to treat cancer of the larynx .
They said they had `` excellent prospects for a full recovery '' and their voice was finding `` new strength '' .
Sir Michael 's most famous book , War Horse , about a young boy 's attempts to save their horse during the First World War , has been successfully adapted for film and the stage .
They had cancelled several public appearances in September due to ill-health but the nature of their illness had not been known .
In an article for this week 's Spectator magazine , Sir Michael said : `` By 74 it is easy to feel that you have seen it all , done it all , that nothing much surprises you any more .
`` Even an unwelcome medical diagnosis does not surprise you . You cope because you have to . You know it 's what happens to us all . ''
Reflecting that many suffer illness earlier in life , they added : `` I 've been a lucky old parrot '' .
'Fortunate '
They spoke of how they kept themselves distracted during their treatment at London 's Royal Marsden , saying that `` besides Marie Currie , '' they thought of their children , grandchildren and great-grandchild - as well as the young people they taught during 10 years as teacher .
`` They were all the hope I needed , lying there in that hospital being healed . It was n't only the radiotherapy doing the healing . It was the memories of those children too .
`` They helped me through , helped me to keep hoping , keep believing . They still do , every day , '' Sir Michael said .
They described how their perspective changed when `` suddenly the disease became central to my life at home , and to my work .
`` It had to be confronted , dealt with , both surgically and psychologically . ''
But they said they now has time to reflect on `` how fortunate I have been . ''
Milwaukee Brewers ' Lorenzo Cain 6 ) celebrates as the crosses the plate after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Kansas City , Mo .
Okada riders attack , injure VIO officer in Abuja
Suspected commercial motorcycle operators have attacked a Vehicle Inspection Office ( VIO ) personnel in Abuja . Spokesman of the agency , Mr Kalu Emetu , disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) in Abuja on Tuesday . Emetu identified the victim as Mr Abubarkar Eyge . They said the incident occurred at the Area 1 roundabout in the Garki [ … ]
The post Okada riders attack , injure VIO officer in Abuja appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
g stockstudio/ShutterstockIf you were wondering , yes , you 're supposed to wash gym clothes after every wear , and generally speaking the same goes for all that ultra-comfy athleisure you 're practically living in , too . If you 're wondering why , it 's because the synthetic materials that lend the stretchy , body-conforming qualities we love are basically petri dishes after they 're exposed to sweat and naturally occurring bacteria found on our bodies and in the air . Gym clothes are n't inexpensive , though , and the way we wash our leggings , tanks , and other fitness gear can make or break the longevity of our athleisure pieces . ( By the way , here 's how to find fitness gear that flatters . )
“ Many of these fabrics offer wicking , antimicrobial , four-way stretch , breathability , and compression , ” explains Victoria Vandagriff , president of the new women 's active collection from Splendid called Studio . “ The biggest issue is that many people do n't know that you should n't wash active apparel and athleisure with fabric softener because it removes the moisture-wicking properties . ”
If you 're investing big bucks in premium gym clothes and athleisure , it makes sense to preserve the features you 're paying for . While fabric softener is one of the big laundry demons to steer clear of ( you can try these other fabulous uses for fabric softener if you 've got extra hanging around ) , athleisure clothes also require a very specific laundry cycle .
“ Many people swear by the use of steam cycles or high temperature wash cycles to combat the odor build-up on athleisure wear , but this can decrease the life of your clothes , ” says Shannon Lenox , in-house scientist at Seventh Generation . “ We encourage washing all of your clothing in cold water . ”
Cold water preserves elastic and stretch-type synthetic fabrics , but Shannon also says it 's great for conserving energy , a side benefit you might not have expected . ( You should also check out these easy ways to slash your winter energy bills . )
“ By combining loads and washing all of your athleisure wear together you can minimize your use of hot water cycles.What happens over time is the elastic qualities of athleisure fabrics decrease , which may be caused by over-washing or drying in conditions that are too aggressive high temperatures . ”
As for the dryer ? You should skip that too . The experts agree that cool or moderate washing cycles followed by air drying are ideal for keeping your athleisure in great shape for many , many workouts ( or non-workouts , we 're not judging ) . Find out even more laundry mistakes you need to avoid making .
LEICESTER , England — Swansea climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw Saturday at Leicester , which was again missing midfielder Riyad Mahrez .
All the pre-match talk was about the Algerian , who has not been seen by the club since their proposed move to Manchester City collapsed on Wednesday .
Mahrez unexpectedly missed the defeat at Everton that night and has not been at training , although their absence Saturday was anticipated as Leicester boss Claude Puel allowed the former PFA Player of the year time to “ clear their head . ”
It looked like they might not be missed as Leicester played some lovely football during the first half and took the lead after 17 minutes through Jamie Vardy .
However , after Federico Fernandez headed Swansea level in the 53rd , Leicester lacked the guile and craft so often provided by Mahrez to respond and had to settle for a point .
Swansea 's Leroy Fer went off injured in the 36th .
Leicester stayed eighth .
——
AP Premier League coverage : http : //www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
Oakland Raiders coach Jon Gruden , center left , talks with quarterback Derek Carr 4 ) and offensive players at the NFL football team 's facility in Alameda , Calif. , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 .
AUSTIN , Texas — As the U.S. Supreme Court began oral arguments Tuesday in the latest chapter of Texas ' protracted redistricting battle , Democratic State Rep. Rafael Anchía says the problem should be obvious to anyone who looks at a map of three state House districts in Dallas County .
`` One looks like a snake that ate a rabbit or a rat and the other a lion with a fluffy tail , '' Anchía , who represents a western part of Dallas County , told NBC News . `` Those two districts are illegal . ''
Latinos were packed into those two districts to reduce the number of Latino voters in a third adjacent district , affecting who could get elected in that district , they said .
`` They really do n't pass the eye test , '' Anchía said . `` It 's obvious they have been gerrymandered . ''
This Texas House district is one of nine state legislative districts and two congressional districts that have been at the center of the state 's redistricting battle which the U.S. Supreme Court was to take up on April 24 , 2018 . Texas Legislature
Attempts to challenge Texas ' electoral maps date to 2011 and center on districts that were drawn based on the 2010 census . In court documents , the challengers — individuals , civil rights and activist groups and black and Hispanic lawmakers — have alleged that the Republican-controlled Legislature drew the maps to dilute black and Latino votes .
The entire issue has been bogged down in courts so long that the state 's Latino population has grown by at least 1.5 million since it all started .
In this latest court action , the state wants the U.S. Supreme Court to leave in place two congressional districts and nine House districts — including the ones with the fluffy lion 's tail and the bloated snake .
This Texas House district is one of nine state legislative districts and two congressional districts that have been at the center of the state 's redistricting battle which the U.S. Supreme Court was to take up on April 24 , 2018 . Texas Legislature
A lower court declared those districts unconstitutional and in violation of the Voting Rights Act .
But the state 's attorney general , Ken Paxton , has argued that because the 11 districts now in dispute were part of a court-drawn redistricting map the state was forced to adopt in 2012 , they should be allowed to stand .
`` In 2012 , at the Supreme Court 's direction , the federal district court in San Antonio drew the redistricting maps . Those maps were adopted by the Legislature in 2013 and used in the last three election cycles , '' Paxton said in a February statement .
“ Now we are seeing yet another attempt by unelected federal judges to override the judgment of Texas voters . The lower court 's decisions to invalidate parts of the maps it drew and adopted defy law and logic and can not be sustained , ” they said .
Paxton 's office did not respond to a phone call from NBC News requesting comment on Tuesday .
But José Garza , attorney for the Texas Legislature 's Mexican American Legislative Caucus , said that , in fact , the 11 districts were drawn by the Republican-led state Legislature . They ended up in the court-drawn maps that were supposed to be temporary . The court that drew them gave the Legislature time to draw new maps . Instead , the Legislature adopted the court-drawn maps , leaving in place the districts now in dispute .
Since then , more evidence has been submitted to show that the lines in the 11 districts are discriminatory .
By trying to keep those districts in place , Garza contends that the state is trying to shield from public scrutiny “ its deeds in drawing these districts . ”
The 11 districts include a state House district on Texas ' coast that was redrawn so the Latino Republican who represented it no longer lived in the district and could not be a candidate there ; a white Republican now represents the district , Garza said .
FILE - In this Feb. 26 , 2014 , file photo , an election official checks a voter 's photo identification at an early voting polling site in Austin , Texas . A judge has ruled for a second time that Texas ' strict voter ID law was intentionally crafted to discriminate against minorities . ( AP Photo/Eric Gay , File ) Eric Gay / AP
In a Central Texas district , the Legislature “ drew a line straight through the minority community , ” so that there was not a majority-minority coalition district . The incumbent at the time , who is white , acknowledged in court testimony that the community was split , in part because if it had been kept whole “ it would have probably got me unelected , ” according to a court document .
The opponents of the state 's redistricting plan say it is part of a larger environment of hostility toward the state 's growing Latino population and an attempt to cap its influence .
`` While redistricting is what we are dealing with , '' Anchía said of the Supreme Court case , `` there is an entire environment of discrimination we are dealing with in Texas . ''
They named , along with the redistricting , the state 's voter ID law , which a judge has declared to be designed to discriminate ; a judge 's ruling recently that Texas ' voter registration process violates the National Voting Rights Act ; and an attempt by the state to adopt a textbook that was seen as racist against Mexican-Americans and blacks .
“ We have to see all of these things as not siloed , but intentionally discriminated against Latinos and African-Americans , ” Anchía said .
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK , TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM .
The Office of Undergraduate Admissions will be hosting hundreds of newly admitted students and their families to campus today , February 2 . Show off your best Texas Tech pride and West Texas hospitality to these newest members of the Red Raider family as they explore our campus . If you have any questions about the event , please contact the Visitors Center at 806.742.1299 .
NEW DELHI : All of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in India are illegal immigrants , even those registered with the UN refugee agency , and the government aims to deport them , a senior government official told Reuters .
Junior Interior Minister Kiren Rijiju told Parliament last week the central government had directed state authorities to identify and deport illegal immigrants including Rohingya , who face persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar .
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) has issued identity cards to about 16,500 Rohingya in India that it says help them “ prevent harassment , arbitrary arrests , detention and deportation . ”
But Rijiju , a high-profile minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Hindu nationalist government , said in an interview on the weekend that the UNHCR registration was irrelevant .
“ They are doing it , we ca n't stop them from registering . But we are not signatory to the accord on refugees , ” they said .
“ As far as we are concerned they are all illegal immigrants They have no basis to live here . Anybody who is illegal migrant will be deported . ”
The UNHCR 's India office said on Monday the principle of non-refoulement — or not sending back refugees to a place where they face danger — was considered part of customary international law and binding on all states whether they have signed the Refugee Convention or not .
The office said it had not received any official word about a plan to deport Rohingya refugees , and had not got any reports deportations were taking place .
The treatment of the roughly one million Rohingyas in Myanmar has emerged as its most contentious human rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule .
The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and classified as illegal immigrants , despite claiming roots there that go back centuries , with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence .
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled from Myanmar , with many taking refuges in Bangladesh , and some then crossing a porous border into Hindu-majority India .
Many have also headed to Southeast Asia , often on rickety boats run by people-smuggling gangs .
Rohingya are generally vilified in India and over the past few months , there has been a string of anti-Rohingya protests .
Rijiju declined to comment on the deportation process , even as some human rights activists question the practicality of rounding up and expelling thousands of people scattered across the country .
“ There 's a procedure , there is a rule of law , ” Rijiju said .
“ We ca n't throw them out just like that . We ca n't dump them in the Bay of Bengal . ”
India said on Friday it was in talks with Bangladesh and Myanmar about the deportation plan .
But deportation is likely to be difficult , given Myanmar 's position that all Rohingya need to be scrutinized before they can be allowed back in as citizens .
Myanmar officials were not immediately available for comment .
A senior government official in Bangladesh , which has complained of being burdened by the heavy flow of refugees , has said India was helping it solve the crisis .
More than 75,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Oct. 9 after an insurgent group attacked Myanmar border police posts , prompting a security crackdown in which troops have been accused of murder and rape of Rohingya civilians .
NEW DELHI : All of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in India are illegal immigrants , even those registered with the UN refugee agency , and the government aims to deport them , a senior government official told Reuters .
Junior Interior Minister Kiren Rijiju told Parliament last week the central government had directed state authorities to identify and deport illegal immigrants including Rohingya , who face persecution in Buddhist-majority Myanmar .
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) has issued identity cards to about 16,500 Rohingya in India that it says help them “ prevent harassment , arbitrary arrests , detention and deportation . ”
But Rijiju , a high-profile minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Hindu nationalist government , said in an interview on the weekend that the UNHCR registration was irrelevant .
“ They are doing it , we ca n't stop them from registering . But we are not signatory to the accord on refugees , ” they said .
“ As far as we are concerned they are all illegal immigrants They have no basis to live here . Anybody who is illegal migrant will be deported . ”
The UNHCR 's India office said on Monday the principle of non-refoulement — or not sending back refugees to a place where they face danger — was considered part of customary international law and binding on all states whether they have signed the Refugee Convention or not .
The office said it had not received any official word about a plan to deport Rohingya refugees , and had not got any reports deportations were taking place .
The treatment of the roughly one million Rohingyas in Myanmar has emerged as its most contentious human rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule .
The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and classified as illegal immigrants , despite claiming roots there that go back centuries , with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence .
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled from Myanmar , with many taking refuges in Bangladesh , and some then crossing a porous border into Hindu-majority India .
Many have also headed to Southeast Asia , often on rickety boats run by people-smuggling gangs .
Rohingya are generally vilified in India and over the past few months , there has been a string of anti-Rohingya protests .
Rijiju declined to comment on the deportation process , even as some human rights activists question the practicality of rounding up and expelling thousands of people scattered across the country .
“ There 's a procedure , there is a rule of law , ” Rijiju said .
“ We ca n't throw them out just like that . We ca n't dump them in the Bay of Bengal . ”
India said on Friday it was in talks with Bangladesh and Myanmar about the deportation plan .
But deportation is likely to be difficult , given Myanmar 's position that all Rohingya need to be scrutinized before they can be allowed back in as citizens .
Myanmar officials were not immediately available for comment .
A senior government official in Bangladesh , which has complained of being burdened by the heavy flow of refugees , has said India was helping it solve the crisis .
More than 75,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Oct. 9 after an insurgent group attacked Myanmar border police posts , prompting a security crackdown in which troops have been accused of murder and rape of Rohingya civilians .
Odunlade Adekola refutes 5th death rumour
Popular Yoruba actor , Odunlade Adekola , who is renowned for their comic roles , has refuted a fifth death rumour currently being peddled in a new Instagram video . Obviously upset about the speculation which they described as malicious , the 38-year-old film star resorted to cursing those behind the rumour in a funny manner . They started the …
The post Odunlade Adekola refutes 5th death rumour appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Princes Regeneration Trust Image caption The former Victorian asylum closed in 1995
A former Victorian asylum is to be redeveloped by Denbighshire contractors Jones Bro in partnership with the North Wales Building Preservation Trust .
They plan to redevelop the site of North Wales Hospital in Denbigh for flats and 200 homes , while protecting the Grade II-listed building .
It has been the scene of numerous fires and vandalism since it closed in 1995 .
Last year , Denbighshire council said part of the hospital would have to be demolished due to fire damage .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Aerial images of fire-ravaged Denbighshire hospital
Denbighshire council is still in the process of buying the building through a compulsory purchase order ( CPO ) , which is expected to conclude by the end of the year .
The current owner , Freemont ( Denbigh ) Ltd , had previously opposed the compulsory purchase and the dispute was subject to a public inquiry .
Following a long battle , Denbighshire council won the right to buy it , and plans were approved in 2016 to preserve the building and convert it into 34 apartments and build 200 homes on the site .
Denbighshire council leader Hugh Evans said : `` This a significant milestone in the history of the former North Wales Hospital site .
`` We have made a firm commitment from day one to protect this historic Grade II-listed building .
`` The council has spent a significant amount of time , effort and money over the years , to protect the site from further dereliction , such is the importance of the site . ''
A spokesperson for North Wales Building Preservation Trust and Jones Bros Civil Engineering UK said : `` Our first step will be to conduct site investigations to improve our understanding of the site , and perform initial steps to make the site more secure . ''
`` The findings will help us to finalise a development plan and planning application for the site . ''
So Hilarious ! Binge Watch the Full Season 1 of Nigerian Filmmaker Fum Fum Ko 's Series “ Nneka the Uber Driver ”
BellaNaija
We love finding new and exciting video content to share with our BNers and today , we 're sharing the full first season of hit series “ Nneka the Uber Driver “ . The hilarious comedy series follows Nneka ( played by Nikki Ease ) , a recent Harvard graduate and …
and more »
See Nigerians reactions as CCT clears Saraki of false asset declaration charges
This morning , the Code of Conduct Tribunal ( CCT ) dismissed the charges of false asset declaration against Senate President , Bukola Saraki . Chairman of the tribunal , Danladi Umar , in their ruling said the prosecution team had failed to provide sufficient evidence to prove that Saraki was indeed guilty of false asset declaration . With this , Nigerians took to …
The post See Nigerians reactions as CCT clears Saraki of false asset declaration charges appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It 's that time of year again , the city of Chicago is filling in all the potholes that were created during the winter season .
The city will fill any pothole for you…if you report it . Do n't think ‘ oh someone else will make sure it 's taken care of ' . If everyone thinks that way , nothing will ever get done !
Report the potholes you know need to be filled HERE .
Now if your vehicle was damaged from a pothole , you can file a claim and get repair reimbursement HERE .
BAGHDAD : Iraqi officials said Monday that preparations have been made for the battle to retake Tal Afar , a town held by Daesh between Mosul and the Syrian border .
Federal police chief Lt. Gen. Raed Shakir Jawdat said in a statement that “ armored and elite units are headed for Tal Afar , ” the main remaining stronghold of Daesh in northern Iraq .
The town is located 70 km west of Mosul , where the terror group declared its “ caliphate ” in 2014 before being ousted from the city in July .
The units , whose number has not been specified , were “ regrouping in combat positions in preparation for the next battle , said the statement .
Joining them is the Hashed Al-Shaabi , a Shiite-dominated coalition of paramilitary units deployed since 2014 to halt the terrorist advance .
“ Hashed Al-Shaabi commanders met on Saturday with army and police commanders to decide on the plan to free Tal Afar , ” spokesperson Ahmed Assadi told reporters .
The coalition , which includes Iran-backed militias , would take part “ actively and on all fronts ” in the battle for Tal Afar to be launched within days , they said .
Assadi did not give a date for the launch and said that only Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi could announce the beginning of military operations .
Daesh overran Tal Afar in June 2014 , when it had a population of around 200,000 .
Tal Afar is surrounded by Hashed Al-Shaabi and cut off from Mosul in the east and the Syrian border to the north and west .
The town was a Shiite-majority enclave in the mostly Sunni area with an overwhelming Turkmen population before its capture by Daesh .
The terrorists still hold Hawija , in the province of Kirkuk , 300 km north of Baghdad .
But any military offensive in Hawija is expected to be postponed due to an upcoming planned referendum on Kurdish independence .
Daesh is also still present in the western Iraqi province of Anbar , including the Al-Qaim area on the border with war-ravaged Syria .
BAGHDAD : Iraqi officials said Monday that preparations have been made for the battle to retake Tal Afar , a town held by Daesh between Mosul and the Syrian border .
Federal police chief Lt. Gen. Raed Shakir Jawdat said in a statement that “ armored and elite units are headed for Tal Afar , ” the main remaining stronghold of Daesh in northern Iraq .
The town is located 70 km west of Mosul , where the terror group declared its “ caliphate ” in 2014 before being ousted from the city in July .
The units , whose number has not been specified , were “ regrouping in combat positions in preparation for the next battle , said the statement .
Joining them is the Hashed Al-Shaabi , a Shiite-dominated coalition of paramilitary units deployed since 2014 to halt the terrorist advance .
“ Hashed Al-Shaabi commanders met on Saturday with army and police commanders to decide on the plan to free Tal Afar , ” spokesperson Ahmed Assadi told reporters .
The coalition , which includes Iran-backed militias , would take part “ actively and on all fronts ” in the battle for Tal Afar to be launched within days , they said .
Assadi did not give a date for the launch and said that only Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi could announce the beginning of military operations .
Daesh overran Tal Afar in June 2014 , when it had a population of around 200,000 .
Tal Afar is surrounded by Hashed Al-Shaabi and cut off from Mosul in the east and the Syrian border to the north and west .
The town was a Shiite-majority enclave in the mostly Sunni area with an overwhelming Turkmen population before its capture by Daesh .
The terrorists still hold Hawija , in the province of Kirkuk , 300 km north of Baghdad .
But any military offensive in Hawija is expected to be postponed due to an upcoming planned referendum on Kurdish independence .
Daesh is also still present in the western Iraqi province of Anbar , including the Al-Qaim area on the border with war-ravaged Syria .
Ian Bell ( 82 not out ) and Sam Hain ( 45 not out ) combine for an unbroken partnership of 121 to lead Birmingham Bears to a comfortable eight-wicket victory over Notts Outlaws in their T20 Blast opener at Trent Bridge .
Available to UK users only .
Hey Domain Administrators ! Do you know how SSON Configuration Checker has eased domain-pass through configuration ? Well , if you do n't then this is the right place .
Maybe domain pass-through authentication is a simple concept , but at times it does n't work well , which is mainly due to configuration issues . So , we often end up referring to this support article
Users generally prefer using graphical user interface rather than the command line option . Citrix Receiver for Windows ( v4.5 and later ) provides a utility tool to help you run tests to ensure that the pass-through authentication is configured correctly . The configuration checker is pretty simple to use and gives straightforward information about the configuration .
Introducing the SSON Configuration Checker !
Let 's see how the configuration checker can help you . The configuration checker utility can be accessed from the Advanced Preferences dialog .
Read the entire article here , SSON Configuration Checker for Citrix Receiver for Windows
Via the fine folks at Citrix Systems , Inc .
Today marks World Smokefree Day . Recently , the Health and Māori Affairs select committees said openly that the goal of reaching a smokefree NZ by 2025 was impossible based on current statistics .
The target to lower the percentage of smokers to 5 % by 2025 is looking more like a pipe-dream .
The government has already implemented strategies to lower the smoking rate but it 's just not working .
Henare also says , `` Some of my colleagues say we should raise taxes for cigarettes and we 've done that but our people continue to smoke . ''
The Māori Affairs and Ministry of Health select committees have encouraged the government to pass legislation to make illegal the sale of cigarettes by 2025 .
CEO of Hāpai Te Hauora Lance Howard says , `` Just this morning Minister Salesa announced that an action plan to start addressing the issue of becoming smoke-free . At the moment there 's not a specific action plan out there developed by the government . ''
What strategic plan is in place to accomplish a smokefree NZ by 2025 ?
Howard says , `` There is actually one in place that my organisation and a number of other ones came together collectively to say this is what we actually need to do '' .
With over 8,000 outlets selling cigarettes nationwide , most make more than 50 % of their sales through selling cigarettes .
`` Well the biggest concern is the data , as of today 35 % of all Māori smoke , '' says Howard .
The likelihood of a smokefree New Zealand in seven years is looking less likely without a law change .
Video
The # MeToo movement sparked a debate about abuse in 85 countries , but it 's not taken off in West Africa .
The social media campaign which spoke out against sexual harassment generated about six million tweets since mid-October .
But in countries like Mali , very few women shared their stories of sexual abuse .
BBC Minute 's Arwa Barkallah has been finding out why .
Video journalist : Raïssa Ioussouf
Wayne Rooney is motivated by the high expectations on their shoulders after marking their Everton return with the winning goal against Stoke City .
The former Manchester United striker 's first-half header proved decisive as they celebrated a dream second Premier League debut for the club on Saturday .
Rooney is now determined to deliver their best for their boyhood side , while also proving some doubters wrong .
`` There is a lot of ­expectation , coming back here , '' they said . `` There are some fans who maybe thought I was n't good enough to come back here , but it is up to me to prove myself .
`` I have been working hard and I am ready for that ­challenge to prove myself . I could have gone to another Premier League team and taken my foot off the gas and seen the last few years out . But coming back here ? I have got to be the best I can be .
`` It is the club I grew up supporting , it 's the club I want to play for . I want to do well . I knew when I came back , I was putting a lot of pressure on myself . That is how I like to play . ''
When Rooney burst onto the scene with the Toffees in 2002 , they were a bustling teenager with a potent combination of pace , power and aggression .
Over the course of their United career , during which they became the club 's and their country 's all-time record goalscorer , their game has evolved and the 31-year-old is confident they still have much to offer .
`` Football fans are n't silly , '' they said . `` Everyone knows I 'm not the explosive player who was here when I was 16 to 18 . I think I 'm a lot cleverer than I was back then .
`` My game has changed . Hopefully the change in my game can help the team . ''
Bayern Munich will have to `` open the doors '' for Robert Lewandowski should the Poland international tell them they want to leave for Real Madrid , according to Stefan Effenberg .
Lewandowski has been strongly linked with a move to LaLiga in recent months , signing with renowned agent Pini Zahavi reportedly in order to make the transfer happen .
Bayern have insisted they see no reason to sell Lewandowski and would see such a move as weakening themselves given the Polish striker is among the finest attackers in world football .
But Effenberg , who enjoyed two spells at Bavaria in the 1990s and early 2000s , says they will have to let Lewandowski get their own way if they do tell them they want out .
`` I understand that some other English team is also going for him , '' Effenberg told AS . `` When Robert says they want to leave , the club will have to open the doors .
`` What they want is to win the Champions League and at Bayern they have every chance of doing it . ''
Bavaria host Madrid in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday and Effenberg spoke of their admiration for the Spanish side 's centre-back Sergio Ramos , who they believe has been crucial to their successes in recent years .
`` I would not have liked to face him , '' Effenberg said of Ramos . `` I do not lie when I say that Madrid would not have won so many titles without Ramos .
`` The same goes for [ Toni ] Kroos . Their signing for Madrid helped them to give the final pass to the world 's elite .
`` Ramos , Kroos and Cristiano [ Ronaldo ] form a backbone that , being one hundred percent , will require Bavaria to get the most out of themselves .
`` They [ Madrid players ] are all good . [ Dani ] Carvajal , for example , they already amazed me when I saw them at Leverkusen , but in Madrid even more so . Cristiano is very good , yes , but they have others too . ''
Facebook is making it harder to see what your friends are liking and commenting on right this minute — the ticker feed recently joined Facebook 's list of axed features . A Facebook representative confirmed through a help forum last week that the ticker , which showed friend activity in real time from status updates to likes and comments , was removed after users started asking where the option was .
The ticker is about as old as Facebook 's algorithms that determine what content you see first . The tool launched back in 2011 as a real-time alternative to news feed algorithms . While the feed chooses top stories based on past likes and other data , the ticker showed everything as it happened , including not just status updates but likes and comments on other posts as well .
While Facebook only recently confirmed the feature got the ax , users have been reporting the tool missing for several weeks before that . The platform appeared to either test a ticker-free feed first or may have simply gradually removed the feature .
Facebook 's decision to remove the feature likely was n't on a whim — the platform tested the removal of the real-time tracker in 2013 , creating a panic ( or in some cases , excitement ) when the feature was part of an outage . Facebook returned the feature after the temporary outage .
The removal of the ticker has mixed reactions for Facebook users . Many inside the Facebook help forums are reporting that they used the tool often and liked being able to have both an algorithmic feed and a real-time option . Others have different names for the feature , including “ creeper feed ” because of the tool 's inclusion of not just status updates but all activity on the platform .
Without the ticker , Facebook 's right-hand sidebar on desktop browsers is divided into different sections with Stories at the top , followed by event invited , trending topics , Instant games , and a list of episodes ( if you follow any ) as part of Facebook 's new push for original video content . And of course , some ads .
With only a one-line response inside a help forum confirming that the ticker is no longer available , it is unclear why Facebook decided to remove the feature . Users could previously remove the ticker from their sidebar and then turn it back on again later if they changed their mind .
More than 900 miners were rescued from a gold mine in South Africa after a severe storm knocked out power and stranded them underground overnight , the company which runs the mine said Friday morning .
Power was restored Friday morning and 955 miners who were still trapped in Sibanye-Stillwater 's Beatrix gold mine were safely hoisted to the surface , according to a statement by the company .
The company had managed to restore power to two mine shafts Thursday morning and brought up 272 people from one shaft and 64 from the other , the company said in a statement Friday .
A rescued miner waves from a bus window carrying some of the hundreds of miners rescued Friday morning from the Beatrix gold mine after being trapped underground overnight following a power outage . Gianluigi Guercia / AFP/Getty Images
`` Mine rescue and medical teams were mobilized and due care was taken to ensure employees were safe and had access to food and water , '' the statement said , adding that contingency plans were in place to evacuate the miners in the event that power was not restored .
Sibanye-Stillwater that employees who were trapped underground would receive thorough medical examinations and trauma counselling , together with their families , if needed .
`` This is significant rescue effort and one that all who participated in , can be extremely proud off , and it is a clear demonstration of the competence within the South African mining industry , '' Sibanye-Stillwater CEO Neal Froneman said . `` The actions taken by management and decisions taken resulted in all of our employees returning safely to their families . ''
Related : Robots are replacing humans in the world 's mines . Here 's why .
Mine security officials walk underground at Sibanye Gold 's Masimthembe mine in Westonaria , South Africa on April 3 , 2017 . Mike Hutchings / Reuters file
The National Union of Mineworkers told Reuters early Thursday that the company was using a generator to help rescue workers .
`` The problem is they are rescuing one mineworker at a time . It is very slow . It is worrying , '' NUM spokesperson Livhuwani Mammburu told Reuters . `` Some of our members have chronic conditions and they do n't have medication down there . ''
Related : Trump says they love miners but critics say he 's putting their lives in danger .
The Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union said in a statement on Twitter that it viewed the incident `` as extreme due to the sheer number of workers involved . ''
`` This incident also raises serious concern regarding the lacking emergency contingency plans at the mine for alternative and back-up power generation , '' the statement added .
Well , the final tallies are in in Batman , and it was not good for the Greens . As the preferences came in , Ged Kearney and Labor 's vote went up . Hardly for admirable reasons . With the Liberals out of the race , all the minor troglodytes poured their votes towards Labor : Australian Conservatives , Rise Up , Australian Peoples Party . The final two-party preferred ( 2PP ) tally : around 39,300 to 34,800 . Ouch .
Despite that , Batman is winnable for the Greens in 2019 — as are several inner-city federal seats now being written off afresh . Not likely , by any means , as this correspondent noted before the poll . But absolutely possible and real . Yes , Kearney will almost certainly be a good local member . Yes , the pork will pour into the seat . Yes , they may well be in cabinet . But therein lies the rub . For , as a non-sitting candidate Kearney was able to portray themselves as inside and outside Labor 's compromises . No more . She 's broken through ; now they own it .
With just two weeks to go until the 2018 World Cup , relive David Luiz 's thunderous free-kick against Colombia to win the quarter-final for Brazil in 2014 .
Available to UK users only .
VANCOUVER — The troubled inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls has named a new executive director .
Chief commissioner Marion Buller announced late Friday that former Assembly of First Nations adviser Debbie Reid has taken the job .
Reid is from the Skownan First Nation in Manitoba .
They were a special adviser to Assembly of First Nations National Chief Phil Fontaine when they held the job and has also worked for the federal government .
Buller says Reid has focused their entire career on working on behalf of Indigenous people .
The inquiry has run into troubled waters in recent months with criticism that victims ' families were n't being adequately consulted about the shape of the inquiry .
One of the inquiry 's commissioners and the previous executive director resigned in the wake of the criticism .
There were subsequent calls for a more profound shakeup with one prominent Manitoba First Nations chief even calling for Buller to leave .
The federal government gave the inquiry a budget of about $ 53.8 million and set a deadline for its work to be done by the end of next year .
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center .
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center .
By PAUL ELIAS and JOCELYN GECKERAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - A UPS employee who had recently filed a grievance opened fire Wednesday inside one of the company 's San Francisco packing facilities , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as employees fled frantically into the streets shouting `` shooter ! , '' authorities and witnesses said .
The gunman , Jimmy Lam , filed the grievance in March complaining that they were working excessive overtime , Joseph Cilia , an official with a Teamsters Union local that represents UPS workers in San Francisco , told The Associated Press .
Still , Cilia said Lam was n't angry , and they could not understand why they would open fire on fellow drivers at a morning meeting . Cilium says witnesses told them Lam appeared to specifically go for the drivers who died , chasing at least one of them out of the building .
`` I never knew Jimmy to not get along with people , '' Cilia said . `` Jimmy was n't a big complainer . ''
Two other UPS employees were wounded , but Cilia said both were released from the hospital .
Amid a barrage of gunfire , some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility , while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus , witnesses said .
`` They were screaming , 'Go ! Go ! Go ! ' '' said Jessica Franklin , 30 , who was riding to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility . `` As they got on the bus , they were all ducking . ''
The shooting that prompted a massive police response in one of the city 's industrial neighborhoods , about two miles from downtown San Francisco , Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters .
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee . A San Francisco Police Department official identified Lam and said he 's from San Francisco but had no immediate details on their background .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .
Officials , UPS employees and witnesses described chaos as shots rang out during a morning meeting before drivers were sent on their delivery routes .
Police have not yet released victims ' names but families and friends identified one of the people killed as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti , a UPS driver .
Lefiti 's cousin , Mack Toia , told KGO-TV ( http : //abc7ne.ws/2sch61d ) they were at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when they heard shots . They left their van and saw their cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate , Toia said .
`` The police officers were right on the scene just like that . I got to touch him , but I could n't hug him , '' Toia said . `` They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him . ''
Toia said they were able to tell Lefiti they loved him .
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said they saw Lefiti , known as `` Big Mike , '' as they arrived for work just before 9 a.m. , a few minutes before the shooting started . `` He was a joyful man . Always happy , '' Miggins said .
On social media , heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled them as a warm-spirited man devoted to their children and family . A photo on their Facebook page shows Lefiti in their brown UPS uniform holding a trophy . They also posted photos of their UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015 .
Neighbor Raymond Deng said they heard up to eight gunshots .
`` They were all in rapid succession , '' said Deng , a 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse . `` It was like tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , tat , tat . ''
Police arrived in minutes .
`` This was a frightful scene , '' Chaplin said . They said officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman , who was armed with an `` assault pistol . ''
`` The suspect put the gun to their head and discharged the weapon , '' Chaplin said , adding that police did not fire any shots .
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive and were interviewing families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led the gunman to act .
Mayor Ed Lee condemned the violence and praised authorities for a `` very proactive response . ''
`` It could have been worse , '' they said . `` Lives were saved today . ''
It was not immediately clear how many employees were at the facility , but UPS said the warehouse employs 350 people . The shooter and all the victims were employees , UPS said in a statement .
UPS driver Marvin Calderon told KNTV that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee but did not know them personally .
`` I just started running out like crazy , like I 've never run before , '' Calderon told the TV station .
After the gunfire , auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw `` a mob of UPS drivers '' running down the street screaming `` shooter , shooter . ''
Deng watched from their window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building . They said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help .
`` I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings , '' they said . `` It 's crazy . ''
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia , wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others .
___
AP writers Janie Har , Sudhin Thanawala and Linda Wang in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo contributed reporting from Los Angeles .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
THE funeral has taken place of the late John Nestor , vice-principal of Patrickswell National School , who passed away suddenly last Thursday .
Mr Nestor , the longest-serving teacher at Patrickswell NS , was laid to rest this Monday afternoon in their native Askeaton .
Tributes are being paid to the popular vice-principal , whose sudden death at aged 56 has shocked both communities in which they were deeply involved . Schoolchildren provided a guard of honour for their teacher as the coffin exited the church .
“ He was an extremely popular and well-respected member of the staff - a very genial man altogether , ” said Joe Lyons , INTO spokesperson for Limerick and principal of neighbouring Ballybrown NS .
“ He taught in Patrickswell for about the last 35 years . I think they started around 1982 , they were in Mary I for three years before that . They were synonymous with Patrickswell school , ” said Mr Lyons of their fellow INTO member .
“ He was someone who was the first person into the school in the morning . They knew every person , they knew every child , and they took great interest in them . They were a constant presence in the school , ” added Mr Lyons .
John Nestor was laid to rest today in Reilig Mhuire Cemetery , after Mass in Askeaton 's St Mary 's Church .
Patrickswell GAA club said it was “ saddened ” to learn of their death , and it temporarily suspended all club activity as a mark of respect .
A book of condolences was opened at Patrickswell NS on Friday evening , and locals showed up to share memories of their late teacher .
The school 's blogspot page thanked the “ huge numbers ” of people who signed the book in memory of their “ esteemed colleague ” .
“ I was struck on Friday , with the number of people who came in . There was a very steady stream of people for the entire time the school was open , ” said Mr Lyons .
“ People came in and talked about their memories of John , as a teacher and as a person . They were all very sad , and they all had fond memories of him . They would definitely be well into teaching the second generation without a shadow of a doubt , ” they added .
Late of Ballymore , Askeaton , John is deeply regretted by their sister Angela , brothers Martin and Gerard , sisters-in-law , brother-in-law , nieces , nephews , aunt Helen , grandniece , cousins , relatives and friends .
They will also be greatly missed by pupils and colleagues from Patrickswell National School , including principal Ciaran Crowe , who has taught alongside them for many years .
Getting your face put on a stamp is kind of a big deal .
Heat point guard Goran Dragic found out they had theirs — and those of the Slovenian national basketball team that won the EuroBasket championship this summer — put on a stamp back home in Slovenia thanks to Twitter on Monday .
“ I was surprised of course , ” Dragic said after the morning shootaround at the FedEx Forum . “ I was surprised , but happy at the same time . It means a lot just to see the whole team on that little stamp . It 's great . ”
Dragic , who scored 35 points and earned MVP honors in the team 's win over Serbia , has said repeatedly that he 's now retired from the Slovenian national team . At 31 , some have seriously asked them whether they would like to run for political office or become an ambassador for Slovenia once they retire from the NBA . But do n't expect them to go that route .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
“ I do n't like politics , ” Dragic said .
Dragic said the stamp is valued “ at like one Euro , so that 's around , what , $ 1.20 , something like that . ”
“ For sure , I 'm going to buy one and put it in a little paper and have it for memories , ” Dragic said . “ But it 's awesome , it 's awesome to see that , that the people back home , they appreciate what you did for the country and it 's great . ”
Coach Erik Spoelstra , who jokingly told reporters in Mexico City before Saturday 's win over the Nets that they thought Dragic could run for president in Slovenia because of their popularity back home , was n't surprised to see Dragic and their teammates honored on a national stamp .
“ He could be the head of the basketball federation there , ” said Spoelstra , who visited Dragic over the summer in Slovenia . “ I do n't know if they want to get into politics , but it speaks to what a great guy they are and what people think about him . They do n't have to explain who they are or what they stand for or their character . They embody it . It 's the perfect example you try to show young pro guys in this league . If you follow that example you 'll have a lot of opportunities in life . ”
In a time when most of the designers decided to “ free the nipple ” Phoebe Philo brought powerful spring collection full of androgynous designs . The venue choice was pretty unexpected . The designer placed a giant bubble tent inside the Tennis Club de Paris . The tent was full of wooden benches and comfy blankets on the top . The atmosphere was a true treat for the professional class women who came to see the latest Céline offerings . Relaxing , yet chic the setting at the venue perfectly complimented the office-approved designs . The soundtrack took things to another level . Mary J Blige 's “ You 're all I need ” played in the background while the audience got a feeling that Philo 's designs are all they need for the upcoming spring .
Phoebe Philo was obsessed with the Céline 1970s woman lately . They looked at advertisements from that period and recalled why they came to work for Céline at first place . The designer admired the Ave Foch lady and that 's one of the reasons they became the creative designer of Céline . So the silhouettes were inspired by the ‘ 70s , but the positive vibe in the collection came from the ‘ 80s . Philo sensed the freedom and optimism the designers had in the ‘ 80s and wanted to bring that vibe in their spring 2018 offerings for Céline .
“ I wanted it to look optimistic . It felt personal to me . I felt like celebration . If there is anything to say at the moment , let it be with love . Let it be joyful . I could n't think of anything else to talk about other than something that felt joy , ” the designer explained .
Phoebe Philo presented an optimistic collection . Karl Lagerfeld for Chanel and Pierpaolo Piccioli for Valentino also opted for positivity on the runway this season . After the fall political-themed collections we saw back in February , it was about the time designers to show some optimistic designs . After all , fashion should make us feel better .
The Céline Spring 2018 collection was a dream come true for the working women . Power suits with loose silhouettes , asymmetrically pleated skirts , and overall comfortable clothes . The trench coats were among the highlights of the collection . Phoebe Philo went above fashion with the spring trench coats . These are probably the most practical coats you could get . The designer added another layer over the base so you could protect your bag from the rain.The idea came from the designer 's personal struggle to cover their bag under the sleeve when is raining outside . For the businesswomen who carry giant bags all the time , this is a lifesaving feature .
The Céline Spring 2018 Collection is more than fashion . The collection offers timeless pieces that will carry you effortlessly through your work days all while looking extra chic .
Photo Credit : Monica Feudi / Indigital.tv
Video
as leader of the Green Party leadership . Here 's four times they hit the headlines .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
“ Some people have asked me if I 'm worried about getting death threats for exposing how the Russian mafia works , ” James Norton says casually over dinner . “ That would be nothing new . Playing Tommy Lee Royce , I 'd get death threats buying milk in my local shop . ”
Advertisement
Happy Valley 's dangerous psychopath has been one of Britain 's favourite baddies of the past few years , so it 's exciting to imagine Norton , 32 , suiting up to play Alex Godman – the British-raised son of Russian mafia exiles who is dragged into the criminal underworld .
Godman is the complicated hero of McMafia , the BBC 's big-budget crime drama that started on New Year 's Day , starring Norton and Juliet Rylance alongside a host of Russian , Israeli and Serbian actors playing mob bosses from their home territories .
It 's based on journalist Misha Glenny 's 2008 book of that name – a forensic account of how the end of the Cold War produced a trans-national criminal class that effectively franchised out its cigarette , drugs and people smuggling businesses . That illegal trade may account for up to 15 per cent of the world 's GDP . ( Hence the title – nothing to do with the Scots and all to do with the franchise model . )
The TV drama , on the other hand , is a brooding international thriller that blends The Night Manager 's stylish globetrotting with The Sopranos ' take on family values . “ We took the book as a backdrop , ” explains the show 's co-creator , Hossein Amini , who was nominated for an Oscar for their screenplay for The Wings of a Dove and whose other credits include the films Drive and Snow White and the Huntsman . “ For Alex Godman I mixed in a little of my background – I came to London as an Iranian just after the revolution – and a bit of Michael Corleone in The Godfather… the innocent trying to escape their family 's past . ”
Norton 's character Godman is living a decent life in London , running an ethical hedge fund and hoping to marry their girlfriend , Rebecca ( played by Rylance ) , until Vadim , a Russian oligarch , arrives in town dealing out murder . The plot echoes the deaths of exiled tycoons such as Boris Berezovsky ( a business person and opponent of Putin 's who was found dead at their home in Berkshire – the inquest recorded an open verdict ) and Arkadi Patarkatsishvili ( a Georgian billionaire whose death from a heart attack was surrounded by rumours that he 'd been assassinated ) . Godman is drawn further and further into their family 's dark past and soon finds , to their surprise , that he 's pretty good at it .
“ The thing about Alex is , he 's neither a villain nor a hero , ” Norton explains , sitting outside a hotel in Croatia as the evening draws slowly in . The country doubles for everything from Tel Aviv to the south of France , and he 's been here filming for a few months . They are working harder than they expected , and having dinner with Israeli , Russian and Brazilian actors – “ We 're muddling our way through slightly confused conversations ” . It 's their day off today , so he 's having one small glass of beer . It 's the kind of control you 'd expect from Godman – whose calm smile and cold eyes mean even their uncle ca n't understand what he 's thinking .
“ Alex is trying to do the right thing , but he 's being screwed up and twisted and turned and they get into this spiralling mess , ” Norton says . “ He 's not really in full control of each choice . You identify with him , you want them to succeed , you want them to survive – but then the darkness starts to take hold . He 's complicated . ”
Researching the role had a huge effect on Norton . “ There 's something about the mafia that is quite compelling – it 's an anarchic , subversive world , with money and fast cars and yachts and beautiful women and all that stuff , ” they say . “ But we also tell the story of the cost – like human trafficking and drug dealing and junkies in Mumbai . I was aware that there are components in my smartphone that are unethically sourced , but I did n't know how deeply criminals are involved . All our lives are in some way affected by this corruption – the food , the petrol , the minerals in your phone mined by children in the Third World – even if you are n't aware of it. ” They pause . “ But I 've still used my phone every single day , which is probably not a great example to set . ”
If the role has had a personal impact on him , it 's going to have greater repercussions for their career . The former Cambridge theology student , born in London and raised in Yorkshire , has had a range of roles since they waltzed on to the small screen as Henry Alveston in Death Comes to Pemberley in 2013 . The next year , Sally Wainwright picked them to play Tommy Lee Royce , the dark villain to Sarah Lancashire 's troubled cop Catherine Cawood in Happy Valley . The role of crime-solving vicar Sidney Chambers in ITV 's Grantchester came shortly after . Norton has popped up since in War & Peace , Flatliners and Black Mirror .
“ I did n't have long between Grantchester and McMafia , ” they say . “ We finished Grantchester only a couple of weeks before I started McMafia in January 2017 . I was mixing thoughts about my sermon with books on the mafia . ”
Surprisingly , they say the theology degree helped with both roles . “ I enjoy chewing over the big questions of what it is to be , and to live . Both Granchester and McMafia are about that – about the inner wranglings of each man . Although Alex is cooler and more anguished . ”
With McMafia already picked up in the US by cable network AMC and showing in almost 200 other territories , Norton already has Hollywood knocking at their door . “ Actually , Happy Valley started it , ” they say . “ It 's on Netflix and it 's become a cult hit in the US .
“ McMafia feels so relevant – it feels as if the world wants to look behind the curtains of what 's going on in America and Russia . Selfishly , it feels a step up . The budget we have , an Oscar-nominated writer , all the talent… It 's terrifying in a way because there 's nowhere to hide . ”
The series certainly does nothing to dispel the rumours that he 's being lined up to play James Bond after Daniel Craig . Norton 's opening scene even had them sweeping up to the V & A in a tux and tie .
“ I did say to James Watkins , the director , are you just baiting me and stoking the rumour fire with scenes like that ? ” They laugh . “ When it 's reported in the press , people assume that I 've co-ordinated the scene , but I promise you I did n't . The truth is that it 's total speculation . It 's really humbling and flattering , but to have my name [ talked up for Bond ] next to the likes of Tom Hardy and Michael Fassbender is just mad . If you 're thinking of putting a bet on me , keep your money in your pocket . ”
And then he 's off to spend time with one of the artists with a cameo role in a Tel Aviv nightclub scene – their father , Hugh , who has appeared in all of Norton 's TV series and is gathering their own following .
Advertisement
“ I 'm trying to encourage them to do less of it – The One Show did a piece on them and my publicist was like , ‘ Enough is enough – you 've got to stop ! ' ” They laugh as they pay the bill . “ But my parents are both retired . They came to Croatia for four days and this time he 's playing a sugar daddy in a Tel Aviv gay bar . They have a suit and a cravat and is flirting with these young boys… It 's very funny . For the first time they are n't an extra ; they were a featured artist so they were on the call sheet – which is probably framed at home by now . ”
FILE - In this Sept. 26 , 2017 file photo , downed power lines and debris are seen in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Yabucoa , Puerto Rico . Exactly six months after being hit by the hurricane the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century . Gerald Herbert , File AP Photo
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) — One of the world 's oldest gorillas has died at San Diego Zoo Safari Park .
The park says Vila , who turned 60 in October , died Thursday surrounded by members of their family troop .
Authorities say they were the matriarch of five generations of gorillas and during their life served as a surrogate mother for several western lowland gorillas .
Gorillas typically live to be 35 or 40 . They are considered critically endangered because of disease , hunting , war and habitat loss .
Vila had arthritis and other health conditions related to their age and had been under veterinary care .
They were born in the African Congo in 1957 . They came to the zoo in 1959 and was moved to Safari Park in 1975 .
HOUSTON - Authorities are searching for Deyonta Dwayne Dennis after they said they killed their ex-girlfriend 's pet lizard last month .
Harris County authorities said Dennis tortured and killed the bearded dragon on April 1 .
Authorities said Dennis , 29 , locked their then-girlfriend out of their apartment in the 12700 block of Stafford Road and killed their pet lizard .
Dennis ' ex told investigators that they had threatened to harm the lizard on multiple occasions , officials said .
The lizard 's body was found the following day . It had a broken leg , broken jaw and broken spine , authorities said .
Dennis is facing felony animal cruelty charges .
Anyone who knows where Dennis is located is asked to contact Precinct 5 at 281-463-6666 or let them know through its online crime tips webpage .
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Shutterstock
Mark Zuckerberg 's congressional testimony notwithstanding , their company , Facebook continues to face public pressure to come clean regarding its private practices regarding personal data storage in light of the ongoing Cambridge Analytica scandal . This is especially the case now that whistleblowers have revealed that the data firm possesses far more data than it has officially let on , thereby prompting demands for further action from Facebook . So on Tuesday , the latter decided to reveal its internal community standards and policies , which it uses to determine which posted content is acceptable , and which should be removed .
According to CNN , the newly released document is what the company 's “ 7,500 content moderators use when deciding what is and is n't acceptable content , including hate speech , nudity , gun sales and bullying. ” A shorter version as previously made available to the public , but the latest release includes far more detail than previously reported . Monika Bickert , Facebook 's vice president of product policy and counter-terrorism , briefed reporters on the community standards ' contents and purpose . “ You should , when you come to Facebook , understand where we draw these lines and what 's OK and what 's not OK , ” they said .
“ Our enforcement is n't perfect , ” they added . “ We make mistakes because our processes involve people , and people are not infallible. ” Per Reuters , the company will now “ allow people to appeal a decision to take down an individual piece of content , ” as opposed to “ the removal of accounts , Groups and Pages ” only . Facebook is also providing individuals and content managers with specific reasons as to why certain posts were taken down per the internal community standards . Now that they latter is publicly available , users will hopefully have a better grasp of what the social media giant is doing , and why . Hopefully .
( Via CNN and Reuters )
0:59
Here are the winning numbers for the $ 1.5 billion Powerball jackpot
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A & M
1:23
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
The Department of Homeland Security on Monday vowed to prosecute Central American migrants in a `` caravan '' near the U.S. border if they try to enter illegally and Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the effort was a `` deliberate attempt to undermine our laws and overwhelm our system . ''
With the caravan on the final stage of its journey — about 440 miles , or a 12-hour journey by bus or train from the southern border — DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen , acting under orders from President Donald Trump , said the agency was monitoring the group 's movement and those who enter the U.S. illegally will be referred for prosecution . There are about 500 migrants in the caravan .
`` Pockets of the original , so-called 'migrant caravan , which press reports indicate consists mostly of Honduran nationals , have begun to arrive at our southern border with the intent of claiming asylum , '' Sessions said . `` These individuals — and their smugglers — ignored the willingness of the Mexican government to allow them to stay in Mexico . ''
Sessions added , `` Let today 's message be clear : Our nation has the most generous immigration system in the world , but this is a deliberate attempt to undermine our laws and overwhelm our system . There is no right to demand entry without justification . Smugglers and traffickers and those who lie or commit fraud will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . ''
Nielsen said asylum-seekers will be detained while their cases are processed , and those who the U.S. determines do n't have a legitimate claim will be `` promptly removed from the United States . ''
`` If you enter the United States illegally , let me be clear : You have broken the law , '' they said in a statement Monday . `` And we will enforce the law through prosecution of illegal border crossers . '' Seeking asylum is legal .
CHICAGO — A Chicago masseuse is suing Marvel Comic 's Stan Lee , accusing them of inappropriate behaviour during two massages in 2017 .
Maria Carballo filed the lawsuit Monday seeking more than $ 50,000 USD in punitive damages and attorney fees from the 95-year-old writer and artist .
The Chicago Tribune reports that Lee 's attorney , Jonathan Freund , called the lawsuit “ a shakedown ” and says Lee denies the allegations .
Carballo also filed a complaint with Chicago police , who are investigating .
According to the complaint , Lee fondled themselves during the first massage and moaned so much during the second that Carballo stopped the treatment . Lee stood up and angrily demanded Carballo keep massaging him .
The complaint also says Carballo was massaging Lee with their feet when they grabbed their foot and touched it to their genitals .
Connecticut 's Azurá Stevens 23 ) reacts after a basket during the first half of a second-round game against Quinnipiac in the NCAA women 's college basketball tournament in in Storrs , Conn. , Monday , March 19 , 2018 .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Royal baby : 'New mums have so much unnecessary pressure '
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave hospital after the birth of their third child
Mums have responded to pictures of the Duchess of Cambridge leaving hospital following the birth of their third child with their own recollections of giving birth .
The Duchess looked happy and relaxed as they emerged from St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , London , cradling their newborn son and waving to the assembled crowds .
On social media , other mums were quick to compare their own post-pregnancy experiences with those of the Duchess .
A forum thread discussing the birth on popular parenting website Mumsnet attracted hundreds of comments and was among the site 's trending posts .
Many social media users admired the Duchess of Cambridge 's fresh-faced appearance hours after giving birth . Others wondered how they might have reacted to finding the world 's media gathered outside their maternity ward .
Image copyright Amy Li/Facebook Image caption Memes highlighting women 's different experiences post-childbirth have been shared online
Kalpana Vaughan Wilson was one of many women to respond to a tweet from BBC Woman 's Hour presenter Jane Garvey , posting a picture with daughter Clara from their hospital ward .
`` I posted the pictures because , as a new mum , we have so much unnecessary pressure put on us , '' they told the BBC .
`` I think it 's important to show the realities of childbirth and motherhood so other mums do n't feel so alone .
`` If someone had offered me a makeover and decent clothes after giving birth I 'd have jumped at the chance . Although in reality I 'd probably have preferred a cuppa and some kip . ''
Image copyright Kalpana Vaughan Wilson Image caption Kalpana Wilson pictured with daughter Clara shortly after giving birth
BBC correspondent Nina Warhurst was another to respond to Jane Garvey 's tweet .
`` I 'm the one on the right in case you 're wondering , '' they said .
Denise Cooper , from Dublin , gave birth to their fourth child , Ronan , a year ago . They posted a picture with their husband , Bruce , taken shortly after their son was born , still in their hospital bed .
Image copyright Denise Cooper
`` People were talking about how [ Kate ] looked amazing , '' they told the BBC .
`` I suppose I felt that we all are amazing just after giving birth . They could probably have done without all the media attention and would probably have loved nothing more than to walk out in their tracksuit and hair tied up in a mum bun .
`` I was proud of what I had done and thought I looked pretty ok . ''
Denise said the privacy they were afforded meant they `` got the better deal '' ,
`` I got the privacy to walk out with our new wee bundle of joy , '' they said .
`` I got the chance to cry in peace and not be ridiculed when my hormone levels started to drop . ''
You might also like :
Denies 's sentiments were echoed by many of those commenting online .
`` Imagine having a baby and being told to put on makeup and a dress to go be on TV hours later , '' said Twitter user Saskia .
But mum and Twitter user Katie said `` I think people are forgetting that we 're in 2018 '' .
`` We do n't stay in hospital for six weeks after birth . We 're up , walking about and I was made to push my baby to get my three meals and sit in the cafeteria . It 's good to be up and about after birth but I will salute Kate for wearing heels . ''
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Census Bureau says it will not create a new category where people from the Middle East or North Africa can be counted on the 2020 census .
The announcement was made Friday in a news release on the bureau 's website .
Advocates for years have been pushing for a new separate geographic category for people of Middle Eastern or North African ( MENA ) descent .
The Arab American Institute called the decision a `` severe blow . ''
Executive Director Maya Berry says undercounting has `` deprived our community of access to basic services and rights , from language assistance at polling places , to the allocation of educational grants for cultural competency training and language assistance , to greater access to health information and research . ''
Berry says Congress will be pushed to get the decision overturned .
The Miami Dolphins , for the first time since 2008 , will not be starting their off-season at season 's end . Miami will prepare for their first extra game in eight years .
More from Phin Phanatic
Last night following the Sunday night game , the NFL announced the playoff schedule for the first two weekends of the playoffs . Miami will travel to Pittsburgh on Sunday , the 8th .
The kick-off will be at 1:00 which will be good for the Dolphins as a late game in Pittsburgh would likely be much colder . Early weather reports have the temperature high for the day to be around 28 degrees .
If the Dolphins win on Sunday they will advance to face the New England Patriots for the third time this year . This one will be back in Foxboro as a late night primetime match-up on Saturday the 14th . Kicking off at 8:15 .
The rest of the Wild Card weekend games are as follows . On Saturday the Raiders will visit Houston at 4:35 on ESPN/ABC and in the late game the Lions will travel to Seattle on NBC .
Sunday will feature the Dolphins at Pittsburgh on CBS followed by the Giants at Green Bay on FOX . The following weekend for the divisional rounds will feature games in New England as mentioned as well as a game in Atlanta . On Sunday the Chiefs will host the early game while the Cowboys will host the late afternoon game .
The Dolphins have not won a playoff game since 2000 when they beat the Indianapolis Colts in the Wild Card round . The last time Miami beat Pittsburgh in the post-season was in 1984 in Miami . Miami last won in Pittsburgh during the playoffs in 1972 . Miami lost in 1979 .
This article originally appeared on
Planning a final summer road trip ? You may want to set aside some extra time for your drive — and practice some deep breathing techniques : You 'll likely encounter some aggressive behavior , aka , road rage .
A new report by Auto Insurance Center analyzed over 100,000 posts on Instagram tagged with # RoadRage to pinpoint when it most commonly occurs and while March saw the most posts this year so far , summer months see # roadrage posts peak , with AIC noting August , a popular time for road trips , as the angriest month in the calendar year .
The AIC also found that # roadrage posts spike on Fridays , and are the least popular on Sundays and Mondays , and that users post most about road rage between 9 and 10 PM , a finding that surprised the AIC .
“ We expected rush hour to be the most common time , but it 's actually much later at night , ” said Justin Loera , senior insurance market analyst for AIC . The AIC did n't look into why this time pattern has emerged , but it could have a lot to do with the age group that is most commonly posting on Instagram : millennials .
`` Millennials are the largest demographic using Instagram and the ones most likely to include hashtags in their posts including # roadrage , '' said Andrew Selepak , a professor in the department of telecommunication at the University of Florida , and director of the graduate program in social media . `` Millennials often take summer jobs and internships that do n't include normal 8 to 5 work hours . Instead , they are working internships or waiting tables that gives them irregular hours including later in the morning and later in the evening . ''
So , are millennials just angrier than everybody else ? Probably not ; but they are generally more tuned in with social media as a platform to make their upsets known .
Nebraska Beats Out D.C and NYC — But Road Rage Is Everywhere
Thanks to geotagging , the AIC could also identify where some # roadrage posts are coming from , and discovered yet another surprise : Nebraska drivers seem to have the worst tempers ( or at least , theirs are the most documented on Instagram this year so far ) .
“ New York and Washington D.C have historically been at top , but this year Nebraska came it at number one for # roadrage posts , ” said Loera . “ I ca n't say why Nebraska has surpassed these other places , but this year we did have a much larger portion of geotagged posts. ” In other words , Nebraska 's road rage problem may not be new — we just may be only now able to better measure it because more people are using location tags .
But here 's the bigger takeaway about road rage : it 's a problem throughout the U.S and it seems to be getting worse . Loera says that 2017 is on track to greatly surpass 2016 in terms of road rage related posts .
Tamra Johnson , a spokesperson for AAA National , said that in an AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety survey last year ( its most recent on the topic of road rage ) , nearly two in three drivers stated that they felt aggressive driving was a bigger problem then than it was three years prior , and nine out of 10 said they perceived aggressive drivers as a serious threat to their own safety .
We 're Part Of The Problem
Who are these aggressive drivers bullying us on the road ? Sadly , a lot of the time , it 's us .
“ We found that 80 percent of drivers admitted to some form of aggression , and even more alarmingly , eight million drivers admitted to more extreme cases [ of road rage ] — like actually getting out of their vehicle to confront another driver , or using their car to ram another vehicle , ” said Johnson . “ Those instances can be extremely dangerous and even deadly . ”
So , why are we so prone to losing our tempers on the road , and how can we keep our cool — even when we absolutely know another driver has done us wrong ?
Patti Sabla , a licensed clinical social worker who specializes in anger management , finds that road rage often happens because we take the actions of other drivers really personally — rather than just letting it go .
Do n't Take It Personally — And Lower Your Expectations
“ We do n't get angry because that blue truck cut off my white car . Instead we get angry because that person cut me off , ” said Sabla . “ Once we personalize what we perceive as bad behavior aimed towards us , it is n't hard for road rage to kick in . ”
We also expect that other drivers will follow the rules of the road to a T , and be totally civil . That 's fair enough — but if we lower our expectations of others , we could find ourselves pleasantly surprised , or at least , not laying on the horn .
“ Unfortunately , there are people out there who just do n't care about civility , ” said Sabla . “ So once we lower our expectations about these people , we are triggered less easily . ”
Keeping your cool can be difficult for even those who consider themselves fairly chill .
“ I 'm generally a very calm person but for whatever reason when I 'm driving I ought to be censored , ” said Angela Smith , a 28-year-old in Boston . “ Driving — not to mention finding parking — can be extremely frustrating especially when it seems like people are not paying attention — or worse — on their phones . ”
It 's tempting to call others out and let them know that you saw what they did there , and no , it 's not okay . But what good can come out of that ? At some point , you 've just got to resolve to stay in your own lane — literally and figuratively . And if it 's getting to your destination on time that you 're worried about , giving yourself extra time to arrive can help .
“ I used to get upset and anxious [ because of other drivers ] , but I decided I did n't want to go through that anymore , ” said Terry Bolo , a long-time Los Angeles resident . “ So I just leave plenty of extra time and sit patiently in traffic . I am in no hurry , and I will get there eventually — calm and in one piece . ”
Disappointing quarterly reports from newly-public firms Snap and Blue Apron this week wo n't throw cold water on the market for tech IPOs , but it will make investors less willing to give startups the benefit of the doubt .
“ These tech IPOs go in cycles , there 's the cycle of optimism where we think anybody with a story is going to be another google and will buy IPOs at really high prices , ” said Erik Gordon , a professor of at the University of Michigan Ross School of Business .
“ The one-two punch of Blue Apron and Snap , I think , that 's going to put investors in a less optimistic mood , a more critical mood , ” Gordon said . “ They 're going to ask questions and not assume the answer to the questions is , ‘ do n't worry about it . ' ”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Snapchat makes splashy debut on Wall Street 2:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
High-profile stumbles like Blue Apron 's higher-than-expected losses and Snap 's shortfall in user growth and have a spillover effect on investor sentiment , said Kathleen Smith , principal of Renaissance Capital , which manages IPO-focused ETFs . “ That just causes jitters overall , ” they said . “ When they see this happening they get cautious . ”
The upshot is likely to be more scrutiny , and less-ambitious valuations , experts said .
“ I think we 're going to be more selective , ” Gordon said . “ I think we 're going to be tougher on the companies . ”
“ Today 's VC backed unicorns can indeed come in for rough treatment in the public market , ” IDC research vice president of mobile and connected platforms John Jackson said via email , although they and some other market observers expressed optimism that this week 's disappointing earnings would n't cause a broader crisis of confidence .
“ The tech market overall has had really good returns , ” David Ethridge , U.S. IPO practice leader at PwC . “ The average tech deal this year has done quite well against the market and the indices like the Russell 2000 . I look at those kinds of things and I say the experience of the tech investor this year has been quite good , ” they said .
Smith agreed , saying tech IPO returns are up 13 percent year-to-date as of market close Thursday .
“ The challenges with both these companies are about the nature of what they do and the competitive space they occupy , and not about tech per se , ” Jackson said .
“ They were looking for growth and were disappointed , and there are operational issues ... It 's not a good combination , ” Smith said .
Both face formidable , well-established competitors : Snap with Facebook , and Blue Apron with Amazon 's new Whole Foods acquisition .
“ Evan 's been very clear that user growth is going to be driven by innovation , ” said Richard Greenfield , managing director and media analyst at BTIG . “ It 's basically , can Evan Spiegel out-innovate Mark Zuckerberg ? ”
“ Blue Apron has suffered at least a psychological investor reaction to the Amazon threat , ” Jackson said . “ It 's circumstantial and not systemic . ”
Smith said the fact that both companies poor results caught investors by surprise called into question both companies ' management practices . “ Investors were expecting much higher growth and some efficiencies in their business , ” they said . “ This is always the risk with IPOs in general — Can I be sure management is going to do what they say they 're going to do ? ”
A widely shared story that claimed Pope Francis called for merging Islam and Christianity is false .
The story quotes Francis as telling a Vatican audience : `` Jesus Christ , Mohammed , Jehovah , Allah . These are all names employed to describe an entity that is distinctly the same across the world . For centuries , blood has been needlessly shed because of the desire to segregate our faiths . ''
Another quote it attributes to Francis : `` We can accomplish miraculous things in the world by merging our faiths , and the time for such a movement is now . ''
Vatican spokesperson Greg Burke tells The Associated Press the quotes are `` invented . ''
An internet search reveals the fake quotes and various incarnations of the story have been shared by numerous websites since at least 2015 .
NILES , Ohio ( WYTV ) – The defendant accused of shooting a woman in Niles will spend a week in jail .
Edward Culler appeared in Niles Municipal Court for a preliminary hearing , where they pleaded no contest to negligible assault — a reduced charge .
They were sentenced to 60 days in jail , 53 of which were suspended . They were also ordered to pay a $ 200 fine plus court costs .
Culler was arrested last week after the shooting , which was initially reported to Niles Police as a domestic incident .
The victim was taken to the hospital but they were expected to be OK .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast : Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
Watch out , Gigi and Bella Hadid — the Giannulli girls look ready to take Hollywood by storm .
Lori Loughlin brought their two daughters — 18-year-old Isabella and 17-year-old Olivia Giannulli — , as their dates to the Teen Choice Awards on Sunday , and the teenage beauties stole the show .
So who are the new “ it ” girls ? Here are a few things to know Bella and Olivia .
They love fashion : Bella is an up-and-coming fashion blogger with 128,000 followers on Instagram . Olivia has a YouTube beauty channel with nearly a million subscribers , and has 568,000 followers on Instagram .
“ What initially got me into this was watching our mom get their makeup done for events , ” Olivia told Teen Vogue . “ It 's pretty special that as a kid I got to learn proper techniques from watching professionals . ”
They both get their beauty inspiration from their famous mother . “ Our mother always says , ‘ Less is more , ' ” Olivia told the magazine . Bella added , “ It affects my everyday routine . ”
Bella has the acting bug : Olivia and Bella are both taking acting classes , but it seems Bella may be the most interested in following in their mother 's footsteps . Last winter , they starred in the Hallmark holiday movie , Every Christmas Has a Story , alongside Loughlin . It was very their first job , and they told People it was “ so fun . ”
Lori 's husband , Mossimo Giannulli , helped make it happen .
“ My husband said to me , ‘ You know what , when will you ever get to be with them and get to spend that kind of time with them again ? ' ” Loughlin told People . “ So often they live in the same house , but [ once ] they 're teenagers , they 're out the door — once they get a car , they 're gone ! ”
Olivia 's goal is to have their own line of products : “ It 's a dream of mine to launch a beauty or skin care company one day , ” they told Teen Vogue .
They are familiar with TMZ : Being a celebrity kid typically means you 'll be on TMZ at some point . Olivia got familiar with the gossip site this month after allegedly getting into a car crash while vlogging .
Olivia was supposedly filming themselves while driving moments before a truck rear-ended their vehicle and pushed it into another car . The video was posted on YouTube , but was immediately taken down . Supposedly they vowed never to vlog or text while driving again . However , Loughlin went mama bear , defending their daughter to TMZ and saying Olivia was never recording a video while driving .
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity :
A Slatington man accused of driving drunk and then crashing , killing one of their passengers , reached a plea deal with prosecutors on Monday .
Joshua Moser admitted to driving the night of Feb. 19 , 2016 , after he , Nicole Marie Gruber and Clark Knoblauch were drinking in Slatington .
Moser crashed on Rextown Road in Washington Township , Lehigh County , killing Gruber and injuring himself . Knoblauch was treated and released .
Moser pleaded guilty to homicide by vehicle while DUI , DUI and reckless endangerment . They are set to be sentenced in September , and their minimum sentence is capped at three years as part of the plea .
The 27-year-old Moser faces a possible maximum of 10 years in state prison .
Moser , of the 1500 block of Fernwood Road in Slatington , was previously free on $ 200,000 unsecured bail in the case , but their bail was revoked and then set at 10 percent of $ 200,000 after they were caught in a bar , a violation of theirs bail .
Moser has been held in county jail since June 14 , records show .
A crowd of Gruber 's family and friend sat in the courtroom , some holding frames pictures of them and others wearing large buttons with their picture on it
Knoblauch was not in the courtroom , but prosecutors said they also agreed to the plea deal .
`` I think it 's a tragedy for two families , '' said defense attorney Irene Chiavaroli Johns .
24-year-old woman dies after Lehigh County crash
Prosecutors said Moser was speeding a little before midnight in their BMW northbound on Rextown Road , when they lost control on a curve , and the car hit an embankment and then a tree stump .
No one was wearing seat belts , said Chief Deputy District Attorney Paul Bernardino .
The BMW rolled over , landing on its roof on a property .
Gruber was ejected during the crash ; medical personnel found them about 20 feet from the car , unresponsive in the grass . Gruber was flown by helicopter to St. Luke 's University Hospital in Fountain Hill , where they were pronounced dead .
Knoblauch and Moser were taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital , Salisbury Township , for treatment . A blood sample was taken from Moser , and their blood-alcohol content was 0.15 , troopers said . Penalties begin for most drivers at 0.08 .
In court on Monday , Moser said they can not recall what happened that night .
Airbags were collected from the vehicle , and DNA showed Moser was in the driver 's seat , Bernardino said .
`` His blood-alcohol level speaks for itself , '' Bernardino said .
This is Moser 's second DUI , prosecutors said .
They successfully completed a first-time offender 's program for a 2011 DUI case , but since the 2016 crash occurred within 10 years of that case , their current DUI charge is considered a second offense .
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow them on Twitter @ SarahCassi . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
LONDON ( AP ) — This is not a metaphor : Britain 's Parliament is a mess .
The 19th-century London building is crumbling , leaky , infested with vermin and riddled with asbestos . Fixing it will take years and cost billions , but experts say the alternative could be catastrophic .
After years of dithering , lawmakers are set to vote Wednesday on what to do — but there 's a good chance they will opt for more delay .
Experts warn the Victorian Gothic building is at risk of a flood or fire that could leave it uninhabitable . A 2016 report urged politicians to move out for six years for renovations costing 3.5 billion pounds ( $ 5 billion ) .
On Wednesday lawmakers will vote on several options , from agreeing to leave the building so work can begin to deferring a decision for several more years .
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) The Tennessee Titans have released cornerback Jason McCourty after eight seasons with the franchise , and a few days after the veteran shared the news themselves on social media .
The Titans announced the move Monday , the first day of the team 's offseason program .
General manager Jon Robinson said in a statement they respect McCourty and what they have done for the franchise in their eight seasons as a true professional . Robinson says they talked about having them return for the final season of their contract but could not agree on the right solution .
McCourty was due $ 7 million for the final season of their contract . The three-time captain started 90 games and had 13 interceptions in their tenure as a sixth-round pick out of Rutgers in 2009 .
—
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP-NFL .
A COUNTY Limerick man has been found guilty of assaulting an umpire with a hurley after their son 's school team lost a match by a point .
The father was found guilty of assault and threatening , abusive , insulting behaviour at Fermoy Court . The injured party , Shane Florish , Mungret , said the incident was the catalyst for them giving up refereeing .
“ I like my face the way it is and I had had enough of the abuse , ” said Shane , aged 44 .
The Mungret man refereed up to inter county level with ladies football and senior club – hurling and football – in the men 's game . They decided to become the “ man in the middle ” after they are n't happy with the way a referee handled a match they were watching .
“ One of the lads I was with said , ‘ If you think you can do better do the course ' – that 's how it started in 2009 . In my first year in between refereeing , umpiring and doing the line I did 452 matches . I loved it , ” said Shane .
In April 2015 , they were asked to be an umpire at a Munster schools u-15 final in Fermoy . It was a clean game of hurling but there were two points for the same team disallowed – one by the referee and one by Shane . What happened after the match ended up in Fermoy Court last month .
” I would n't say they were contentious disallowed points – they were wide . They lost by a point in the finish . The full-time whistle went . I saw a fellow coming over the advertising hoarding and making their way towards the referee . I went beside the referee because they looked like they were going to give the referee grief . They called the referee a ‘ f * * * * * g pervert ” . They said : ‘ You 're nothing but a f * * * * * g pervert riding young fellows ' .
“ You will always have people saying stuff - it is par for the course - but that was over the top . There were a lot of parents on the field , the two teams were on the field and to hear that ... To be fair and I will say this on the record , it probably was n't meant that way but the fact is it was said within earshot of others . ”
Shane told the Limerick parent to , “ Go away , you f * * * * * g scumbag , that is an awful thing to say ” .
“ He turned around , said , ‘ Who you 're calling a f * * * * * g scumbag ? ' There were a bunch of hurleys on the ground , they picked one up and gave me a belt into the left elbow . It was n't like they were swinging an axe but it was a good belt . The referee got in between the two of us and we walked off to the dressing room . They just went off . ”
Shane went to hospital where it was suspected a chip was taken off their elbow but it was just badly bruised . They continued for about a year but decided to hang up their whistle .
“ That incident was the start of the decision making process of giving up refereeing . I had had enough of it . That was the starting point .
“ I like my face the way it is . If they hit me in the face and I had a four inch scar going into work how would that look when I go to meet clients in my job , ” said Shane , who can foresee an official being seriously hurt if there is is n't a clampdown on abuse directed to GAA referees .
“ Something has to be done . Some parents are very bad at U-12 , U-14 games . They think their Johnny or their Mary are the only players on the field and they ca n't be touched . The minute the ball is taken off them they are screaming blue murder at the referee . I 've seen grown men fighting on the sideline , ” they said .
They believe the only way to stamp out abuse is by hitting perpetrators in their pockets .
“ Referees have to report every instance of abuse . It has to enforced by county boards . It has to be stamped out from the sideline . The only way is to issue fines to the clubs and suspensions if a guy is abusing a referee . If a kid hears this they think it is alright to do it .
“ If I 'm a trainer and a club gets fined €1,000 a couple of times because I 'm abusing referees it wo n't be long before other club volunteers tell me to cop on or get out . Abuse of referees has to be stamped out with fines and suspensions , ” said Shane .
[ Deal Alert ] Get an AT & T Samsung Galaxy S9 for $ 569.99 ( $ 150 off ) or S9+ for $ 639.99 ( $ 200 off ) , plus a free DeX Pad
The key to staying in business as long as Sierra Meat & Seafood , according to its president and chief operating officer Chris Flocchini , is its ' ability to continually evolve .
But it does n't hurt to have some helpful advice from a successful business magnate .
`` I read a quote once from Warren Buffet that said , 'The difference between successful people and really successful people are that really successful people say no to almost everything , ' '' Flocchini said in an interview with NNBW at Sierra Meat & Seafood 's facility off of Corporate Drive in Reno . `` At first I wondered , 'Did I read that right ? ' But after I gave it some thought , it made sense to me . ''
Flocchini explained a trend had developed among food manufacturers such as Sierra Meat & Seafood was to branch out into all kinds of different products from meats , to things like French fries or deserts .
But after contemplating Buffet 's quote , Flocchini figured scaling back was the right thing to do for their multi-generational company .
`` I made the decision going into other products may distract us from doing what we do really well : meats , '' Flocchini said . `` We narrowed our focus but expanded the specialty meats we had to offer such as bison , venison , elk , and wild boar . ''
Flocchini added the company also experimented with what they called `` exotic meat '' from kangaroo , camel and rattlesnake . But production was eliminated because they were only available a few times in the year and became less desirable among customers .
`` There 's a growing customer acceptance to natural specialty meats that people are looking for such as bison , venison , elk and wild boar , along with poultry products '' Flocchini said .
It 's not that the Sierra Meat & Seafood will say `` no '' all the time . It 's just from now on , they 'll only say `` yes '' with some prudence .
One such concept that has been very successful was adding seafood to its lineup of products .
`` We stuck our toe in it and it just grew and grew . We went from doing nothing in ( the seafood business ) to it being 35 percent of our business , '' Flocchini said . `` I was able to hire some people who had worked in the seafood business for a long time around here and it really helped drive knowledge of that business to our customers . ''
Another fruitful venture has been Flocchini Family Provisions , a partnership with the Tonino family operated under the Sierra Meat & Seafood umbrella . Flocchini Family Provisions produces lines of specialty sausage and deli meats based in Carson City .
Flocchini Family Provisions was recently honored as co-winner of the 2017 Food Manufacturer/Processing Company of the Year presented by NCET and EDAWN .
Many of Sierra Meat & Seafood 's specialty meats are produced at Durham Ranch , a property the Flocchini family owns located in northeastern Wyoming . John Flocchini serves as manager of Durham Ranch while Chris ' brother Stephen is the brand manager .
Sierra Meat & Seafood also gets its meats from other sources . The company imports its venison , a kind of deer meat , from farms in New Zealand .
Another part of the company 's evolution has been introducing its own line of retail brands including a variety of beef jerky and boxed ground natural beef products .
Overall , Sierra Meat & Seafood carries about 1,585,200 pounds of product in its inventory . That 's about 40 semi truckloads or 1,500-2,000 pallets in storage . The company ships about 375,000 pounds ( about 10 truck loads ) of product a week .
A team of national sales reps promotes Sierra Meat & Seafood products to a customer base that includes private chefs , restaurants and others in the food service industry .
Sierra Meats & Seafood 's roots can be traced back to the mid-1930s , when Chris Flocchini 's grandfather , Armando Flocchini , Sr. purchased Durham Meat Company in San Francisco , a company they had worked for several years .
Later , their two sons Armando `` Bud '' ' Jr. and Richard came aboard at Durham to carry the family tradition . Chris Flocchini is Bud Flocchini 's son and has taken on the leadership role with the company .
In 1986 , the Flocchinis purchased Sierra Meat based in Reno , to stretch its reach to northern Nevada , although its headquarters remained in San Francisco .
By the 1990s , the Flocchinis sensed established manufacturing companies were phasing out of the Bay Area in favor of high-tech entities .
`` At the time , it was getting harder and harder to run a business in the Bay Area , '' Flocchini said . `` California was making it clear they did n't want businesses like ours . ''
For one , they had to deal with a competitive labor market that drove wages higher than they could afford . Coupled with other factors including skyrocketing workman 's compensation rates , the Flocchinis finally decided to make a change .
Thus , the family consolidated operations and moved it to northern Nevada under the Sierra Meat name .
The company later built a state-of-the-art 50,000-square-foot facility in southeast Reno . They have invested heavily in technology that has become a necessity in its business operations , such as implementing bar coding and picking systems to keep track of inventory .
The company also invested in what Flocchini calls smarter equipment , including a packaging machine that automatically applies labels to products and found more efficient food processing equipment .
Chris Flocchini joked about how times have changed when , at first , their father was resistant to new technology .
`` I remember hearing my dad on the phone with IT salespeople telling them 'No I do n't need this stuff and I never will ! ' '' Flocchini laughed . `` But they got to the point where they check email or asks questions like 'how do I attach something to this email . ' ''
Flocchini has high hopes the family 's brand will continue to flourish . A fourth generation of Flocchinis are already integrating into the business .
Chris Flocchini has been pleased with the early results of other aspects of Sierra Meat & Seafood ventures including the Flocchini Family Provisions and its foray into retail beef market .
`` Our local and national is the best It 's ever been , '' Flocchini added .
Netflix is worried and excited by future
Netflix chief says they face growing competition from Amazon , Apple and Google but still sees room to grow .
Rancho Alamitos finished up Garden Grove League play with a 48-30 victory over Los Amigos Feb. 9 at Los Amigos High .
Nick Castro scored 13 points and Matthew Bautista scored nine points to lead the Vaqueros ( 11-16 , 5-5 ) . Timmy Nguyen added seven points for Rancho Alamitos , which led , 21-11 at halftime . Rancho Alamitos finished fourth in the league .
Los Amigos ( 7-15 , 0-10 ) was led by Brian Pacheco , who had eight points , and Sergio Salagado , who finished with six points .
Fed Govt : no need to panic over quit notice
For the umpteenth time , the government yesterday implored Nigerians not to panic over the quit notice issued to easterners in the North .
Briefing State House correspondents after the Federal Executive Council meeting chaired by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo , Minister of Information Lai Mohammed , said Nigerians were free to live anywhere in the country .
According to him , the government is on top of the situation .
They said the series of consultation meetings the Acting President is holding is to calm down the situation and reassure Nigerians of their safety anywhere in the country .
They said : “ We want to make comments on what is agitating the minds of Nigerians , that is the call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region , generally very disquieting voices . We just want to assure Nigerians that the government is on top of the matter .
“ The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control .
“ To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is save , the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct is believed is going to create instability in the country .
“ So there is no need for anybody to panic , there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country . The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic . ”
On why the two newly confirmed Ministerial nominees by the Senate are yet to be sworn-in , they said : “ I 'm not sure whether we 've had the communication from National Assembly . But what I will do is that I will probably ask from the Acting President or the liaison officer then I will come and give you feedback . ”
The post Fed Govt : no need to panic over quit notice appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright PA Image caption England fans doing their bit for the economy
The economy could receive a £2.6bn spending boost if England make it to the World Cup final , research suggests .
And every time an England footballer scores a goal , an extra £200m may be spent in the country 's shops and pubs .
Work done by the Centre for Retail Research ( CRR ) for VoucherCodes shows extra spending is already almost double what it was at the last World Cup .
The CRR estimates that spending will rise by more than £1bn as England moves on to the quarter finals on Saturday .
In its report on World Cup spending the CRR says : `` Every goal scored by an England footballer - right the way to the final - would be worth £165.3m to England 's retailers and an extra £33.2m to pubs , hotels and restaurants . ''
The CRR research breaks down where fans are spending extra cash in the latter stages of the competition .
Bars , hotels , pubs and restaurants - £175m
food and drink at home - £508m
TV electrical - £255m
Souvenirs and Sportswear - £71m
But if England makes it to the final , the CCR estimates that another £1.5bn will be spent .
That would mean the aggregate spending throughout the competition would then be close to £2.6bn .
Kicked in the teeth
Professor Joshua Bamfield , director at the CRR , said : `` At the last World Cup we did n't get past the group stage and from a retail point of view sales fell off a cliff .
`` This time no one expected much - they were so used to being kicked in the teeth - but once they started playing it all changed .
`` The spending patterns also fit in with the current retail theme of 'experience ' . People want to spend their money going to the pub or having a barbecue with their friend and watching the match . ''
Last week pub owner Greene King , after reporting a disappointing set of profits for last year , said things were looking up thanks to the hot weather and the World Cup .
It had sold half a million extra pints during the Panama match .
Chief executive Rooney Anand said : `` It remains true that when the sun shines , or sport is on , people do want to go to the pub . ''
New purchases
Prof Bamfield said that the World Cup also provided a reason for consumers to make certain purchases like new TV or electronic equipment .
They said : `` People may have been meaning to get a new TV or computer for some time and the World Cup gives them the opportunity to make the decision . Also people are buying souvenirs , parents and grandparents are using the competition as a reason to buy kit for children . ''
Economists are also seeing the competition add some optimism to the strong numbers from the country 's services sector in the latest Purchasing Managers ' Report .
Howard Archer , chief economist at EY Item Club , said : `` A significantly improved survey for the dominant services sector adds to the feel good factor , after England actually winning a penalty shoot out to reach the quarter finals of the World Cup . ''
However , if sporting success leads to stronger economic growth it may also lead to higher interest rates .
Image copyright Bank of England Image caption Andy Haldane - Bank of England Chief Economist
Higher interest rates
Andy Haldane - a member of the Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee ( MPC ) who decided to vote for an increase in rates at its last meeting , said World Cup success was adding to the general recovery of the economy .
They said : `` The underlying picture now appears to be one of gently rising household spending .
`` And then , of course , there is the World Cup . Without wishing to tempt fate , England 's recent sporting success on the football field ... has probably added to that feelgood factor among England-supporting consumers . ''
However , stock market investors did not let any enthusiasm for England 's win on Tuesday influence their investment strategies : the FTSE 100 index was 0.25 % lower on Wednesday morning .
The NHL rang in the new year with a Centennial Classic celebrating 100 years of the league . The outdoor game was played at BMO Field in Toronto and saw the Maple Leafs play host to the Detroit Red Wings in an Original Six showdown .
The outdoor games are always pretty spectacular to watch , if for no other reason than taking in the sights and beauty of the setting .
Though Sunday 's game got off to sluggish start , it featured a wild third period that saw the Red Wings stage a dramatic late comeback and tie the game with just one second left in regulation .
Ultimately , Toronto 's Auston Matthews potted the game-winner in overtime to save the day for hometown fans . But regardless of the scoreboard , it looked to be a pretty special event that anyone in attendance wo n't soon forget .
Here are some of the best sights from the New Year 's day spectacle .
Getty Images
Why it matters to you If you have one of the affected locks , the company is offering two options for sorting out the issue .
Seems like some of those smart locks are n't quite as smart as we 'd thought .
A software update sent to a smart lock last week ended up bricking the device . What made the matter particular tricky for maker Lockstate is that accommodation service Airbnb recommends the wi-fi-enabled lock to its hosts . Which means there 's a good chance a number of their guests found themselves temporarily locked out of their rentals .
Lockstate
Lockstate CEO Nolan Mondrow contacted customers last week , opening their correspondence with the ominous message : “ We are sorry to inform you about some unfortunate news. ” Considering the situation , however , affected recipients would 've known exactly what was coming .
“ Your lock is among a small subset of locks that had a fatal error rendering it inoperable , ” Mondrow wrote . “ After a software update was sent to your lock , it failed to reconnect to our web service , making a remote fix impossible . ”
The two affected locks — the 6i and 6000i — do n't come cheap , with the 6i , for example , costing buyers $ 469 . Reports suggest around 500 customers have been affected by the issue .
While inconvenient , the problem should be less problematic for individual customers as the locks also come with a regular key . However , in cases where business owners have installed them for customers , the situation is likely to be far more annoying . Airbnb , for example , recommends the locks to its hosts to help them manage entry into their properties . You can issue different codes to different guests , and the system also lets you control and monitor doors remotely , and sends alerts to the owner when the keypad is used to unlock them . An access history is also made available .
Fixes
Lockstate 's CEO has outlined two possible fixes for the issue , neither particularly convenient . The first is to return the back part of the lock to the company , allowing its team to repair it by updating the software . This will take up to a week to complete .
Option 2 takes even longer — between 14 and 18 days , to be precise — and involves Lockstate shipping a replacement interior lock for customers to replace by themselves .
If you 're an affected Lockstate customer who 's still considering what action to take , the company wants you to contact it via 6000i @ lockstate.com with your choice of option 1 or 2 . Lockstate confirms it 'll pay for all shipping costs “ within the continental U.S. , ” and provide affected customers with a year 's worth of free service for its Lockstate Connect Portal .
Mondrow said their company was “ deeply sorry ” for the trouble it 's caused , but insisted everyone at the company was working to sort out the issue “ as quickly as possible . ”
DENVER — Four years after Taylor Swift tried to handle their groping allegation against a radio station DJ quietly , the pop superstar got a very public victory Monday with a jury 's verdict that they hoped would inspire other women .
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Denver deliberated fewer than four hours to find that ex-radio host David Mueller assaulted and battered Swift during a pre-concert meet-and-greet in June 2013 . Per Swift 's request , jurors awarded them $ 1 in damages – a sum their attorney , Douglas Baldridge , called “ a single symbolic dollar , the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation . ”
After Monday 's verdict , Swift hugged them crying mom and thanked their attorneys “ for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault , and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year-long trial process . ”
“ My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard , ” Swift said in a prepared statement , promising to make unspecified donations to groups that help victims of sexual assault .
The six-woman , two-man jury also rejected Mueller 's claims that Swift 's mother , Andrea Swift , and radio liaison Frank Bell cost them their $ 150,000-a-year job at country station KYGO-FM , where they were a morning host .
On Friday , U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed similar claims against Taylor Swift , ruling Mueller 's team failed to offer evidence that the then-23-year-old superstar did anything more than report the incident to their team , including their mother .
Mueller , who was seeking up to $ 3 million , denied Swift 's allegation from the start and maintained their innocence after the verdict .
“ I 've been trying to clear my name for four years , ” they said in explaining why they took the singer-songwriter to court . “ Civil court is the only option I had . This is the only way that I could be heard . ”
By the time Swift took the stand Thursday , they were more than angry . They were on a mission to eliminate any doubt about what happened , and they refused to sugarcoat their experience
During an hour of testimony , Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , of what happened . While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift , they insisted they were groped .
“ He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , ” Swift testified .
“ It was a definite grab . A very long grab , ” they added .
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star 's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately , insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture .
That photo was virtually the only evidence besides the testimony .
In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released , Mueller 's hand is behind Swift , just below their waist . Both are smiling . Mueller 's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift .
Swift testified that after they were groped , they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend , “ Thank you for coming , ” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them .
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller , telling the photographer what happened .
Andrea Swift testified that they asked Bell to call Mueller 's employers . They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter , they said .
“ We absolutely wanted to keep it private . But we did n't want them to get away with it , ” Andrea Swift testified .
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call , KYGO 's general manager , for use in Call 's investigation of Mueller . They said they did n't ask that Mueller be fired but that “ appropriate action be taken . ”
I ask you to fill your glasses — your Nalgene bottles , your Starbucks cups : whatever , it 's a metaphor , Jack — for a toast to one of my favourite newspaper columnists , a man who does not exist named Cecil Adams . “ Cecil ” is the author of the Chicago Reader 's The Straight Dope feature , which first appeared in the esteemed alt-weekly on Feb. 2 , 1973 . Many of us who admire the column know it from a classic series of Ballantine paperback anthologies ; the first was published in 1984 . Uncle Cecil , stubbornly maintaining the fiction of their being to the 11th hour , has informed their devoted “ Teeming Millions ” in an online note that the instalment of June 27 will be the last .
The Straight Dope can boast of the greatest distinction any consumer product can enjoy : it does what it says on the tin . The conceit of the column was that readers could send in esoteric or controversial factual questions and get an authoritative answer from Adams , allegedly the World 's Smartest Human . “ Is there really such a thing as quicksand ? ” “ Why is tennis scoring so weird ? ” “ What came first : orange , or oranges ? ”
Readers could send in questions and get an authoritative answer from Adams , allegedly the World 's Smartest Human
Such inquiries were a major stock-in-trade for the newspapers of old . In the 1970s , if you were arguing about something like that in a bar , phoning up the city room of a local newspaper was an accepted method ( and one that big newsrooms anticipated ) of getting a quick , informed answer . But The Straight Dope gained special notoriety . Since the Reader was not a mainstream broadsheet , it could handle , and publish , sex and drug questions that might give Ann Landers the vapours . Cecil would take anyone 's absurd or insane counterculture-flavoured query to the library , or run it by a surprised expert , and return with plain-language answers written in the best Chicago newspaper tradition .
They claimed or feigned no credentials beyond bare assertions of genius , and while Cecil would offer unabashed guesses or approximations where no categorical answer was possible , their replies did have an awesome halo of finality , and often reflected enormous reporting effort . Corrections and retractions were , on the rare occasions they were necessary , offered in a spirit of comic impatience . ( Cecil is never wrong : they are merely guilty of having oversimplified the truth out of regard for the Teeming Millions ' limited ability to absorb complex information . )
They claimed or feigned no credentials beyond bare assertions of genius
Cecil was , in short , a sort of American-style Jeeves — an omniscient , worldly mystery man at the service of the reader , but with a dash of overt sarcasm thrown in . The suspicion that “ he ” might actually be the World 's Smartest Human was hard to resist . They had their own illustrator , Slug Signorino , who depicted Cecil as a turkey in a scholar 's mortarboard : their thorny relationship was an essential part of the Straight Dope universe , and was carefully preserved in the anthologies .
The official story is that “ Cecil , ” the touchy and secretive personage who wrote the column , has had a series of “ editors. ” The Straight Dope column should not be allowed to pass from the world without observing that “ Cecil 's ” voice was established by their original “ editor , ” Mike Lenehan , and that for most of the column 's run Cecil has been in the care of Ed Zotti , who is described as their “ editor and confidant. ” Many hands have surely filled Cecil 's inkwell at one time or another . In 2011 Zotti admitted “ I do much of Cecil 's typing , ” adding “ … but Cecil presides . Editors will come and go . I 'll get hit by a bus some day , but Cecil will be eternal . ”
The official story is that 'Cecil ' … has had a series of 'editors '
Sadly , it seems that Cecil may have been inadvertently devoured by their own audience . The Straight Dope column is , as I have hinted , essentially a pre-internet phenomenon . In the age of Google and Wikipedia it is no one 's first instinct to present a simple factual question to another , smarter lone human . When the internet meteor hit the planet of newspapers , The Straight Dope made a successful transition : some questions addressed to the column began to be tackled online by a “ science advisory committee ” ( i.e. , Cecil 's traditional expert sources , speaking for themselves ) , and a for-pay message board grew up around the feature .
Now the Chicago Sun-Times , which bought the Reader in 2012 , is selling off the title — but it wants to hang onto the Straight Dope intellectual property and the community forum , leaving Cecil themselves in mid-air . The Teeming Millions have been turned into a network capable of applying collective effort to Straight Dope-style questions , and perhaps more willing to tolerate ambiguity in the answers . In short , the public no longer has as much need of oracular authority as it once did . The bus missed “ Little Ed , ” after all , and ran over Cecil Adams . Rest in peace , great one .
• Email : ccosh @ postmedia.com | Twitter : colbycosh
Mick Mulvaney wants to get people off welfare programs , but what will take their place ?
MSNBC 's Ali Velshi and Stephanie Ruhle point out the lack of alternatives proposed by the Trump administration .
It 's so easy to get caught up in our daily routine . For us working folks , we wake , we go to work , we come home from work , dinner , shower , bed . In between it 's easy to make a habit of grabbing something like a cereal bar to eat because that 's what is easy and filling for the moment when we do n't have much time to think about it . After some time our bodies start seriously lacking essential nutrients that it needs to function properly and be healthy . I 've spent weeks researching ( and testing ) ways that I can improve my overall health via my favorite way- food and beverage consumption , and I have decided to share my favorites with you . Below you will will read about DELICIOUS daily treats that are beneficial to your health . Some requiring little to no effort .
LEMON WATER :
There are a couple of ways to drink lemon water . All are super beneficial and I promise , after doing this daily for a couple of weeks , you will begin to tell a difference in multiple things . Starting your day with drinking warm lemon water to flush your digestive system and hydrate your body . After that eight hours of sleep ( hopefully ) , our bodies start off dehydrated , so it 's so important to consume lemon water in first thing , and especially before your coffee . As we all know , caffeine dehydrates us even more . After that , keep it going throughout the day . A way to make it super simple is to keep a stainless steel tumbler on you all day and keep you lemon water in it . Juice 1/2 a lemon per tumbler of water & drink at least two of these a day . By day 's end you should consume the juice of one lemon . It 's important to use a glass or steel tumbler because the acidity of the lemon will eat away at plastic , putting it into your water . If you are not yet convinced to make this a part of your daily routine , here is a list of benefits that may do the trick .
Benefits :
Boots immune system because it 's loaded with vitamin C and many other vitamins and nutrients .
Relieves canker sores and swollen gum pain
Balances PH ( alkalizes your body , and no disease can survive in an alkaline environment )
Weight loss & eliminates bloating
Clears skin by removing toxins that cause acne
Relieves sore throat
Improves Liver Health By Detoxing The Body
Prevents Kidney Stones
Use this citrus juicer and tumbler to get your new daily habit going :
Get This Citrus Juicer For $ 15.99 Here .
Get This Tumbler For $ 13.49 Here .
Johann Berg Gudmundsson struck a late equaliser as Burnley grabbed a 1-1 draw against Premier League leaders Manchester City at Turf Moor .
Danilo had looked like proving an unlikely match-winner for Pep Guardiola 's side with a fine strike after 22 minutes of an otherwise frustrating day for City .
But after Raheem Sterling spurned a gilt-edged chance to put the game beyond doubt , the Clarets grew in confidence and earned their reward when Gudmundsson turned in Matt Lowton 's deep cross .
City will rue their failure to make the most of their openings , with Sterling 's opportunity one of a number to pass them by .
Burnley , for their part , were well organised throughout and they had already hit the woodwork through Aaron Lennon before their equaliser came .
Despite the wealth of talent in City 's ranks , they also arrived short of numbers . David Silva became their latest injury victim in midweek and John Stones was again absent , having been ill recently , and so Guardiola named only six substitutes .
With record signing Amyeric Laporte on the bench , Vincent Kompany returned to the starting line-up and the City captain was soon in the thick of the action , clashing with both Ashley Barnes and Sam Vokes .
Burnley 's back four , despite the absence of James Tarkowski , was well drilled and it required patience to break them down .
City controlled possession but their final pass was poor . Bernardo Silva did clip a dangerous cross into the box but Kompany could not get a touch and Sterling had no joy with a long-range shot .
Their breakthrough came from an unusual source after Sterling won a corner . The set-piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area . The Brazilian picked their spot and delivered a superb shot beyond Nick Pope .
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper .
Burnley were far more direct than City and they made efficient use of limited possession to create a couple of chances . On both occasions Ben Mee might have done better as they first forced a save from Ederson from a lobbed ball into the box and then headed wide following a corner .
City looked to kill off the game early in the second half but Burnley 's back line held firm , denying Aguero and Ilkay Gundogan a sight of goal before Sterling fired over . City even looked to Danilo again as frustration grew but this time Pope tipped over .
Burnley retained a threat on the break and they almost snatched an equaliser when Lennon 's thunderous shot was touched onto the post by Ederson .
That injected more urgency into City and Sterling should have scored when they were picked out in front of an open goal by Kyle Walker but they somehow sidefooted wide .
Burnley 's defence would not yield and the hosts grew in threat in the latter stages . They eventually found their way through after 82 minutes when Gudmundsson raced onto Lowton 's crossfield ball and touched past Ederson .
Image copyright PA Image caption On Wednesday , more than 400 Thameslink trains were cancelled
A rail firm that compared its poor service to chocolate from Poundland has been threatened with legal action by the discount chain .
Thameslink has apologised after making the comment in reply to a passenger who was angry overtrain cancellations .
In response , Poundland retail director Austin Cooke said it had `` no right to use our name to describe poor service '' .
It comes after more than 450 Thameslink trains were either cancelled or ran late on Wednesday .
Thameslink had responded to a tweet from a passenger , called Kevin , who posted a picture of a departure board showing train cancellations , stating `` Why , Ambassador @ TLRailUK , with this fine service you are spoiling us . ''
In response , Thameslink replied : `` Very sorry Kevin . Appreciate at the moment the service is less Ferrero Rocher and more Poundland cooking chocolate . ''
It prompted Mr Cooke to tweet Charles Horton , chief executive of Thameslink 's parent firm Govia Thameslink Railway ( GTR ) , stating that Poundland served eight million shoppers last week and has a `` pretty good idea about what great customer service is '' .
Mr Cooke added : `` But if we ever fall short , perhaps we 'll describe ourselves as a bit ThamesLink .
`` If you do n't want to hear from our extremely twitchy legal team , we suggest you remove your tweet . ''
Later GTR did apologise to Mr Cooke , stating : `` Very sorry team for using your name here . I have removed the offending tweet . ''
GTR has been dogged by disrupted services since the publication of new timetables on 20 May .
Its poor performance , along with that of Northern rail , prompted Transport Secretary Chris Grayling on Wednesday to say the `` rail industry has collectively failed '' passengers .
GTR said it expected disruption to ease `` over the coming month '' , while Northern said it had commissioned a report to `` ensure lessons are learned '' .
Mr Grayling said : `` The way timetabling is done has to change . ''
GTR runs Thameslink , Southern , Great Northern and the Gatwick Express , while Northern runs services across North of England from Newcastle to Nottingham and in Greater Manchester , Yorkshire , Cumbria and Merseyside .
Many services across the country suffered `` Meltdown Monday '' on 21 May when the new timetables came into force .
By DAN JOLING
Associated Press
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) - Two lawsuits filed Friday claim the federal government conducted petroleum lease sales without proper environmental review in a part of northern Alaska known for its wildlife .
The Bureau of Land Management on Dec. 14 conducted the largest-ever lease offering within the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska , putting out for bid 900 tracts covering 16,100 square miles ( 41,700 sq . kilometers ) , roughly the size of New Hampshire and Massachusetts combined .
In the first lawsuit , five environmental groups said the BLM relied on an environmental review preceding a 2013 NPR-A management plan for the lease sale . Federal law for lease sales , the lawsuit said , required an updated environmental review of the specific land to be offered in a sale , and how wildlife and habitat would be affected .
`` The Trump Administration is in such a rush to sell off our public lands to the oil and gas industry that it is n't even taking the time to comply with the law , '' Suzanne Bostrom , an attorney for Trustees for Alaska , an environmental law firm representing the groups , said in a statement .
In the second lawsuit , filed by environmental law firm Earthjustice , four other environmental groups claimed 2016 and 2017 lease sales in the reserve were illegal because the Interior Department failed to take a hard look at their effects on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change .
Email requests for comment from the Interior Department and the U.S. Department of Justice were not returned Friday .
The petroleum reserve was created in 1923 by President Warren Harding as an emergency oil supply for the Navy . The reserve is south of the country 's northernmost city , Utqiagvik , formerly Barrow .
The reserve covers 35,625 square miles ( 92,269 sq . kilometers ) , about the size of Indiana . There are 189 authorized petroleum leases in the NPR-A .
A management plan for the reserve adopted in 2013 splits its acreage roughly in half between conservation areas and land available for petroleum development . Former Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said at the time that oil companies would have access to nearly three-fourths of the estimated economically recoverable oil in the reserve .
Salazar called the reserve an `` iconic place on our Earth , '' home to two caribou herds that are hunted by 40 northern and western Alaska Native villages to support a subsistence life . Polar bears roam the coast . The reserve includes renowned habitat for migratory waterfowl , including black brant , Canada geese and greater white-fronted geese .
In May , Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke signed an order to review the Obama administration management plan . The December lease sale included no land within conservation areas . However , it offered all other NPR-A land designated by Salazar as available for drilling .
Lisa Baraff , program director for the Northern Alaska Environmental Center , said federal environmental law requires site-specific analysis of the effects of oil development on wildlife , habitat , fish and subsistence use . They said a more general environmental review preceding the 2013 management plan was not sufficient .
The December sale attracted bids on just seven tracts covering 125 square miles ( 324 sq . kilometers ) , all submitted jointly by subsidiaries of ConocoPhillips and Anadarko .
The first lawsuit was filed by the Northern Alaska Environmental Center , Alaska Wilderness League , Defenders of Wildlife , Sierra Club and The Wilderness Society .
The second lawsuit was filed by the Natural Resources Defense Council , Center for Biological Diversity , Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
England captain Alex Danson says hosting the Women 's Hockey World Cup is `` very special '' and that England is the `` best prepared '' team .
WATCH MORE : Meet England hockey 's 'baby-faced assassin
Two area organizations are planning candidate forums in February in preparation of the March 6 Texas party primaries .
“ Get out and vote ” will be at 6 p.m. on Feb. 5 at The Carpenter Shop in Nocona . Join them for a soup supper and baked goods auction .
This is a fundraiser for Meals on Wheels , which will receive all the proceeds . Cost will be $ 5 for adults and $ 2.50 for children age 10 and under .
Organizers invite guests to bring questions for the candidates , but advise they will be monitored so the evening can be enlightening and enjoyable for voters and candidates states their flier .
The Amity Club will have its biennial Candidates Forum and Soup Supper on Feb. 15 at the Bowie Community Center , west end . Serving will begin at 5:30 p.m .
Price of admission is a donation to the club 's scholarship fund . There also will be a baked goods auction . Make plans to attend the events .
Butler Bulldogs ' T.J. Cusick , left , recovers a fumble by Myers Park defensive back Patrick Alvarez . Alvarez had intercepted a pass by Butler Bulldogs quarterback Christian Peters and while running for the sideline was hit and fumbled the ball during first half-action on Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 at Myers Park High School . Jeff Siner jsiner @ charlotteobserver.com
Video
A four-year-old with cancer got a special superhero surprise when some of their favourite characters turned up at their home .
Toby Nye , from Osmondthorpe , Leeds , has stage four neuroblastoma .
The event on Sunday , organised by CPM Entertainers , saw characters such as Transformers robot Bumblebee , War Machine and Wonder Woman entertain Toby , their family and friends .
Mum , Stacey , said they had been overwhelmed by the surprise .
`` It was amazing , just out of this world . We just never expected any of that , it was unbelievable , '' they said .
Zimbabwe To Settle Foreign Lenders With $ 3.5 bn Sovereign Bond – Minister – The Tide
The Tide Zimbabwe To Settle Foreign Lenders With $ 3.5 bn Sovereign Bond – Minister
The Tide
Zimbabwe is considering issuing between 2.5 billion dollars and 3.5 billion dollars in sovereign bonds and use some of the money to clear arrears to foreign lenders , Deputy Finance Minister Terrence Mukupe has said . Mukupe said in Harare on Tuesday …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ireland international hockey goalkeeper David Harte says they were motivated to join the Olympic Council of Ireland 's new Athlete Commission by their experience at the Rio Games last year .
Harte loved their Olympic experience , but they admit that certain aspects of their time in Brazil left a lot to be desired , with athletes often treated as ‘ a nuisance ' to administrators .
`` Some parts of Rio were fantastic and others left a lot to be desired , '' said the 29-year-old , who has been voted as international hockey goalkeeper of the year two seasons running .
`` If we go to Tokyo in 2020 we hopefully wo n't have to go through the same bad experiences we had in Rio again . The athletes ' view and voice in this process is very important .
`` I felt that there was a divide between the OCI members and the athletes ; between the powers that be and the athletes and at times we were made to feel that we were a bit of a nuisance .
`` Getting the right people person in place to represent that diverse group of high performance athletes is very important . ''
The role of the Athlete Commission is to advise the OCI Executive Committee on all athlete-related matters and to ensure that the voice of Irish athletes is heard in all future OCI decision making .
Six athletes , all of whom have represented Ireland at Olympic level , were nominated to the commission by OCI members , with all six being appointed .
The new commission is comprised of Derval O'Rourke ( athletics ) , Judy Reynolds ( equestrian ) , David Harte ( hockey ) , Shane O'Connor ( snowsports ) , Melanie Nocher ( swimming ) and Gavin Noble ( triathlon ) .
David Gillick , James Nolan ( both athletics ) and Kenneth Egan ( boxing ) were also appointed to the commission by the OCI Executive Board .
David Harte
The nine-person commission will have its first meeting later this month at which it will select a chairperson who will become a member of OCI Executive Committee .
Harte plays for the Kampong in the Dutch Hooftklasse , the highest quality domestic league in world hockey , and they won the title this year . They also line out for Dabang Mumbai in the month-long Hockey India League .
Along with their twin brother Conor , the two starred for Ireland as they came within a whisker of qualifying from their ultra-competitive group and into the knock-out stages at Rio 2016 .
At 29-years-old they are starting to think of life after competitive hockey and is hoping that being part of the OCI Athlete Commission will be good experience when they put down their stick for the last time .
To win this award truly is an incredible honour & one I am very proud to receive ! This one is for @ IreMenHockey & @ irishhockey # HockeyStars pic.twitter.com/uomwf6dVRq — David Harte ( @ daveyharte ) February 23 , 2017
`` I potentially see myself , after I stop playing , involved in working with high performance athletes . My experience at what they call the Greatest Show on Earth only emphasised that to me , '' explained the Kinsale man , speaking to RTÉ Sport .
`` If I was n't thinking about my future as I reach the big three-oh I would be foolish because we all know how fickle sport can be and I 'm never going to get rich playing hockey . Getting involved with the Athlete Council will be a great way to learn . ''
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on their term as North Carolina 's governor
OTTAWA — The House of Commons has unanimously adopted a motion blaming Russia for what it calls a despicable nerve gas attack in Britain .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia 's Freeland 's motion says Russia is showing a total disregard for the rules of the international order .
Former double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were found unconscious on a bench in the city of Salisbury two weeks ago , the victims of what the British government says was a Russian nerve agent .
British and Russia has engaged in tit-for-tat expulsions of diplomats over the attack .
Freeland 's motion calls on Russia to co-operate with British investigators and says Canada stands in solidarity with Britain .
The motion calls on the House to recognize that the Russian state “ bears responsibility ” for the attack .
Moscow has denied involvement in the incident , which also injured a British police officer .
Skripal and their daughter remain critically ill in hospital , while the police officer is recovering .
Kenny Stills explains why they ended their national anthem protest
Kenny Stills was one of several players who took up Colin Kaepernick 's cause last season by kneeling during the national anthem , but the Miami Dolphins wide receiver is not planning to continue the protest in 2017 .
Stills and teammate Michael Thomas , who also took a knee during “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” last year , both remained on their feet when the song played before Sunday 's preseason game against the Atlanta Falcons . Adam Beasley of the Miami Herald asked Stills why they changed their approach .
“ I just felt like , we 're getting more attention for our protests than we were for the actual work we were doing , ” they explained . “ Now , we need to focus on action , and I feel like I 've done a lot of that last year . I 've done everything I can here in this community and I 'll continue to do that this year . ”
Stills , who won the Nat Moore Community Service Award in 2016 , hosted a town hall meeting with Thomas , Arian Foster and Jelani Jenkins last year . They were also part of a ride-a-long with the Broward Sheriff 's Office with the goal of improving the relationship between law enforcement and the community . Stills said they are “ really excited ” that other teams have planned their own ride-a-longs this season and that their goal is to have one player from each team doing that with their city .
While Stills may feel that protesting the national anthem is taking attention away from the actual issues , we have already seen multiple NFL players continue with it this preseason . You can expect the number of players taking part to increase in the coming weeks .
H/T Pro Football Talk
Photo : AFC East Miami Dolphins on YouTube
Passion Play
By Sarah Ruhl Directed by Lauren Miller
February 5 - 10 at 7:30pm February 11 at 2:00pm
Hailed by the New Yorker 's John Lahr as `` extraordinary , '' `` bold , '' and `` inventive , '' Sarah Ruhl 's Passion Play takes us behind the scenes of three communities attempting to stage the death and resurrection of Christ . From Queen Elizabeth 's England to Hitler 's Germany to Reagan 's America , Ruhl 's exploration of devotion takes us on a humorous yet unsettling journey filled with lust , whimsy , and a lot of fish . Hailed by the New Yorker 's John Lahr as `` extraordinary , '' `` bold , '' and `` inventive , '' Sarah Ruhl 's Passion Play takes us behind the scenes of three communities attempting to stage the death and resurrection of Christ . From Queen Elizabeth 's England to Hitler 's Germany to Reagan 's America , Ruhl 's exploration of devotion takes us on a humorous yet unsettling journey filled with lust , whimsy , and a lot of fish . Posted :
2/2/2018
Originator :
Kelly Grandjean
Email :
kelly.grandjean @ ttu.edu
Department :
Department of Theatre and Dance
Event Information
Time : 7:30 PM - 11:00 PM
Event Date : 2/4/2018
Location :
Maedgen Lab Theatre
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Academic
Departmental
Good morning Blues fans ! The day we waited for so long to arrive has arrived . It 's Winter Classic day , but there is a lot up in the air .
The St. Louis Blues have not had the start to the 2016-17 season that we wanted . St. Louis is currently third in the division .
The Blues are also seven points behind Minnesota for second place . The only thing keeping them above water is the fact that the rest of the division has been as bad or worse at times .
The Blues are not a bad team . You can tell the pieces are there to have a decent second half of the season if they could only find some consistency .
We have been talking about consistency for too long now though . That means there is no logical reason , beyond hope and faith , that they will find that groove .
If they are to find a spring board for the new calendar year , it needs to come in this Winter Classic . The Blues have a built-in excuse if things go bad , but they need to win .
The Blues need this game to restore some confidence . It 's not as though they are on a losing streak . However , there is some pressure on them now .
If they lose , and lose badly , there are quite a few rumblings from the fans that a coaching change should be made . I do n't necessarily agree with that , but if it is another awful effort then it would be hard to argue with a massive change .
The Blues just need a spark . A win over Chicago by itself would not signal a turnaround for this season , but a win in this special game could be something to build on – a sigh of relief if you will .
It was something barely even mentioned earlier . As the season has gone on there have been enough things said where if you read between the lines , it appears as though the extra attention has been a distraction .
Some teams , especially those outside the huge markets of New York , Chicago and LA , are n't used to cameras all the time . An extra crew along with extra interviews might be a disruption .
It is understandable , but not acceptable as an excuse . This team has to find an identity , whether that comes from the coach or the players themselves .
More from Bleedin ' Blue
We are far too deep into the season for this nonsense of trying to find their game to hold water . The Blues must be the Blues , whatever that means to them , going forward .
It has all led to this game . The season is not riding on this result , but a win would be extremely special for the city and this team .
You get the boost of beating Chicago . There is pride in defending the city 's honor . The relief of it all being over but not for naught would be a big thing for this team .
The Blues need this game . Let 's hope they go out and take it .
Here are your St. Louis Blues Morning Links to get your day started off right .
Those fans who were unsuccessful in getting one of the hot tickets to today 's game were also worried they would be frozen out on television . The cable company Charter and NBC were having contract issues and the game was in limbo . Fans with Charter should not have to worry in the end . ( STLToday )
Wayne Gretzky was only in St. Louis for a cup of coffee . That statement is true whether you are talking about their Blues career or their time in town for the Winter Classic Alumni game . Even so , the Great One had some time to reflect on what might be their final alumni game before setting off for Toronto . ( KSDK )
There are going to be a lot of differences in today 's game . Whether it is the position of the fans , the eyelines of the players or just the reality setting in that the day has arrived , there will be plenty of things for the Blues to get used to . ( Belleville News-Democrat )
For those of you up early enough , the league is planning on announcing the time of today 's game this morning . Of course , with Missouri 's ever changing weather even an official announcement may mean nothing come time to drop the puck . ( STLToday )
Want your voice heard ? Join the Bleedin ' Blue team !
The Winter Classic has plenty to live up to , beyond just our own expectations . The Centennial Classic turned from a tight checking , defensive display to a shootout in a little over 20 minutes . The ending was just as entertaining too . ( NHL )
They might be friends off the ice , but the Winter Classic wo n't be From Russia With Love for Vladimir Tarasenko and Artemi Panarin . The two Russians are hoping to use their skills to notch a win for their respective teams and have some bragging rights the next time they get to see each other afterward . ( ESPN )
Have a great day Blues fans !
This article originally appeared on
ENGLEWOOD , Colorado ( AP ) — Terrell Davis ' first visit to Denver Broncos headquarters since being elected to the Hall of Fame brought back memories of their first training camp when they could n't see much of a future in football and came close to quitting .
The Broncos were in Japan practicing for a preseason game against the San Francisco 49ers in the summer of 1995 .
`` Let 's just say , if I spoke better Japanese I would n't be here , '' Davis said Wednesday . `` I 'm telling you , I was this close to walking out of there because I looked at everything around me and I just had no shot of making the team . I was a sixth-round draft pick , I was seventh on the depth chart , I was n't getting any reps in practice , I had my coach constantly on me and it just did n't feel like there was any way of me making the team . ''
Davis did n't figure they had much of a present in football , much less a future .
`` And yeah , I had a moment , I had a weak moment where I thought after practice I 'm out of here . I 'm not going to wait until we get back to Denver to get cut . I 'm going to walk out of here , '' Davis said .
`` Thank God I did n't . And then I made the big hit . ''
In the preseason game against the 49ers , Davis delivered a crushing hit on kick returner Tyrone Drakeford that got the attention of the coaching staff and prompted fellow future Hall of Famer Shannon Sharpe to marvel , `` Who was that ? ''
That was the man who would go down in league history as the only running back to own back-to-back Super Bowl titles , an MVP trophy , a Super Bowl MVP honor , a 2,000-yard season and seven consecutive playoff wins in which they topped 100 yards rushing .
Davis , who will be inducted into the Hall of Fame this summer , said they use that rags-to-riches anecdote all the time .
`` Because it goes to show you that my thing is if you quit , the result is always failure , '' said Davis , now an analyst for the NFL Network . `` But if you do n't quit , you never know what the outcome could be . So , quitting on yourself should never be an option , which I almost did .
`` And for anybody that 's out there struggling ... I try to tell them even if your situation seems dire , do n't give up . Just keep fighting , keep fighting , keep fighting . You never know . The only thing you can control is the effort . You ca n't control the outcome or the results , but just keep going at it and you never know how that plays out . ''
Sticking it out landed Davis with football immortality .
`` I think what 's great about it is the story behind it , it 's not ( one of ) a typical , first-round selection , big school , all-time leading rusher . I was totally sort of opposite of all those things and yet I was still able to make it to the Hall of Fame , '' Davis said . `` So , what does that tell a kid right now who is struggling and is not maybe first team or not at the school that they want to be at , or whatever the situation may be ? ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/arniestapleton
Image caption At the Priory School in Lewes , 61 members of staff walked out
More than 6,100 school pupils across East Sussex have been affected by teachers striking in a row over pay , a union has said .
The National Education Union said 250 staff took action in Lewes , Eastbourne , Uckfield , Peacehaven and Seaford .
Teacher Phil Clarke said it was `` incredibly disappointing '' to have to strike when students were facing exams .
But Caroline Barlow of East Sussex Secondary Heads , said there was `` no surplus '' in the budget to pay more .
The union has been campaigning against the local authority pay award for 2017/18 .
It said the dispute is over the failure of East Sussex County Council to ask schools that the newer and lower paid teachers get a 2 % pay rise .
It claimed this rate had been paid in most areas of the country including Brighton & Hove .
But East Sussex County Council said it did not decide the annual increase in teachers ' pay .
It said it consulted annually with schools on a `` model pay policy '' but it was the responsibility of each governing body to decide whether to adopt it or consult staff .
'Incredibly disappointing '
The council said it understood `` teachers have concerns '' but was `` disappointed '' by the strike action .
It added : `` The education of our children should be an absolute priority and nothing should disrupt that . ''
At the Priory School in Lewes , 61 members of staff walked out . St Catherine 's College in Eastbourne was down by 47 people .
Seaford Head School , Peacehaven Community School and Uckfield Community Technology College were also closed to younger pupils .
Teacher Phil Clarke said : `` It 's incredibly disappointing . Our year 11s have exams coming up very shortly . It 's very difficult to go on strike . ''
But Caroline Barlow , Chair of East Sussex Secondary Heads , said : `` We all know that schools have had reduced budgets and real terms cuts very the last few years . There was no surplus .
`` If we were going to give any more we would have to make cuts . ''
Kevin Courtney of the National Education Union warned it could cause recruitment and retention problems that could damage children 's education .
They said : `` There is absolutely no reason why teachers in East Sussex can not be paid equally with teachers in Brighton . ''
Another ‘ interesting ' take from Robert Peston , who writes : “ the life-or-death question for May is whether Shapps and Johnson are in cahoots ” . They claim Shapps met with Boris ' team a few weeks ago to “ discuss matters ” . A Tory source says this is “ totally fabricated , an obvious smear ” . Jake Berry , who is named in Peston 's story , says it is “ fake news ” . Senior May allies say Boris is not plotting any challenge with Shapps . Who briefed Pesto ?
As I have told you , your statement is categorically untrue and # FakeNews @ Peston — Jake Berry ( @ JakeBerry ) October 6 , 2017
As anyone who has read a newspaper or spoken to a Tory MP recently knows , a more pertinent question would be whether Shapps has “ discussed matters ” with supporters of David Davis since the election…
OMNISPORT
Napoli 's Raul Albiol and Jose Callejon know Real Madrid better than most and will do all they can to avoid a loss when they return to their old club in the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday .
The pair left Madrid for Napoli in 2013 after four and two years of respective service to the European champions .
They have sounded a warning to their current team-mates that their old friends will not be going easy on them and Callejion claimed it is vital to return to Italy with a goal .
`` Not losing here is a good result . We want to score ; that would be important for the second leg , '' they said in Tuesday 's media conference .
`` We want to play as we have done for the last year and a half , feeling comfortable in ourselves .
`` Raul and I have friends here : [ Sergio ] Ramos , [ Alvaro ] Morata , [ Dani ] Carvajal , Nacho . We 've seen them with the national side .
`` I 've spoken with Cristiano [ Ronaldo ] too . We 're still in contact with people here . ''
Albiol added : `` It 's always hard to play here .
`` It 's a tough tie against the defending champions and we know we have to give our all in both games , especially tomorrow in order to still be in the tie in the second leg at home .
`` We need to be on it from the off . Ninety minutes here are very hard , we know this and we 'll come out tomorrow with this mentality . ''
‘ Hamilton ' creator Lin-Manuel Miranda , left , and Ben Platt , the original star of ‘ Dear Evan Hansen . ' AP
AKRON , Ohio — Malcolm Duvivier hit 6 of 9 from 3-point range and scored 24 and Daniel Utomi added a double-double to propel Akron to a 94-89 victory over Appalachian State on Saturday night in a game that tipped off three hours late because of weather conditions .
Utomi finished with 18 points and 10 rebounds and the sophomore buried two late 3-pointers to help the Zips ( 5-2 ) hold off the Mountaineers ( 5-6 ) in the first meeting between the schools .
Griffin Kinney poured in a career-high 28 points for Appalachian State . The senior made 9 of 13 shots from the floor and 9 of 11 free throws . Ronshad Shabazz scored 18 of their 26 points in the second half and added five assists , while Justin Forrest scored 13 with five assists .
Virshon Cotton and Duvivier hit back-to-back 3-pointers to key a 14-7 run and the Zips led 47-38 at the half .
The Mountaineers battled back and led 77-76 on two Kinney free throws with 4:32 remaining in the game , but Cotton hit two free throws , Duvivier made a jumper and Utomi hit back-to-back 3s to push the lead 86-79 and the Zips held on from there .
Two months after they were indefinitely suspended for violating the substance abuse policy , Spencer Gallagher was reinstated Wednesday by NASCAR .
A notice posted to NASCAR 's media website at 2 p.m. on a national holiday announced that the GMS Racing driver had completed NASCAR 's Road to Recovery program that is necessary to be considered for reinstatement .
Gallagher had been suspended since May 2 when NASCAR announced the driver was found to have violated its substance abuse policy a day earlier , three days after they won at Talladega Superspeedway for the first Xfinity Series win of their career .
GMS Racing announced Gallagher will return to the No . 23 Chevrolet next weekend at Kentucky Speedway .
“ The whole GMS organization is very proud of Spencer ( Gallagher ) for getting reinstated after completing NASCAR 's Road to Recovery program after the results we received post-Talladega , ” GMS Racing president Mike Beam said in a release . “ Spencer will return to the No . 23 at Kentucky Speedway and then again after our agreed contracts are fulfilled . ”
Chase Elliott will be driving the No . 23 in Friday 's Coca-Cola 250 Xfinity race at Daytona .
Elliott , Johnny Sauter , Justin Haley and Alex Bowman have split driving the No . 23 in the six races since Gallagher was sidelined .
Despite their victory , Gallagher is ineligible for the Xfinity Series playoffs because they have n't attempted to start every race this season .
In announcing substance abuse violations , NASCAR does n't disclose details , and Gallagher has n't revealed what caused their positive test .
In their only public comments about the violation , Gallagher said in a May 2 statement that “ I recently have had a positive result in a NASCAR drug screen which has violated NASCAR 's substance abuse policy .
“ I want to assure everyone in the NASCAR community this one-time error in judgment will never happen again . … I would like to say that I am sorry to all of the GMS organization for my actions , especially my team and team owner , who have worked so hard this year and have put faith in me . I also want to apologize to NASCAR , Chevrolet and my fans for letting them down . I have not upheld the behavior that is expected of me . I promise you all here and now , I will do whatever it takes to make this right . ”
Gallagher declined to comment to NBC Sports.com during a May 7 test at Charlotte Motor Speedway that they left after learning they are n't permitted to attend because of their suspension .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police searching for a south London girl who vanished on their way to school have confirmed they are in Poland with their mum .
Serena Alexander-Benson , 13 , from Wimbledon , went missing early in the morning of Friday ( May 25 ) in their school uniform and Met Police launched a frantic search .
It has now been confirmed they are in Poland with their mother having left the country on a EuroTunnel train .
Police are continuing to work to establish whether any offences have been committed .
Serena was last seen by their dad leaving their home address in Wimbledon at about 7.50am on Friday .
They had told their dad that they were going to school , but they did not arrive .
Police enquiries established that Serena left the UK at Folkestone on Friday morning on a EuroTunnel train .
They were travelling in a car with a female friend of their mum .
On Wednesday ( May 30 ) Met Police were advised by the National Crime Agency that the Polish authorities have confirmed that Serena is with their mother in Poland .
There has been no European Arrest Warrant issued .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
1:13 Will Trump support black colleges ?
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in their first 100 days ?
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has put thoughts of wantaway Philippe Coutinho out of their mind as they concentrate on the vitally-important Champions League play-off against Hoffenheim .
The Brazil international submitted a transfer request on Friday just a couple of hours after club owners Fenway Sports Group issued a statement insisting they would not be sold after two unsuccessful bids from Barcelona .
Coutinho is currently sidelined with a back injury which has delayed their start to the new season - they did not travel with the squad to Germany - and Klopp insists until the 25-year-old is fit again they can not waste time thinking about them and their position .
`` There 's nothing to say about it . I really understand everybody is interested in it , but at this moment I 'm not thinking about it , '' they said .
`` I will answer questions but I 'm not in the car , on the way to this press conference , thinking , 'If they ask this question , what can I say ? ' , because I have to think about the ( training ) session in a few minutes .
`` Nothing has changed over the last few days . Not on one side , not on the other side . ''
`` It was always like this . I work with the players I have , I do n't think about the players I do n't have at the moment .
`` If they 're injured , whatever , you can not change , it 's the same situation for me .
`` I think I 've said everything you can say about it , if you want to ask do , but I have no more answers .
`` Nothing has changed over the last few days . Not on one side , not on the other side .
`` I 'm not sure what you 're asking for as he 's not available for us at this moment , that 's the main issue .
`` He can not play for Liverpool in this moment and how everybody can imagine , that 's quite a blow for us .
`` We know a few days about it , so we have been able to prepare for this game without him , like we have been able to prepare without Adam Lallana , without Daniel Sturridge . ''
Coutinho dominated proceedings in Hoffenheim despite being more than 700 miles away on Merseyside .
With just over two weeks remaining of the transfer window Liverpool are adamant they will not be leaving despite suggestions growing of the player 's discontent .
Captain Jordan Henderson admits despite their position they are powerless to effect the way Coutinho , who has become an integral part of the team , is thinking .
`` It is obviously a difficult situation for Phil . Whatever I say will not help the situation but as players , we are fully focused on the game , '' they said .
`` As players , you expect things in the transfer window to happen and players come and go .
`` Of course , if you ask everyone , they want Phil to stay as they are a world class player . I have had conversations with Phil it is private ( but ) I do n't think I can influence the situation .
`` I am close to them and I have a lot of respect for them but everything that happens is nothing to do with me . ''
The Coutinho issued continues to overshadow what is a pivotal week for Klopp 's side .
Having finished fourth last season they knew they would have to face a play-off to make the Champions League proper but being drawn against Hoffenheim , who finished fourth in the Bundesliga , presents a difficult task .
Victory in the tie is worth an initial £13million and should they make the group stage Liverpool would expect to receive at least £35m .
Klopp did offer some good news on the fitness of Sturridge but , unfortunately for him , it will not help them in Germany .
`` ( Sturridge ) is in a good way . We had a talk this morning , they are really close , they looked good yesterday , '' said the Reds boss .
`` Two more sessions and they will be available for the weekend . ''
Image caption
A rare lunar event called the `` super blue blood Moon '' is seen behind the pier in Santa Monica , California . This red glow is produced by the same effect that gives us red sunsets . Sunlight skims through the Earth 's atmosphere on its way to the Moon and gets refracted or bent .
Ballymena United manager David Jeffrey will be hoping their side get back on track tonight as they travel to Cliftonville in the Danske Bank Premiership .
The Sky Blues are coming off the back of three losses at the Showgrounds with the last one being a 3-1 defeat to Warrenpoint Town on Saturday .
Cliftonville manager Barry Gray . Pic by Pacemaker .
The Reds have been in good form of late and Jeffrey says their side have to start digging until the end of the season .
“ First of all I want to apologise to the supporters about Saturday , ” said Jeffrey . “ I am embarrassed and it was not good enough .
“ It will not be easy against Cliftonville .
“ Andrew Burns has injured their hamstring again . Kyle Owens is suspended and we looked at the Warrenpoint game and thought we could get some momentum going into the Reds game .
“ We may have Cathair Friel back again on the bench - but they have cracked ribs .
“ I also would n't be surprised if Jonathan McMurray was n't fit as they took a number of hits against Warrenpoint .
“ Listen , if you are here you have to prove your worth and we have done okay this season .
“ But this is the wrong time for the wheels to come off the bus .
“ This is the business end of the season .
“ But from the League Cup final defeat we have had one shining light and that was the away game to Dungannon Swifts . ”
Cliftonville boss Barry Gray will welcome United to Solitude aiming to build on a 1-0 win over Carrick Rangers courtesy of Joe Gormley 's 26th goal of the campaign - and fourth within a week .
“ Joe Gormley scoring goals for Cliftonville is no shock – that 's what they do , ” said Gray on Cliftonville 's official website . “ I 'm delighted he 's got another one .
“ He 's taken their fair share of critics this season , but if they were having a poor season then they would n't be scoring those goals . ”
The original fixture was abandoned on January 2 due to high winds , with the scoreline at 1-1 .
Denrele Edun reveals why their plans for marriage with ex , Yvonne failed
Eccentric media personality , Denrele Edun , has revealed the circumstances that led to why they abandoned their marriage plans with their ex , Yvonne . They explained that they jettisoned their plans to get married when demands were made of them to change from their weird ways . They argued that their weird ways was what was getting them …
The post Denrele Edun reveals why their plans for marriage with ex , Yvonne failed appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fascinating and Unique “ Dali as you 've never seen them before ”
From Salvador to Dali ; a groundbreaking exhibition at the unique location of the new , stunning and spectacular railway station in Liège , Belgium , aimed at rediscovering Dali 's unique artistic trajectory .
One of the most eclectic artists who expressed themselves in a multitude of ways such as painting , sculpture , cinema , literature , fashion , architecture , photography… Dali is an enduring artist with universal appeal !
Their universe is that of a troubled child , a genius artist , a master of communication . And this artistic trajectory from Salvador , to Salvador Dalí , to Dali is the core subject of this exceptional exhibition in Liege .
AN EXHIBITION UNLIKE ANY OTHER !
Everything about this exhibition is unique . Its protagonist , the Grand Master of Surrealism , its cultural value , its layout where the works of art are set against a background of surrealist décor , its location at the Liège- Guillemins high-speed railway station , its space spanning 2000 m2 , its 150 authenticated works on show… The exhibition is a surrealist work of art in itself !
Entitled “ Dali as you 've never seen them before ” the exhibition ran from 27 February until 31 August 2016 offering a journey into the unique and fascinating world of this universal artist with enduring appeal : a journey full of astonishing discoveries and unforgettable surprises .
A car-garden greets the visitors and immediately plunges them into the surrealist universe of Salvador Dalí . Then come the three main sections of the exhibition which illustrate their changing identities from Salvador , to Salvador Dalí , to Dali .
The first section “ The Strains of Childhood ” focused on the way in which their birthplace and early years would resurface throughout the course of their life and influence over their work .
“ As my name Salvador suggests , I am here to save modern art from chaos and laziness . ”
It touched the places they would frequent during their childhood , their family , the death of their brother , it also unveils their desire to be unique , their obsessions , the theme of passing time , Freud and psychoanalysis…
MAE WEST LIPS SOFA
©Fundació Gala – Salvador Dalí
Salvador Dalí – THE LEGACY OF SURREALISM
“ The difference between me and surrealists is that I am a surrealist . ”
The second section highlighted the artistic development of Salvador Dalí with a particular focus on Gala , their lover and muse . The artist 's many other sources of inspiration and techniques , as well as the multiple facets of their work , will evoke the many domains in which the artist excelled . Painting , sculpture , fashion , film , theatre , literature , photography , design , jewellery… nothing was off limits for Dali .
DALi- THE CELEBRITY VORTEX
“ The two most fortunate events that could happen to a contemporary artist are : primo , to be Spanish , and secundo , to be called Dali . Both of them happened to me . ”
Dali , the theatrical and eccentric artist is the most famous side of him . And the last section focuses on Dali 's life in high society and their appetite for money and fame . It also depicts the way they carefully promoted their image using the media and various forms of publicity…
The exhibition ends with a special focus on the contemporary artists who have been inspired by Dali , and street art in particular .
In addition to a vast selection of the master 's works including original oils on canvas , bronze sculptures , watercolours and gouaches , many decorative objects made out of gold by the artist from “ The Gold Collection ” , Daum glass pastes , surrealist furniture , portfolios , jewellery and dresses styled by major fashion designers inspired by the works of Dali , the exhibition will showcase a wide range of authentic works paintings , lithographs , gouaches , costumes , objects , films , photos , sculptures , manuscripts on loan from the Stratton Foundation , la cinémathèque de Paris , the Niezen-Quievy Foundation… and a series of private collectors . www.expodali.be
I 'm so glad I had an excuse to drink heavily after Saturday 's game .
Drinking alone would have been more fitting , but spending the evening with friends did allow me to forget some defending that was even more nightmarish that Jools Holland 's Hootenanny .
The defeat at Turf Moor was a fitting end to Sunderland 's year . Hope at the start due to beginning the game brightly , followed by that hope being repeatedly crushed .
There 's no shame in losing away to Burnley , they 're the definition of a “ tough place to go ” this season . At least make them work for it though .
All The Clarets had to was ping the ball long and our players may as well have used their white shirts as flags to signal surrender .
The manager ca n't be blameless in defeats such as this but I certainly have a degree of sympathy for David Moyes .
What can they do about Steven Pienaar falling over absolutely nothing , with no one anywhere near him ? They could stop giving them chance after chance , I suppose .
One thing Moyes definitely ca n't help is two defenders going up for the same header . They were probably just as furious as the fans when witnessed such basic , avoidable mistakes .
To round things off , we even managed to pick up another couple of injuries . We may be already losing Kone to the Africa Cup Of Nations but their injury meant an early reshuffle of an already fragile defence .
Just what you need in a team that 's only kept two clean sheets all season – even more disruption .
So by the time Victor Anichebe pulled up with a hamstring problem , it looked like our entire game plan was out the window .
It could be an issue that sidelines Big Vic for a prolonged period , so it 's a good job the transfer window is open , right ? Wrong .
There reportedly is no money to patch the squad back together , let alone strengthen it and we seem to rely heavily on having a target man up front . So it 's hard to be “ happy ” about all things Sunderland as we enter the New Year .
We can take some solace from the fact that we know many who underperformed are capable of better .
Players like Papy Djilobodji had been looking solid recently and he 'll have to move on quickly , given the lack of numbers at the back . Fabio Borini will need to get back up speed , as we 're running out of forwards .
Someone in the midfield will have to become the man to drive the team on as this is a team lacking leaders at the moment .
It was a dreadful end to a year that had promised so much . But it would n't be Sunderland if they did n't let you down . The comforting familiarity of having your hopes built up , subconsciously knowing you 're foolish to ever have faith .
Hopefully our resignation to plummeting is proved just be as silly , but I sadly think we 'll be spending next year 's Hootenanny discussing whether or not we 'll finish in the play-off places .
* The Wise Men Say podcast is available from every Monday , with SAFC debate from a variety of guests and post-match reaction from David Moyes . You can stream it direct from wisemensay.co.uk or subscribe to it on iTunes
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro ( C ) saluting next to their wife Cilia Flores as they arrive for the celebrations for the seventh anniversary of the Bolivarian Militia in Caracas on April 17 , 2017 ( AFP Photo/HO )
Caracas ( AFP ) - Venezuela 's defense minister on Monday declared the army 's loyalty to President Nicolas Maduro , who ordered troops into the streets ahead of a major protest by opponents trying to oust him .
Venezuela is bracing for what Maduro 's opponents vow will be the `` mother of all protests '' Wednesday , after two weeks of clashes between police and demonstrators protesting against moves by the leftist leader and their allies to tighten their grip on power .
The center-right opposition has called on the military -- a pillar of Maduro 's power -- to turn on the president amid an economic and political crisis that has triggered severe food shortages , riots and looting .
But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said the army `` confirms its unconditional loyalty to the president . ''
They made the comment before thousands of rifle-carrying members of the pro-Maduro `` Bolivarian militia , '' who cheered with fists raised at a rally outside the presidential palace .
Maduro thanked the army and the militia for their support and announced they planned to expand the latter civilian force to half a million armed members .
`` Loyalty is repaid with loyalty , '' they said .
- Maduro rallies army -
The rally came hours after Maduro ordered the military into the streets to defend the leftist `` Bolivarian revolution '' launched by their late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999 .
`` From the first reveille ( on Monday morning ) , from the first rooster crow , the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets ... saying , 'Long live the Bolivarian revolution , ' '' they said Sunday night in a televised address .
They called for the militia to be in `` permanent training '' and `` permanent deployment '' to defend Venezuela against `` any imperialist aggression '' -- a thinly veiled reference to the United States .
Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles dismissed Maduro 's announcement .
`` The old fogey has announced one rifle for every militia member . They are more desperate than ever , '' Capriles wrote on Twitter .
`` Venezuela does not want rifles , it wants food and medicine ! ''
- 'Repression ' -
Venezuela has been rocked by unrest since March 30 , when Maduro 's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature .
The court partly backtracked after an international outcry , but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on Capriles .
Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as demonstrators clashed with riot police firing tear gas , water cannons and rubber bullets .
Non-government groups have accused the authorities of repression of protesters and of using firearms to put down the rallies .
Padrino Lopez on Monday blamed the violence on criminals , retorting that `` action by the state to restore public order can not be called repression . ''
- Big protest called -
Maduro 's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday , a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela 's independence struggle in 1810 .
The president 's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day .
It is a touchy date in Venezuela , where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist , left-wing nationalism around the fight for independence from colonial Spain and around the hero of the struggle , Simon Bolivar .
Maduro is fighting efforts to force them from power as Venezuela flounders through a crippling three-year recession and confronts the world 's highest inflation rate .
Venezuela has the world 's largest oil reserves , but the fall in global crude prices since 2014 has laid bare its overwhelming dependence on its chief export .
Lacking the oil dollars it once used to import nearly everything else , the country has been hit by severe shortages of food , medicine and basic goods like deodorant and toilet paper .
With some 165,000 troops and 25,000 reserves , the army controls production and distribution of basic foods .
Eleven of Maduro 's 32 government ministers are current or retired military officers .
Why it matters to you Hybrids , plug-in hybrids , and all-electric vehicles may only account for 4 percent of the global market today , but this could more than triple by 2023 .
Sales of Toyota 's hybrid cars show no sign of hitting the brakes as the Japanese car giant this week announced it 's now sold more than 10 million of its environmentally friendly motors worldwide .
The company reached the milestone at the end of January , nearly 20 years after it first deployed the technology in the Coaster Hybrid EV minibus in August , 1997 . The popular Prius model – the world 's first mass-produced hybrid passenger car – hit Japanese roads in December of the same year , before coming to the U.S. in 2000 .
“ When we launched Prius , no one even knew what a hybrid was , ” said Toyota chairperson Takeshi Uchiyamada , a man popularly known as the father of Prius for their pioneering work on the technology . “ Those who drove it were called geeks or other names . Today , thanks to those early adopters who gave Prius a chance , hybrids have grown in popularity , and have ridden a wave of success out of the unknown and into the mainstream . ”
Car buyers around the world appear to be showing a growing interest in Toyota 's gas-electric fuel savers , with the company noting that more than 10 percent of the sales came in the last 12 months .
In the U.S. alone , the car manufacturer saw sales of its hybrids and plug-in hybrids reach a cumulative total of more than three million units as of December 31 , 2016 . Meanwhile , Japan remains Toyota 's biggest market for cars incorporating the green technology .
More : Digital Trends ' pick of the best hybrid cars you can buy
Going by its own data , the Japanese automaker said that the use of its hybrid vehicles — as an alternative to regular gasoline-powered automobiles of similar size and driving performance — has resulted in around 77 million fewer tons of CO2 emissions and saved about 7.66 billion gallons of gasoline ( 29 million kiloliters ) .
At the current time , the company has 33 different Toyota and Lexus hybrid models on the market in more than 90 countries and regions .
Looking at all automakers , research firm JATO Dynamics estimates that global sales of alternative vehicles — such as hybrids , plug-in hybrids , and all-electric — will increase to 11 million by 2023 , taking 14.2 percent of the overall market , up from around 4 percent today .
No Ordinary Match
David S. Evangelista is President and Managing Director of Special Olympics Europe Eurasia .
NAIROBI , Kenya , Mar 19 2018 ( IPS ) - The parched earth made for a tough football pitch , but the youth of Loresho Primary school were determined . It was blue against yellow- two teams competing for the coveted prize of pride and victory .
In every way , this was the typical backdrop of a primary school . Pressed uniforms , dust rising from the running feet of an active student body , and the buzz of chatter among the hundreds of students present .
This was anything but the standard schoolyard football match , as could be seen from the profiles of guests who had come to witness it : Them Excellency Margaret Kenyatta , the First Lady of the Republic of Kenya , journalists from leading media organizations , Special Olympics Kenya and Lions Clubs International .
The latter two are civic organizations leading a crusade of support to communities throughout the country under the banner of a partnership titled “ Mission : Inclusion . ”
What set this match apart had nothing to do with who was off the pitch , and everything to do with who was on it . Youth with intellectual disabilities , the most marginalized population subset across the world , teamed up with mainstream youth- among them the Lions Clubs International youth network Leos- to showcase the transformative power that a simple inclusive football match can have on the way in which people view ‘ ability ' , ‘ disability ' , and themselves .
The real score on the day was that of equality . Youth with and without intellectual disabilities teamed up to show a global group of civic , political , and industry leaders that social inclusion is indeed the future of the nation , the continent , and the world .
Special Olympics Kenya works to improve the lives people with disabilities through the power of sport- and a range of additional services that sport makes possible . The organization , whose patron is First Lady Margaret Kenyatta , provides free health screenings , education , early childhood development and self-advocacy training . It currently works with about 50,000 participating athletes across the country .
Lions Clubs International provides health benefits , family education seminars , and the grass-roots mobilization necessary to support a population largely invisible in developed and developing nations alike . Through their state of the art hospitals , community-based network of volunteers , youth leaders and more- Lions Clubs around the world make the impossible possible for a group very much on the margins .
In addition , and through the simple power of play , Special Olympics and Lions Clubs International are working in communities across the country to ensure that individuals with intellectual disabilities , namely children , have the social protection , health care , and access to education that every citizen is entitled .
At the recent Lions at the United Nations event in Nairobi , the partnership between Special Olympics and Lions Clubs International was highlighted as a strong example of the key role that civil society has in ensuring full achievement of the SDGs .
United Nations Resident Coordinator in Kenya Siddharth Chatterjee said that the Mission : Inclusion campaign is in keeping with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities . It also reiterates that persons with disabilities should be seen not only as beneficiaries of support , but as an empowered and empowering source of social , cultural , political , and economic development .
With the recognized link between disability , social exclusion and poverty , development frameworks must mainstream disability if countries are to achieve the SDGs , they said
“ The association of Lions with both the United Nations and Special Olympics ensures that we align our strategies to complement the SDGs , but still never lose sight of reaching the most vulnerable and marginalized population in our endeavors , ” remarked Lions Past International Director Dr Manoj Shah .
The Lions Clubs International youth network , Leos , play a significant role in the empowerment of youth with disabilities . Through their innovation , vision and enthusiasm , Leos are helping to change the narrative on disability , and are charting a new social dialogue on the role that youth play in transforming their communities- for youth of all abilities .
“ The Leos- and the Lions Clubs International family- have a unique and growing role in the movement of Special Olympics , ” said Annemarie Hill , Senior Director of Global Development for Special Olympics . “ Through their leadership and deep engagement , they are using the power of sport to bring a population long in the shadows of their communities into the spotlight – empowering them to be seen as they are- contributing to the national fabric . ”
As the blue and yellow teams gathered to be awarded their medals , an exuberance took over the pitch . In an age where individuals are categorized as winners and losers , the platform of “ Mission : Inclusion ” offered by Special Olympics and Lions Clubs International has positioned all youth- of all abilities- as the drivers of social change in their communities .
That is a victory for all of us .
Saudi Arabia 's hawkish young crown prince has made it clear that their patience is wearing thin . They have accused Iran of waging proxy wars across the Arab world , through Shiite groups in Yemen , Syria , Lebanon and Bahrain . In an interview with CBS ' “ 60 Minutes , '' they repeated their assertion that Ayatollah Khamenei is the Middle East 's “ Hitler ” and must be stopped before it 's too late .
`` Saudi Arabia does not want to acquire any nuclear bomb , ” bin Salman said in the interview , which aired Sunday . “ But without a doubt , if Iran developed a nuclear bomb , we will follow suit as soon as possible . ''
Energy Secretary Rick Perry traveled last month to London to discuss a deal that would allow the U.S. to sell nuclear reactors to Saudi Arabia . The discussions addressed so-called 123 agreements under the Atomic Energy Act , which contain a set of nonproliferation conditions on how the partner country maintains U.S.-obligated items .
The agreements include conditions that require assurances of peaceful use and prohibitions on uranium enrichment and reprocessing of spent fuel .
Saudi Arabia is currently one of three countries with which the U.S. is negotiating a 123 agreement , but the kingdom has long been reluctant , insisting that uranium enrichment is a matter of national sovereignty . While relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel have improved in recent years , Israel has made clear it does n't want to see Riyadh retain a right to enrich or reprocess uranium .
“ [ MBS ] may try to buy the reactors elsewhere , which wo n't particularly help them because the U.S. will probably use its influence to make sure that wherever they go , they do n't get enrichment or reprocessing capabilities , ” said Simon Henderson , the Baker fellow and director of the gulf and energy policy program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy .
Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , Jared Kushner , whose budding friendship with bin Salman was seen as key to warmer U.S.-Saudi ties , is facing problems of their own , including troubles with their security clearance to questions and loans involving their family business .
Kushner traveled to Riyadh last fall and discussed their efforts to broker an agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians with bin Salman .
Some weeks later , Saudi Arabia publicly condemned a decision by the Trump administration to recognize Jerusalem , one of the holiest cities in Judaism , Islam and Christianity , as Israel 's official capital . Saudi officials say that they continue to pressure the administration to back down on plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem , but Trump said this month that those plans are on track and a small version of the embassy will open this summer .
The Saudi crown prince is not scheduled to hold a news conference or issue a public statement when they visit the White House this week . Officials described the stop in Washington as more of a courtesy call before they embark on a tour that includes meetings with American leaders in energy , technology and cinema . The 32-year-old crown prince is seeking opportunities to help translate their proposed reforms into realities , including advancements in public health and investments in the tech and film industries .
Video
A children 's play based on the story of the Central Park lovebirds is coming to the Birmingham Repertory Theatre .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
SUSPENDED POLICEMAN AWAITING PUBLIC HEARING
Samson Ledger
Suspended Samson Assistant Police Chief Darrell Smith is still awaiting a public hearing after the regular Samson City Council meeting on February 7th .
Smith was suspended with pay pending a hearing that Smith said they chose to have as a public hearing . There has been no comment on why Smith was suspended , nor any date of Smith 's hearing by City Hall .
City Attorney Jeff Hatcher said at the council meeting that council should make no comment on the case until the hearing , as council members will be the jury to hear the case .
Image copyright PA Image caption The crowd of around 300 marched silently towards Ladbroke Grove
Hundreds of people have marched silently through the streets around Grenfell Tower in west London to mark two months since the fire which left at least 80 dead .
There was complete quiet as the procession of about 300 started in the shadow of the charred block of flats .
Some people walked with the crutches or joined the march in wheelchairs .
Residents ' groups have declared a vote of no confidence in the organisation which manages the tower .
Image copyright PA Image caption The crowd of around 300 included children being pushed in prams and carried by their parents
People of all ages and all backgrounds took part as it worked its way to nearby Ladbroke Grove before returning to finish near a memorial wall for those who lost their lives .
Some carried lit candles or banners calling for `` justice for Grenfell '' as they walked without speaking through the mainly residential streets of north Kensington .
Image copyright PA Image caption The group marched around the charred tower block
Thousands of residents in Kensington and Chelsea are calling on their council to terminate its contract with the organisation that managed Grenfell Tower .
Two months after the fire , the leaders of 16 residents ' associations throughout the borough have written an open letter to the leader of the council expressing no confidence in the Tenant Management Organisation ( TMO ) claiming it is no longer fit for purpose .
Leaders of Residents Associations and other groups called on Elizabeth Campbell , Leader of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea to end the TMO 's contract .
It says there is a fundamental breach of care and public trust which is beyond repairs and that residents have no confidence in the TMO 's ability to manage social housing in the borough .
A Kensington and Chelsea council spokesperson said : `` We fully realise that the Council has lost public trust . But we are determined to act properly , thoroughly and fairly to restore public trust over time .
`` We are looking at all options for managing our own housing into the future . This will obviously include options for alternative management other than the KCTMO .
`` We will , of course , consult with residents , the TMO and other potential housing partners on all options . ''
By JASON DEAREN
Associated Press
Federal accident investigators on Tuesday will determine the probable cause of the sinking of the cargo ship El Faro , the worst maritime disaster for a U.S.-flagged vessel in decades that resulted in the deaths of 33 mariners .
The National Transportation Safety Board is expected to issue more than 50 safety recommendations related to the Oct. 1 , 2015 loss of 790-foot-long ( 240-meter ) ship near the Bahamas .
The fully loaded El Faro sank about 34 hours after leaving Jacksonville , Florida , on a cargo run to Puerto Rico . The freighter lost propulsion while sailing through Hurricane Joaquin , eventually coming to rest 15,000-feet ( 4,570 meters ) on the sea floor .
The NTSB says the board will address problems with weather forecasting , management of the ship , the suitability of the ship 's lifeboats and the oversight of the vessel by its owner , TOTE Maritime , Inc .
The board 's final report comes after one issued by the U.S. Coast Guard on the second anniversary of the ship 's sinking . The Coast Guard 's report found the primary cause to be with the ship Capt . Michael Davidson , who they said underestimated the strength of the hurricane and overestimated the 40-year-old old ship 's strength .
According to transcripts of audio recovered from the ship 's voyage data recorder , or `` black box , '' Davidson refused suggestions by their crew to take a slower , safer route as the storm grew into a Category 3 hurricane .
The recorder caught the final hours of the ship 's increasingly desperate crew as they tried to save the El Faro and themselves .
But the Coast Guard also said the ship 's owner TOTE had violated safety regulations to ensure the crew was well rested , and that the company had not replaced a safety officer management position .
TOTE also had stopped employing port helpers who helped safely load cargo on the ships . The Coast Guard found that El Faro 's crew had difficulty keeping up with the brisk loading pace required to keep the ship on schedule .
The ship also had open-top lifeboats , unlike the closed-top lifeboats used on modern ships . While legal , the ship 's use of the older-style boats was only allowed because of an exemption to safety rules for older ships like the El Faro .
The Coast Guard is seeking civil penalties against TOTE , but not criminal .
Larry Brennan , a professor of maritime law at Fordham Law School and a retired U.S. Navy captain , said the NTSB 's findings could create a safer working environment for mariners in the future . For example , the board could help by calling for the removal of the safety exemption that allowed the El Faro to legally use old lifeboats .
`` No one should use open boats in rough weather , or any weather , '' Brennan said . `` If the NTSB takes an aggressive course , they may be able to effectively change regulations and policies that will enhance safety at sea . ''
___
Follow Jason Dearen on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/JHDearen
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In this Jan. 3 , 2018 , photo released by the U.S. Navy , a Naval Station vessel , right , prepares to assist the future USS Omaha
LCS 12 ) , a 218-foot-long littoral combat ship , pier side during a brief fuel stop in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The Omaha was conducting a change of homeport to San Diego , Calif .
DOWNLOAD VIDEO : Play – Kofi Kinaata
Kofi Kinaata has finally dropped the official music video for their new play song ” Play ” . Check it out below and do n't forget to share ! !
The post DOWNLOAD VIDEO : Play – Kofi Kinaata appeared first on Ngyab .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina — Kyle Larson has been in Chase Elliott ‘ s shoes .
Not too long ago , the Chip Ganassi Racing driver went 98 starts in NASCAR 's premier series without a trip to victory lane .
Then came start No . 99 .
In August 2016 at Michigan International Speedway , a late restart with eight laps to go saw Larson get the jump on Elliott . Larson wound up celebrating with their steering wheel thrust out the window and Elliott was left lamenting , “ I hate to let my guys down like that . ”
It has become a common refrain from the Hendrick Motorsports driver .
More than a year later , Larson now has five Cup wins . After a crushing second-place finish to Kyle Busch last week at Dover , Elliott sits at 70 Cup starts and zero wins .
“ ( Elliott ) has probably run second as many times as I did before the first win and been close just as often as I have , maybe even in some cases more often , ” Larson said Friday at Charlotte Motor Speedway .
Larson finished second four times before their triumph . Elliott has had to settle for second five times . Two of those have been to Larson at Michigan .
“ I put myself in a lot of positions to win throughout the first two-and-a-half years of my NASCAR career and I seem to kind of choke , I guess , late in the races , ” Larson said . “ But in each of those losses I had , I learned something from each of them and I became calmer at each of them . ”
For Elliott , who is in the second round of the Cup playoffs , there 's far less , “ I hate to let my guys down like that . ”
The second-year driver is shouldering more of the responsibility .
“ I appreciate my team and their efforts today , ” Elliott said on Sunday . “ The pit stops were great and they kept us in the ballgame . I did n't . ”
Larson has noticed the change .
“ He seems extremely mature so I 'm sure he 's dealing with it fine , ” Larson said . “ So far this year , they have dealt with all the close finishes way better than they had last year . I think that is a case of them learning from each of those losses and just becoming calmer and more mature . They will win , and when they win one , they are going to win a lot , similar to kind of what I did this year . ”
But before the start of the playoffs , Elliott disagreed with the notion that their reaction to close losses has “ evolved . ”
“ The circumstances have been different , ” Elliott said the week before the playoff opener and an encumbered second-place finish . “ When a race did n't end the way that I wanted it to end because it 's something that I did , I 'm going to take a lot of blame , I 'm just going to own up to my mistakes . I 'm going to be frustrated with the fact that I know I did n't do my job correctly . When it 's out of my hands , I ca n't do anything about it , those are the days you just have to recognize I could n't do anything about it .
“ But the ones that frustrate me the most are the ones I know I could have done something different to fix it . ”
Follow @ DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
By Kiyapili Sibanda
Barclays Bank Zimbabwe managing director Mr George Guvamatanga has quit the organisation after 28 years of service .
In a statement yesterday , chairperson , Mr Antony Mandiwanza , said Mr Guvamatanga had retired from the bank with effect from November 2017 following the successful of completion of the transaction between Barclays Bank PLC and FMB Capital Holdings .
“ Following the successful completion of the transaction between Barclays Bank PLC and FMB Capital Holdings , the board of directors for Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe would like to inform all stakeholders that the managing director of Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe , Mr George Guvamatanga has retired from the bank with immediate effect from November 2017 in order to pursue other interests .
“ The bank is deeply indebted to George for their 28 years of dedicated service , 10 of which they were the managing director of Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe . George steered the business through difficult times whilst managing to lead the bank 's growth scale and profitability over the period , ” said Mr Mandiwanza .
Mr Samuel Matsekete , the chief finance officer , has been appointed acting managing director . In October , Malawi Stock Exchange listed FMB Capital Holdings completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Barclays Bank Zimbabwe after receiving approvals for all regulatory requirements . The Chronicle
CINCINNATI ( AP ) - The Cincinnati Reds traded right-hander Dylan Floro and a minor league pitcher to the Los Angeles Dodgers for two minor league pitchers on Wednesday .
The Reds also optioned utility player Brandon Dixon to Triple-A Louisville and recalled Tanner Rainey and Cody Reed from Louisville to bolster a depleted bullpen .
The Dodgers sent James Marinan and Anerurys Zabala to the Reds for Floro , Zach Neal and international signing bonus pool space . Marinan will report to Billings of the rookie-level Pioneer League and Zabala to Single-A Dayton .
Floro was 3-2 with a 2.72 earned-run average in 25 relief appearances this season with Cincinnati .
Rainey has no record in five previous stints with the Reds this season . Reed has spent the entire season with the Bats .
Dixon hit .219 with a home run and two runs batted in over 29 games , including 2-for-8 with two RBIs as a pinch-hitter .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Interest Successfully Added
We 'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest ?
First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day 's most important political stories and why they matter
Piecing together all of the different Russia-Trump stories
Another day , another story about Russia involving Team Trump . This time , according to both the New York Times and CNN , it 's that members of the Trump campaign had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence figures . ( NBC News has not independently confirmed these reports . ) `` Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election , according to four current and former American officials , '' the Times writes . `` High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , '' CNN adds . Before these stories were published , the Trump White House denied that campaign officials had contact with the Russians . Neither the Times article nor the CNN report contains a smoking gun . But then add them to all of the other Russia-Trump storylines :
Trump 's constant praise of Russia 's Vladimir Putin ( `` Great move on delay ( by V. Putin ) - I always knew they were very smart ! '' Trump tweeted during the transition ) .
Russia 's interference in the 2016 presidential election to benefit Trump 's campaign .
Trump 's embrace of that interference ( `` Boy , I love reading those WikiLeaks , '' they said in the final days of the '16 campaign ) .
And National Security Adviser Michael Flynn 's resignation after misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other Trump officials about their communication with Russia 's ambassador .
Isolated , these seem to be unprecedented stories for a presidential campaign or incoming new administration . But taken together , they have the potential -- and we have to stress that word right now -- to be something even bigger . Meanwhile , President Trump has reacted via Twitter to the newest Russia-related stories . `` This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign , '' they said . `` Information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) .Just like Russia . ''
Pence was kept in the dark for two full weeks about Flynn 's inconsistencies
On `` Today '' this morning , NBC 's Hallie Jackson has more on Flynn 's resignation . `` At the White House , new revelations Vice President Mike Pence did n't know Mike Flynn may have misled them about a call with the Russian ambassador -- for two full weeks - after the president was notified about potential inconsistencies . '' Jackson adds , `` NBC News is the first to report the vice president was in the dark until this past Thursday when media reports surfaced , indicating the now-former national security adviser may have talked sanctions in a call with the Russian ambassador . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed GOP senator wonders : Can the WH stabilize itself ? 10:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
NBC 's Pete Williams : Flynn unlikely to face legal jeopardy
Per NBC 's Pete Williams , the FBI interviewed Flynn shortly after they took office about their conversations with the Russian ambassador , but this was part of the FBI 's bigger investigation into Russia 's interference in the 2016 election . And Williams adds , according to two sources , the FBI does n't believe Flynn will face legal jeopardy . One possible problem for Flynn is if they lied to FBI agents . But the people Williams spoke with do n't believe this will be a problem .
Washington Post : Trump wo n't emphasize the need for a two-state solution to Middle East peace
At noon ET , President Trump holds a news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu . And the Washington Post reports that Trump wo n't emphasize the need for a two-state solution for Middle East peace . `` President Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will formally inaugurate their partnership Wednesday in talks that could shape a new approach by Washington that does not emphasize on a two-state peace framework for the region . Such a move , outlined by a U.S. official before the meetings , would mark a sharp contrast to Obama administration policies that strongly supported the two-state formula as the best option for potential peace deals between Israel and Palestinians . Many Palestinians also would view the shift as a virtual abandonment of the principle adopted by preceding administrations , both Republican and Democrat . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed 'Bleak ' poll numbers for Trump 2:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Tension in DNC chair race coming from outside the party -- not inside
Here 's a dispatch from NBC 's Alex Seitz-Wald and one of us on the DNC chair race , which takes place on Feb. 25 : `` A largely unspoken truth about the race to be the Democratic National Committee 's next chairperson is that the major candidates agree on almost all the issues -at least the ones relevant to the job they 're pursuing ... They want to reinstate a 50-state strategy , focus more on organizing , establish greater transparency at the DNC and heal the wounds from the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries . Another truth : Many of the 447 DNC members who get to cast a vote for chairperson later this month will be pleased if any of the frontrunners , especially Rep. Keith Ellison ( D-Minn. ) or former Labor Secretary Tom Perez , ends up winning ... Instead , most of the tension in the race is coming from Democrats and progressives outside the candidate field and DNC party membership , who view the contest as another proxy fight between Bernie Sanders and the so-called Democratic establishment , including Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama . ''
Trump Cabinet Watch
`` Retired wrestling executive Linda McMahon was easily confirmed by the Senate Tuesday to run the federal Small Business Administration , '' the Hartford Courant writes . That means now 12 members of Trump 's team have won Senate confirmation .
Secretary of State : Rex Tillerson CONFIRMED
Attorney General : Jeff Sessions CONFIRMED
Treasury : Steve Mnuchin CONFIRMED
Defense : JamesMattis CONFIRMED
Homeland : John Kelly CONFIRMED
Interior : Ryan Zinke NOMINATED
HHS : Tom Price CONFIRMED
HUD : Ben Carson NOMINATED
Education : Betsy DeVos CONFIRMED
Commerce : Wilbur Ross NOMINATED
Transportation : Elaine Chao CONFIRMED
Labor : Andy Puzder NOMINATED
Agriculture : Sonny Perdue NOMINATED
Energy : Rick Perry NOMINATED
Veterans Affairs : David Shulkin CONFIRMED
OMB Director : Mick Mulvaney NOMINATED
U.S Trade Representative : Robert Lighthizer NOMINATED
UN Ambassador : Nikki Haley CONFIRMED
Environmental Protection Agency : Scott Pruitt NOMINATED
Small Business Administration : Linda McMahon CONFIRMED
CIA Director : Mike Pompeo CONFIRMED
What were other new presidents doing on February 15 ?
In honor of Independence Day—a U.S. holiday—The Mac Observer is taking off Wednesday , July 4th . We will return on Thursday , July 5th , with our usual Apple , Mac , iPad iPhone , and Apple Watch news . TMO 's Daily Observations podcast is taking off the holiday , too . Enjoy the holiday !
Video
Ian Blackford claimed the Conservatives were `` systematically shielding their donations from public scrutiny '' as they asked what checks were made by Scottish Tory MPs before accepting money .
Theresa May said all Scottish Conservative donations were `` accepted and declared in accordance with the law '' , and the party worked with Electoral Commission to `` make sure it was all done properly '' .
In response to a separate question about alleged breaches of electoral law by the Vote Leave campaign , the prime minister said they would not comment on a leaked report .
Prime Minister 's Questions : The verdict
CARBONDALE , Ill. — Kavion Pippen scored 21 points and Armon Fletcher 's go-ahead 3-pointer from the left baseline helped propel Southern Illinois to a 65-59 win over Valparaiso on Saturday night .
Fletcher 's lone 3 of the night broke a 59-all tie with 44 seconds left , Tyler Smithpeters added two foul shots and Fletcher made 1 of 2 to close out the game . Fletcher finished with 12 points . Tevonn Walker made a pair of free throws with 2:21 to go that gave the Crusaders a 59-56 lead but Valpo never scored again , missing its last five shots . Pippen , who shot 9 of 11 from the field , tied it with 2:10 to go with a 3-point play .
Valpo lead 31-25 at halftime before Southern Illinois ( 16-9 , 8-4 Missouri Valley Conference ) outscored the Crusaders 16-10 in the first 7 1/2 minutes after the break and tied it at 41 .
Walker led the Crusaders ( 12-13 , 3-9 ) with 16 points and Bakari Evelyn and Markus Golder each scored 13 .
Bristol Rovers defender Tom Broadbent describes their remarkable journey from serving as a Lance Bombardier in Afghanistan to becoming a professional footballer .
Watch more on Football Focus - Saturday 7 October from 12:00 BST on BBC One and the BBC Sport website .
Allow me to cast my vote in favor of doing away with Daylight Savings Time .
There were various reasons stated for making Daylight Savings Time standard in the U.S. in 1966 , after using it temporarily during both world wars . Energy savings and the promotion of outdoor activities are the most widely-credited reasons .
( Note : It did n't take long after this article was posted online for someone to correct me that it 's Daylight Saving Time , not Savings . I found sources both ways , I 'm sticking with Savings . )
The energy-saving reference is apparently for things like electricity , rather than human beings . For most people , Daylight Savings Time brings on a permanent feeling of exhaustion and fatigue , cured only by a return to Eastern Standard Time in October .
Of course , in this age of video games and smartphones loaded with fun apps , there are no such things anymore as outdoor activities . Oh sure , sometimes people will sit outside to play games on their smartphones , but it 's not necessary .
In fact , most of us do n't like to be separated from our electronic media devices , such as our televisions , even when we 're outside . Outdoor flat screens on patios or decks designed to show movies or TV shows are increasingly common . We 're willing to go outside , but only if we can watch TV .
I would prefer staying on Eastern Standard Time , where it gets dark at a reasonable hour . Even during the longest day of summer , God obviously wanted it to get dark no later than around 8 p.m. Now it 's light until 9 or 9:30 p.m. through most of June or July . It makes me uneasy that we 're playing around with nature like that .
Our dog , Paisley – we named them after their collar and leash — has n't been themselves since the time change . I go to wake them up around 8 a.m. and she 's still sound asleep , in spite of the fact that I changed the clock in their room .
Darkness descending as it naturally should help the world quiet down a little bit . More daylight just encourages more commotion . I am anti-commotion .
Studies show that Daylight Savings Time is bad . Take my word for it . You probably wo n't take my word for it , so I 'll quote someone called a “ chronobiologist ” who will agree with me , which will make what I say more credible .
From a Washington Post story : “ 'Light does n't do the same things to the body in the morning and the evening , ' Till Roenneberg , a chronobiologist at Ludwig-Maximilians University , told National Geographic . Roenneberg actually believes that our sleep clock might not ever adjust to our self-imposed Daylight Savings Time shifts — which is kind of a terrifying thought . ‘ More light in the morning would advance the body clock , and that would be good . But more light in the evening would even further delay the body clock , ' Roenneberg said . ”
See ? Now you have to believe me , because a chronobiologist agreed with me . Our sleep clock “ might not ever adjust ” to Daylight Savings Time . NOT EVER !
Sorry , I 'll calm down . I 'm just extra irritable due to Daylight Savings Time .
To be fair , that same story says that a Facebook study shows that “ folks are actually in a better mood in general when Daylight Savings Time starts — presumably because we get to do fun , sunshine-y , springy things instead of emerging into the twilight when school and work end . ”
Naturally , that came from a Facebook study which , thanks to the Russians , is full of fake news . Do not believe the Facebook study ! Believe the chronobiologist ! As I pointed out , nobody does sunshine-y , springy things . We have our smartphones .
City councils , school boards and other such public bodies that meet in the evenings are adversely affected by Daylight Savings Time . Why ? Because people hate going to meetings when it 's so nice outside and they could be sitting on their porches or patios playing on their smartphones .
Studies show that most of the really , really bad decisions made by councils and school boards are made during the months when Daylight Savings Time is in force . If you do n't believe me , I 'll find a chronobiologist to say so .
Daylight Savings Time also negatively impacts me because it 's still dark when I get up . As everyone knows , I come to work very , very early , and do n't believe Rocky Coss if they tell you otherwise . They might be a good judge , but he 's no chronobiologist .
History probably would have been negatively impacted by Daylight Savings Time if it had been in practice . The famous midnight ride of Paul Revere probably would n't have happened until 1 a.m. because of everyone playing on their smartphones late into the evening . The British would have come and conquered , and today we 'd all be forced to buy wedding gifts for Meghan Markle .
In conclusion , to paraphrase a quote from my favorite movie , “ Bride of Frankenstein , ” Eastern Standard Time good , Daylight Savings Time bad . Fire bad , as always , with or without the time change .
Reach Gary Abernathy at 937-393-3456 , or follow on Twitter @ AbernathyGary .
http : //www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/03/web1_Gary-Abernathy-CMYK-5.jpg
Alex Monney and their wife Jess were having their bathroom remodeled when their contractor uncovered a message from the past .
Alongside a photo of the couple who last remodeled , was the message “ Hi ! We 're the Shinseki 's ! We remodeled this bathroom summer 1995 . If you 're reading this , that means you 're remodeling the bathroom again . What 's wrong with the way we did it ? ! ? ”
There was also a photo of a rabbit that said “ Hi ! I 'm Cassie the Bunny Rabbit . I lived here too ! ( I 'm potty trained ) ” and “ I 'm going to be the next Cadberry [ sic ] Bunny ”
The tweet from Alex has gone viral .
People are speculating about the OG couple .
Some just want to know that Cassie the Bunny is OK .
Have you ever found something in the wall when doing a remodel ? Apparently there is a tradition among builders to put a can in the wall when building houses .
Some people shared what they found hidden in their walls :
Rachel said it well “ The best part about this is these sweet people did it before social media . So it was just for the simple joy of knowing another couple would see it someday and giggle . ”
Follow the original tweet to see what Alex and Jess will add to the wall !
We 're remodeling our bathroom and our contractor just sent us this @ Jess_Monney pic.twitter.com/CgaguMhgMf — Alex Monney ( @ alexmonney ) July 3 , 2018
Have you ever found anything hidden on or in your walls ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Revellers inhale the gas from balloons - it can distort sound , create feelings of euphoria or trigger a headache
Wholesalers in the Netherlands say that in the past two years there has been a 400 % rise in sales of nitrous oxide , more commonly known as laughing gas .
New companies selling the small bullet-shaped canisters are popping up online , but there are concerns about the risks in taking the increasingly popular legal high . The BBC 's Anna Holligan investigates .
The pungent scent of marijuana wafted through the summer air outside Rotterdam 's reggae festival .
The Netherlands is famous for its traditionally relaxed attitude towards soft drugs .
`` I 'm looking for laughing gas , '' I call out .
`` I 'll give you laughter for free , '' joked one dreadlocked man , rolling a joint .
But this was n't the place to find nitrous oxide . It 's popular among clubbers and often used in combination with other drugs like MDMA ( ecstasy ) or ketamine .
What are the effects of nitrous oxide ?
Image caption A user intoxicated by laughing gas
It 's a depressant-type drug , which slows down your brain and your body 's responses .
The effects include :
Feelings of euphoria , relaxation and calmness
Dizziness , difficulty in thinking straight and fits of giggles or laughter
Sound distortions or even hallucinations
In some people , a headache
Source : Frank drugs advice
How dangerous is laughing gas ?
The reggae crowd recommended ordering it online - or buying it in Blokker . Could the most popular Dutch hardware chain be supplying a legal high ?
I entered the store , passing ironing boards and packed lunch boxes .
`` Excuse me , do you sell laughing gas canisters ? ''
Without hesitation , the middle-aged shop assistant turned around , reached inside a cupboard behind the counter , and handed over a small box containing 10 silver cartridges .
Nitrous oxide is used in the catering industry to pump whipped cream . It can be used to inflate bike tyres .
Women in labour are often offered it to take the edge off their contractions . Your dentist may have used it as an anaesthetic .
But it 's taking off as a relatively cheap and accessible drug of choice in the dance music scene . In the Netherlands , its use gained a boost when the government changed the law so it was no longer classed as a medicine .
Retailers say they try to discourage this . When asked for comment , Blokker said it had taken measures including making it available only on request and limiting the number of packages it sold to each customer .
History of tolerance
Soft drugs such as marijuana and hashish are actually illegal in the Netherlands . Anyone found selling , producing , dealing or in possession of these drugs is liable to prosecution .
However , the Netherlands applies a policy of tolerance in relation to the sale of soft drugs in coffee shops - so although it is considered a criminal offence , the Public Prosecution Service does not prosecute them .
`` Legal highs '' are openly sold in Amsterdam . The Netherlands attracts tourists keen to take advantage of the country 's liberal attitude to recreational drugs .
The Dutch philosophy regarding soft drugs can be summed up as `` inform and educate rather than legislate '' .
Members of the public are not prosecuted for possessing small quantities of soft drugs .
Source : Dutch government
`` Ryan '' tells me he 's a regular laughing gas user .
`` I got my first balloon here in Holland last summer , '' they say . `` Nobody was taking it then . This year it 's huge , huge . I 'm seeing canisters lying around on the street . ''
Image caption Discarded canisters are a tell-tale sign of recreational nitrous oxide use
The nitrous oxide canisters are usually inserted into aerosol dispensers . The gas is then blown into balloons and inhaled .
Home delivery companies specialising in the `` party gas '' have registered with the chamber of commerce . And you do n't need a licence to sell .
Ryan 's friends are making a fortune importing crates and selling it to tourists in Ibiza .
Suffocation risk
Deaths linked to laughing gas are rare .
Between 2008-15 , 15 people died in the UK as a result of asphyxiation , says the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs , their brains being starved of oxygen . A number of the deaths involved enclosed spaces .
Dutch drugs advisers warn that the drug can freeze your mouth and airways if taken directly from the aerosol spray , it can cause nausea and dizziness and increase the chance of a bad trip or panic attack if taken with other drugs .
If you have a cold it can damage your eardrum and cause deafness , and repeated use can cause a vitamin B12 deficiency - which can lead to neurological disorders , warns Dutch Drugs Info .
The prevailing wisdom in the Netherlands is that the most effective way to reduce drugs risk is to make sure people understand the effects of what they 're taking .
If the popularity of nitrous oxide continues to spread across Europe it could force countries to look into how and where this powerful substance is sold .
Actor Danny John-Jules has left the BBC crime drama as filming for series eight begins
It 's goodbye to Officer Dwayne Myers – because original Death in Paradise cast member Danny John-Jules is officially leaving the show .
Advertisement
The last time we saw Dwayne , they were telling their boss DI Jack Mooney ( Ardal O'Hanlon ) that they needed time off from the Saint Marie police force to track down their estranged father and repair that relationship . But those plans changed when their dad reappeared just moments later .
However , as filming for series eight begins in Guadeloupe , John-Jules has decided to leave the show on a high .
Executive producer Tim Key said in a statement : “ We 're very sad to have said goodbye to Danny , whose brilliant performance as Dwayne has helped make the show such a success . We wish Danny all the very best and look forward to working with them again . ”
Officer Myers ' departure means there 's a vacancy at Saint Marie police station – but not for long . Joining the team will be Commissioner Patterson 's niece Ruby , played by Shyko Amos .
“ Bundle of joy ” Officer Ruby Patterson is fresh out of police college , the BBC has revealed .
This eager new recruit will soon get down to solving crimes alongside their colleagues DI Mooney , DS Florence Cassell ( Joséphine Jobert ) , and Officer JP Hooper ( Tobi Bakare ) – but with Commissioner Selwyn Patterson ( Don Warrington ) as their uncle , that will present the team with a challenge or two .
Shyko Amos said : “ There is nothing quite like Death in Paradise on TV and it has n't quite sunk in yet that I 've joined such a massively popular show . It 's given me a butterfly or two but I 'm very excited ! Officer Ruby Patterson is a bundle of joy !
“ I am very excited for Death in Paradise viewers to experience them as the new member of the already amazing law enforcement team of Saint Marie . ”
Key added : “ We 're delighted to welcome Shyko to the team . She 's a really exciting young actor who has already made a huge impact on set as Officer Ruby Patterson . ”
Advertisement
This article was originally published on 25 April 2018
Manhattanhenge : It 's all about the angles copied !
Every year , around the summer solstice , the setting sun gives New York City an incredible , natural show : it aligns perfectly with the Manhattan street grid , suffusing everything with beautiful light– an effect made even more striking thanks to the frame of New York 's tall buildings . It 's called Manhattanhenge , a name popularized by famed astrophysicist – and native New Yorker – Neil deGrasse Tyson ; and you should be able to catch it tonight .
Read More
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. — The Dallas Cowboys needed a big win to stay in the playoff hunt and they got it with the big play in spoiling Steve Spagnuolo 's debut as New York interim coach and the return of quarterback Eli Manning to the Giants ' starting lineup .
Dak Prescott threw two of their three touchdown passes , including a go-ahead 20-yarder to Giants ' nemesis Jason Witten , and linebacker Sean Lee set up a touchdown run by Rod Smith as the Cowboys scored three times in a 4:41 span late in the fourth quarter to beat the still reeling Giants 30-10 on Sunday .
“ To me , the biggest part of this game was the finish , ” Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said . “ That 's always a huge emphasis for us , finishing plays , finishing drives and ultimately finishing the game . ”
The Cowboys ( 7-6 ) did just that in keeping their slim playoff hopes alive .
The biggest play might have been Prescott 's 54-yard third down pass play to Cole Beasley . Witten scored on the next play to break a 10-all tie with 7:38 to play and it seemed to take the air out of the Giants ( 2-11 ) .
“ We know what we got to do , ” Beasley said . “ We ca n't play that way . We have to focus on Dallas Cowboy football , taking it one at a time . You ca n't think ahead . We could win all of them and not get in . ”
After a punt , Rod Smith scored on an 81-yard pass play on third down with 4:08 to play and they closed out the scoring with 2:57 to play with their run on a play that looked as if no one on the Giants wanted to tackle him .
“ We knew we needed a play . Guys are n't panicking , ” Beasley said . “ I would n't say we were desperate . When you 're desperate , you start reaching a little bit , maybe start trying too hard . You have to stay within the system and stay within the game and keep playing and eventually have faith that those things will happen . ”
Prescott , who was 20 of 30 for a career-high 332 yards also threw a 50-yard scoring pass to Dez Bryant as the Cowboys stayed in the playoff hunt with three games left in the regular season . Dan Bailey added a 21-yard field goal as the Cowboys finished with 454 yards .
Manning , who got a standing ovation taking the field , threw a 1-yard TD pass to Rhett Ellison late in the second quarter that gave New York a brief 10-3 lead . Aldrick Rosas had a 39-yard field goal . Manning finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards with a touchdown and two late interceptions .
“ Nothing 's easy , but we hung in there and have played tough , ” Manning said . “ Dallas made a couple big plays , and we did n't . ”
The game capped a hectic week for the Giants that started Monday with the firing of second-year coach Ben McAdoo and general manager Jerry Reese and saw Spagnuolo promoted from defensive co-ordinator to interim coach . They coached the St. Louis Rams from 2009-11 .
The moves came with the Giants spiraling out of control in a season where much was expected following their first playoff appearance since 2011 .
Fans were also upset with the benching of Manning days earlier in a loss to Oakland , a decision that ended the two-time Super Bowl MVP 's streak of 210 consecutive starts .
“ I 'm really proud of the men in that locker room . I told them that , ” Spagnuolo said . “ After all we went through this week , I thought the way we came out and the way we played for three and a half quarters was something we could be proud of . We do have to figure out a way in the fourth quarter when it gets down to gut-wrenching time to make a play or two . ”
Losing close games has been a theme for the Giants this season , and it happened again despite all the changes .
“ We knew the situation that they were in , ” Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul said . “ We knew that they had to come and get this win to keep the run going for the playoffs and we just could n't execute and finish right . ”
Bailey , who usually never misses a field goal against the Giants , had a 53-yarder hit the right upright in the second quarter and they were wide right from 50 in the third .
The first half ended 10-all with both teams having long opening drives that ended in field goals and then getting late touchdowns passes .
Manning found Ellison from a yard out to cap a 68-yard drive and Prescott drove the Cowboys 75 yards in four plays with Bryant breaking a tackle and scoring from 50 .
UP NEXT
Cowboy : at Oakland on Sunday night .
Giants : host Philadelphia on Sunday .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and — http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
By MATT SUGAM
Associated Press
PISCATAWAY , N.J. ( AP ) - Vincent Edward had 18 points , seven rebounds and eight assists , and No . 3 Purdue held on to beat Rutgers 78-76 on Saturday for a school-record 19th straight win .
Mathis Dakota scored 16 points , Carsen Edwards had 13 and P.J . Thompson added 12 points for the Boilermakers ( 23-2 , 12-0 Big Ten ) .
Corey Sanders had 31 points and seven rebounds , and Deshawn Freeman added 14 points and nine rebounds for Rutgers ( 12-13 , 2-10 ) , which overcame a 15-point first-half deficit looked poised to pull off an upset at home .
Freeman 's fastbreak dunk cut Purdue 's lead to six , forcing Boilermakers coach Matt Painter to call a timeout with 15:29 to go . However , Matt Bullock corralled a defensive rebound on the ensuing possession and hit Sanders with an outlet pass and they made the fastbreak layup and the foul shot to pull the Scarlet Knights to 46-43 .
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions . Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker 's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left , and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining , However , that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way .
Rutgers took a 3-0 lead on a Issa Thiam 3-pointer . Purdue tied it 29 seconds later after Thiam fouled P.J . Thompson on a 3-pointer . Carsen Edwards stole the ball and hit a layup on Rutgers ' ensuing possession to give the Boilermakers their first lead . They led 38-27 at halftime .
BIG PICTURE
Purdue : The Boilermakers ' winning streak is the longest in the nation and has them atop the conference standings . They 'll look to improve their home winning streak to 22 - the third-longest in school history - when they host No . 17 Ohio State . A win would give them a bit of a cushion in what has become a three-team race for the Big Ten title between Purdue , Ohio State and No . 5 Michigan State .
Rutgers : Bruised and battered , Rutgers continues to struggle . With senior captain Mike Williams ( ankle ) out for the past two weeks and Eugene Omoruyi out for several weeks to recover from a knee injury suffered at Illinois , the undermanned Scarlet Knights fell to below .500 for the first time all season and have now lost five-straight , sitting alone at the bottom of the Big Ten .
UP NEXT
Purdue : The Boilermakers return home to host No . 17 Ohio State on Wednesday night .
Rutgers : The Scarlet Knights host Indiana on Tuesday night .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A & M
1:23
UNC 's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A & M in NCAA tournament
0:51
Chad Bettis gets ovation in return to majors after cancer battle ( Video )
Chad Bettis is back in the major leagues after a battle with cancer and was greeted warmly by those in attendance at Coors Field .
Late last year , Bettis was diagnosed with testicular cancer . In March , doctors found the disease had spread and Bettis would need to undergo chemotherapy , which they did . Bettis finished their treatments in May and was back pitching in the minor leagues by mid-July .
On Monday , Bettis returned to the majors for the Rockies ' game against the Braves . When they were announced prior to the start of the game , Bettis received an ovation . Take a look and listen below .
Bettis also received kind and encouraging words from players around Major League Baseball ahead of their return , including from Pirates pitcher Jameson Taillon , who underwent surgery for testicular cancer in May .
If you need extra motivation to come out to the @ Rockies game tonight , @ cbettis35 gon na show everyone what they think of cancer . # CRfamily — Ian Desmond ( @ IDesmond20 ) August 14 , 2017
So proud of my former teammate and cancer survivor , @ cbettis35 . We 're all rooting for you buddy ! https : //t.co/V2AxKU0Fiy — Collin McHugh ( @ Collin_McHugh ) August 14 , 2017
Ready to watch @ cbettis35 return to a big league mound , right back where you belong brother ! Never a doubt you would be back this year ! — Jameson Taillon ( @ JTaillon19 ) August 15 , 2017
Bettis is in their fifth season with the Rockies . Last year they pitched to a 4.79 ERA over 32 starts and led the Rockies with 14 victories .
EastEnders star Samantha Womack has marked their exit from the BBC1 soap with a swim at a health spa !
Viewers last night saw their character Ronnie Mitchell and sister Roxy killed off after the pair drowned in a swimming pool .
But it seems that this has n't deterred Womack from getting back into the water . Taking the Twitter , the actor said :
Started my day off at @ champneys with a ....... swim in the pool ! Pleased to announce I am now enjoying breakfast . Thank you champneys Tring x — Sam Womack ( @ Sam_Womack ) January 2 , 2017
All of which is a far cry from their reaction yesterday when - following the outpouring of tweets from fans - they seemed traumatised by the broadcast of their final episode .
I 'm sorry I ca n't respond to any comments .. I 'm honestly broken . An appropriate end to the darkest year ever . @ OfficialRita @ RealScottMaslen 💔 — Sam Womack ( @ Sam_Womack ) January 1 , 2017
Co-star Rita Simons - who played Roxy - was also at a loss for words :
Thank you all for your lovely tweets . I do n't really have words right now . But words will come .. in good time # R & R — Rita Simons ( @ OfficialRita ) January 1 , 2017
But the pair 's EastEnders colleagues were quick to praise the actores for their performances . Danny Dyer wrote :
Two beautifully complex Eastenders Icons . On screen chemistry personified . Nothing but love for ya 's # missed . @ Sam_Womack @ OfficialRita X — Danny Dyer ( @ MrDDyer ) January 1 , 2017
And Scott Maslen - who plays Ronnie 's widower Jack - added :
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
Looking for a cheap bank stock ? Try one of these on for size . Image source : iStock/Thinkstock .
Continue Reading Below
After the post-election rally , it 's getting hard to find cheap bank stocks . But it 's still not impossible .
Here are the five cheapest bank stocks right now based on the price to tangible book value ratio :
Company Price to Tangible Book Value Citigroup ( NYSE : C ) 0.93 Capital One Financial ( NYSE : COF ) 1.29 Bank of America ( NYSE : BAC ) 1.34 Zions Bancorp ( NASDAQ : ZION ) 1.46 Regions Financial ( NYSE : RF ) 1.57
Data source : YCharts.com .
How cycles impact valuations
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
When it comes to bank stocks , there is no clear line between cheap and expensive . The best that can be said is that a bank 's stock is cheap when it 's trading near or below its tangible book value per share — click here for the 10 most important banking metrics .
This describes Citigroup best , which is currently the cheapest big bank stock , trading for a 7 % discount to its tangible book value . Capital One and Bank of America are n't far behind , both of which trade for reasonable premiums to their respective tangible book values .
The one thing to keep in mind is that bank stock valuations fluctuate with the business cycle . Before the financial crisis , for instance , Citigroup , Bank of America , and Capital One all traded for two or more times tangible book value .
The reason bank-stock valuations fluctuate so much is because they 're based on earnings . And like most other companies , banks earn a lot more money when the economy is healthy than they do after things take a turn for the worse , as happened in 2008 .
How profitability impacts valuations
Moreover , even when the economy is roaring ahead , some bank stocks will trade at higher valuations than others , given differences in profitability .
You have a bank like US Bancorp , which is consistently one of the most profitable banks in the United States . Even at its low point in the wake of the financial crisis , US Bancorp still made money and its shares still traded for more than two times its tangible book value .
Citigroup and Bank of America , by contrast , were in the opposite situation . In one quarter alone , Citigroup recorded a $ 32 billion pre-tax net operating loss . And over the past eight years , Bank of America has absorbed $ 191 billion worth of crisis-related costs .
The same is true at Zions Bancorp and Regions Financial . Both banks struggled through the financial crisis and continue to be weighed down today . Over the past 12 months , Zions ' return on equity has averaged only 6.4 % , in line with Bank of America 's and well below the 10 % threshold that most investors expect from large banks today . Regions Financial 's is better , but not by much , marginally outranking Citigroup by coming in at 7.1 % .
Bank Return on Equity ( TTM ) U.S. Bancorp 14.3 % Capital One 8.1 % Regions Financial 7.1 % Citigroup 7 % Zions Bancorp 6.4 % Bank of America 6.4 %
Source : YCharts.com .
In light of profitability , in turn , as I discuss elsewhere , at any given time US Bancorp 's shares will ( and should ) be valued at a substantial premium to shares of Citigroup , Bank of America , Zions Bancorp , and Regions Financial .
How risk impacts valuations
Meanwhile , Capital One 's valuation is n't low because its performance has been disappointing , though its current return on equity is nothing to write home about . Like US Bancorp , Capital One has not only been consistently profitable over the past decade , but its shares have performed admirably too .
The reason its shares are the second-cheapest among the two dozen blue-chip banks on the KBW Bank Index is instead because its loan portfolio is especially risky . This follows from the fact that it 's primarily a credit card lender . The market is offsetting this risk by pricing Capital One 's shares at a lower valuation than all but one big bank .
The point being , in order to know whether a particular bank 's stock is cheap or expensive , you also have to know a thing or two about the bank itself , both in terms of its business model and its past performance . That said , this list of the five cheapest bank stocks right now is a good place for value investors interested in the industry to begin their search .
10 stocks we like better than Bank of America
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Bank of America was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7 , 2016
John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and US Bancorp . The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fool may not all hold the same opinions , but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Share
The event , which only lasted about two hours on Tuesday , April 24 , saw traffic to Amazon 's cloud web hosting servers redirected to malicious websites . Not all of the traffic , just a small slice of it , about 1,300 IP addresses , according to Oracle . The attack saw traffic to MyEtherWallet redirected a malicious version of itself , where the attackers could siphon cryptocurrency off of users who thought they were logging into their cryptocurrency wallets .
One such site , MyEtherWallet , was cloned by attackers but likely did n't result in the kind of massive theft we 're used to seeing when cryptocurrency wallets or exchanges are attacked . According to Ars Technica , the cryptocurrency wallet into which the fake MyEtherWallet site was dumping its cryptocurrency already had about $ 27 million worth of cryptocurrency in it .
Details like this have led some to believe the attack could have been state-sponsored , potentially with ties to Russia .
“ So far the only known website to have traffic redirected was to MyEtherWallet.com , a cryptocurrency website . This traffic was redirected to a server hosted in Russia , which served the website using a fake certificate — they also stole the cryptocoins of customers , ” wrote security researcher Kevin Beaumont . “ The attacks only gained a relatively small amount of currency from MyEtherWallet.com — however their wallets in total already contained over [ 20 million pounds ] of currency . Whoever the attackers were are not poor . ”
It may not have been the first time these hackers have staged such an attack either , according to Ars . There were a couple suspiciously similar attacks in 2013 when hackers hijacked internet traffic to a number of U.S. companies , routing the traffic through Russian ISPs . Affected companies included Visa , MasterCard , Apple , and Symantec . Eight months later , another set of U.S. companies saw their traffic hijacked with the same kind of exploit .
These 2013 attacks used the same “ border gateway protocol ” exploit as today 's attack . Beaumont elaborated that today 's attack requires access to sophisticated equipment , which leads them to believe MyEtherWallet was not likely the only target — just the one we happened to notice .
“ Mounting an attack of this scale requires access to BGP routers are major ISPs and real computing resource to deal with so much DNS traffic . It seems unlikely MyEtherWallet.com was the only target , when they had such levels of access , ” Beaumont wrote . “ Additionally , the attackers failed to obtain an SSL certificate while man-in-the-middle attacking the traffic — a very easy process — which alerted people to the issue at scale . ”
Martin Shkreli , former chief executive officer of Turing Pharmaceuticals LLC , was sentenced to seven years in prison for security fraud . Getty Images
Two things now grow around the rusting carcasses of the last blast furnaces in this French steel town : weeds , and votes for populist Marine Le Pen .
For months , labor leader Walter Broccoli fought to keep the fires burning , fearing that failure could drive enraged workers into the arms of Le Pen and their virulently nationalistic politics . They never imagined their own son would become part of the stampede .
They say they 've not spoken in the three years since they discovered to their horror from their local newspaper that David Broccoli was registered as a candidate in municipal elections for Le Pen 's anti-European Union , anti-immigration National Front .
“ I said to myself , ‘ Impossible ! What 's happened to him ? ' I called them up . We argued . They told me , ‘ That 's the way it is ' and hung up on me , ” Walter Broccoli says . “ I 've had nightmares where I saw them dressed in an SS uniform , all in black , with a cap . I took it very hard . It shocked me : my son , in the National Front ? Impossible . Unbearable . ”
Yet the National Front is now an inescapable part of the landscape in France 's industrial eastern rustbelt and its once left-leaning towns . Le Pen is projected to win millions of votes Sunday in the first round of France 's two-stage presidential election , likely catapulting them to within one step of an electoral earthquake that would shake France and the EU to its core .
Disgruntled working-class voters will cast ballots for the anti-establishment Le Pen not solely out of conviction but also in protest . They are their nuclear option , their way to flip the bird at the French political mainstream they feel has betrayed and abandoned them .
steelworker Pascal Grimmer does n't share Le Pen 's politics ; they do n't , like her , want a “ Frexit ” to take France out of the EU or to ditch its shared euro currency . But they will get their vote because he 's “ angry with politicians , filled with rage , ” and “ she is the candidate who most scares the others , ” Grimmer says .
They hope that an electro-shock-high score for Le Pen — not quite enough to install them in the presidential Elysee Palace but an uncomfortably close shave — will jolt more mainstream politicians “ to use their brains to ask themselves , ‘ What do people want ? ' ”
“ You reap what you sow . And our politicians have treated the French people like idiots , ” they say . “ Politicians do n't fulfill their promises . They lie as easily as they breathe . ”
Last time , Grimmer voted Francois Hollande , the Socialist whose presidency , now in its final weeks , lasted just one term , sunk by their unpopularity .
Grimmer was impressed when Hollande came stumping during the 2012 campaign for working-class votes at the ArcelorMittal steel plant where they work . Labor leaders were in the thick of their battle to save Hayange 's furnaces , the last in eastern France still serving the steel industry .
Incongruous in their suit and tie , Hollande clambered onto the roof of a van with union leaders , took a microphone and promised to push for a law to help save plants facing closure . The crowd , which included Grimmer , cheered . In a seemingly trivial detail , but one which workers subsequently would n't let them forget , Hollande even shared a spicy barbecued ‘ merguez ' sausage with them .
“ I said to myself , ‘ Oh , I like this guy . ' Naively , I believed him , ” Grimmer recalls . “ I was completely hoodwinked . ”
Grimmer and others felt betrayed when the furnaces were extinguished in 2013 , as part of a deal the Socialist government struck with steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal seven months after Hollande 's election . Hollande beat conservative Nicolas Sarkozy , another one-term president under whom ArcelorMittal also closed a plant in nearby Gandrange .
The deal included jobs elsewhere or retirement for furnace workers . ArcelorMittal also promised to invest 180 million euros ( $ 190 million at today 's rates ) in other sectors of the giant steel works , which still produce high-grade metals for automakers and other clients and sprawl across three towns , including Hayange , in the Fensch valley .
Workers had hoped for more . The mothballing of the furnaces that used to turn the skies incandescent red , dust soot over the valley 's towns and draw laborers from across Europe and North Africa hit hard . In a final show of defiance , Grimmer , Broccoli and other members of their Workers ' Force union unveiled a plaque of protest in Hayange when the scorching fires which had melted ores into metal went cold .
“ SELLOUT , ” the plaque read . “ Here lie the promises of change that F. HOLLANDE made to workers and their families . ”
Still bitter , Grimmer says : “ Politicians are forcing me to vote Le Pen . That 's why I 'm doing this . Not with a happy heart but because I 'm forced to . And increasing numbers of French people are starting to think this way . ”
And if Le Pen wins ?
“ So be it . They will have to live with that , ” they say .
Broccoli says they warned Socialist officials that extinguishing the furnaces would be “ electoral suicide. ” Sure enough , the year after they were put out , Hayange voted in a National Front mayor in 2014 — one of just a handful of towns in France to do so .
“ It really hurts me to see workers turning toward fascism , the extreme right , ” Broccoli says . “ They are so angry that they are prepared to vote National Front , to destroy everything . They have nothing left to lose . ”
Broccoli 's son , a computer technician , does n't work in the steel industry . Still , the father assumes their son felt “ abandoned by the government ” after losing a job in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis , leaving them unable to pay rent . They say the son moved in with their mother , also a National Front supporter . The parents are separated .
“ I feel as though he 's been stolen from me , ” Walter Broccoli says . “ All these people — like their mother , their stepfather — they were n't like this 15 or 20 years ago . It happened gradually . ”
David Broccoli did n't respond to calls and a text message from The Associated Press . Herve Hoff , who stood with them as a National Front candidate in 2014 , says David Broccoli and their mother “ adopted our ideas because they felt that the left had betrayed them . Simple as that . ”
Hoff , a restaurateur , is now seeking election to parliament . They proudly showed the AP their letter from the National Front investing them as its candidate in the Fensch valley in June legislative elections . Saying Le Pen appeals to “ forgotten people , ” they drew parallels with Donald Trump 's election to the White House , won with strong support from disgruntled workers in coal country .
“ We 'll have the same phenomenon . Deepest France , rural France , will lift up Marine Le Pen and you 'll see villages where she 'll get crazy scores , ” they say .
Michel Liebgott , the valley 's current lawmaker , a Socialist , handily beat a National Front opponent last time . This time , he 's not so confident . If they decide against running again , they say the National Front could win the seat .
Liebgott , who was born in the valley and remembers Hayange as its jewel , a bustling steel town , says the region is dividing between haves and have-nots . Many of the better-off work across the nearby border with Luxembourg , braving gnarled traffic on the highway to Luxembourg City for higher wages in its services economy . An estimated 90,000 such jobs have helped fill voids left by decades of steel plant and mine closures in France .
“ The poor are here . The others have gone elsewhere , ” Liebgott says .
With the benefit of hindsight , the lawmaker says Hollande 's campaign stop in the valley in 2012 “ was bloody stupid. ” It gave steelworkers false hope that the furnaces , which had long been earmarked for closure , could be saved .
Now firmly ensconced in Hayange , where the eyesore furnaces dominate the skyline , National Front Mayor Fabien Engelmann says they did not propose saving them because that would have been “ impossible . ”
“ I did n't lie to my voters . I offered them a coherent program : security , cleanliness , lower taxes , reduced debts , road building , work on schools — things a mayor can do , ” they say smugly .
The unemployment rate in Hayange is 14 percent , the mayor says — above the already high national average of 10 percent .
Jean-Paul Holtz sees the decaying cathedrals of once-belching pipes and chimneys from their windows . The drum player in Hayange 's brass band spent all their working life in steel plants , starting as a 14-year-old apprentice . Now 66 and retired , they wish the furnaces could be torn down because “ it makes me sick to the stomach to see them like that . ”
Holtz plans to vote for far-left presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon , who is making a late surge in polls .
“ People came to set up industries , money was made , people were provided with jobs . But it 's over , finished , ” Holtz says . “ We have to move on . Will we move on ? When ? I do n't know . It drags on and on and on , rusting away . ”
Vice-Chancellor builds bridges between Sheffield and China
President and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sheffield Professor Sir Keith Burnett will this week ( 11 December 2017 ) visit Beijing and Xi'an as part of the University 's efforts to cement academic and industrial collaborations in China .
The week-long visit will begin in Xi'an with Sir Keith addressing the global conference of the Confucius Institutes , including a private speech to the Chinese Vice-Premier and Minister for Education on the future of international collaboration with China . The University of Sheffield 's award-winning Confucius Institute focuses on advanced manufacturing and health as well as Chinese language teaching - an approach which has won support in the UK and China .
Following the conference , Sir Keith - who is Chair of Science and Innovation for the Sheffield City Region and also a Chinese speaker - will return to Beijing where they will make a number of visits with the Chinese Ministry for Industries to industry-academic research partnerships focused on electric cars , aerospace and additive manufacturing .
At the end of the trip , Sir Keith has been asked to join a forum for China 's top 100 businesses , including the directors of its leading digital companies . Sir Keith will also meet the President of Beihang University and holding a number of meetings with senior academic colleagues with the aim of developing research partnerships and student and staff exchange , as well looking into new forms of technical education with industry such as apprentices and augmented learning .
Sir Keith said : “ It is exciting to see the University of Sheffield 's partnerships in China grow in ways which not only strengthen our research and teaching , but which we know will bring health and economic benefits to citizens in both communities . In recent years , the University of Sheffield has developed partnerships with China 's top universities and these are now flourishing at a time when Chinese research has never been stronger . Work in areas like advanced manufacturing , semiconductor technologies and science creates a platform for partnership with one of the world 's great developing economies , home to 1.4 billion people .
“ I am amazed at the rapid changes I see , and not just the high-speed trains which link these cities . China has lifted more than half a billion people out of poverty . A generation ago , nine out of 10 Chinese people lived on less than $ 2 a day . Now less than three in 100 do so . In 1949 life expectancy was 36 , now it has more than doubled to 76 . In 1949 , eight out of 10 people could not read or write . Now 95 per cent can . ''
They added : “ What is particularly inspiring is that our Chinese partners want to learn from our experiences as a research intensive university in a region which has itself faced real challenges and looked to innovation to renew its industries . Many of the problems we face on sustainable transport technologies and healthcare for an ageing population are very familiar in China . If we work together to address these issues , making products to sell to the world , that would be a huge opportunity for our university and city . ”
Sir Keith first visited China in 2005 when they were Head of the Division of Mathematics and Physical Sciences at the University of Oxford , but has since developed a deep interest in this rapidly changing nation . In 2016 they were awarded individual honours from China for their contribution to the understanding of Chinese language and culture .
Additional information The University Of Sheffield has 3,419 Chinese students and 11,368 graduates in China .
The University has partnerships with a number of top universities in China including the leading universities in Beijing , Shanghai , Nanjing and Fudan .
In 2016 , Sir Keith joined colleagues from the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre to formally launch a partnership with the Shanghai Academy of Space Technology to work on high-performance metals for the Chinese space programme .
The Sheffield Confucius Institute was recently awarded the Sheffield City Region Horasis award for supporting partnerships in China . The University of Sheffield
With almost 29,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries , learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe , the University of Sheffield is one of the world 's leading universities . A member of the UK 's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions , Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines . Unified by the power of discovery and understanding , staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in . Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2017 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014 . In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom 's intellectual , economic , cultural and social life . Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world , making significant contributions in their chosen fields . Global research partners and clients include Boeing , Rolls-Royce , Unilever , AstraZeneca , Glaxo SmithKline , Siemens and Airbus , as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations .
United Airlines ' profit plunged 69 percent in the first three months of the year , and that was before the terrible publicity surrounding the dragging of a bloodied passenger off a plane .
The cost of fuel , labor and maintenance all rose sharply in the first quarter , helping push United 's profit down to $ 96 million , despite higher revenue .
The results released Monday beat Wall Street expectations , however . United performed better by other measures — more cancellation-free days , fewer lost bags .
The power to raise prices was also swinging United 's way . A key revenue-per-mile figure was flat , adding to evidence that a two-year decline in average fares is over . United expects the revenue-per-mile figure to rise by 1 to 3 percent in the second quarter .
It is unclear whether last week 's incident in which Chicago airport officers dragged a 69-year-old man off a United Express plane will halt United 's progress .
CEO Oscar Munoz issued another apology Monday .
“ It is obvious from recent experiences that we need to do a much better job serving our customers , ” Munoz said in a statement . They said the company is “ dedicated to setting the standard for customer service among U.S. airlines . ”
While the April 9 United Express Flight 3411 made headlines all last week , it has had little effect on United 's stock . United Continental Holdings Inc. stock fell about the same as shares of Delta , Alaska and JetBlue last week .
Ahead of its report , United led a rally in airline stocks Monday . The Chicago-based company 's shares rose $ 1.70 , or 2.5 percent , to close at $ 70.77 . After the financial results were released , the shares gained another 73 cents in after-hours trading .
Excluding non-repeating items , United said first-quarter profit was 41 cents per share . Wall Street expected 38 cents per share , according to a FactSet survey of 16 analysts .
Revenue rose 3 percent to $ 8.42 billion , also topping forecasts . But operating costs jumped 8 percent , driven by a 28 percent increase in fuel , a 7 percent rise in labor , and a 13 percent in maintenance and repair expenses .
Airlines are prospering from travel demand that remains relatively strong . Reduced competition — several major airports are dominated by one or two carriers — may limit United 's financial fallout to the dragging incident .
Still , Cowen and Co. analyst Helane Becker said Monday that investors should be concerned if the incident leads to more government regulation of the airlines .
United has said it is examining policies including booting passengers off sold-out flights , and has promised a complete review by April 30 . It has already taken some steps , including requiring that crew members flying to assignments book flights at least an hour early . Had that policy been in place on April 9 , it might have averted the need to remove four passengers to make room for Republic Airline employees on their way to staff a United Express flight the next morning .
Besides the damage to United 's reputation , investors are nervous that airlines are planning to add too many flights , undercutting the recovery in prices .
United will increase domestic service this summer , adding some new routes and offering more-frequent flights on others . Munoz has defended the expansion as necessary to fill gaps in United 's route map that were created when the airline was shrinking .
United executives planned to discuss the first-quarter results with analysts and reporters on Tuesday .
___
David Koenig can be reached at http : //twitter.com/airlinewriter
'We have to be better than sighted people '
Heidi is a singer and music teacher who says they want to fight negative attitudes towards disabled musicians .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
By and large , the opening weekend of Super League was somewhat of a success after a winter of discontent for rugby league on the whole .
There were entertaining games , closely-fought battles and an enhancement of the belief that this could be the tightest Super League in years : if not ever .
But it would n't be rugby league without a touch of controversy , would it ? So often at this time of the year , fans are caught off-guard by a new rule that 's brought in or tinkered with slightly which takes time to get used to . Recent years have seen examples such as the tightening of the obstruction ruling and this year , there is the prospect of teams getting an extra tackle in a set if the opposition kick the ball dead for a 20-metre restart .
However , that 's not the rule change that left people talking following the opening round of the new season . I was at a good few of the games last weekend and at two in particular – Castleford v Leigh on Friday and Wakefield v Hull on Sunday – this caused a bit of contention .
It was when the attacking hooker caught a defender off-guard and , rather than pass the ball to one of their team-mates , they instead appeared to hurl the ball at said defender to try and win a cheap penalty . Danny Houghton caught a Wakey player with it to gift Marc Sneyd an easy opportunity to nudge Hull 's lead out to 6-0 during the first half .
I 'm all for penalties when a defender is laying around in the ruck and causing a nuisance . That 's 100 % fine . But this ? It does n't really sit right – and I saw reaction from a fair few fans on Twitter suggesting the same . Paul McShane 's reaction when Liam Hood threw the ball at them suggested they were dumbfounded that , after giving themselves up and not risking giving away a penalty for failing to be square , they were instead penalised for standing a good few metres behind the play-the-ball after someone chucked it at him !
“ I 've seen it a few times over the weekend and it 's not something I 'm a big fan of , ” Hull captain Gareth Ellis said on Monday 's Super League Show . “ I 'd like to see it addressed . ”
It 's hard to disagree with Ellis . It 's essentially gamesmanship – and perhaps referees can instead penalise attacking teams for doing it so blatantly to try and win a penalty and get easy points if they believe that 's the case ? Apparently , one Super League coach warned their side off doing it following the opening weekend . Hopefully it can be clamped down upon sooner rather than later – although we 'll see on Thursday with Huddersfield 's clash against Salford whether anything has changed .
Perhaps it 's no surprise when you read this column and see that I picked out Castleford Tigers as the team that really caught my eye on the first weekend of the new season .
The Tigers were well-held by Leigh for the opening 20 minutes of their match last Friday but in truth , once Cas got one try , the points continued to flow – and you might struggle to see as breathless 20 minutes all season as the period Daryl Powell 's men put together in the run-up to half-time at the weekend .
There were impressive performances all across the field , and while new recruits such as Zak Hardaker and Jesse Sene-Lefao will make a massive impact in 2017 , having captain Michael Shenton back was like a whole new signing in itself .
Shenton was back to their best on Friday night too , I thought . A winger is only as good as their centre , so the old saying goes , and whichever Cas winger is lucky enough to play outside the classy Shenton this season will have a hell of a time pocketing tries .
It 's no surprise to see them straight back in England 's EPS squad after their cruel season-ending injury 12 months ago , too . They remain one of England 's most enjoyable outside backs to watch – and they will give England an extra dimension if they keep this form up throughout 2017 .
PARIS ( AP ) - The Latest from the French Open ( all times local ) :
___
5:10 p.m .
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years .
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans .
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016 . They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women 's doubles at the England Club .
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months , winning their first-round match at Roland Garros . Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday .
___
3:50 p.m .
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open .
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday , but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned . Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 8 ) , 1-6 , 5-7 , 6-2 win .
`` At two sets all , it was difficult in my head , and physically , too , '' said Chardy , who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches . `` I fought hard , all my body was shaking . ''
___
3:25 p.m .
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament .
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar , the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time .
Djokovic , who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year , is the 20th-seeded player in Paris , their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open .
___
3:10 p.m .
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years .
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence , winning their first-round match at the French Open , they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister , Venus .
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan .
The American siblings , owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles , received a wild-card entry . They have n't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016 .
Serena Williams had n't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017 . They gave birth to a daughter last September .
___
1:20 p.m .
Marco Trungelliti 's long , strange trip as a French Open `` lucky loser '' has come to an end with a second-round exit .
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros , then drew headlines for making the 10-hour , 650-mile ( 1,000-kilometer ) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother , mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw .
They then won their first-round match .
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours .
Still , Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros ( about $ 90,000 ) in prize money - and a great story to tell .
___
12:50 p.m .
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games , beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6 , 6-1 , 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open .
It was the last match of the tournament 's opening round .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , played poorly in the first set , with only four winners and 16 unforced errors . But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way , while Riske made more and more mistakes .
___
12:30 p.m .
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open , making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0 , 6-4 win on Court 1 .
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand , their playing hand .
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012 .
___
12:20 p.m .
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier , Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second , which they eventually took 6-1 .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , cleaned up their game in the second set , with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener . Riske , meanwhile , had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set .
___
12 p.m .
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open , losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set .
In their only previous meeting on clay , in Rome in 2015 , Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3 , 6-0 victory . But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time .
___
11:20 a.m .
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open , with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women 's first round .
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms .
Halep , a two-time finalist at Roland Garros , needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No . 1 ranking . They won both of their previous matches against Riske .
On the men 's side , 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round .
The second-seeded players in both the men 's and women 's draws , Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki , will also be in action .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Credit Agricole , France 's biggest retail bank , beat forecasts with a smaller than expected earnings drop in the fourth quarter after it booked a writedown on the value of its French retail unit .
Credit Agricole is the last in a row of France 's biggest banks to report about a challenging year for the retail business .
The business has struggled with massive renegotiations of mortgage loans and declining product fee income .
Credit Agricole 's retail unit had a 6 % decrease in 2016 underlying revenue , while French retail revenue was down 3 % at domestic rivals BNP Paribas and 3.5 % lower at Société Générale .
But Credit Agricole 's chief executive Philippe Brassac said that efforts made by the bank to maintain and develop its customer base in a highly competitive environment would pay off in coming quarters , especially given the very slow but gradual rise in interest rates .
Revenue at the bank 's retail unit fell 1.1 % over the fourth quarter , performing slightly better than its peers over the same period , while cost cuts helped drive net income up 35 % to €160m .
A wide range of business lines in which the French bank operates , such as asset management , specialised financing and trading , helped it soften the blow from those pressures on its traditional retail banking arm that are set to linger in 2017 .
Overall , Credit Agricole 's fourth-quarter net income fell to €291m from €882m a year ago . This beat the average of analyst estimates of €254m in a Reuters poll .
Credit Agricole completed a major overhaul of its multi-layer ownership structure last year that put more capital in the listed arm of the business , allowing it to reassure investors over all-cash dividends .
It has been focusing on its two key markets , France and Italy , and has been limiting its foreign expansion to its asset management arm Amundi , which is buying rival Pioneer Investments from UniCredit .
Credit Agricole Group , the parent of the listed entity , said that as part of the rights issue made by Amundi to finance the Pioneer acquisition , it had decided to reduce its holding in the asset manager to 70 % from 75.7 % .
Credit Agricole 's asset gathering unit , that includes asset management , insurance and wealth management , reported a 35 % rise in net income over the fourth quarter , while net profits more than doubled at its investment banking arm .
Overall , group revenues rose 7 % to €4.58 billion , above the poll average of €4.36 billion .
Here 's how you can watch Monday afternoon 's Outback Bowl between Iowa and Florida online .
Iowa did n't get off to the ideal start to its 2016 season . The Hawkeyes finished the 2015 regular season 12-0 before making it to the conference title game and then they lost their final two games to Michigan State and Stanford , which seemed to be a sign of things to come .
The Hawkeyes opened 2016 with a loss early on to North Dakota State and all hope seemed to be lost . Would the Hawkeyes actually make it to a bowl game in 2016 ? The high expectations made the slow start seem even worse , but Iowa finished the year with two wins over ranked teams in the final three games .
C.J . Beathard was expected to be one of the best quarterbacks in the Big Ten , but they fell short of the hype . The senior gunslinger was bailed out on multiple occasions by running backs LeShun Daniels Jr. and Akrum Wadley along with a solid defense .
Florida , on the other hand , began the season a red-hot 6-1 before going 2-3 in its final five games . Although the Gators played just 12 games , they made it to the SEC title for the second straight season , losing to Alabama once again .
Will Jim McElwain 's team be able to put that beatdown against Alabama behind them ? The Gators , just like the Hawkeyes , are known for their defense . Guys like Teez Tabor and Quincy Wilson could just give Iowa fits through the air all day long .
One of Austin Appleby 's last starts as a Big Ten quarterback for Purdue was against the Iowa Hawkeyes and they passed for over 250 yards and a touchdown . Can they play well against a familiar foe on Monday ?
Here 's how you can watch Monday 's Outback Bowl online :
Date : Monday , Jan. 2
Start Time : 1:00 p.m . ET
Location : Tampa , FL
Venue : Raymond James Stadium
TV : ABC
Live Stream : ABC Go
Iowa finished the season much stronger than it started and the Gators ended on a sour note with a blowout loss to Alabama . Who will come out on top ?
More from Saturday Blitz
This article originally appeared on
A river swollen from heavy rains because of Alberto collapses a bridge as two people attempt to cross .
A river swollen from heavy rains because of Alberto collapses a bridge as two people attempt to cross .
Two people barely escaped falling into a raging river when a bridge collapsed as they were crossing . ( Source : Cuban State TV/CNN )
Two people barely escaped falling into a raging river when a bridge collapsed as they were crossing . ( Source : Cuban State TV/CNN )
2 people almost fall in to raging water when bridge collapses in Cuba
2 people almost fall in to raging water when bridge collapses in Cuba
( Nick Tomecek/Northwest Florida Daily News via AP ) . Okaloosa Beach Safety lifeguard Doug Brown instructs beachgoers on Okaloosa Island in Fort Walton Beach , Fla. , Monday , May 28 , 2018 , as Subtropical Storm Alberto approaches the Gulf Coast .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Mindy Borkson , of Hollywood , Fla. , walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Mindy Borkson , of Hollywood , Fla. , walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
MARION , N.C. ( AP ) - Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation 's midsection hundreds of miles away .
About 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of `` imminent failure . '' Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40 , which was closed near Asheville .
Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes .
The evacuation was ordered because engineers wanted to play it safe until they could do more inspections after sunrise , McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press .
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding .
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles ( 640 kilometers ) west near Hopkinsville , Kentucky , where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains .
`` I have dogs and they 're terribly afraid of storms , so they were on top me all night , '' said Key , an airport office manager .
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast , where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday , to the Great Lakes region .
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season 's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation 's midsection . Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches ( 4.4 centimeters ) on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976 .
In the mountains of western North Carolina , Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters , set up in Marion , Old Fort and Glenwood . They said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads .
The big , messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama , many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines .
`` We 've had a lot of rain , but we got lucky . It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain , '' said Regina Myers , emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham .
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat , but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed .
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph ( 147 kph ) hit an area around Cameron , South Carolina , on Monday afternoon . No one was hurt .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Sian Brooke , Sherlock 's master of disguises Eurus Holmes , has taken on another face : Natalie Brown in The Moorside .
The actor who fooled viewers with their portrayal of John Watson 's therapist , John Watson 's mistress and Sherlock Holmes 's sister , can be seen in the BBC drama following the fake kidnapping of Shannon Matthews . Brooke plays Natalie Brown , a neighbour of Shannon 's mother Karen .
Interestingly , she 's not the only hard-to-spot famous actor in The Moorside cast . While many may recognise Sheridan Smith as Julie Bushby , there 's another familiar face on the show – Gemma Whelan aka Yara from Game of Thrones – as Karen Matthews .
Hats off ( and clever cosmetics on ) to the make-up department here .
The Moorside is on 9pm Tuesdays , BBC1
WASHINGTON — Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron ditched the White House Tuesday for a visit with the works of Paul Cezanne .
The first ladies of the United States and France headed across town to the National Gallery of Art 's exhibit of about 60 portraits by the French post-impressionist painter . They paused near by a portrait of Cezanne 's father reading a newspaper in a chair . Mary Morton , the museum 's curator of French paintings , explained that the painter had a difficult relationship with their father , who was a banker and wanted the artist to become a lawyer . The painting is from the Mellon family collection .
The two first ladies , both in stilettos and Mrs. Trump in a wide-brimmed white hat , then strolled through the building 's Rotunda past a statue of Mercury .
At least in front of the cameras , Mrs. Macron did much of the chatting with the curators . Cezanne is one of France 's most celebrated artists . They are known for capturing a moment in time in their works and is regarded as a major influence on other painters , such as Pablo Picasso .
“ Merci , ” Mrs. Macron said , as they and Mrs. Trump rounded a fountain in an interior courtyard . Asked later whether they were enjoying their time in Washington , they nodded and said in English , “ Thank you . ”
It was the second day of French President Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron 's visit to Washington . Later Tuesday , the Trumps are hosting the couple at the administration 's first state dinner .
Bayern Munich have confirmed that their assistant manager Paul Clement will hold talks to become Swansea 's new manager .
It was reported on Saturday evening that Swansea were set to appoint Clement as their third manager of the season .
Former Derby boss Clement emerged as Swansea 's number one target after Wales boss Chris Coleman turned down the opportunity to take over at their home town club .
And Bundesliga champions Bayern , in a statement on the official club website , said : `` Co-coach Paul Clement has asked FC Bayern Munich to hold talks with Premier League club Swansea City about a commitment as head coach .
`` Bayern 's head coach Carlo Ancelotti and the management board of FC Bayern Munich have fulfilled this wish .
`` Paul Clement will therefore not be travelling to the training camp in Doha together with the team of FC Bayern . ''
Swansea hope to confirm the appointment of Clement , who has worked alongside Ancelotti at Chelsea , Paris St Germain , Real Madrid and Bayern , before their Premier League game at Crystal Palace on Tuesday night .
Clement is expected to have a watching brief at Selhurst Park , with caretaker Alan Curtis taking charge of the team again .
Curtis was in charge of Saturday 's 3-0 home loss to Bournemouth - Swansea 's fourth straight league defeat - after the sacking of Bob Bradley .
Former United States boss Bradley was only at the Liberty Stadium helm for 85 days after succeeding Francesco Guidolin at the start of October .
Bradley 's reign was the joint-second shortest in Premier League history , and Swansea are now in grave danger of being relegated after six seasons in the top flight .
Swansea is rock-bottom with 12 points from the halfway mark of 19 games , and only one side in Premier League history has survived from a worse position . That was the 2004-05 West Brom team which Clement 's brother Neil played for .
Swansea head to south London four points adrift of 17th-placed Palace , with Curtis saying they have to address a `` crisis of confidence '' on the back of 14 goals being conceded in four games .
`` The first goal seems to be crucial at the moment , '' Curtis said .
`` Confidence seems to drain from us when we go behind .
`` I suppose the explanation for that is that we are bottom of the table , we are not winning games and we are conceding too many goals .
`` It 's a crisis of confidence when we concede a goal .
`` I still think there should be enough in our squad to get better results , but confidence in sport , especially
football , is such a fragile thing .
`` But we just have to get on and prepare for the next game . That 's all we can do . ''
At least Swansea can take heart from their astonishing 5-4 Liberty Stadium victory over Palace on November 26 .
On that occasion Spain striker Fernando Llorente - who is doubtful for the trip to Selhurst Park - scored twice in injury time after Palace had fought back from 3-1 down to lead 4-3 .
It was a cruel blow for Alan Pardew , who was subsequently sacked as Palace manager less than a month later .
Since then Pardew 's successor Sam Allardyce has picked up one point from games at Watford and Arsenal , and the former England manager takes charge at Selhurst Park for the first time against the Swans .
`` They 've nipped in and got a very good manager there , '' Swansea defender Neil Taylor said .
`` He 's a specialist in being at this end of the league and pulling people through .
`` I 'm sure they will turn their fortunes around . But for ourselves it 's the same old thing , we have to go there and get a result . ''
President Donald Trump may have inadvertently done Nordstrom a favor this week when they slammed the Seattle-based retailer on Twitter — shares have risen by 7 percent .
After the department store announced it would not carry Ivanka Trump 's spring collection — characterizing the move as a business decision — the Trump camp disputed Nordstrom 's claim that their merchandise was n't selling well .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump slams Nordstrom for dropping daughter Ivanka 's clothing line 2:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway added more fuel to the fire Thursday when they delivered what they called a `` commercial '' in support of the brand during a live TV interview . Threats of boycotts from both pro- and anti-Trump factions surfaced on social media , but the dust-up spared the retailer 's stock . In fact , after dipping briefly , shares rebounded .
Related : Trump 's Feud With Nordstrom Sparks Warnings From Ethics Experts
Retail experts say the reason Nordstrom stock shook off the controversy while other companies have seen their share prices fall after being on the receiving end of a disgruntled tweet was simple : Unlike Lockheed Martin , which depends on U.S. government contracts , or General Motors , whose investments in Mexico could be threatened by an import tax , there is n't much Donald Trump can do to hurt the fortunes of a high-end department store chain .
Retail analysts dismissed the idea that the decision to drop Ivanka Trump 's brand was politically motivated .
Consumers Come First
`` The fashion business is all about the product , '' said Richard Jaffe , research analyst and managing director at Stifel Nicolaus . `` What 's happening at Nordstrom , what 's happening with the Ivanka brand , we believe , is simply about the product and consumers ' response to it . ''
Nordstrom 's brand identity revolves around listening to customers and delivering a high level of service , said Matt Sargent , senior vice president for retail at Frank N. Magid Associates , suggested that Wall Street found the company 's responsiveness reassuring .
`` That 's what Nordstrom has highlighted here , that they do understand their customer , '' they said . `` Investors are rewarding Nordstrom for being in touch with their core customer . ''
`` Like many celebrity lines , it apparently did very well at the outset , '' said Mark Cohen , director of retail studies and adjunct professor at Columbia Business School , adding that popularity is typically fleeting for these kinds of name brands .
`` Most celebrity lines that launch strongly eventually fail . They kind of peter out because the celebrity is not a designer , '' they said .
Ivanka Trump said last month that they would be stepping down from their executive roles in both the Trump Organization and their own brand . Scaling back their involvement also could have been a factor prompting Nordstrom to tap the brakes .
This is n't to say politics did n't play a role , albeit an indirect one . `` Obviously , we 're living in very politically charged times , '' Sargent said . `` It 's incredibly important for retailers to understand how their customer is going to respond . ''
Simply Too Controversial ?
Some retail industry pros speculated that the falloff in sales could be due to the Ivanka brand 's association with Donald Trump .
`` I think it 's probably being more affected by the politics of the boycott rather than something fundamentally wrong with the brand , '' said retail analyst Jan R. Kniffen , founder and CEO of J. Rogers Kniffen Worldwide Enterprises , referring to Nordstrom 's inclusion on the `` Grab Your Wallet '' list , a social media protest campaign urging Trump opponents to stop shopping at stores that sell Trump-branded products .
Related : Ivanka Trump Promoted Fashion Line from RNC Stage
`` Between either the boycott affecting the store or the boycott affecting the brand , Nordstrom said , 'We do n't need this , ' '' Kniffen said .
`` The line has not been performing . Maybe that is because some are boycotting the line but the fact remains , it 's not selling , '' Liz Dunn , founder and CEO of Talmage Advisors , said via email .
`` I find it bizarre that anyone would seriously suggest a company do something not in the best interest of its bottom line solely to please the current administration . ''
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:25 One dead , one injured in uptown shooting
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Image copyright Getty Images
Cancer patients who live more than an hour from a major hospital are diagnosed and treated faster than those who live closer , a new study has found .
But researchers at the University of Aberdeen discovered that these cancer patients were still more likely to die within a year of diagnosis .
It is the first study to examine the impact of travel on the cancer diagnostic process .
The lead researcher described the findings as `` perplexing '' .
The team analysed data from more than 12,000 patients from across north-east Scotland , northern Scotland and the Northern Isles .
Among their findings , they discovered :
Those who live in Orkney and Shetland were 32 % more likely to start treatment within 62 days of their GP 's referral , compared to those living within 15 minutes of their treatment centre .
Those on the mainland who lived more than an hour 's travel from their treatment centre were 42 % more likely to start treatment within 62 days of their GP referral than those who lived 15 minutes away .
People in the Northern Isles were 72 % more likely to have their diagnosis and treatment started on the same or next day compared to those who lived within 15 minutes of their cancer treatment centres .
Those living more than an hour away or in the islands were significantly more likely to die in the first year after treatment than those living closer by .
Dr Peter Murchie , clinical consultant at the University of Aberdeen , who led the study said : `` These contradictory findings on time to diagnosis and mortality are perplexing to say the least .
`` The findings suggest that what happens to patients after their diagnosis may be much more important .
`` It could be that living in rural areas where you have to travel further to receive treatment might limit treatment choices once a diagnosis has been made .
`` There is evidence that when faced with two treatment options , patients might weigh the costs in terms of time , expense and inconvenience of travel against the perceived benefits , for example , choosing surgery over chemotherapy to limit time in hospital .
`` Lengthy or difficult travel to a cancer centre or hospital could also result in less engagement with post-primary treatment follow-up , with consequent implications for the effective management of treatment effects and the identification of other follow-up needs . ''
They said further research of the issue was `` essential '' .
The study has been published in the British Journal of Cancer .
Google has been dabbling in the realm of Internet-based calling for years . First it was Gmail , then Hangouts got in on the action . While there were ways ( and even third-party products ) to use the Google Voice service for VoIP , it was probably the least enjoyable calling experience we 've seen that did n't involve MacGyver-style shorting of exposed wires to dial a number . Now an update to the Google Voice app reveals that it 's finally going to make its VoIP capabilities an official feature , and it 'll be usable directly from your phone without any hacky workarounds .
What 's New
Unofficial Changelog : ( originally posted Jan 28 , 2018 at 06:52AM ) Missed call notifications Official Changelog : ( posted Feb 2 , 2018 ) Geographic location for phone numbers
Copy voicemail transcription
Save multiple images from a received message
Missed call notifications
There is one oddball thing already working in this release . If you do n't use Google Voice , you might be a little surprised to learn that it never gave missed call notifications . To be fair , that responsibility usually fell on a phone 's dialer app , and Google Voice does give notifications for things like new voicemail and SMS/MMS . However , if there was any reason your phone did n't receive the call ( e.g . in a dead zone ) , you might not know somebody called unless a message was left . It looks like that changes with v5.7 , because missed call notifications are now appearing if somebody calls your Google Voice number .
The reality is that these notifications probably have more to do with the VoIP discussion we 're about to have in the teardown , so we can move straight to that part ...
Note : As pointed out in the comments , there is a setting to have Google Voice generate an email when a call is missed . The addition discussed above is a system notification .
Teardown
Disclaimer : Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks ( Android 's application package ) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information . It 's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong . Even when predictions are correct , there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely . Much like rumors , nothing is certain until it 's officially announced and released . Disclaimer : Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks ( Android 's application package ) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information . It 's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong . Even when predictions are correct , there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely . Much like rumors , nothing is certain until it 's officially announced and released . The features discussed below are probably not live yet , or may only be live for a small percentage of users . Unless stated otherwise , do n't expect to see these features if you install the apk .
Voice over IP
We 'll just let the promotional text speak for itself :
New ! Calling over Wi-Fi and mobile data
Make and receive calls over Wi-Fi and mobile data when you use the Google Voice app . Note : This will turn off call screening
% s This does not affect calls started from this device 's phone app
It does n't get much simpler than that – you 'll be able to make calls using Wi-Fi or mobile data . This will effectively give many people a phone with a second number , but one of them uses Google Voice app and its calls run over data as opposed to your carrier 's calling features .
Implications
We 'll get to the minor details shortly , but first let 's discuss a couple of broader changes that may impact how you already use Google Voice . To begin with , making calls with your Google Voice number used to be done through your dialer app , but it looks like that wo n't work for much longer .
You can no longer use this device 's phone app to make Google Voice calls . Place your call to % 1s using your carrier , or tap Cancel and use the Google Voice app instead . Google Voice has changed
Due to a change to your account , Google Voice calling from this device 's phone app is no longer supported . Use the Google Voice app instead .
Basically , calls through Google Voice will have to be done using its own app . My guess is that Google is doing away with the step that involved calling into Voice first , then routing through another call to the actual destination . This step will be replaced with the more straightforward VoIP call . It 's possible the old method will remain operational , but it 's hard to say with certainty .
The next change is a bit easier to absorb : Hangouts messages that were sent through the Google Voice system to telephone numbers ( as opposed to a Google account ) will be visible in the Google Voice app . It sounds like both apps will now have access to those same messages , so you can probably use whichever one you prefer .
You can now see Google Voice messages sent from Hangouts in Google Voice . % s
Finally , you 'll still be able to use the Google Voice app to initiate outgoing calls through your carrier . A setting will allow you to choose whether you want to use only your carrier for making calls or if you prefer Wi-Fi and cellular data . If a call fails , you 'll be prompted to attempt the call using the other method .
strings Choose how you want to make and receive calls in the Google Voice app . This will affect all devices linked to your account .
This does not affect calls started from the device 's phone app
Make and receive calls
Make and receive calls Use carrier only
Use carrier only
Carrier rates apply . Prefer Wi-Fi and mobile data
Make and receive calls over Wi-Fi and mobile data when available . Carrier rates may apply if Wi-Fi is unavailable .
Prefer Wi-Fi and mobile data Retry using carrier
Retry using internet
Google Voice needs a data connection to place your call to % 1s . You can retry the call through Voice once you have a data connection , or place the call through your carrier number .
Google Voice was unable to place your call to % 1s for some reason . You can retry this call using Google Voice or place the call through your carrier number .
Google Voice needs an internet connection to place your call to % 1s . When you get a data connection , you can try again using internet or through your carrier with your Google Voice number .
Google Voice needs an internet connection to place your call to % 1s . When you get a data connection , you can try again .
Google Voice could n't place your call to % 1s .
Google Voice could n't place your call to % 1s . You can try again using internet or through your carrier with your Google Voice number .
Retry
Ca n't connect your call To use incoming call options , change “ Make and receive calls ” to “ Use carrier only ” .
The standard details
There are plenty of predictable additions related to giving true calling functions to Google Voice , including the text for in-call functions and notifications . None of them are particularly interesting , but we 'll skim over them in this section . Feel free to skip to the next if you like .
Incoming and outgoing calls will be labeled as Google Voice calls when appropriate , otherwise they 'll probably have your carrier 's name .
strings Google Voice call
Google Voice Wi-Fi call
Calling via Google Voice…
Call to % s
Placing internet call to % 1s
There will be standard controls to answer and decline calls , hang up , put people on hold , mute the line , or toggle the speaker .
strings Answer
Decline
On hold
hang up
Call ended Close dialpad Hold call
Resume call
Free
Hold
Keypad
Mute
Muted
Speaker
Speaker Off
Speaker On
Unmuted
incoming call from
•
Most of those same in-call functions will also be available through a persistent notification .
strings Answer
Decline
Dialing
Dialing – % s
Hang up
Incoming call
Incoming call – % s
Ongoing call
Ongoing call – % s
Turn speaker off
Turn speaker on
Turn on
Later
It may interest some people to know that the two-finger swipe up or down to accept or decline a call is going to be an option here .
strings Incoming call from % s
Swipe up with two fingers to answer or down to reject the call
Swipe up to answer
Swipe down to decline
And since this is a Google app , of course it will prompt users to give feedback about the call quality .
strings How was the call quality ?
What went wrong ?
Good
Bad
Garbled or unclear audio
Call dropped in the middle
Call never connected
Echo
No ringing
Other issues
Submit
Missed call notifications
While these were discussed earlier in the post , there 's actually one more directly detail worth mentioning : You can have Google Voice watch your notifications and it wo n't produce one of its own if your dialer app already posted something for a missed call . This is vaguely reminiscent to the way Inbox offers to shut down Gmail notifications to prevent duplicates , though this one is necessarily more complicated internally . However , for users , all that 's necessary is granting call history access to Google Voice .
strings Missed call notifications
Google Voice will notify if the dialer does not Missed call notifications
To avoid duplicate notifications for missed calls , Google Voice needs permissions to read the device 's call history .
% 1 $ d missed calls from % 2 $ s
Missed call from % s
Copying transcriptions
This one has nothing to do with VoIP , it 's just one last interesting feature . Previously , you could copy a phone number or content of a text message , but not the transcription of voicemail . Well , that was either resolve in this update , or will be soon . Sorry , I could n't test this yet , so you may want to check if it 's live already .
Copy transcription
Transcription copied
Update : Reported to be live . Thanks , hp-fourtwenty !
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app . The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way . Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices , which can take days , download and install it just like any other APK .
Version : 5.7.182806539
Jay Cutler , Miami Dolphins quarterback , woke up this morning in their hotel room and forgot they were in Miami but then when they realize was the new quarterback for the Miami Dolphins they felt safer knowing Ndamukong Suh was on their team .
Sports News of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : GhanaWeb
2017-01-02
Skipper Asamoah Gyan is expected to lead Avram Grant 's team for the tournament in Gabon .
Black Stars Coach Avram Grant has named their provisional 26-man squad for the 2017 African Cup of Nations tournament in Gabon .
The list features rather known faces with the inclusion of a couple of new ones .
Below is the list that has been travel to Al Ain :
Goalkeepers : Razak Braimah ( Cordoba , Spain ) , Adam Kwarasey ( Rosenborg , Norway ) Richard Ofori ( Wa All Stars )
Defenders : Harrison Afful ( Columbus Crew , USA ) , Andy Yiadom ( Barnsley , England ) , Baba Rahman ( Schalke , Germany ) , Frank Acheampong ( Anderlecht , Belgium ) , ( John Boye ( Sivasspor , Turkey ) , Jonathan Mensah ( Anzhi , Russia ) , Daniel Amartey ( Leicester City , England ) , Edwin Gyimah ( Orlando Pirates , South Africa )
Midfielders : Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu ( Udinese , Italy ) , Afriyie Acquah ( Torino , Italy ) , Thomas Partey ( Atletico Madrid , Spain ) Mubarak Wakaso ( Panathinaikos , Greece ) , Christian Atsu ( Newcastle , England ) , Ebenezer Ofori ( AIK Stockholm , Sweden ) , Samuel Tetteh ( Leifering , Austria ) , Joseph Larweh Attamah ( Ba ? ak ? ehir , Turkey )
Forwards : Asamoah Gyan ( Al Ahli , UAE ) Jordan Ayew ( Aston Villa , England ) , Abdul-Majeed Waris ( Lorient , France ) , Andre Ayew ( West Ham , England ) , Ebenezer Assifuah ( Sion , Switzerland ) , Bernard Tekpetey ( Schalke , Germany ) , Rahpael Dwamena ( Austria Lustenau , Austria )
PYONGYANG : Less than two days after the assassination of the half-brother of North Korea 's leader , small girls in frilly pastel leotards opened an ice skating gala in Pyongyang to honor the late father of both men .
The Paektusan Prize International Figure Skating Festival is held every year to celebrate Kim Jong-Il , the leader who oversaw the North 's first nuclear tests .
Their children — by different women — included both Kim Jong-Un , who inherited power from them five years ago , and Kim Jong-Nam , older by several years , who fell from grace after a bizarre attempt in 2001 to enter Japan on a false passport to try to visit Disneyland .
In exile Jong-Nam voiced occasional criticism of the regime . They were murdered at Kuala Lumpur 's international airport on Monday , apparently by two poison-wielding female agents .
With no announcement of the death by the North 's official Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , the vast majority of Wednesday 's audience at the ice rink in Pyongyang would have been oblivious of the killing .
But for anyone who was aware , some elements of the program could have appeared darkly ironic : one early number was set to Pink Floyd 's Hey You , lyrics : “ Hey you , out there in the cold , getting lonely , getting old . ”
In another , a skater performed a pistol-shot gesture to James Bond-like theme music .
“ Let us safeguard with our lives the Central Committee of the Party headed by the respected Supreme Leader Comrade Kim Jong-Un , ” read a white-on-red banner dangling over the ice .
“ Let us uphold great leader Kim Jong-Il as the eternal sun , ” proclaimed another .
Others read : ‘ Peace ' , ‘ Independence ' and ‘ Friendship ' .
North Korea marks Kim Jong-Il 's February 16 birthday as the “ Day of the Shining Star , ” although accounts differ as to where and when they were born .
Officially , they came into the world on the slopes of Mount Paektu , the spiritual birthplace of the Korean nation , in 1942 — which would make Thursday the 75th anniversary of the event .
But according to independent historians they were actually born a year earlier and in the Soviet Union , where their father Kim Il-Sung enjoyed the backing of Moscow .
Kim Il-Sung would go on to found the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea — the North 's official name — and the Kim dynasty in 1948 .
Events scheduled for the occasion include a synchronized swimming show and a firework display .
Above the ice rink hung portraits of Kim Jong-Il and their father , smiling benevolently .
Serried ranks of around 3,000 government officials in dark uniforms packed the arena , with other sections filled by women wearing colorful hanbok , traditional Korean dresses .
The perfomers included double Olympic gold medallist and triple world champion Evgeni Plushenko of Russia , and Brian Joubert of France , who won the world championship men 's singles gold in Tokyo in 2007 .
“ I just tried to give 100 percent on the ice , ” Joubert told AFP .
Unlike most European Union members , France does not maintain diplomatic relations with North Korea , which is subject to United Nations Security Council sanctions over its nuclear and missile programs — which Pyongyang says are defensive in nature .
“ I 'm very curious . I hear a lot of things but I wanted to form my own opinion , I wanted to discover , ” Joubert said about their participation in the event .
“ I 'm just doing my job . I do n't even try to find out who it 's for , I do it for the people who come to see the gala , so that they are happy . ”
WASHINGTON — Around 5:30 each morning , President Donald Trump wakes and tunes into the television in the White House 's master bedroom . They flip to CNN for news , moves to “ Fox & Friends ” for comfort and messaging ideas , and sometimes watches MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe ” because , friends suspect , it fires them up for the day .
Energized , infuriated — often both — Trump grabs their iPhone . Sometimes they tweet while propped on their pillow , according to aides . Other times they tweet from the den next door , watching another television . Less frequently , they make their way up the hall to the ornate Treaty Room , sometimes dressed for the day , sometimes still in nightclothes , where they begin their official and unofficial calls .
As they end their first year in office , Trump is redefining what it means to be president . They see the highest office in the land much as they did the night of their stunning victory over Hillary Clinton — as a prize they must fight to protect every waking moment , and Twitter is their Excalibur . Despite all their bluster , they view themselves less than a titan dominating the world stage than a maligned outsider engaged in a struggle to be taken seriously , according to interviews with 60 advisers , associates , friends and members of Congress .
For other presidents , every day is a test of how to lead a country , not just a faction , balancing competing interests . For Trump , every day is an hour-by-hour battle for self-preservation . They still relitigates last year 's election , convinced that the investigation by Robert Mueller , the special counsel , into Russia 's interference is a plot to delegitimize him .
People close to them estimate that Trump spends at least four hours a day , and sometimes as much as twice that , in front of a television , sometimes with the volume muted , marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back .
“ He feels like there 's an effort to undermine their election and that collusion allegations are unfounded , ” said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , who has spent more time with the president than most lawmakers . “ He believes passionately that the liberal left and the media are out to destroy him . The way they got here is fighting back and counterpunching .
“ The problem he 's going to face , ” Graham added , “ is there 's a difference between running for the office and being president . You 've got to find that sweet spot between being a fighter and being president . ”
Trump is more unpopular than any of their modern predecessors at this point in their tenure — just 32 per cent approved of their performance in the latest Pew Research Center poll — yet they dominate the landscape like no other .
Trump is on the verge of finally prevailing in their efforts to cut taxes and reverse part of their predecessor 's health care program . While much of what they have promised remains undone , they have made significant progress in their goal of rolling back business and environmental regulations . The growing economy they inherited continues to improve . Their partial travel ban on mainly Muslim countries has finally taken effect .
Jared Kushner , their son-in-law and senior adviser , has told associates that Trump , deeply set in their ways at 71 , will never change . Rather , they predicted , Trump would bend , and possibly break , the office to theirs will .
That has proved half true . Trump , so far , has arguably wrestled the presidency to a draw .
‘ Time to Think '
As White House chief of staff , John F. Kelly , a retired four-star general , has labored 14-hour days to impose discipline on a chaotic operation — with mixed success .
The Oval Office once had a rush-hour feel , with a constant stream of aides and visitors stopping by . The door is now mostly closed .
The pace of meetings has increased . Beyond Kelly and Kushner , they often include Lt. Gen. H.R . McMaster , national security adviser ; Ivanka Trump , the president 's daughter and senior adviser ; Hope Hicks , communications director ; Robert Porter , staff secretary ; and Kellyanne Conway , the president 's counselor .
Trump has made significant concessions and craves the approval of Kelly , whom they see as a peer , people close to Trump said .
They call Kelly up to a dozen times a day to ask about their schedule or seek policy advice , according to people who have spoken with the president . The new system gives them “ time to think , ” they said when it began . White House aides denied that Trump seeks Kelly 's blessing , but confirmed that they view them as a crucial confidant and sounding board .
‘ I Do n't Watch Much '
The ammunition for Trump 's Twitter war is television . No one touches the remote control except Trump and the technical support staff — at least that 's the rule .
But they are leery of being seen as tube-glued — a perception that reinforces the criticism that they are not taking the job seriously . On their recent trip to Asia , the president was told of a list of 51 fact-checking questions for this article , including one about their prodigious television watching habits . Instead of responding through an aide , they delivered a broadside on their viewing habits to reporters on Air Force One .
“ I do not watch much television , ” they insisted . “ I know they like to say — people that do n't know me — they like to say I watch television . People with fake sources — you know , fake reporters , fake sources . But I do n't get to watch much television , primarily because of documents . I 'm reading documents a lot . ”
The image of Trump in a constant rage belies a deeper complexity .
“ He is very aware that they are only the 45th person to hold that job , ” Conway said . “ The job has changed them a bit , and they have changed the job . Their time as president has revealed other , more affable and accessible , parts and pieces of them that may have been hidden from view during a rough and tumble primary . ”
Few get to see those other parts and pieces . In private moments with the families of appointees in the Oval Office , the president engages with children in a softer tone than they take in public , and they specifically asked that the children of the White House press corps be invited in as they visited on Halloween .
Only occasionally does Trump let slip their mask of unreflective invincibility . During a meeting with Republican senators , they discussed in emotional terms the opioid crisis and the dangers of addiction , recounting their brother 's struggle with alcohol .
According to a senator and an aide , the president asked puckishly , “ Are n't you glad I do n't drink ? ”
Information Consumption
As the president increasingly recognizes how much Congress controls their fate , Marc Short , legislative affairs director , has sought to educate them by appealing to Trump 's tendency to view issues in terms of personality , compiling one-page profiles of legislators for him .
While Trump is no policy wonk , they have shown more comfort with the details of their tax-cutting legislation . And aides said they had become more attentive during daily intelligence briefings thanks to pithy presentations by Mike Pompeo , CIA director , and a deeper concern about the North Korea situation than their tweets suggest .
Graham , once a fierce critic and now increasingly an ally , said Trump was adjusting . But Graham added that at this point in Trump 's presidency , “ everything 's possible , from complete disaster to a home run . ”
In almost all the interviews , Trump 's associates raised questions about their capacity and willingness to differentiate bad information from something that is true .
Even after a year of official briefings and access to the best minds of the federal government , Trump is skeptical of anything that does not come from inside their bubble .
In recent weeks , Trump 's friends have noticed a different pitch , acknowledging that many aides and even their own relatives could be hurt by Mueller 's investigation . As for himself , they have adopted a surprisingly fatalistic attitude , according to several people they speak with regularly .
“ It 's life , ” they said of the investigation .
From there it is off to bed for what usually amounts to five or six hours of sleep . Then the television will be blaring again , they will reach for their iPhone and the battle will begin anew .
SEBRING , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Two suspects are in jail after warrants were issued for their arrest for an alleged sexual assault back in February .
On July 9 , the victim reported the incident to the Sebring Police Department .
After an investigation , the Mahoning County Prosecutor approved felony one rape charges against the suspects .
On Dec. 8 , William Tryon and Chrystal Clark , both 45 years old , were arrested and taken to the Mahoning County Jail .
Their arraignment is set for Dec. 14 at 11 a.m .
The NRA 's country-music interest division NRA Country has removed a list of affiliated country artists from its website , Rolling Stone reports . The erasure comes as part of a website redesign unveiled a little more than a month after the Parkland , Florida school shooting that killed 17 people .
NRA Country 's list once included a broad swath of country artists who 'd previously agreed to cross-promotional deals with the lobby organization , including prominent names like Blake Shelton and Florida Georgia Line . Both the NRA and the artists named on NRA Country 's list have come under repeated criticism in recent years , as a grim succession of mass shootings intensified public scrutiny of the gun lobby . Shelton 's name vanished from NRA Country 's website not long after the Sandy Hook school shooting in 2013 , and Florida Georgia Line disappeared days after the deadly massacre at a Las Vegas country music festival late last year , according to Rolling Stone .
NRA Country appears to have scaled back its music promotion operation significantly since last year . As of now , the only artists named on its website are those scheduled to perform during the upcoming NRA Country Jam event in Dallas : Randy Rogers Band , Scooter Brown Band , Charlie Daniels , Travis Tritt , and the Gatlin Brothers .
Spin has reached out to NRA Country representatives for comment .
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News .
For News in English , follow us on
Twitter shares sank by 9 percent on Thursday after the social media company reported quarterly revenue that missed Wall Street 's expectations , and issued guidance that fell far short of estimates .
Twitter posted fourth-quarter earnings of 16 cents per share on revenue of $ 717 million .
Jack Dorsey , CEO of Twitter and Square . Rebecca Cook | Reuters
Analysts expected Twitter to report earnings of 12 cents per share on revenue of $ 740.1 million , according to a consensus estimate from Thomson Reuters .
The company adjusted its guidance for the first quarter in the range of $ 75 million to $ 95 million . Wall Street expected an estimate of $ 191.3 million .
The stock tanked 7 percent immediately after the news , and continued to drop .
Twitter also said it had 319 million monthly active users , up 4 percent year-over-year .
Late last year , the company reported that its average monthly active users for a three-month period increased to 317 million . It also saw a 7 percent increase in its daily active users , thanks in part to the three presidential debates .
Twitter said total advertising revenue was $ 638 million , down slightly year-over-year .
On Wednesday , BTIG upgraded Twitter to buy from neutral with a price target of $ 25 due to rising usage trends from the political conversation around President Donald Trump 's tweets .
`` The incessant news flow from the Trump administration playing out on Twitter and the ensuing global reaction pushes Twitter users to be increasingly engaged with the platform , '' analyst Richard Greenfield wrote in a note to clients Wednesday .
Trump 's tweets have been known to move markets and have targeted high-profile people as well as major American companies .
Flowers of the victims of the attack are placed outside a nightclub , which was attacked by a gunman overnight , in Istanbul , on New Year 's Day , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume and armed with a long-barrelled weapon , opened fire at the nightclub in Istanbul 's Ortakoy district during New Year 's celebrations , killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province 's governor described as a terror attack . ( AP Photo/Emrah Gurel )
ISTANBUL ( AP ) — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year 's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others .
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a `` heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast . ''
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in `` revenge for God 's religion and in response to the orders '' of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .
The group described Turkey as `` the servant of the cross . ''
Earlier , Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman , who is still at large , comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan .
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers , police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks .
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle .
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club , which is frequented by local celebrities , were foreigners , Turkey 's Anadolu Agency said . Many of them hailed from the Middle East .
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey , which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq . The country endured multiple bombings in 2016 , including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS , a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast .
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country . Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul 's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June , which killed 45 people .
In December , IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to `` conquer '' Istanbul . Turkey 's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab . Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video .
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by `` taking advantage of the chaos '' that ensued . Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack .
___
Bassem Mroue reported from Beirut . Suzan Fraser in Ankara , and Cinar Kiper in Istanbul , contributed to this report .
Image copyright Getty Images
After days - weeks - of breathless anticipation , the secret memo is a secret no more . Was it a bomb or a dud ?
Written by House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes and their staff , the memo was being billed by some conservatives as revealing misdeeds `` worse than Watergate '' and offences `` a hundred times bigger '' than want prompted the American Revolution .
Meanwhile Democrats in Congress , and members of Donald Trump 's Justice Department , were fighting to keep the memo , warning that it was contained `` material omissions '' and threatened revealing important intelligence-gathering methods .
That 's a lot to pack into a four-page document .
So what 's the scoop ? Here 's a look at four key passages from the memo , and what they mean .
The words `` essential part '' do the heavy lifting in this paragraph . This sets up the central point of the memo that the application to begin surveillance of Carter Page was dependent upon information contained in the Steele dossier - the collection of raw intelligence information , much of which has not been substantiated and some of which is quite salacious - complied by former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele .
The memo notes that Steele 's efforts were funded in part by the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign , although it neglects to mention that the Fusion GPS opposition research effort directed toward Mr Trump was originally bankrolled by a prominent conservative donor and activist .
The memo asserts that the FBI did not present evidence of this possible bias to the Fisa judge tasked with reviewing the surveillance warrant - and that this is evidence of , at best , neglect or , at worst , an anti-Trump agenda .
As further evidence of Steele 's bias , the memo recounts how Steele , during contacts with a senior Justice Department official , expressed negative views about Mr Trump .
Bruce Ohr , the official in question , made a record of Steele 's opinions - somewhat undercutting the accusation of rampant bias within the department , given that a truly compromised individual would n't jot that sort of thing down . That notwithstanding , the memo says this information also should have been - but was n't - included in the Fisa application .
For a bit of context , the Fisa warrant review system was established by Congress in 1978 and , as of 2013 , had reviewed more than 35,000 surveillance requests . Of that number , the judges on the court had rejected only 12 applications .
The question , then , is whether knowing a bit more about Christopher Steele 's motivations or opinions would have been enough to put this application in the very small pile of discarded requests . Or would the evidence Steele presented , or other information that the Nunes memo may have omitted , have stood on its own and justified the surveillance ?
The portion of this paragraph questioning James Comey 's decision to inform Mr Trump about the memo was probably well-received by the president , but it seems irrelevant to the point . It does , however , somewhat mischaracterise how the then-FBI director described the Steele dossier .
Yes , Mr Comey used the words `` salacious and unverified '' - but that was only in relation to portions of the dossier . They declined to comment on the veracity of certain `` criminal allegations '' in other parts of the dossier - at least in open testimony .
With this in mind , the final line of this paragraph is of particular note . The memo asserts that Andrew McCabe , the then-deputy director of the FBI , testified that there would have been no surveillance request without the dossier .
If this is in fact an accurate characterisation of Mr McCabe 's testimony , then it would go a long way toward substantiating the memo 's contention that the dossier and the surveillance request are inextricably linked . But without Mr McCabe 's actual testimony , this becomes a very big `` if '' .
The last paragraph of the Nunes memo contains a somewhat jaw-dropping `` oh , by the way '' aside .
The memo makes a considerable effort to draw a line from the Steele dossier to the Page surveillance request to questions about the legitimacy of the Russia investigation as a whole . The memo then notes it was information about George Papadopoulos , another Trump campaign foreign policy adviser , that prompted the launch of the FBI counterintelligence investigation in July 2016 - months before the Page surveillance request was granted .
Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with Russian nationals while a Trump campaign adviser and was told by one contact that the Russians had `` dirt '' on Mrs Clinton in the form of `` thousands of emails '' .
The memo does n't address any of this , instead opting to recount how that investigation was initiated by Peter Strzok , a senior FBI agent who has since become mired in a scandal surrounding an affair with a co-worker in which they made derogatory remarks about Mr Trump via text message on government mobile phones .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George Papadopoulos : The Trump adviser who lied to the FBI
The document concludes with the oft-cited line about an `` insurance '' policy for the possibility of Mr Trump 's election , although it provides no context for this vague reference in an isolated text .
The memo 's focus on Page is interesting . The unpaid Trump campaign adviser had been on the FBI 's radar since 2013 , because of their ties to a Russian bank executive who was later convicted of spying on the US .
Page had resigned as a Trump foreign policy adviser in September 2016 - a month before the Fisa warrant was approved .
The Trump team has characterised Page as a bit player in the campaign , which raises questions about whether an order to monitor Page should be viewed as a direct assault by the FBI on the heart of the Trump campaign , undermining the entire Russia investigation , or a particularly colourful sideshow to a much larger and justifiable endeavour .
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump called hate groups like the Ku Klux Klan “ repugnant ” on Monday and repudiated their racist ideology , two days after similar groups tried to hold a rally in Charlottesville , Virginia that led to violence .
Their remarks followed widespread criticism for their failure to forcibly denounce white supremacists in the immediate aftermath of the violent clash between white nationalists and counter-protesters that left 19 injured and one person dead in Charlottesville on Saturday .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump 's Updated Response to Charlottesville Attack 3:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said in a brief statement from the White House .
Trump faced a backlash from Republicans and Democrats for their statement Saturday condemning the violence displayed on “ many sides ” during the race-fueled protests in Virginia . One woman was killed and 19 injured after an Ohio man allegedly drove their car through a group of counter-demonstrators .
The president then stayed silent as aides struggled to explain Trump 's message . Vice President Mike Pence initially pinned blame on the media for not focusing more on the violence .
“ Many in the media spent an awful lot of time focusing on what the president said and criticisms of what the president said instead of criticizing those who brought that hatred and violence to the streets of Charlottesville , Virginia , '' Pence told NBC News during their trip to Colombia .
They briefly broke their silence on Twitter earlier on Monday , blasting the African-American head of Merck & Co. Inc. after the CEO resigned from Trump 's American Manufacturing Council because of the White House 's response to Charlottesville .
Trump 's statement came during a brief return to Washington , D.C. , where they met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Chris Wray . The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the incident , Trump announced .
“ Anyone who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held accountable , ” Trump said .
The president has spent most of August at their golf club in New Jersey and also has plans to travel to New York City .
Their “ working vacation , ” as White House aides have dubbed it , comes amid continued struggles for their rocky presidency . Trump 's approval rating in Gallup 's daily tracking poll sits at just 34 percent , the lowest mark yet in the survey .
By comparison , President George W. Bush did not sink that low the poll until April 2006 , well after their popularity had taken major hits for the government 's response to Hurricane Katrina and the Iraq war . Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton never dipped so low .
Now Playing : Bartender : Suspected shooter 'came off a little creepy '
Now Playing : Mom turns to Facebook to thank 'Wal-Mart angel '
Now Playing : Friend of suspected shooter describes 'happy-go-lucky guy '
Now Playing : A timeline of the shooting at a Virginia baseball field
Now Playing : Nurses honoring tiny 'graduates ' leaving the NICU
Now Playing : Friend of Virginia shooter had no inclination they were violent
Now Playing : San Francisco police respond to shooting at UPS facility
Now Playing : Rep. Costello : ' I would 've been right in the line of fire '
Now Playing : Nancy Pelosi : 'It 's an injury in the family '
Now Playing : House Speaker Paul Ryan : 'We are united in our anguish '
Now Playing : House chaplain offers prayer in wake of shooting
Now Playing : Bernie Sanders says gunman volunteered on their presidential campaign
Now Playing : Boy dies after being left in hot day care van
Now Playing : Witnesses reflect on the Virginia shooting
Now Playing : Suspect in congressional baseball shooting identified
Now Playing : Trump : Virginia shooting suspect has died
Now Playing : Rep. Barton : 'The shooter never got on the [ baseball ] field '
Now Playing : Rep. Rooney thankful for Capitol Police 's action
Now Playing : Jogger describes being almost hit by gunfire
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Colonia Dignidad was founded at Villa Baviera , a German community
A German court has sentenced a doctor who fled Chile to five years in prison for involvement in child sex abuse at a commune called Colonia Dignidad .
The court upheld a Chilean prison sentence for Hartmut Hopp , a German citizen in their seventies .
Hopp worked with Paul Schäfer , a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune in southern Chile 1961 .
Residents were indoctrinated and kept as virtual slaves for more than 30 years .
Hopp 's lawyer says they will appeal against the sentence .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hartmut Hopp , now in their 70s , was convicted in Chile of complicity in child sex abuse in 2011
Schäfer also collaborated with the government of Augusto Pinochet whose secret police used the colony around 350km ( 215 miles ) south of the capital , Santiago , as a place of torture and to `` disappear '' their opponents .
Germany last year said it would declassify its files on the sect , and the foreign minister at the time , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , admitted that the diplomatic service had failed to stop the abuses .
The scale of the abuses only came to light after Schäfer faced a series of lawsuits in 1997 .
They fled Chile and was arrested in Argentina in 2005 . They were convicted in Chile of sexual abuse of children , weapons possession and human rights violations .
They died in a Chilean jail in 2010 at the age of 88 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have released photos of some of the thugs who brutally beat up an asylum seeker on the Shrublands estate .
The mob attack in which Reker Ahmed was left with injuries which doctors feared might cause them to die shocked the nation .
After 17 people were arrested , 14 were charged and following two trials seven have either pleaded guilty or been found guilty of offences in relation to the shocking episode of violence .
The second trial concluded yesterday ( Thursday ) with George Jeffrey , 21 , of Uvedale Close , New Addington , and Ben Harman , 21 , of Akabusi Close , Addiscombe , both being found guilty of two counts of violent disorder .
Their trial , which lasted three weeks , heard how Harman jumped out of their car to join in with the first of two attacks on Mr Ahmed , and kicked them while they lay on the floor .
Prosecutor Ben Holt said Harman 's car was “ offering light to the attackers , like floodlights at a football pitch ” .
Harman , who on the night in question was wearing a baseball hat and carrying a “ man bag ” , then followed the group who chased 17-year-old Mr Ahmed and beat them in the second wave of the assault .
Jeffrey was in the car with Harman and rushed from the passenger seat to run towards the floored Mr Ahmed .
They collided with the Kurdish teenager in a move “ like a football slide tackle ” .
After the first attack , the prosecutor added that Jeffrey gave someone a “ celebratory ” embrace , before joining the crowd which was seen on CCTV “ flooding ” down Shrublands Avenue after Mr Ahmed .
As Mr Ahmed lay beaten behind a car on the road , Jeffrey made their way back to The Goat pub on the Shirley estate .
The incident on March 31 last year began , Croydon Crown Court heard , with an initial fight between Kurt Killick and George Walder , and Mr Ahmed along with their friends Dilshad Mohammed and Hamo Mustafa .
By the time the violence came to an end , Mr Ahmed had been left with a fractured spine and skull and a bleed on the brain .
They were attacked in what was branded by prosecution barrister Jonathan Polnay as “ disgraceful acts of violence and thuggery ” outside The Goat pub on the Shirley estate .
( Image : Met Police )
The seven people who have been convicted will be sentenced on March 2 .
On November 9 , 2017 , Killick , 18 , of Court Wood Lane , Forestdale , was found guilty of two counts of violent disorder .
Walder , 23 , of Myrtle Road , Shirley , who threw the first punch , was found guilty of two counts of violent disorder .
And Lliam Neylon , 19 , of Ferris Avenue , Shirley , was found guilty of two counts of violent disorder . They remained unmoved during the verdicts .
After the trial , it was revealed that another man , James Neves , 23 , of Eastwell Close , Beckenham , had pleaded guilty to one count of violent disorder before the trial .
( Image : Met Police )
A 17-year-old girl from Croydon , who has not been named , then pleaded guilty before the start of the second trial to one count of affray .
The case against a 16-year-old who was accused of violent disorder was discontinued prior to trial .
After the first trial Daryl Davis , 21 , of Laurel Crescent , Shirley , Danyelle Davis , 24 , of Laurel Crescent , Shirley , and , Kyran Evans , 24 , of Shrublands Avenue , Shirley , were acquitted of the charges they faced .
After the second trial Barry Potts , 21 , of Fir Tree Gardens , Shirley , Jack Walder , 24 , of Myrtle Road , Shirley , and , Ellie Leite , 19 , of Shrublands Avenue , Shirley , were cleared of the charges they faced .
( Image : Met Police )
The court heard how the victim and their two friends were walking along Shrublands Avenue to a nearby bus stop .
Passing by The Goat pub , a group of individuals standing outside asked them where they were from .
After telling the group they were from Iran and Iraq , they continued on .
But George Walder followed them , and unexpectedly punched Mr Ahmed in the face .
A white Vauxhall Corsa then pulled up and the driver - Harman - and passenger - Jeffrey - both got out and ran at the three victims .
( Image : Met Police )
George Walder chased them across a roundabout to a nearby bus stop where the victim was repeatedly kicked and punched .
Their two friends ran off down Bridle Road and hid in a garden .
They then returned and began to throw stones at the mob in an effort to stop them .
They were chased by members of the group , but were able to escape .
As the incident died down , the victim found the opportunity to get up and run away .
( Image : Met Police )
But they were chased along Shrublands Avenue , caught and thrown to the ground where the attack continued .
Eventually the horrific assault came to an end , and Mr Ahmed was left lying prone in the street .
When officers arrived at the scene , all the suspects had fled .
The victim was taken to King 's College Hospital with severe injuries .
So serious were their injuries that doctors initially believed they may die .
They were put into an induced coma and remained in hospital for a number of days .
Detective Superintendent Jane Corrigan , who led the investigation , said : “ This was a truly disgraceful and brutal assault on a young man who was simply out enjoying their night .
“ The victim 's friends who witnessed the incident said they thought the suspects were going to kill their friend .
“ Having seriously assaulted him , they were compelled to go back and attack them further .
“ The injuries they suffered were so significant that they are now experiencing long-lasting trauma as a result .
“ I hope some solace can be taken in the fact that my officers have worked diligently in bringing the offenders to justice ; and today 's result is a testament to their hard work and determination to hold those responsible to account . ”
Dame Helen Mirren could reprise their role as Queen Elizabeth II , at least if Claire Foy has anything to say about it .
While on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen , Foy said they would be willing to bet that Mirren will appear in later seasons of The Crown as the British monarch .
`` Do we think that Helen Mirren will play the later Queen ? '' Cohen asked Foy and their co-star Matt Smith , who plays Prince Philip in the Netflix series .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` It 's definitely not a done deal , but I 'd put money on it , '' Foy revealed . `` Do it now , go . Gamble , gamble . It would be amazing . ''
Smith 's response was a bit more timid . They answered Cohen 's question with `` maybe . ''
Watch the clip below . Foy 's comments on Mirren start around 3:35 :
Mirren played Elizabeth II in The Queen , Peter Morgan 's 2006 film , which centered around the British royal family in the days following Princess Diana 's death . They won an Oscar for the role .
Given that Morgan is also the show runner for The Crown , Mirren appearing on the series is definitely a possibility . But do n't expect to see them anytime soon . While Morgan has already said they plan to recast the show every two seasons , British actor Olivia Colman has already signed on to take over for Claire Foy in seasons three and four .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But we 'll keep our fingers crossed for Mirren , starting in season five .
WASHINGTON — Michelle Torres ' community in the town of Coamo , Puerto Rico , still lacks power . But in New York , where they took refuge , she 's now on the verge of homelessness .
Six months into the “ recovery ” from Hurricane Maria 's pounding of Puerto Rico on Sept. 20 , Torres has been shoved between these undesirable choices — live without power in Puerto Rico or live in a New York shelter .
“ We are Americans , and the aid has not arrived as it should , ” said Torres , who left Puerto Rico for New York in October with their husband and three children , ages 10 , 13 and 16 .
The family first lived in a shelter , then in two hotels , in the Bronx and Brooklyn . But their hotel voucher from the Federal Emergency Management Agency was due to run out Tuesday , sending them back to a shelter .
So Torres decided to be in the nation 's capital Tuesday to rally against the response of FEMA and Congress , hoping that lawmakers and the administration see the urgency of their situation and that of other Puerto Ricans .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed When help arrives too late : Puerto Rico 's medical crisis 3:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Organizers want the rally on the six-month anniversary of Maria 's knockout blow to help keep the grueling struggle of the island 's residents and its refugees in the American consciousness .
“ People are living through this in FEMA hotels , unclear whether they are being kicked out . They are desperate , ” said Ana María Archila , co-executive director of the Center for Popular Democracy , an economic and social justice advocacy group. “ They are here because they want to call attention to this story . ''
Daiza Aponte Torres , 29 , of Carolina , Puerto Rico , lost their apartment in the hurricane . Them daughters , 1 and 3 , were hospitalized with pneumonia after the storm in a hospital running on a generator . But with the island 's shortages of medicine and food , they left Puerto Rico .
As they were leaving the island , FEMA informed them that their home was contaminated with fungus , so they ca n't return because their daughters ' health will be at risk . They are now living in New York on a voucher that will keep them there another month .
`` This makes me feel desperate , anguished and depressed , '' said Aponte Torres , speaking in their native Spanish . `` Although my girls are OK healthwise , we do n't have a home . ''
RELATED : Anger grows and hope fades as Puerto Rico 's ground zero remains without power
Officials calculate power restoration based on how many meters were active before the storm . Before the hurricane , there were 1.47 million electric meters that were active in Puerto Rico , according to Justo Hernandez , deputy federal coordinating officer for FEMA . Six months after Maria hit , 1.39 million meters are active .
But most of the power energizing Puerto Rico homes comes from three 25 megawatt generators put in place by the Army Corps of Engineers . Puerto Rico 's grid is still devastated .
RELATED : I 'm staying : Months after Maria , Puerto Ricans settle in Florida
Microgrids have also been set up to help distribute power to other parts of the island , said Justo Hernandez , deputy federal coordinating officer for FEMA . Water is running to about 98.41 percent of clients , they said .
Ivan Ferreira walks their dog Ovito along the coast adjacent to the Boquemar hotel , where they have taken refuge for months after Hurricane Maria blew away their roof , damaged their walls and destroyed their belongings , in Cabo Rojo , Puerto Rico . Carlos Giusti / AP
Hernandez said Puerto Rico 's progress ca n't be marked only by water and power generation . They said more than half of the debris from the storm has been removed , including appliances , furniture and other refuse washed from homes . Small business loans and unemployment relief , as well as funds for rebuilding and repairing homes , have also been awarded .
FEMA still is distributing 50,000 meals and 50,000 liters a day to parts of the island , so the response is ongoing , Hernandez said . But they said a lot of effort is also going into building Puerto Rico 's “ resiliency , ” making sure it can withstand the next hurricane .
RELATED : Latest blackout shows Puerto Rico 's fragility after Maria
“ Right now I am right where I need to be based on the effort we have done , ” Hernandez said about the recovery progress . But , they said , “ I 'm running out of time because hurricane season is four months closer to me . ”
The next few months mean getting flood control in place for the coming rainy season , equipping critical infrastructure such as hospitals with generators and training and certifying state and local government officials in emergency management while keeping pace on the decadelong job of rebuilding electrical and other infrastructure .
RELATED : Why does restoring full power in Puerto Rico seem like a never-ending task ?
“ I have a lot of work to do . I 'm not concerned with running to get things done , ” they said . “ I 'm concerned with doing things with resiliency to avoid repetitive losses . ”
As Hernandez keeps up with that work and the long-term rebuilding efforts continue , Julio Lopez Varona , a senior adviser on Puerto Rico at the Center for Popular Democracy , said their hope is to keep attention focused on the island . It already seems to be fading , they said .
`` After Hurricane Maria , people saw pictures of what 's happening and felt compelled to do something , '' Lopez Varona said . `` But after two or three months there was an expectation that things would be better , and that is not the truth and the media has gone on to another story . ''
Congrats to Kelli Elliot they just won Geico 's National Citizens Volunteer Of The Year Award ! Check out all the great things they 're doing to make a difference here in Polk County !
Kelli Elliot
These are all the acts who have made it onto the coaches ' teams and are preparing to go into the Battle Rounds
The Voice UK 's Blind Auditions are underway and some amazing singers have made it through to the Battle Rounds by winning a place on the superstar coaches ' teams .
Advertisement
With each coach having a total of ten spots to fill on their teams , these are the running totals for how many acts they 've so far accumulated – and how many places they still have left :
Team Olly : Seven spots taken – three spaces left to fill
Seven spots taken – three spaces left to fill Team JHud : Five spots taken – five spaces left to fill
Five spots taken – five spaces left to fill Team Tom : Six spots taken – four spaces left to fill
Six spots taken – four spaces left to fill Team Will : Six spots taken – four spaces left to fill
Here 's everything that 's happened so far in The Voice UK 's Blind Auditions .
Week 4
Kirby Frost
Olly Murs , Tom Jones and will.i.am turned . They joined Team Olly .
Loaded Sista
Olly Murs , Tom Jones and will.i.am turned . They joined Team Will .
will.i.am turned so they automatically joined Team Will .
Tom Jones turned so they automatically joined Team Tom .
Holly Ellison
Olly Murs and will.i.am turned . They joined Team Olly .
Jennifer Hudson , will.i.am and Tom Jones turned . They joined Team JHud .
Week 3
Chris James
Olly Murs turned so they automatically joined Team Olly .
Tai
Tom Jones and will.i.am turned . They joined Team Will .
Ruti Olajugbagbe
Tom Jones turned so they automatically joined Team Tom .
Ant & Ox
Jennifer Hudson , Tom Jones and Olly Murs turned . They joined Team JHud .
Tom Jones and will.i.am turned . They joined Team Will .
All four coaches turned . They joined Team Tom .
Week 2
Kade Smith
All four coaches turned . They joined Team Will .
Jennifer Hudson turned so they automatically joined Team JHud .
Olly Murs turned so they automatically joined Team Olly .
Tom Jones and Olly Murs turned . They joined Team Olly .
Jade Williams
Tom Jones turned so they automatically joined Team Tom .
Lucy Milburn
All four coaches turned . They joined Team Tom .
Jake Benson
Tom Jones , Olly Murs and Jennifer Hudson turned . They joined Team JHud .
Jason Nicholson-Porter
Jennifer Hudson turned so they automatically joined Team JHud .
Lauren Bannon
All four coaches turned . They joined Team Olly .
RYT ( Ryan and Tania )
Tom Jones , Olly Murs and Jennifer Hudson turned . They joined Team Olly .
Chloe Jones
will.i.am , Olly Murs and Tom Jones turned . They joined Team Tom .
Donel Mangena
All four coaches turned . They joined Team Will .
Advertisement
The Voice UK airs Saturdays on ITV .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 's stock slumped 2.6 % in premarket trade Tuesday , after the banker reported first-quarter profit and revenue that missed expectations . Earnings for the quarter to March 31 rose to $ 2.16 billion , or $ 5.15 a share , from $ 1.20 billion , or $ 2.68 a share , in the same period a year ago , but fell short of the FactSet consensus of $ 5.31 a share . Revenue increased to $ 8.03 billion from $ 6.34 billion , but was below the FactSet consensus of $ 8.37 billion . Fixed income , currency and commodities client execution ( FICC ) revenue grew 16 % to $ 1.70 billion , but fell well short of the FactSet consensus of $ 2.28 billion , as weakness in commodities , currencies and credit products offset increases in mortgages and interest rate products . Equity revenue declined 6 % to $ 1.67 billion , just below the FactSet consensus of $ 1.69 billion , while a 16 % jump in investment banking revenue to $ 1.70 billion beats the FactSet consensus of $ 1.63 billion . Separately , Goldman raised its quarterly dividend by 15 % to 75 cents a share from 65 cents a share and added 50 million shares to its existing stock buyback program . The stock has lost 5.5 % year to date through Monday , while the SPDR Financial Select Sector ETF has tacked on 0.2 % and the Dow Jones Industrial Average has gained 4.4 % .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
VANCOUVER — The Vancouver Canucks say Sven Baertschi has suffered a fractured jaw and will be out four-to-six weeks .
The Swiss forward was hurt when they were hit in the face by a puck in Vancouver 's 4-2 loss at Calgary on Saturday .
The Canucks said on Twitter that Baertschi will not need to have surgery .
Baertschi has eight goals and 10 assists in 30 games this season .
They are the second Canucks forward to suffer a long-term injury in the past week . Bo Horvat suffered a fractured foot in Vancouver 's 3-0 win over Carolina on Tuesday and will miss up to six weeks .
Horvat and Baertschi had recently been part of a potent scoring line with impressive rookie Brock Boeser .
Former Motherwell and Rangers team-mates Bobby Watson and Brian Heron recently met up for the first time in 45 years .
The pair had been team-mates at Ibrox in the late 1960s before they were both transferred to Motherwell on the same day in March 1970 .
Fast forward nearly half a century from that day and the duo were put back in touch with each other .
Watson said : “ It was nice to meet again after over 40 years and we shared some memories about our old football times at Rangers and Motherwell .
“ I reminded them of the story of our transfer that it was reported goalkeeper Peter McCloy had gone to Rangers in exchange for a Heron and a Haddy ! They found that amusing but the old ones are still the best . ”
Heron suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago and is paralysed down their right hand side , and as result lives in a nursing home in Longton just outside Preston .
They and Watson were both part of the deal in that took McCloy to Ibrox and saw the mates team up again at 'Well .
They both made their debuts against Raith Rovers on March 13 over 47 years ago , in a 2-1 defeat at Fir Park .
Heron was a flying winger with an eye for goal thanks to their powerful left foot , while Watson was a more cultured player who could either play at centre back or as the playmaker in midfield .
They both played a key role in the club 's first run in the Texaco Cup in 1970/71 , both scoring in the 3-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur at Fir Park with Heron scoring the opener on the night and Watson bagging the winner .
Heron eventually left for Dumbarton in December 1972 after making a total of 109 appearances for the club .
Another of their highlights was a hat-trick in a 5-3 win over Hearts at Fir Park , one of the goals coming from a direct free kick which showcased the power in their left foot .
After two years at Dumbarton they moved to Oxford where they suffered two serious leg breaks that almost ended their career .
They did make a return to the game with Scunthorpe but the two injuries had taken their toll and they were never the same again .
Watson played on and retired from playing in 1976 having played 256 times for the 'Well .
They had spells managing Airdrie , Motherwell and Partick Thistle before concentrating on their steel business Watson Towers .
With the regular season completed , the Denver Broncos will now know who will be coming to Broncos Country and where they will travel in 2017 .
The Denver Broncos have finished their 2016 regular season at 9-7 . The record was good for third place in the AFC West .
Now we will get to know what teams the Broncos will play in 2017 .
Most of the teams were determined before the Week 17 games . The only exception being the last road game against the AFC South team that finishes in the same spot as the Denver Broncos .
The Broncos will face off six times against their three AFC West rivals , the AFC and NFC East , and the third place finisher of the AFC North and South .
Here is a look at how their schedule shapes up .
Home :
Chiefs , Chargers , Raiders , Patriots , Jets , Cowboys , Giants , Bengals
Away :
Chiefs , Chargers , Raiders , Dolphins , Bills , Eagles , Redskins , Colts
This looks like a very competitive schedule . Eight of the 16 opponents the Denver Broncos will go up against are in the postseason this year .
However , five of the eight teams play in Denver .
This is including the two teams that are the No . 1 seed in the AFC and NFC this year .
More from Predominantly Orange
The one thing for me that jumps out is that there is a possibility of the Broncos once again playing some early games .
Most games that are played in Miami , Buffalo , Washington , and Philadelphia are 11:00 AM MST games .
The Broncos could have one of the toughest schedules next season .
Broncos Fans , start scheduling now when you would like to see your Broncos either at home or on the road .
This article originally appeared on
The National Youth Service Corps has been indicted for negligence by the Nigerian police over the death of youth corps member , Ifedapo Oladepo , who died at the National Youth Service Corps Orientation camp in Kano last November .
A preliminary report of the probe stated that the NYSC was to blame for delaying the evacuation of the youth corps member to the General Hospital , Gwazo , Kano , until it was too late .
Punch reports that a source , familiar with the probe being conducted by the Special Investigation Panel headed by a retired Assistant Inspector-General of Police , Ali Amodu , explained that the
investigators relied on the medical files of the deceased , including evidence from the NYSC officials and the medical personnel at the hospital where Oladepo was certified dead .
The investigation , they said , found that the deceased was not properly diagnosed before they were given injections and drugs by a youth corps doctor in the orientation camp in Kano .
“ Her situation had become unmanageable before they were brought to the General Hospital and that was why they could n't manage them any longer .
They were initially treated for malaria , but the fact is that they are n't properly diagnosed . Instead of a proper diagnosis , they were treating them for malaria , ” the source explained .
Oladepo , a First Class graduate of Transport Management and a member of the NYSC ‘ batch B ' , died during the scheme 's orientation programme in Kano on November 29 , 2016 .
They were buried on December 1 in Osogbo at their family 's residence .
The Inspector-General of Police , Ibrahim Idris , had directed the SIP to carry out an investigation into the death of Oladepo following a directive by President Muhammadu Buhari that the circumstances surrounding the incident be unravelled .
It was gathered that the Amodu-led investigators interrogated the Chief Medical Officer , Kano General Hospital , Gwazo , as well as the corps doctor that first treated Oladepo .
It was learnt that the panel also analysed the deceased medical files and spoke to NYSC camp officials before arriving at a definite conclusion of negligence by the NYSC in the death of the LAUTECH graduate .
The source stated ,
“ The report of the investigation is being finalised now , but from all indications , there is negligence on the part of the NYSC . They ( officials ) did not have an experienced doctor in the camp 's clinic . It was a youth corps doctor who treated the girl , they were left in the care of a corps doctor .
“ That should n't have been the case ; an experienced doctor should have treated the girl , not a corps doctor .
“ The girl was neglected . From all indications , if the girl had been moved on time to the General Hospital , it would have been a different story .
“ They were trying to manage the girl by themselves and their condition deteriorated before they put them in the vehicle on a very bad road . The girl went through the roughest road of their life before they got to the General Hospital .
“ The NYSC can not absolve itself of blame in this case . All the files and reports were thoroughly analysed . It was a case of negligence and the panel established this . ”
The father of the deceased , Mr. Wale Oladepo , said the panel set up to investigate the case had yet to contact him .
Oladepo , who spoke with Punch on the telephone on Sunday , said somebody , who identified themselves as a retired Assistant Inspector-General of Police , called them on the telephone and asked them some questions but nobody had come to him .
They said ,
“ Nobody has contacted me . That is what I can say . However , somebody called me and said they were a retired AIG . They called from Abuja and asked me some questions , but they dropped the call when I asked them if they would not come down to Osogbo to investigate the case . ''
Oladepo had earlier said they were not in support of the plan to exhume the corpse of their daughter .
Image copyright Gwent Police Image caption On patrol - Lisa Gibbs , nearest , is joined by new recruit Becky Llewellyn Ennis
Lisa Gibbs ' first day out on the streets as a police community support officer was met with chants of `` plastic police officers '' from a mob of youths .
But today they insist that they and their colleagues are now respected on their beats - and have proved their worth .
They were one of the first 15 out on patrol when Gwent Police introduced the support teams exactly 15 years ago .
Celebrating the anniversary , Gwent Police said they have made `` a huge difference to communities '' .
Ms Gibbs said the job has matured into a key tool for neighbourhood policing .
`` I started work in Tredegar and at that point , the communities did n't really know much about our role which was brand new , so it was a challenge to convince them we were there to help , '' they recalled .
After a month of training , they were sent out into the town centre and faced their first challenge .
`` There was an amusement arcade with about 15 youths there , drinking , smoking - being quite rowdy , '' they recalled .
`` I knew I had to walk through them and talk to them . One of the boys started chanting - calling us plastic police officers .
`` I turned it into a joke and asked one of the others to get a soap-box for them to stand on . ''
But they admitted that it was still a number of years before they and their colleagues finally won respect for the job they were doing - being the eyes and ears of the community .
Image copyright Gwent Police Image caption There are currently 151 community support officers in Gwent Police
Across Wales , there are now nearly 900 police and community support officers - assisting 6,700 police officers .
But unlike full-time police , Ms Gibbs and their other support officers do not have the powers of arrest or carry handcuffs .
Community officers can now find themselves helping combat low-level crime , assisting with local inquiries , dealing with anti-social behaviour issues , and providing a channel for their neighbourhoods to express crime concerns .
Gwent Police 's Deputy Chief Constable Pam Kelly said : `` Community support officers have made a huge difference to communities across Wales .
`` Every day they provide a visible presence in our communities , they gather information that helps us deal with local and serious organised crime matters . ''
The Welsh Government 's public services secretary Alun Davies congratulated the support teams on their anniversary , adding they have made `` a really important contribution to society '' .
Tampa Bay Rays ' Wilson Ramos , right , is congratulated by Carlos Gomez ( 27 ) after hitting a home run off Oakland Athletics ' Daniel Gossett during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , in Oakland , Calif. Ben Margot Associated Press
Blac Chyna 's mother Tokyo Toni 's defamation lawsuit against chat show host Wendy Williams has been dismissed .
The 44-year-old matriarch - whose real name is Shalana Jones-Hunter - had sued Wendy , 53 , and the producers of 'The Wendy Williams Show ' for $ 1 million with a handwritten lawsuit filed last October accusing Wendy and their producers of defamation , slander and harassment .
Tokyo accused Wendy of spreading lies about them being a `` gold-digging stripper '' and claimed the TV personality 's actions had left them struggling to eat or sleep due to the stress caused by the `` irrational and despicable '' attacks .
They also alleged that Wendy 's verbal assaults had caused problems in their relationship and cost them a job as a Uber/Lyft driver and the stress had resulted in health issues such as depression and high blood pressure and led to a hospitalisation in December .
Tokyo 's original lawsuit had read : `` I have never been so humiliated and shamed in my entire life . I am a humanitarian ! ''
According to website The Blast , the judge presiding over the lawsuit dismissed the entire case on 10 April after growing frustrated with Tokyo 's lack of proof that they had served Wendy with the correct papers . Back in February the judge had told Tokyo they required the proof in the case was to proceed .
At the most recent hearing , Tokyo did not show up to court to seek an extension or show they attempted to serve Wendy which left the judge with no option other than to end proceedings .
Blac Chyna has also had their issues with Wendy and back in November 2016 they took to their Instagram account to tell American TV staple exactly what they thought of them in the wake of an on-air critique of the beauty 's relationship with now ex-fiancÃ© Rob Kardashian .
Chyna - who now has a 17-month-old daughter Dream with Rob - posted : `` Wendy ... Wendy ... Wendy ... you lost your motherf * * * * n mind h * e ? How dare you speak on me , my fiancÃ© , and my mom like you were at the Christmas table with us ? ! I find it so funny how you love to talk about Rob and their insecurities like at a point in time you was n't a fat 400 pound ass bitch on the radio ... Then let 's not talk about this Lil vendetta you have with my mom . Wendy Bitch you 're cruisin ' Honestly , truly .. You go out there talking about my family like you just hit the pipe backstage ! When I decided to do this show I knew I would be letting the world see us . But your horse face ass woke up on the wrong side of the stable and decide to go overboard with your comments . Bitch f * * k you ! `` P '' body ass h * e @ wendyshow @ wendyshow @ wendyshow [ sic ] ''
Local music community comes together for one of their own
This may come as a shock to you non-musician types , but the general health and benefits package for musicians and artists is basically , “ do n't get sick. ” Unfortunately , we do and when that happens it can be the most ruinous and desperate imaginable .
Fortunately , as a community we tend to stick together and some nearly miraculous things can happen . Once upon a time I myself was the recipient of just such an outpouring of love and support after a nasty auto accident left me in the hospital for a few weeks and unable to work for quite a bit longer than that .
The kindness and generosity of the music community and the community at large was a thing that changed me as person and I have been grateful for that ever since so when a similar situation arises I do what I can to be first in line to support it and make sure other people know and by this point you know where this week 's column is going .
Jamaal Woody is a much loved figure in the local scene , running the kitchen over at Slick 's Burgers . He 's also a lifelong friend of Jonathan Sussman of The Communicators and once upon a time was known to jump up on stage and rap with the group during live performances .
That 's why when Jonathan heard that Woody had suffered a recent issue due to congestive heart failure they knew they had to do something for their old friend and fellow performer . Although Jamaal survived the incident , the resulting hospital bills , follow-up care , and inability to get back to work have left the man in a bad situation .
Jonathan rallied The Communicators along with fellow artists and friends of Jamaal Toneharm to put on a benefit concert and The Tap House in St. Elmo offered their stage.The show is set for this Thursday at The Tap House ( 3800 St. Elmo Avenue , Suite 114 ) starting at 7 p.m. Organizers are asking for a $ 10 donation at the door with 100 percent of proceeds going to directly to Jamaal during this most difficult time .
While Toneharm is set to open the evening , Sussman describes it as a “ loose concert , where the groups will be jamming back and forth all night. ” Knowing the kind of show put on by both Toneharm and The Communicators , it is sure to be a highly entertaining evening and is absolutely for a worthy cause .
It 's worth noting that the hosting location , The Tap House , has swiftly become one of the area 's favorite destinations with thirty taps of the best beer the region has to offer . Moreover , the bar has taken a keen interest and involvement in supporting the local community .
For a tap room that 's barely been open six months , they have sponsored and/or hosted an inordinate number of community centered events and benefit shows , cementing their reputation as more than just another place to get a beer .
It 's a good cause , ladies and gentlemen , so Thursday night slip on down to St. Elmo and raise a pint ( or three ) for one of our own .
Carmelo Anthony and La La have split , a report says .
Sources told TMZ that the pair has officially separated and are already living apart .
Suffering through another terrible Knicks season apparently proved too much to bear on the NBA star and actor , the sources said .
The breakup is reportedly amicable .
Anthony , 32 , and La La , 37 , will be keeping their kids in New York for the foreseeable future , the sources said .
The Voorhes for Reader 's Digest
It 's the Saturday before Thanksgiving , 1 a.m. , and my chocolate Lab , Stormy , and I are headed for a duck blind a few hours north . The weather forecast calls for the possibility of fog , but the drive down Interstate 5 is clear . Along the way , I stop off for gas and lock Stormy in the camper shell before going inside the station . It 's a habit I started after I met a sad old hunter looking for their German shorthair , which had been stolen from their unlocked camper shell at a café .
Back on the road , as I approach the marsh , the fog begins to build . At a curve , I hit a soft shoulder and lose control of the truck . I try to correct , but it 's too late . With a clang , the back of the pickup goes over a steep bank . The truck slides backward and down , then a splash . There is a series of flashes , clicks , and whirs before all lights and electronics go out . I pray that the water is n't deep .
At first , the scene seems peaceful , almost beautiful . In the dim light , I can barely make out that I 'm in a large canal floating gently downstream and spinning slowly in the current . I try to open the door , but it 's locked . The water has shorted the electrical system . I remember that I have a glass breaker . It 's in the center console . I clench the tool and give the passenger window a sharp hit . The breaker merely bounces off . I hit it again , with the same result . I try a two-handed swing but only manage to scratch the window . With each failed attempt , the urgency of my situation builds . Water gathers at my feet . I lie down on the seat and try to kick out the window , but my feet just bounce off . By this point , the truck 's exterior is mostly submerged and the water is pushing against the window . The water level in the cab is cresting over the seat , and cold water soaks my back and neck .
My toolbox is behind the seat . If I can reach a wrench , surely it would break the window . In order to get to the toolbox , I need to dive for it . I go under but ca n't pry it loose . I come up for air and go down a second time . In my descent , I become aware of objects floating around me : a squeegee , a foldable windshield cover , a small pillow . The inside of my truck cab has become a giant snow globe , and I 'm a captive within it .
While wrestling with the toolbox , my hand bumps against my fire extinguisher . I grasp the handle and cylinder and use it as a battering ram . The extinguisher , too , merely bounces off the glass . The water level has risen , so I 'm now swinging the extinguisher underwater . My only hope is to weaken the window through repeated impact . By this time , the water level is about four inches from the cab ceiling , and I have to gulp air , submerge , and take as many swings as my breath will allow . My fear has grown to the point that it 's now approaching panic . A part of me just wants to give up rational behavior and scream at the top of my lungs .
Content continues below ad
They say that in a near-death experience , your life flashes before your eyes . Every thought I 've ever had , every feeling I 've ever felt , rushes in . I think of all the people I 've known , the experiences I 've had , and the experiences I 'll never have . It takes all my remaining willpower to put those thoughts and feelings aside and concentrate on the task at hand . But then another thought comes to mind , a plea : “ God , please help me. ” An internal voice responds , “ You have a little more time . What will you do with it ? ” It 's then that I realize the water level has stopped rising and is holding at two inches from the ceiling of the truck . “ I 'm going to try harder , ” I respond .
I continue taking gulps of air , submerging , and swinging the fire extinguisher as hard as I can . With each cycle , the air becomes thinner . It 's dark and cold , and I 'm exhausted . I contemplate giving up ; then I remember that Stormy is under the camper shell . I continue swinging away , and suddenly the impact feels different . I extend my left hand and feel a hole in the window . I 'm going to live ! I use the fire extinguisher to break away the rest of the glass and swim out the window . Once at the camper-shell door , I twist the handle and am sickened by the realization that it 's locked . I pry my fingers under the shell door and lift with everything I have . The door locks break , and Stormy swims out .
I swim for shore and try to climb up the side of the canal , but the sides are smooth , wet concrete , sloped at a 45-degree angle . I go back to the truck , sit on top , and rest . When I pull Stormy up , I notice that my hands hurt . The tips of my fingers have worn off , I have multiple cuts from ripping the camper-shell door open , and the glass breaker punched a quarter-size hole in my right palm all the way down to the bone . I ca n't feel or move the middle and index fingers of that hand .
I take the time to think things through . The canal sits below the road and is screened by a wall of cattails , so I ca n't count on help from a passing motorist . But concrete canals usually have ladders every few hundred yards along their banks . The fog and darkness prevent me from seeing farther than ten yards . I must wait for better visibility to confirm the existence of a ladder . I entered the water at approximately 5 a.m . It will be a long , cold , and painful wait .
I spend the hours until daylight kneeling against Stormy to conserve body heat . The sun finally peeks over the horizon , and at about 8 a.m. , the fog lifts . About 70 yards upstream , I see what appears to be a ladder . I must be sure . If I swim that way and there is no ladder , I wo n't be able to make it back . Then movement catches my eye . A small flock of blackbirds is drinking along the water 's edge , near what I 'm hoping are the ladder rungs . I mentally plead for one of them to give me a sign that confirms my hunch . As if on cue , a bird flits up and perches atop a rung one foot above the water .
I step into the water and onto the truck bumper . The cold takes my breath away . I push off and start to swim . I 'm hypothermic , exhausted , and my legs are cramping . When I reach the ladder , I 'm too tired to grab the rung just above the water , so I reach for one that I hope is submerged beneath it . When my left hand finds it , I know that Stormy and I will be OK .
Though embarrassed about losing control of my vehicle , I 'm pleased that I did n't panic as I went through the problem-solving process . I also recognize that I had some divine help : little birds to show me the way and the gift of more time—not just in the submerged truck , but also to live .
If you ever find yourself in this situation , know how to escape a submerged car .
This documentary was filmed in a very remote area of Colombia , more than 3 days travel time from the civilization . A Kickstarter project will help to fund the full length film . Via The Peacock Bass Film .
THE PATH OF THE JAGUAR from The Peacock Bass Film on Vimeo .
SYDNEY , Australia — Paul Okon has quit as Central Coast Mariners coach with four regular season games remaining in Australia 's A-League .
Okon , an ex-Australia international who commenced their managerial career working with national youth squads , joined the Mariners last season and had been negotiating with the club to extend their contract beyond 2017-18 .
The Mariners released a statement Tuesday saying Okon and the club accepted an immediate release after failing to agree on the strategic direction and plans for the team .
The Mariners ' youth coach Wayne O'Sullivan has been appointed as a caretaker for the A-League team .
After an 11-game winless streak , the Mariners are in ninth place and out of playoff contention , just three points ahead of last-place Wellington Phoenix .
The Mariners next match is at home against league-leading Sydney FC on Saturday at Gosford , north of Sydney .
Trump 's critic shoots at US lawmakers , dies in the process
One of the critics of President Donald Trump opened fire Wednesday on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game , seriously wounding a top Republican member of congress and three others before they were killed by police . The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville , Illinois , an ardent supporter of liberal Senator Bernie Sanders …
The post Trump 's critic shoots at US lawmakers , dies in the process appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The clip wo n't give you much of an idea of Planetarium 's plot , which focuses on Portman and Depp 's clairvoyant siblings , who after a lengthy world tour arrive in Paris and are subsequently hired by a French movie studio bigwig ( Emmanuel Salinger ) for a séance . Convinced of their powers , the mogul sets about making a movie with them , all while they live in their home , which leads to stardom and sisterly tensions that are only hinted at in this scene . What is conveyed here , though , is the lush , expressionistic atmosphere of director Rebecca Zlotowski 's film — as well as its fondness for breathy narration .
A melodrama of a most unique sort , Planetarium once more proves that Portman is one of world cinema 's most daring artists . To get a small taste of their latest work , check out our exclusive clip from the film ( above ) , which is in select theaters now .
Natalie Portman in ‘ Jackie ' : Watch a clip :
Read more from Yahoo Movies :
Who Bats First ?
The Chicago Cubs , as you probably saw , led off Anthony Rizzo on Tuesday . It was the first time in Rizzo 's career that they led off the game , and they had a lot of fun with it . In batting practice , they called their shot , told teammates that they would hit a home run on the first pitch .
They did not do that . The first pitch by the Mets Zack Wheeler was roughly a foot high and another foot outside .
They blasted the second pitch for a home run instead .
The home run seemed to ignite the stagnant Cubs , who tied a season-high with 14 runs — more runs than they had scored in their previous five games combined .
Bill James , among many others , have done extensive studies that show lineup construction to be kind of irrelevant when it comes to scoring runs . I mean , sure , there are some basic rules . You do n't want to put your worst hitter at the top of the lineup ( despite the Kansas City Royals ' insistence on shoving Alcides Escobar up there ) . And you would generally like to have your best hitters clustered together near the top of the lineup so that they get the most at-bats and can feed off each other .
But beyond that … beyond that , the numbers suggest that the difference between one lineup and another is so small as to be statistically insignificant . We as baseball fans talk about it … and fight about it … and rage about it … because it 's fun . But does it really matter ?
Well , yeah , maybe it does matter . But not for scoring runs .
Maybe it matters precisely BECAUSE we all talk about it … and fight about it … and rage about it .
First , let 's talk about some numbers . There is some pretty simple math here — the higher in the lineup you hit , the more plate appearances you will get . That 's obvious .
In 2016 :
Leadoff : 754 PAs
Batting 2nd : 737 PAs
Batting 3rd : 718 PAs
Cleanup : 702 PAs
Batting 5th : 686 PAs
Batting 6th : 669 PAs
Batting 7th : 650 PAs
Batting 8th : 631 PAs
Batting 9th : 611 PAs
So as you can see , the difference between the leadoff hitter and the seventh place hitter is is about 100 plate appearances a year — or four plate appearances a week . That 's not nothing , but it 's not all that much . If we could concentrate the energy spent in columns , on talk shows and in sports bars rampaging about a leadoff hitter who should be hitting seventh or a seventh-place hitter who should be leading off , we could probably power Beijing . And all over four lousy plate appearances a week .
Of course , lineup construction is not ALL about getting the hitter to the plate more . You also would like to get your best hitters to the plate with runners on base . The spot in the lineup with the fewest runners on base is , of course , the leadoff spot . The correlation between spot in the lineup and number of runners on base generally looks like this ( though it can vary slightly from team-to-team ) :
Leadoff : Fewest runners
Batting 2nd : Fourth-most runners
Batting 3rd : Second-most runners
Cleanup : Most runners
Batting 5th : Third-most runners
Batting 6th : Fifth-most runners
Batting 7th : Sixth-most runners
Batting eighth : Seventh-most runners
Batting ninth : Eighth-most runners
As I 'm sure you expected , most of the runners on base cluster between the 2nd spot and the 5th spot . There 's a reason we call it the “ cleanup spot . ”
These are the two biggest factors in determining how to set up a lineup — getting your best hitters the most chances and getting your best hitters the most opportunities with runners on base . In an ideal world , you would have a leadoff hitter and probably a second place hitter who do n't hit with power but get on base all the time — walk , hit-by-pitch , catcher interference , does n't matter , just get on base . And then your next three hitters would be your best hitters , the ones who can hit with the ball power and consistency .
That 's the ideal . But generally speaking , there just are n't THAT MANY great hitters around . And , as mentioned , the numerical difference between the utopian lineup and , say , your 15th-best lineup , is almost nothing .
So why does it matter ? I think it matters because we care . That 's all . Fans care . Managers care . Players care . What 's the first thing we wonder about when we play baseball ? “ Where am I hitting in the lineup ? ”
And then : “ Why am I hitting so low in the lineup ? ”
What 's the first thing we complain about when it comes to managers ? “ Why in the world is they hitting THAT GUY third ? ”
We have tied such meaning to where everyone hits in the lineup that it now means a lot . That is admittedly weird and paradoxical — “ it matters because we care , ” not “ we care because it matters ” — but who can really understand the heart ? Why do many hotels refuse to have a 13th floor ?
The Cubs are not struggling to score runs because Kyle Schwarber has been a disaster in the leadoff spot and no one has stepped up . They are struggling to score runs because the whole team is n't hitting , because their team batting average is down 20 points , because they have the worst batting average in baseball with runners in scoring position , because many of their key players — Rizzo , Ben Zobrist , Addison Russell , Wilson Contreras — are hitting worse than they did last year , and much worse than anyone expected .
For now , Cubs manager Joe Maddon is attacking this malaise by messing around with the lineup . They have used FIVE different leadoff hitters in the last nine games — Rizzo last night , Jon Jay the two nights before that , Schwarber on Saturday , Ian Happ for three days last week and Ben Zobrist before that . By the numbers , this is nothing but moving around furniture in the living room . That green BarcaLounger might look better in the corner , but it 's still the same green BarcaLounger .
Psychologically … who knows ? Sometimes , maybe , moving around lineups can snap a team into focus . That 's really what the Royals have done every now and again with Escobar . As a hitter with a .292 on-base percentage and a career 72 OPS+ ( both numbers significantly worse when he 's in the leadoff spot ) , they have no business ever being anywhere NEAR the top of any lineup , and everybody knows that including manager Ned Yost . But the Royals rather famously have a good record with them up in that spot because :
Everybody on the team likes Esky and tries to pick them up . The batting order does n't matter that much anyway .
It 's one of those cases where , often enough , the psychology of having Esky on top trumps the mathematical soundness of it . Make no mistake , he 's a real liability at the top of the lineup . But it just does n't matter that much .
So Maddon 's “ America 's Got Talent ” search for a leadoff hitter might ignite this team a little bit . It 's possible . You would imagine they will try Rizzo up there again and then again if it works and then again and again . From a baseball standpoint , Rizzo will have fewer runners on base but they will get up to the plate a bit more . The hope is that the change fires up the confidence of their teammates .
On the other hand , stuff like this can backfire too . If Maddon keeps switching leadoff hitters , it can promote the idea of instability . We 've all seen that happen too . It 's a long season and players generally like the idea that the manager has things under control . A daily lineup switch can create a sense of panic , a feeling that the manager is running out of answers .
Madden can push these buttons all they want , and it might or might not work . The reality is that the solution to the Cubs ' hitting problems is , not surprisingly , for the Cubs to start hitting .
U.S. forward Rubio Rubin has signed with the Mexican club Tijuana .
The 21-year-old from Beaverton , Oregon , was with Utrecht in the Netherlands from 2014-17 and split last year between Denmark 's Silkeborg and Norway 's Stabaek .
They scored twice for the U.S. at the 2015 Under-20 World Cup and made their national team debut in November 2014 against Colombia . They have five international appearances .
Tijuana announced their agreement Thursday .
Lee Tomlin has made two appearances for Cardiff City since joining from Bristol City in July
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock may start Lee Tomlin against Sheffield United as the Championship leaders aim for three wins out of three .
The attacker was among the Bluebirds ' substitutes in their 3-0 win against Aston Villa on Saturday .
Sheffield United boss Chris Wilder has no new injury concerns ahead of the trip to South Wales .
The Blades ' 20-game unbeaten run was ended with defeat by Middlesbrough , their first loss since January .
Match facts
Starbucks Corp. said Tuesday that it 's jumping on the unicorn trend with its Unicorn Frappuccino , available from April 19 through April 23 . The pink blended drink is made with mango syrup , sour blue drizzle and a sweet pink powder , topped with vanilla whipped cream . The Unicorn Frappuccino starts purple with swirls of blue , tasting sweet and fruity , but once stirred turns pink and becomes tangy and tart , Starbucks said . The drink will be available in the U.S. , Canada and Mexico . Starbucks shares are up 0.2 % in premarket trading , and up 4.6 % for the year to date . The S & P 500 index is up nearly 8 % for the year so far .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
Freida Ann Gatlin
June 6 , 1918 – February 11 , 2017
BOWIE – Freida Ann Gatlin , 98 , passed away on Feb. 11 , 2017 in Bowie , TX .
The family will receive friends from 6-8 p.m. Feb. 24 , 2017 at The White Family Funeral Home .
A funeral service will be at 1:30 p.m. Feb. 25 at First Baptist Church of Bowie . Burial will follow at Brushy Cemetery .
Freida was born June 6 , 1918 in Atoka , TN to John and Vivian ( Miller ) LaCoste . They married William Lawrence Gatlin on Jan. 23 , 1938 in Marion , AR . They were blessed with four children . They were a devoted wife , mother and grandmother .
Freida was a member of the First Baptist Church for 31 years and a member of the Esther Sunday School class . They were also a member of the Al-Alanon , AL-Ateen and the Texas Education Extension .
They are preceded in death by their parents , John and Vivian LaCoste ; husband , William Gatlin ; sisters , Margaret McDowell , Francis Scott and Ella Brewer ; grandsons , Steven Anthony Lavelle and William Todd Gatlin ; and great granddaughter , Angel Gatlin .
Freida is survived by their children , Mariam Vance and husband Ray , Fremont , CA , Evelyn Mizer and husband Bill , Roanoke , Vivian Younker and husband Bob , Bowie and Bill Gatlin and wife Carol , Bowie ; 13 grandchildren ; 32 great grandchildren ; 14 great-great grandchildren ; and numerous nieces and nephews .
Arrangements have been entrusted to The White Family Funeral Home of Bowie .
Paid publication
Kolten Wong talks about their solo homer , their first of the season , then about winning pitcher Lance Lynn : “ Hats off to Lance . We 're excited for him . ”
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win : ‘ We know there 's … more work to be done ' Schwartz on Blues win : ‘ We do a good job of being in the moment ' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘ fantastic ' and ‘ lights out ' Parayko ‘ just trying to get something towards the net ' on Blues goal Allen ‘ not fazed ' by amount of Wild shots WATCH : Gyorko , Piscotty homer in Cardinals ' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
MONTGOMERY , Ala. — Former President Barack Obama has recorded a phone message in support of Doug Jones , the Democratic Senate nominee in Tuesday 's special election , according to a source familiar with the endorsement .
But it 's not clear yet that the Jones camp will use the `` robocall '' to get voters to the polls because Obama is a double-edged sword in this state .
Jones needs to mobilize black voters on Tuesday , and the voice of Obama , the nation 's first black president , could be very helpful in that effort . On the other hand , Obama is deeply unpopular with white Republican Alabamians , so the move could backfire by giving GOP nominee Roy Moore a new tool with which to energize their base .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Alabama voters still support Roy Moore 9:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
During their 2012 re-election campaign , Obama won just 15 percent of whites in Alabama , according to exit polls .
`` This one 's serious . You ca n't sit it out , '' Obama says in the call , according to CNN . `` Doug will be our champion for justice . So get out and vote , Alabama . ''
Moore 's victory over Sen. Luther Strange in a Republican primary runoff earlier this year convinced Democrats that they had at least an outside shot of snagging a Senate seat that 's been in GOP hands for two decades . Allegations of sexual misconduct against Moore — which they deny — have given Jones a boost .
Public polls have swung wildly in recent weeks , but , taken together , they suggest a close race .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Wetaskiwin RCMP made some serious arrests over the weekend , including one suspect charged as a drug dealer and a motorist driving the wrong way down a one-way street .
Wetaskiwin RCMP spokesperson Cst . Christine Hepburn stated , “ On March 15th , 2018 Wetaskiwin RCMP Crime Reduction Unit and RCMP General Investigation Section executed a search warrant in the City of Wetaskiwin in relation to drug trafficking activity .
“ As a result of intelligence gathered in the community a search warrant was executed on a residence resulting in numerous drug and weapon related offences .
“ Both substances believe to be methamphetamine and fentanyl were seized from the residence .
One female , Trudy Bull , 24-years-old of Wetaskiwin , was charged with two counts of trafficking meth , two counts of possession for the purpose of trafficking , two counts of possession of a controlled substance and three counts of possession of a weapon danger to the public . Bull was also wanted on several outstanding warrants for theft . ”
Hepburn noted the suspect was remanded into custody and is to appear in Wetaskiwin Court on March 20th , 2018 .
Hepburn also noted crime reduction is a priority for the Alberta RCMP , and targeting repeat offenders and crime trends will allow police to impact crime in the province and increase community safety .
Wrong way driver
Hepburn also described a serious traffic situation in the county . “ On March 18th , 2018 at 5:53 p.m. Wetaskiwin RCMP responded to a dangerous driving/ hit and run complaint , ” they noted .
“ It was reported in the area of Highway 795 and Highway 616 that a Nissan Pathfinder had been traveling in the wrong direction when it struck another vehicle . The collision occurred as a result of the female traveling in the wrong lane .
“ When approached by the victim of the hit and run the suspect driver then attempted to enter their vehicle .
“ The suspect vehicle fled the scene and was spotted on Highway 13 by the fire hall in Pigeon Lake . The vehicle was almost involved in a second collision with a vehicle in the oncoming lane .
“ The vehicle was located by police and the female driver was arrested on scene .
“ The female remains in custody at this time on numerous driving related offences . ”
Stu.salkeld @ pipestoneflyer.ca
Carmelo and La La Anthony Separated
Knicks superstar Carmelo Anthony is about to lose the only ring he 's ever had in New York . The Knicks forward and their wife of seven years , La La Anthony , are calling it quits , according to reports . La La , 37 , moved out of their home into their own New York apartment and the couple no longer…
The post Carmelo and La La Anthony Separated appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
When you get a Save the Date card in the mail for a wedding , your first thought probably is n't : “ How much is this going to cost me ? ” But maybe it should be . Guests shell out an average of $ 888 per wedding , according to a survey by The Knot . And being a member of the wedding party means even higher costs . Bridesmaids spend about $ 1,200 per wedding , according to a survey by WeddingWire — and that can quickly jump to $ 1,820 after including all associated costs ( alterations , travel , gifts , etc . ) .
“ I would advise anyone in their mid-twenties or mid-thirties to factor [ weddings ] into your budget every year , ” says Jessica Bishop , creator of TheBudgetSavvyBride.com . If you do n't use the money , you can add to your emergency fund , bulk up your retirement account or save it for the shindigs that will no doubt catch up with you down the road . Every year , wedding season is May to October . Figure out ahead of time how many of these events you can likely afford to attend , and say no to the ones you ca n't . “ Do n't go into debt to pay for a wedding , ” says Bishop .
Whether you 're heading to the event as a guest or as a member of the wedding party , we 've got tips for cutting costs .
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 How to Save Money at the Grocery Store 00:00:46
Wedding Wear
The price of wedding formalwear can add up , especially if you 're attending multiple events ( like the bridal shower , bachelorette party , rehearsal dinner and wedding itself ) . First , try to raid your friends closets . Then , instead of shelling out extra cash on something you 'll probably only wear once , you could use Rent the Runway , which allows users to rent designer clothing at a fraction ( usually between $ 30 and $ 215 , depending on the dress ) of the retail cost . If you 're a bridesmaid and were just given a dress color to match , this could be the way to go . Another option — especially if you 're attending multiple events in one weekend — is Le Tote , which allows users to borrow three items of clothing and two accessories at a time and starts at $ 39 per month . If your date needs a tuxedo , Menguin.com , a men 's formalwear rental site , can help . And if you 'd rather sell your old formalwear and buy something new , sites like Tradesy.com and Poshmark.com are a good bet .
Do n't go into debt to pay for a wedding . Do n't go into debt to pay for a wedding .
Wedding Gifts
People used to think you should spend as much on a wedding gift as the couple spent on food per person at the wedding , but that formula is no longer valid , says Bishop . Think about a ) what you can afford and b ) what your relationship is to the couple . The least amount you should probably spend is $ 50 , and it 's a good idea to head to the registry website as early as possible to avoid getting stuck with the most expensive picks . Remember that many stores have a policy that if something goes on sale after you buy it , you can get a retroactive refund for the difference , so keep an eye on the item 's price after purchasing . If you 're a bridesmaid attending multiple events , collaborating on group gifts is an option — for example , if eight of you went in on a $ 200 gift , it 'd be $ 25 per person . Finally , you can always go the creative route . “ I attended a wedding and the couple were going to a mountain cabin immediately after , ” says Anastasia Stevenson , the DIY Wedding Planner . “ Instead of buying a pricey gift , I made them a gourmet , hand-crafted gift basket [ with ] wine , a corkscrew , candles and some treats . ”
Travel
When you RSVP “ yes ” to a wedding that 's not within driving distance , it 's a good idea to start thinking about flights as soon as possible . Sign up for fare alerts from websites like Scott 's Cheap Flights , The Flight Deal and HolidayPirates , or use an app like Hopper to keep an eye on fares and advise you when to book . Do n't start searching more than three months in advance to avoid inflated prices , but also do your very best to avoid booking within 30 days of the trip — that 's when prices can skyrocket . You can also always take advantage of the new “ basic fares ” on select routes with carriers like United , Delta and American Airlines — they can be about 20 percent cheaper than main cabin , and they should pop up when available next to the other seat class options on an airline 's website . Use Google Flights to compare side-by-side flight options , and one feature will sometimes prompt you if fares are likely to go up or down . When it comes to lodging , check the save the date card and/or wedding website for discounted hotel rates . If there are n't any , there 's a good chance you can create your own hotel block discount , says Anne Chertoff , WeddingWire Trend Expert . Call a local hotel and tell them how many people you are and how many rooms you need , then ask , “ Can you do something for us ? ” Also remember you can save 50 percent on a hotel room by splitting it with a friend .
With Hayden Field
A sheriff 's department spokesperson told NBC News that Wagner has remained a person of interest , and there has been no change in the status of the case . An investigation into Wood 's death was reopened in 2011 after police sought to interview witnesses about claims of foul play , but it was never classified as a criminal case and no one has ever been charged .
Wood 's death certificate was amended in 2012 from a cause of death of drowning to `` drowning and other undetermined factors . ''
Natalie Wood in the 1969 film , 'Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice . ' Courtesy Everett Collection
Wagner , 87 , has long denied any involvement in Wood 's death , telling People magazine in a rare interview in 2016 that `` we were all so shattered by the loss . '' A rep for Wagner said Thursday there was no immediate comment .
A `` person of interest '' is not the same as a suspect .
Wood was a three-time Oscar nominee who began their career as a child actor , starring in films such as `` Rebel Without a Cause , '' `` Splendor in the Grass '' and `` West Side Story . ''
Wood and Wagner had divorced in 1962 after five years of marriage , but the Hollywood couple remarried in 1972 . They had one child together and also raised another of Wood 's daughters from a previous marriage .
Wood , 43 , died while on a weekend trip to Catalina Island with Wagner , actor Christopher Walken and the yacht 's captain , Dennis Davern . Wood and Walken were shooting the film , `` Brainstorm , '' at the time .
Wagner said they and Wood had gotten into an argument on the boat that November night in 1981 , the Los Angeles Times reported . Their spokesperson at the time said that Wagner had gone to bed and thought their wife had taken off on a small inflatable boat , which they had done before .
But when they did n't return , Wagner went to find them and then contacted Harbor Patrol , their spokesperson said . The next morning , the actor ' body was found about a mile from the yacht , and the inflatable boat was found beached not far from the scene , according to a police investigation .
Wood 's body was found to have a blood-alcohol level of 0.14 percent , and officials said there was much recreational drinking going on that night .
A Los Angeles County coroner first ruled their death an accident by drowning and hypothermia , saying at a news conference days later that they slipped while getting into the dinghy and bruises on their cheek were consistent with falling into the water , the Los Angeles Times reported .
But speculation of a violent crime has long overshadowed the investigation .
A 2000 Vanity Fair report described how Wagner 's first interview with police was cut short because they were `` in an emotional state . '' In the second interview five days after their death , police pressed them on what they were talking to Wood about before they disappeared .
`` It was about them being away from home and the kids so much ... They missed them being around , '' police said , according to the magazine .
The police 's investigation was reopened in 2011 — two weeks before the 30th anniversary of Wood 's death — when it was revealed that the boat 's captain made comments suggesting they had new recollections about the case .
In 2011 , Davern told `` Today '' that they lied during the initial investigation and believed Wagner was responsible for Wood 's death . They recounted their experience that night in the 2009 book , `` Goodbye Natalie , Goodbye Splendour . ''
`` We did n't take any steps to see if we could locate her , '' Davern told NBC News about the moments after Wood went missing . `` I think it was a matter of , 'We 're not going to look too hard , we 're not going to turn on the searchlight , we 're not going to notify anybody right now . ' ''
Wagner 's publicist in 2011 issued a statement saying their family supported the reopened investigation by the L.A. County Sheriff 's Department and `` trust they will evaluate whether any new information relating to the death of Natalie Wood Wagner is valid . ''
Wagner wrote about their relationship with Wood in their 2009 memoir , `` Pieces of My Heart . ''
Andrew Blankstein reported from Los Angeles , and Erik Ortiz reported from New York .
A leader in Auto Dealer Surety Bonds , YCDB is going above and beyond to try to help dealers make more sales with the launch of their new very diverse design division .
Fremont , California ( PRUnderground ) May 30th , 2018
There 's no doubt at all that auto sales is one of the most highly competitive industries and any advantage a dealer has over the competition can be extremely valuable . One family-run business who understands this better than most is California surety bond company , Your Car Dealer Bond ( YCDB ) . Fueled by the goal of bringing premium results to small and medium-sized Used Car Dealerships free of the high-charges common in the auto world , YCDB has become one of America 's top leaders of Auto Dealer Surety Bonds .
In exciting news , the company recently announced the launch of their new YCDB Quicktips Series . This free online training series was developed to help provide useful tips and tricks to Auto Dealers , finance managers , and sales personnel . YCDB has hand-tailored extensive portions of the series to help train every wholesaler , auto broker , or retail dealer to sell more cars . At the end of the day , every dealer 's # 1 goal is to sell more cars . The enthusiasm surrounding this program they can be searched for online with # YCDBQuicktips .
YCDB is also unleashing a professional division of their company with a sharp focus on offering premium-level graphic design and website development . Again understand the nature of the car dealer business , YCDB has implemented processes that allow for the most affordable rates on anything from a top-shelf logo design , to incredibly dynamic video animation that will leave a lasting impression in the minds of a dealer 's prospective customers . YCDB Design Team is poised to help every Car Dealer in America further their brand while keeping their marketing costs to a bare minimum starting today .
“ We understand the significant challenges that a car dealer faces from the aspects of licensing , surety bonds , and even dealer insurance . Those obstacles need to be overcome before a dealer even considers where to acquire their vehicles from , how to transport them once purchased , and then how to properly recondition those vehicles so that they can be sold . Then comes the magic question that every dealer is faced with , how do I get the word out that I have this beautiful vehicle for sale , ” commented Michael G. Ramos , co-owner of Your Car Dealer Bond .
According to YCDB , the most common reason that dealers give for not making the investment in branding or marketing material is that they simply do not have the budgets available for anything other than drive-by or word of mouth traffic . The second reason is that they do n't have the ability to track how their branding or marketing efforts are really affecting the bottom-line .
“ We not only try to bring significant savings to our dealer clients through our low-cost bond and insurance premiums but we go several steps beyond . To be clear , no other surety bond agency in the country has created a team whose sole mission is to help our customers generate more sales . YCDB has carefully developed a systematic approach of offering inexpensive prices for high-end designer marketing material to build the dealer 's brand . Then we help our customer advertise their brand like crazy . The icing on the cake is that they have packaged that great material with enhanced education on how to properly represent the dealer brand and sell more cars ! This extra , free training is often the difference between failure and success . As you can imagine , our proprietary approach creates tremendous goodwill with our customers . When one of us succeeds we all do , it 's a total win-win , ” states YCDB 's resident IT expert and co-owner Philip V. Ngo .
YCDB also offers a variety of different surety bonds such Vehicle Registration Services Bonds , Defective Title Bonds , and Car Wash Bonds just to name a few . The company is always ready to discuss what may be best for an associate or client , lending their deeply experienced , expert advice .
A natural question at this point may be about the experiences other dealers in this industry have had with YCDB . Feedback from their car dealer customers continue to be positive across the board .
Idris , from Idris Mustapha Autos , recently said in a five-star review , “ YCDB did an excellent job on my dealer bond price . Their service and the overall experience was the main reason that I would ABSOLUTELY recommend YCBD to a friend . ”
Your Car Dealer Bonds is located at 1300 E. Shaw Avenue # 119 , Fresno , CA 93710 .
For more quality information , be sure to visit https : //www.cal-surety.com .
You can apply for both a California car dealer bond and used car dealership insurance right on the company website in just minutes . For maximum convenience and in true form , YCDB created a short cut to their online app which is available at www.DMVDealerBonds.com .
About Your Car Dealer Bonds
Established in Fremont , California , Your Car Dealer Bond ( YCDB ) was developed as a specialized Surety Bond Agency ! YCDB has a particular expertise with the California Car Dealer industry that is literally unrivaled . With deep roots in bonds , insurance and IT , YCDB brings a balance of professionalism , competitive pricing , and the know-how to help you navigate even the most complicated scenarios in the Used Car Dealer universe . Whether it 's a tough situation with a DMV inspector or you are having trouble finding a payment option for your bond , we can help you TODAY !
Watch this video to see how our technologies help you first protect at the “ front door ” , protect your data and detect attacks before they cause damage .
For more information , visit : www.microsoft.com/secure
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump : `` Racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs ''
US President Donald Trump has spoken out against racist violence after the killing of a protester in Charlottesville , Virginia , on Saturday .
`` Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , '' they told reporters .
They said the Ku Klux Klan , neo-Nazis and white supremacists were `` repugnant '' to everything Americans held dear .
Mr Trump was criticised for not specifically denouncing extremists in their initial comments on the violence .
Heather Heyer , 32 , died and 19 others were hurt when a car rammed into people protesting against a far-right march .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Photojournalist Ryan M Kelly was covering the protest when the car ploughed into the crowd
James Alex Fields , 20 , was formally charged on Monday for second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit and run . They were also denied bail during their appearance in court via video from jail .
They are said to have harboured Nazi sympathies .
The justice department is opening a civil rights investigation into the incident .
'Egregious display '
On Monday , Mr Trump arrived back at the White House to issue a comprehensive condemnation .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Marissa Blair says the Charlottesville car attack was an 'act of terror '
`` We condemn this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence , '' they said . `` It has no place in America . ''
`` Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America , ''
They paid tribute to Ms Heyer as well as two police officers killed in a helicopter crash after helping to tackle the unrest .
A fire of Trump 's own making
Anthony Zurcher , BBC News , Washington
On Monday afternoon Donald Trump tried to put out yet another fire of their own making . The president prefaced their explicit condemnation of the KKK , neo-Nazis and other white supremacists with the words `` as I said on Saturday '' - but the problem was they had said nothing of the sort .
In the hours after the violence in Charlottesville , Mr Trump had offered a broad condemnation of `` many sides '' - and caught hell for it from liberals and members of their own party , who felt compelled to break ranks with their leader .
Two days later , the president was in front of cameras again , with words that should have been easy - and obvious to most in a nation that expects its presidents to be comfortable condemning racist extremism .
Even on Monday , however , the president 's strong words were undermined somewhat by their off-topic introductory boasts of the nation 's economic strength and the fact that their obviously carefully crafted statement was read off teleprompters - a practice for which candidate Trump regularly mocked Barack Obama .
After finishing their remarks , the president quickly exited the room , as reporters asked why they had not spoken sooner . The president did not answer , but such questions will follow them in the days ahead .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier that the deadly violence in Charlottesville met `` the definition of domestic terrorism '' .
Hundreds of white nationalists had convened in Charlottesville to protest against the removal of a statue of a general who had fought for the pro-slavery Confederacy during the US Civil War .
They were challenged by anti-fascist and counter-protesters and the rally erupted into violent clashes . Shortly after , Ms Heyer and several others who were leaving the area were struck by the car .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Racism in the US : Is there a single step that can bring equality ?
Protests and vigils in solidarity with the victims were held in many US cities on Sunday . In Seattle , police used pepper spray to stop protesters approaching a pro-Trump rally .
Among those to criticise Mr Trump was Ken Frazier , CEO of drugs giant Merck , who announced on Monday they would resign from the president 's American Manufacturing Council .
Mr Frazier , who is African American , tweeted that they had `` a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism '' .
ERIN , Wis. – As Dustin Johnson made their first trip around Erin Hills this week on Tuesday they paused to FaceTime with their fiancée Paulina Gretzky and the couple 's newborn baby , a son named River Jones Johnson .
Johnson cut short their preparation for this week 's U.S. Open to be with Gretzky on Monday when they gave birth to their second child , but in typical DJ fashion they looked neither rushed nor concerned when they did arrive in Wisconsin .
“ The last 48 hours have been awesome , ” they said on Wednesday .
Johnson prepared for their late arrival , playing two practice rounds at Erin Hills after missing the cut at the Memorial two weeks ago and they added a final nine-hole tour on the eve of the championship .
That 's not to say there is n't a heightened level of anticipation for Johnson , who is playing their first major of 2017 after missing the Masters with what they described as a “ freak ” injury .
U.S. Open : Tee times | Full coverage
Johnson , the world 's top-ranked player whose lead is so substantial they ca n't be overtaken this week , was on a torrid run before the Masters , winning three consecutive starts , including two World Golf Championships . But they have n't been as sharp since returning . Although they finished runner-up at the Wells Fargo Championship , they were 12th at The Players and missed the cut at the Memorial .
That relative lull , however , has n't tempered their expectations or their desire , a clarity of thought they easily admit is born from their budding family .
“ It just gives you a whole new perspective on things , where before kind of golf was the most important and now my family is the most important , ” Johnson said . “ Whether I 'm having a good day or bad day , when I either see my family or talk to them , if I was upset or even if I was happy with the way I played , none of that matters . ”
Simona Halep was relieved the nerves they suffered early on in their French Open first-round clash did not hinder their progression at Roland Garros .
The world number one had to wait until day four to kick off their campaign due to the Paris weather and it took their time to settle against Alison Riske .
Halep was out of sorts in the first set , making 16 unforced errors and failing to produce the high-intensity style that has become them trademark .
Having fallen behind , the Romanian soon found their rhythm and produced the performance many were expecting , going on to win 2-6 6-1 6-1 .
`` I had a slow start because it 's always tough to start this tournament , '' they told a media conference .
`` It 's a pleasure to come here and to play . So always I feel nervous at the beginning .
`` I did n't feel the pressure , because I know that every match is tough at this tournament , so I do n't expect anything [ to be easy ] .
`` But what I expect from myself is to go there and to play as I play in practice .
`` So , this is the only one thing that I 'm following and I want to have on court . The result , it 's going to come if I play well . If not , I just have to fight and to try to not give up , even one point . ''
On the WTA Tour , Halep would have been able to turn to coach Darren Cahill for advice during their early slump , but such discussions are not permitted at grand slams .
That gave Halep even more satisfaction after the impressive comeback .
`` We have had many on-court coaching moments , and now I can say I have learned how to come out from a bad feeling on court , '' they said .
`` So today it was a good moment , I could come back alone , by myself . And this makes me a little bit more confident . And also stronger mentally , because I was able to do it alone . ''
Sony is pretty good about letting the open-source community have a field day with its devices thanks to the company 's Open Devices Program . Two new phones just got added : Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra . That means that they are open to flashing custom versions of Oreo .
As an added bonus , Sony also provides a guide to help you build from AOSP . The company is careful to point out that all of this is meant for developers , since the early stage nature of it can lead to some instability . Those of you who are interested in contributing can hop over to Sony 's GitHub project pages to take part in the community .
All in all , I think this is a great thing and I wish more OEMs did this . Good job , Sony . Keep it up .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rafa Cabrera Bello tied for eighth place at last week 's PGA Championship
Rafa Cabrera Bello hopes to emulate the achievement of fellow Spaniard Jon Rahm by winning this year 's Irish Open at Ballyliffin .
The world number 24 won last year 's Scottish Open and claimed a share of second place when the Irish Open was played at Royal Portrush in 2012 .
The 33-year-old will be joined in Donegal by 2016 Ryder Cup team-mates Matthew Fitzpatrick , Chris Wood and Danny Willett , the ex-Masters champion .
The event will be staged from 5-8 July .
The tournament , hosted by the Rory Foundation , will again form part of the prestigious Rolex series and Rahm has confirmed that they will defend the title they won at Portstewart last July .
Cabrera Bello 's record in the Irish Open to date is an impressive one , the Canary Islands native having also had two other top-five finishes and an additional top 10 to their name .
Following their impressive debut performance at Hazeltine National in 2016 , they will be hoping for a big summer if they are to have a chance of playing in a second Ryder Cup in Paris in four months ' time .
`` I am really looking forward to returning to the Irish Open and playing in front of the Irish crowds again , '' said Cabrera Bello . `` It is a tournament which has been very good to me through the years and I love links golf .
`` I have never played Ballyliffin but it looks like we are in for a treat in Donegal . I have had some good results on the European Tour this season so far , but I know I can play well and win on links courses so I 'm confident of making that count and hopefully contending for the title in Ireland . ''
Fitzpatrick is another who has finished in the top 10 at the Irish Open , while Wood is a three-time European Tour winner .
Willett , another of the English contingent , was forced to retire during last year 's tournament because of injury .
EurasiaNet Analysis
The road-mobile RS-24 Yars ( pictured here ) and rail-mobile Barguzin inter-continental ballistic missiles are weapons that are much more difficult for opposing forces to track and attack in the event of a conflict , given the vastness of the Russian Federation 's territory . ( Photo : Russia 's Ministry of Defense )
In recently staged exercises , dubbed Zapad , Russian armed forces displayed a robust capacity to conduct sophisticated military operations . The upgrades made by ground forces that were seen in the Zapad maneuvers are also evident in Russia 's nuclear arsenal . The diversification of Russia 's nuclear options , along with the Kremlin 's strategic reliance on asymmetrical actions , heightens the risks of an atomic weapon being used in a future potential conflict .
Russia – taking advantage of the huge revenues generated by the export of natural resources in the early 2000s , especially oil & gas – has assiduously poured money into improving its armed forces . In having to play catch-up to the United States and its NATO allies , Moscow has always seen its nuclear arsenal as a critical asset from a national security standpoint .
In early 2017 , Russian leader Vladimir Putin stated that 60 percent of the nuclear weapons in Russia 's strategic arsenal had been recapitalized . In keeping with a strategic approach designed to keep Russia 's opponents guessing – whether on the battlefield , or in the diplomatic arena – Moscow has invested heavily in developing nuclear-capable weapons and delivery systems that are highly mobile and much harder to detect than in the past .
Ground-based weapons in development or being deployed include the Sarmat heavy inter-continental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) and the RS-26 Rubezh ICBM . Russia has claimed the Sarmat is capable of getting past all US missile defense systems . Meanwhile , the currently undeployed , rail-mobile Barguzin ICBM , and the road-mobile RS-24 Yars transporter elevator launcher ( TEL ) are weapons that are much more difficult for opposing forces to track and attack in the event of a conflict , given the vastness of the Russian Federation 's territory .
In addition , Russia is developing a long-range , air-launched cruise missile in its nuclear Kh-102 and conventional Kh-101 versions . And to enhance the threat posed by such air-launched weapons , defense planners are improving Russia 's strategic bomber fleet . By 2016 , Russia had installed new engines , navigation , and communications equipment on the TU-160 Blackjack heavy bomber . It is also upgrading avionics on the TU-95 Bear long-range strategic bomber .
In the naval sphere , Russia is developing nuclear-capable heavy torpedoes , such as the Status-6 , for attacking coastal targets . The Russian Federation is also developing supercavitating torpedoes , such as the Shkval 2 , designed to attack carrier groups and enemy submarines . Since 2015 , the Bulava submarine launched ballistic missiles have been placed on the extremely quiet Borey subs .
In May of this year , it should be noted , Putin redirected funds intended for naval modernization for other purposes , specifically advanced research and development . Analysts believe that the funds will be devoted to nuclear-related projects aimed at countering US-NATO ballistic missile defenses via the deployment of advanced cruise missiles and hypersonic glide vehicles .
As it has gone about modernizing its nuclear capabilities , Russia has demonstrated a clear willingness to flout the rules of international treaties covering the development and use of weapons of mass destruction . In particular , a 2017 US State Department report on compliance with arms control pacts determined that Russia has routinely violated the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces ( INF ) Treaty , which dates to the late 1980s .
According to NATO officials , Russia 's February 2017 test of SSC-X-8 ground launched cruise missile marks Moscow 's most recent violation of the INF pact .
Such violations are part of Russia 's strategy to keep Western military planners off balance . In the same vein , the scope of the Zapad military exercises turned out to be far larger than Russian officials had announced before the start of the maneuvers , thus catching NATO representatives somewhat off guard .
Russia 's reliance on so-called ‘ hybrid warfare ” – in which the state 's immense propaganda apparatus plays a key support role in military operations – is extending into the nuclear realm . Prominent Russian officials in recent years have displayed a tendency to engage in nuclear saber-rattling .
“ I want to remind you that Russia is one of the most powerful nuclear nations , ” Putin said in 2014 , responding to international criticism over Russia 's seizure of Crimea and the possibility of Western military support for Ukraine . “ This is a reality , not just words . ”
More recently , in the spring of this year , an influential Russian MP indicated that , under certain strategic conditions , Russia would be willing to engage in the first-use of nuclear weapons .
Ultimately , Russia 's actions and rhetoric surrounding nuclear weapons can erode the firewall between conventional and nuclear conflict . The erosion of that firewall , in turn , increases the risk that military jockeying could spark an unintended clash , and that such an accidental conflict could rapidly escalate from the use of conventional weapons to nukes .
It falls on NATO , the United States , and other interested parties to acknowledge the dangers inherent in Russia 's protean security strategy . These parties need to focus on and resolutely address Russia 's challenge to the existing international system and security architecture . Moreover , Western countries and their partners must work to deepen intelligence and counterintelligence capabilities , in order to counter maskirovka and active-measure tactics that are routinely used by Russia .
SACRAMENTO , Calif. — The Latest on calls for California 's public pension fund to stop investing in assault-weapon retailers ( all times local ) :
1:30 p.m .
The nation 's largest public pension fund wo n't immediately divest from companies that sell assault weapons .
The California Public Employees ' Retirement System Board said Monday it will do an in-depth review next year of its investment policies regarding gun makers and sellers . The fund has already stopped investing in assault weapon manufacturers .
State Treasurer John Chiang was pushing the board to take up a divestment vote next month . But some board members say remaining an investor gives the board influence over company policy .
Four of the five gun retailers the pension fund says it invests in have already decided to stop selling assault weapons .
——
12:25 p.m .
Critics of a push for the nation 's largest public pension fund to divest from retailers of assault weapons are calling it an ineffective strategy and a political ploy .
California Treasurer John Chiang , a Democrat who is running for governor , has asked the California Public Employees ' Retirement System board to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices like bump stocks . The board is taking public testimony Monday .
Jason Perez of the Corona Peace Officers Association says the board has a duty to maximize investments for its retiree members . The fund only has about 70 per cent of the money needed to cover payments owed to its 1.8 million members .
Joe Morgan , a teacher , says that while they support efforts to stop gun violence , divestment is n't the way to achieve it . They say “ there 's no purpose for this hearing other than politics . ”
——
This item has been corrected to show Joe Morgan 's first name was incorrect .
——
12 p.m .
The father of a 27-year-old woman who died in a terrorist attack in San Bernardino , California , is calling on the nation 's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons .
Robert Velasco says action by California 's public pension board can “ send a powerful message ” to lawmakers who have failed to act after mass shootings nationwide .
Velasco is one of several relatives of San Bernardino shooting victims who are testifying before the California Public Employees ' Retirement System board . The pension fund says four of the five companies it invests in that sell guns have decided to stop selling assault weapons .
Renee Wetzel , whose husband died in the 2015 attack , is imploring the board to “ use their memory to make a change . ”
Also testifying are California alumni of the Florida high school where 17 people were killed last month .
——
8 a.m .
California State Treasurer John Chiang is calling on the nation 's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault-style weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly .
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System alongside family members of victims of the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino , California , that killed 14 people .
The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland , Florida , sent a letter supporting Chiang 's effort . Chiang , a Democrat , is running for governor .
CalPERS has a combined roughly $ 850 in a million holdings in five companies that sell such guns or devices : Dick 's Sporting Goods , Walmart , Kroger , Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman 's Warehouse Holdings . The fund 's total value is $ 354 billion .
Federated Auto Parts recently honored three of its members with awards for exceptional support of Federated programs .
CANUSA , based in London , Ontario , was selected as the Federated Co-Man Member of the Year . Luke Ramsay and John Jones accepted the award on behalf of CANUSA . This annual award is presented to a member that has shown outstanding support of the member-owned Federated Co-Man warehouse operation and its programs .
IWI Motor Parts of Dubuque , Iowa , received the Federated Car Care Excellence award , honoring a Federated member that has excelled at implementing the Federated Car Care Center program and has demonstrated an outstanding commitment to Federated service provider customers . T.J. Faley accepted the award on behalf of IWI .
Hovis Auto and Truck Supply in Mercer , Pennsylvania , accepted the second annual Federated National Accounts award . Cliff Hovis accepted this top award recognizing a Federated member for excellence in serving national accounts customers .
“ Thanks to the support of our members , the Federated Co-Man , Car Care and National Accounts programs are highly successful and help differentiate Federated in the marketplace , ” said Rusty Bishop , CEO of Federated Auto Parts . “ We congratulate CANUSA , IWI Motor Parts and Hovis Auto and Truck Supply for earning these prestigious awards and thank them for their hard work and commitment to the success of these programs . ”
Witnesses are being sought after a multi-vehicle accident which involved a stationary ambulance in Sunderland .
Police say that the incident took place on the A1231 , in Sunderland , on Saturday night .
An appeal released by Northumbria Police added that a blue Subaru Impreza car had collided with a Vauxhall Corsa near the Queen Alexandra Bridge , before striking the ambulance , which had stopped at a traffic signal .
Other vehicles - including three parked vans - were then hit , with a number of people suffering minor injuries .
Police are now appealing for information .
A spokesperson for Northumbria Police said : `` Police are appealing for witnesses following a multi-vehicle collision on the A1231 in Sunderland .
`` It happened at 8.05pm on Saturday , December 9 , on the Southwick Gyratory A1231 at the junction with Northern Way .
`` Officers attended and found a blue Subaru Impreza car had been travelling north from the Queen Alexandra Bridge and collided with a Vauxhall Corsa and an ambulance which was stationary at a traffic signal and collided with other vehicles including three parked vans .
`` The 23-year-old male driver of the Subaru was taken to Sunderland Royal Hospital with serious injuries , not described as life threatening .
`` Even though there was a passenger in the rear of the ambulance they did not sustain any further injuries as a result of the collision .
`` Occupants of the other vehicles sustained minor injuries that did not require hospital treatment .
`` Police are appealing for witnesses , anyone with information is asked to contact Motor Patrols on 101 quoting reference 964 of 09/12/17 . ''
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Lee Radford heaped praise on Hull 's supporters for their input in their victory over Leigh .
The Black and Whites ended a three-match winless run with victory over the Centurions , a result that moved them up to fifth .
Radford was thrilled with the way the club 's fanbase stuck behind the team .
“ Our away support was phenomenal throughout the game and gave us lifts when we needed it . That has a huge knock-on effect on the performance . The tempo and decision making was better than it has been over the last three or four weeks . ”
On the performance , Radford said : “ I was really pleased with how we performed . My confidence as a coach has not been dented one bit in the last few weeks but as a team , we looked like we were enjoying defending again .
“ I thought we did a really good job today . We defended well when Leigh had sustained spells of pressure and the win gives us something to build on . ”
There are three main reasons for heightened risk for cardiovascular disease for breast cancer survivors :
pre-existing heart risk factors , such as uncontrolled hypertension or high cholesterol that goes unchecked through their breast cancer treatment
exposure to chemotherapy and radiation that damage the heart
an increasingly sedentary lifestyle that leads to weight gain during the treatment phase
“ Both breast cancer and cardiovascular disease share risk factors , ” said Dr. Susan Gilchrist , a cardiologist at MD Anderson whose research focuses on cardiorespiratory fitness in cancer patients . `` That includes weight gain , loss of exercise or sedentary behaviors , and metabolic dysfunction , which are a risks factor for breast cancer recurrence and cardiovascular disease . ”
The greatest risk is from the chemotherapy drug doxorubicin , an anthracyclin . Eight treatments increase heart failure risk by 5 percent , up to a 48 percent increase after 14 doses , the doctors wrote in the statement .
But women with breast cancer are not encouraged to avoid treatment .
“ Any patient who is going to undergo breast cancer treatment — whether they have heart disease at the beginning or not — should be aware of the potential effects of the treatments on their heart , ” said Dr. Laxmi Mehta , chair of the AHA writing committee and director of the Women 's Cardiovascular Health Program at The Ohio State University in Columbus , Ohio . “ This should not deter or scare patients from undergoing breast cancer treatment , but should allow them to make informed decisions with their doctor on the best cancer treatment for them . ”
Related : Breast Cancer May Return Even 20 Years Later , Study Finds
With the statement , the Heart Association hopes to change perception of the biggest threats to women after beating cancer . Breast cancer survivors , over 65 , are more likely to die from cardiovascular diseases , such as heart failure , rather than breast cancer .
“ Anybody that hears the words 'you 've got cancer ' starts to change their lives . The bumps in the road mold us to be better people . '' “ Anybody that hears the words 'you 've got cancer ' starts to change their lives . The bumps in the road mold us to be better people . ''
“ We want patients to get the best treatment for their breast cancer , ” said Mehta . “ Everyone should have a conversation with their doctor about what are the side effects . ”
Connie Hagen , 67 , was diagnosed with breast cancer last year and underwent a radical mastectomy , a surgical procedure that involves removal of breast , the underlying chest muscle , and the surrounding lymph nodes . Them doctors put them on a five-year estrogen pill therapy to lower the possibility of the cancer returning .
Connie Hagen , 67 , of Longview , Texas , and their cancer team . Courtesy Connie Hagen
Hagen 's breast surgeon then told them about their higher risk of heart disease and recommended that they see cardiologist Gilchrist .
“ A lot of a woman 's risk is modifiable with changes in their behavior. ” “ A lot of a woman 's risk is modifiable with changes in their behavior . ”
“ I was in a state of shock at the percentage of high risk of cancer survivors after treatment , '' said Hagen , who lives in Longview , Texas . `` I have family background of heart problems , so I said I 'm in . ''
Related : Birth control pills still raise breast cancer risk
Gilchrist says most of the risk factors are in a patient 's control .
“ A lot of a woman 's risk is modifiable with changes in their behavior , ” which can include medication or exercise , said Gilchrist .
After getting a personalized exercise prescription from Gilchrist , Hagen is playing tennis again — and likely reducing their risk of heart failure in the process .
“ Anybody that hears the words 'you 've got cancer ' starts to change their lives , '' said Hagen . `` And this last year being diagnosed with cancer changed my attitude a lot . I do n't take things for granted . ”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 0:58 Two students shot inside California middle school Pause 0:31 What to do if you suspect human trafficking 1:02 Victim 's father tries to attack Larry Nassar in court 3:01 How many U.S. wars equal the one in Afghanistan ? 1:36 Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter 1:00 Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart , Fidel Castro 's eldest son , speaks in the capital of South Africa in 2015 1:16 Cuban press announces Fidel Castro oldest son 's death 0:42 See the beautiful , massive super blue blood moon set over Shell Beach 1:37 Video captures moment puppy stolen from front yard of home 1:22 Holocaust museum reacts to Polish vote to regulate Holocaust speech Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar 's final sentencing hearing the father of three victims , Randall Margraves , tried to attack Nassar . The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom . This hearing focuses on Nassar 's work with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club . More than 30 victims have given statements so far . During a similar hearing that ended last week , more than 150 girls and women came forward . Pool via AP
On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar 's final sentencing hearing the father of three victims , Randall Margraves , tried to attack Nassar . The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom . This hearing focuses on Nassar 's work with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club . More than 30 victims have given statements so far . During a similar hearing that ended last week , more than 150 girls and women came forward . Pool via AP
Video
Simon Ostrovsky , a friend of Arkady Babchenko , told BBC Radio 5 live that they feel anger and relief in equal measure after discovering the Russian journalist is alive and well .
Mr. Babchenko turned up at a news conference less than 24 hours after it was reported that he 'd been shot dead in Kiev .
Ukraine said it staged the fake murder as part of a sting operation to foil a Russian assassination plot .
Mr. Ostrovsky said : “ From being incredibly gloomy and sad yesterday to frankly anger today , that we 've all been hoodwinked and made to believe our friend died .
“ It 's a very confusing time . ”
This clip is originally from 5 live Drive on 30 May 2018 .
TORONTO — Wayne Millard was found dead in their bed in November 2012 — a bullet lodged in their brain .
The death of the 71-year-old wealthy business person was initially ruled a suicide . Two years later , police charged their son , Dellen Millard , with first-degree murder .
The 32-year-old , who is serving two consecutive life sentences for two separate murders , has pleaded not guilty to the charge .
As Dellen Millard 's murder trial gets underway Thursday , family members say they 're struggling to make sense of the ordeal .
“ I 'm sick over all this , ” said Peter Roberts , who remembered their cousin Wayne Millard as a generous , caring man .
Roberts recalled asking the elder Millard for help when their ailing mother wanted to spend their final days in their own home . Their cousin paid nearly $ 100,000 for round-the-clock care for about a year , Roberts said .
“ It was such a delight to talk to him , ” they said . “ All of a sudden I have a guy to go to talk to , like a mentor . Then he 's gone . ”
Wayne Millard was the owner of Millardair , an aviation company based near Waterloo , Ont. , that they inherited from their father .
According to court documents and pre-trial motions , it was Dellen Millard who found their father 's body in the home the two shared in Toronto 's west end on Nov. 29 , 2012 . They then called their mother , Madeleine Burns — their parents had separated in 1990 and divorced in 1996 — and told them Wayne Millard was dead , court documents show .
Burns went to the house and then called 911 , court documents show .
In May 2013 , months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard , their son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma , of Hamilton , who disappeared after leaving their house with two men who asked to test drive a truck they posted for sale online .
Soon after Dellen Millard 's arrest , police reopened the case of their father 's death . They still had the gun that was found beside their bed , court has heard . They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard 's DNA on the handle , court documents show . Last year , a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver .
In 2016 , Dellen Millard and their friend , Mark Smich , were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma 's death and received life sentences . The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned their body in an animal incinerator .
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock , a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard 's arrest in Bosma 's disappearance .
Millard 's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone . Ontario 's attorney general agreed the man 's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors , thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury .
Millard 's defence , according to court documents , will be that their father killed himself . A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard 's state of mind at the time of their death .
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals .
In 1982 , just days after they were arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death , they flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I .
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane , a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture . They and Burns , who would later become their wife , were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson .
“ He was very incensed about the seal hunt , ” Watson said . “ He stuck to their ground and did n't give in . They were persistent , passionate and they were dedicated . ”
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair . They once sued Air Canada because they suspended them for growing their hair too long , said Dennis Chadala , who wrote a book about their years with Millardair .
“ Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle their father , Carl , who was a real tough boss , ” Chadala said . “ But they were also a rabble-rouser . ”
After their father died in 2006 , Wayne Millard took over Millardair , but the company was n't doing well . They embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance , repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport . They told others , including their cousin Roberts , that they were doing it so their son could run it one day .
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead , their son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down .
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012 , Dellen Millard called their dad a generous man .
“ His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly , ” they wrote . “ He was patient and stubborn … They believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort . They were a good man in a careless world . They were my father . ”
Vietnam Vet FINALLY Awarded With Medal Of Honor From Trump – Their Story Is INCREDIBLE !
President Trump will award the Medal of Honor to a Vietnam vet who lost their brothers on a Vietnamese hill… they did n't think they would survive either , but they did . Jim McCloughan is a true hero and he 's about to finally be recognized for it . They saved the lives of ten men in the Battle of Nui Yon Hill on May 13-15 , 1969 . They will be the first vet to receive America 's highest military honor from President Trump . He 's very excited about the event and they should be . It 's a pity they were not recognized for their bravery long ago .
This guy risked their lives nine times to save their men . That takes incredible courage . They did n't think… they just did . I ca n't imagine running 100 meters in an open field through enemy crossfire . No wonder they thought they would die . Even though they were wounded by shrapnel , McCloughan would not leave the hill or their brothers in arms . “ I knew that they were going to need me . I was n't going to leave my men . Nope , ” they said , while admitting that “ I thought that would be my last day on Earth , though . ”
From Western Journalism :
A man who never expected to live past the May 1969 battle where they saw their comrades shot down on a Vietnamese hill will receive the Medal of Honor from President Donald Trump in July . Jim McCloughan , who helped to save the lives of 10 wounded men in the Battle of Nui Yon Hill on May 13-15 , 1969 , will be the first veteran to receive America 's highest military honor from Trump . “ President Donald Trump will be putting that on me for the first time in their experience of doing such a thing , ” the former combat medic said . “ That 's pretty special. ” American Hero & # USArmy # Vietnam Veteran SP5 James McCloughan to receive # MedalOfHonor for actions on May 13-15 1969 https : //t.co/GxthhUUFzv pic.twitter.com/6u35csxvsG × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins 's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life . Gleaned from a lifetime of trial , error , and writing it down , Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short , digestible chapters . Buy Now — GEN Mark A. Milley ( @ ArmyChiefStaff ) June 13 , 2017 McCloughan “ voluntarily risked their lives on nine separate occasions to rescue wounded and disoriented comrades , ” the White House said in a statement . “ When the squad and crew members reached the company perimeter , a wounded soldier was laying on the ground , too injured to move , ” according to the official award narrative . “ McCloughan ran 100 meters in an open field through the crossfire of their company and the charging , platoon-sized North Vietnamese Army . Upon reaching the wounded soldier , Pfc . McCloughan shouldered them and raced back to the company , saving them from being captured or killed , ” the narrative said . Inside story of Vietnam # veteran James McCloughan 's acts of valor that led to the Medal of Honor : @ MeghannReports https : //t.co/Z5wJg8tyqG pic.twitter.com/KxNAYls6EF — Kathleen Curthoys ( @ KACurthoys ) June 13 , 2017
“ I 'm not a hero , ” McCloughan said . “ I just did my job . I 'm not a hero . There are a bunch of heroes there , a bunch of heroes . You know , any veteran will tell you the real heroes , they 're not here with us . I feel honored to be able to accept this for the 89 men that fought that battle , ” McCloughan added . After McCloughan got out of the military , they became a high school teacher and a coach . He 's done that for 40 years . They were originally recommended for the Distinguished Service Cross , but was later awarded a Bronze Star with “ V ” device . Their former platoon leader revived McCloughan 's case in 2009 . Former Defense Secretary Ash Carter upgraded it to a Medal of Honor . They have more than earned the distinction .
An Army captain called McCloughan and told them they had the President of the United States on the phone for him . “ I said , ‘ Can my wife pick up another phone ? ' ” McCloughan asked . “ This medal is all about love , ” McCloughan said . “ It 's a love story so deep in my soul that it is truly immeasurable. ” This guy really does n't consider themselves a hero , but they are . He 's a great choice for being first in line to receive the honor from the President as well .
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Trumbull County Commissioners called 2016 a success , saying they were able to do more with less .
Going forward , one of the top concerns — as always — is keeping the budget out of the red .
“ Everything is on the table when you talk about budgets and how to stay in the black ” Mauro Cantalamessa , Trumbull County Commissioner , said .
Cantalamessa added budget challenges are nothing new for the county , and they feel confident about it going forward .
Along with a $ 7.7 million waterline project that 's happening in 2017 , county commissioners are hoping to bring more jobs to Trumbull County .
“ Hopefully we 'll be able to work with our Port Authority , our Chamber of Commerce , ” said Frank Fuda , Trumbull County Commissioner . “ We have some companies interested in the area . We 're hoping to land one of those companies or a couple of those companies . ”
“ With a continuing reduction in budgets , it 's a difficult task , ” said David Ditzler , Mahoning County Commissioner .
Money may be a little tighter in Mahoning County too , but upgrades to the county courthouse — as well as a new dog pound — are in store for the upcoming year .
Commissioners say they 'll also focus on getting more grant money , which has been harder to come by .
“ So we have to retool our thinking a little bit to get more help from the state and federal government , ” said Anthony Traficanti , Mahoning County Commissioner . “ That 's basically where we 're at . ”
The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs .
The award of the $ 1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea 's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump 's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran 's nuclear program .
The prize committee wanted “ to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations , ” Oeivind Stenersen , a historian of the peace prize , told The Associated Press . “ The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal . I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state . ”
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July , but which needs ratification from 50 countries . Only three countries have ratified it so far . It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Last month in Berlin , ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries . Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading “ Time to Go : Ban Nuclear Weapons . ”
The group “ has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world 's nations to pledge to co-operate … in efforts to stigmatize , prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons , ” Norwegian Nobel Committee chairperson Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement .
The prize “ sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour . We will not support it , we will not make excuses for it , we ca n't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security . That 's not how you build security , ” ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva .
They said that they “ worried that it was a prank ” after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made . Fihn said they did n't believe it until they heard the name of the group proclaimed on television .
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize , and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters .
“ We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms , nuclear-armed states — North Korea , U.S. , Russia , China , France , U.K. , Israel , all of them , India , Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians , ” they said .
Reiss-Andersen noted that similar prohibitions have been reached on chemical and biological weapons , land mines and cluster munitions .
“ Nuclear weapons are even more destructive , but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition , ” they said .
Reiss-Andersen said “ through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons , ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress . ”
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic , given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached , Reiss-Andersen said “ What will not have an impact is being passive . ”
Oman Air , the national carrier of Oman , was the co-lead partner of the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference 2017 . The event was held on April 5-6 at the Shangri-La Barr Al -Jissah Resort & Spa in Muscat .
Now in its third year , the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference is the most significant conference for the luxury and fashion industries , and draws on the collective influence of Condé Nast International 's publications , and the vision of International Vogue Editor Suzy Menkes .
The event brought together over 500 decision-makers , influencers and innovators from more than 30 countries for a comprehensive two-day program of talks , speeches , interviews and social events .
Attendees at this year 's event included international fashion designer Elie Saab , Jimmy Choo , Pierre Denis , Stefan Siegel , and Omani fashion designer Amal Al-Raisi .
As one of two co-lead partners , along with Place Vendôme , Oman Air not only provided financial support for the conference but played an active role in the various programs . Members of Oman Air 's crew , dressed in their uniforms , attended the event and presented a model of the airline 's business class seats .
Menkes was one of the many high-profile figures who enjoyed experiencing the seat 's luxurious comfort .
Oman Air also hosted an exclusive gala dinner at Oman 's National Museum , which was attended by fashionistas , business officials and government representatives .
The theme for this year 's conference was “ Mindful Luxury . ”
Sayyid Badr bin Hamad Al-Busaidi , secretary general at the ministry of foreign affairs , gave a presentation highlighting how this concept is realized in Oman .
Paul Gregorowitsch , CEO Oman Air , said : “ As a company , we are committed to actively promoting the Sultanate of Oman as an attractive destination where modernity is combined with authenticity . We were delighted to be a key sponsor of the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference 2017 . ”
They added : “ Events of this caliber are unique and attract a prestigious audience , enabling both the Sultanate of Oman and Oman Air to collaborate with world-leading brands and showcase the numerous attractions that the beautiful country of Oman has to offer . We were very pleased to see how well-received the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference 2017 was and we look forward to collaborating on other similarly impressive events in the future . ”
Oman Air , the national carrier of Oman , was the co-lead partner of the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference 2017 . The event was held on April 5-6 at the Shangri-La Barr Al -Jissah Resort & Spa in Muscat .
Now in its third year , the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference is the most significant conference for the luxury and fashion industries , and draws on the collective influence of Condé Nast International 's publications , and the vision of International Vogue Editor Suzy Menkes .
The event brought together over 500 decision-makers , influencers and innovators from more than 30 countries for a comprehensive two-day program of talks , speeches , interviews and social events .
Attendees at this year 's event included international fashion designer Elie Saab , Jimmy Choo , Pierre Denis , Stefan Siegel , and Omani fashion designer Amal Al-Raisi .
As one of two co-lead partners , along with Place Vendôme , Oman Air not only provided financial support for the conference but played an active role in the various programs . Members of Oman Air 's crew , dressed in their uniforms , attended the event and presented a model of the airline 's business class seats .
Menkes was one of the many high-profile figures who enjoyed experiencing the seat 's luxurious comfort .
Oman Air also hosted an exclusive gala dinner at Oman 's National Museum , which was attended by fashionistas , business officials and government representatives .
The theme for this year 's conference was “ Mindful Luxury . ”
Sayyid Badr bin Hamad Al-Busaidi , secretary general at the ministry of foreign affairs , gave a presentation highlighting how this concept is realized in Oman .
Paul Gregorowitsch , CEO Oman Air , said : “ As a company , we are committed to actively promoting the Sultanate of Oman as an attractive destination where modernity is combined with authenticity . We were delighted to be a key sponsor of the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference 2017 . ”
They added : “ Events of this caliber are unique and attract a prestigious audience , enabling both the Sultanate of Oman and Oman Air to collaborate with world-leading brands and showcase the numerous attractions that the beautiful country of Oman has to offer . We were very pleased to see how well-received the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference 2017 was and we look forward to collaborating on other similarly impressive events in the future . ”
Image copyright PA Image caption Police cordoned off the scene of the double shooting in St Leonards
A man has been charged with murdering a mother and daughter who were shot dead at their home in East Sussex .
Craig Savage , 35 , of no fixed address , is accused of killing the two women and also robbery in relation to the theft of a firearm and ammunition .
They have been remanded in custody to appear before magistrates on Tuesday .
Heather Whitbread , 53 , and Michelle Savage , 32 , died at the scene at their home in Bexhill Road , St Leonards , on Friday night .
Mr Savage is due to appear before Brighton magistrates via video link .
BEIJING — With coding skills , a foreign degree , fluent English and an apartment barely big enough for their espresso maker and two cats , Si Ruomu thought they were the kind of go-getting young tech worker that Beijing needs to thrive in the 21st century .
That was before the police arrived at their apartment building and ordered them and hundreds of others to vacate within 48 hours . Like most of their fellow tenants , Mr. Si had come from elsewhere in China to find work in the capital , which often treats migrants virtually as second-class citizens .
“ One minute you 're drinking espressos , the next you 're being evicted , ” said Mr. Si , 28 , a bespectacled programmer who grew up in northern China and studied computer science in New Zealand . “ I 'm starting to think whether people like me have a future in Beijing . ”
As Beijing has launched its most aggressive drive in decades to rid itself of unwanted migrants , the brunt of the crackdown has fallen on laborers from the countryside . But it has also hurt a different kind of migrant : educated and ambitious white-collar workers drawn to the city 's new economy of tech , finance and hospitality industries .
A 24-year-old man was arrested after they allegedly confessed to intentionally ramming a police vehicle with their car . They told police they did it because they wanted to be arrested . `` He told police that they wanted
More > >
Almost Done !
Please confirm your details below .
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you . The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you . You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile . Birthdate { * birthdate * } Gender { * gender * }
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers ( e.g . epaper , Digital Access , Subscriber Rewards ) , please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code . { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * } { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * }
{ * # socialRegistrationForm * } { * firstName * } { * lastName * } { * emailAddress * } { * displayName * }
By clicking `` Create Account '' , I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account .
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia 's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia 's Privacy Statement . I consent to the collection , use , maintenance , and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia 's Privacy Policy .
{ * backButton * }
{ * /socialRegistrationForm * }
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face , one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Image copyright Lazar Wall Image caption Staff at this Rio de Janeiro petrol station tell queues of drivers that they have run out of fuel
How long would you wait for petrol ?
Would you queue for an hour just to fill up your tank ? How about queuing at many different petrol stations only to find some are out of fuel entirely ?
This is the reality that has faced many Brazilians as petrol stations are only now beginning to recover from a fuel shortage that brought much of Brazil to a standstill .
Lorry drivers are striking in the South American country over the rising cost of fuel , with diesel prices nearly doubling since 2016 .
The protests led to mass queues at petrol stations , with one person telling the BBC that they travelled to three petrol stations before finding one that had any fuel .
'People are buying up all the petrol '
Image copyright Paolita Gonzalez Image caption Paolita Gonzalez shared this photo of queues outside a petrol station in Rondonia , Brazil
Paolita Gonzalez was able to see the situation in gas stations across Brazil as they travelled on a bus from Lima to São Paulo .
`` People are protesting in the streets , '' they said . `` They 're buying up all the petrol .
`` We went to three petrol stations today before finding one that was n't completely out of fuel . And 10 minutes after our arrival a swarm of people showed up to create a line of 20 cars and 40 bikes .
`` When they find a petrol station that still has fuel , swarms of people show up with their vehicles buying as much as they can .
`` We have seen this at many petrol stations on our journey . ''
'Only 15 % of stations have petrol '
Image copyright Lazar Wall Image caption Lazar Wall shared this photo of an empty petrol station in Rio de Janeiro - over 1,500 miles away from Rondonia
Lazar Wall is in the Ipanema neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro .
They described the situation as `` slowly going back to normal '' as petrol stations are being replenished , and explained that local media in Rio is reporting only 15 % of petrol stations now have fuel .
`` Cheaper petrol is selling out immediately , '' they said . `` Personally I ca n't stray too much from local tube stations because my car is running on empty .
`` Vehicle traffic on the streets has been scarce , making these days look like a World Cup match when everybody 's at home watching TV .
`` Grocery store shelves are getting empty , especially of vegetables and fruits . ''
Strike garners support online
One commentator tweeted the relative improvement in people 's lives since the fuel crisis began .
Skip Twitter post by @ coreh So Brazil is currently facing a fuel supply crisis . Within * 5 days * everyone has already joined a carpool group , is working from home or walking/cycling to work . Air quality has drastically improved and traffic jams are * gone * . I 'm starting to wish gas prices would remain high . — Marco Buono ( @ coreh ) May 29 , 2018 Report
The lorry drivers ' strike has yet to conclude .
Brazilians have shown their support online by tweeting # EuApoioAGreveDosCaminhoneiros - which can be translated as `` I support the truckers ' strike '' - with over 500,000 tweets sent using the hashtag .
Such tweets include a powerful video of striking drivers singing the Brazilian national anthem whilst on their knees , as well as lighter footage of people playing music to support the strike on the roadside .
And one person shared pictures of drivers who transport perishable food donating their cargo to charity rather than letting it spoil in the heat .
By Victoria Park & Tom Gerken , BBC UGC & Social News
Syracuse coach Dino Babers has n't enjoyed reviewing tape of last year 's game at Pittsburgh , and for good reason .
The Orange were on the short end of a 76-61 loss at Heinz Field . The 2016 season finale was the highest-scoring regular-season game in FBS history as both teams combined for 1,312 yards of total offence and a record 20 touchdowns .
Not so easy to forget .
“ I 've never been through something like that before . You really did n't have time to think . It took your breath away and you were totally exhausted after the game , ” Babers said . “ I was exhausted with the loss and the other guy ( Pitt coach Pat Narduzzi ) was exhausted with the win .
“ I 'm not sure I ever want to go through it again , either , unless we 're going to win the doggone thing . ”
That might not be so great , either .
“ If I was a defensive co-ordinator , I 'd be really , really miserable , ” Narduzzi said . “ As a head coach , I was only a little bit miserable . ”
The teams meet again on Saturday , this time in the Carrier Dome , and come in with identical records — 2-3 overall and 0-1 in the Atlantic Coast Conference ) — in what is a critical game for both teams . The Panthers are fresh from a convincing 42-10 victory over Rice . The Orange have lost two straight on the road — both by single digits to LSU and North Carolina State — and have dropped five straight in conference play dating to last year .
Syracuse 's top two tacklers — senior linebackers Zaire Franklin and Parris Bennett — were nonfactors last year because of injuries . Bennett is healthy and Franklin is listed as probable for this game .
“ We 'll work really hard to make sure something like that ( last year 's game ) does n't happen again , ” Babers said . “ They 're coming into our place hot , and we desperately need a win . ”
Other things to know when Pittsburgh visits Syracuse on Saturday :
DYNAMIC DUO : Record-setting receiver Amba Etta-Tawo , a transfer from Maryland , completed their one-year Syracuse career last November against Pitt with 13 receptions for 178 yards and five touchdowns . The Orange do n't figure to miss a beat with senior wideouts Steve Ishmael and Erv Philips .
Ishmael has eclipsed 100 yards receiving in every game and leads the nation with 10.2 catches per game while Philips is third at 8.8 . The two have a combined 95 catches for 1,052 yards and four TDs .
MAX IS BACK … MAYBE : The two-man tug of war at quarterback for Pitt appears to be over . Graduate transfer Max Browne put the competition between themselves and sophomore Ben DiNucci to rest — for now — after lighting up Rice for 410 yards and four touchdowns .
“ Max is back , and we 've just got to keep them that way , and we 've got to be able to throw the ball this weekend , for sure , ” Narduzzi said .
For the first time all season , Browne had the time and the confidence to go deep regularly . Four different receivers had at least one reception of at least 20 yards against Rice . The Panthers entered the game near the bottom of the country in yards per completion .
UNDER ATTACK : The Panthers are ranked 106th in the country against the pass , though that 's actually an improvement over a year ago , when Pitt was next-to-last in the nation . The resume included allowing 440 yards to the Orange .
Narduzzi does n't feel quite as wary this time around . The return of safety Jordan Whitehead from suspension and the improvement of Dane Jackson at corner have given the secondary a bit more bite .
“ They want to get matchups . Sure , they are going to try to go after our safeties , and I would , too , ” Narduzzi said . “ So we have got to shore up what we are doing with those guys , how we are doing it . And you know , they can go after the corners . I hope they go after the corners because I feel good about whom those guys are out there right now . I feel a lot better than we did last year at this game . ”
THE DUNGEY FACTOR : Last year backup QB Zack Mahoney started against Pitt in place of Eric Dungey , who missed the final three games of the season . Mahoney tied a school record with five TD passes and also ran for 49 yards and two TDs in finishing with 489 yards in total offence , the second-best total at Syracuse .
Dungey is much more experienced and a more dangerous dual threat , and he , too , is healthy . Dungey ranks in the top 10 nationally in completions per game ( 27 ) and total offence ( 342.8 yards ) .
DOME HOME : The Carrier Dome once was a house of horrors for Pitt . The Panthers are 8-10-1 there but 6-2 in their last eight visits . Pitt also has won 11 of the past 12 games in the series .
——
AP Sports Writer Will Graves in Pittsburgh contributed to this report .
——
More college football coverage : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Washington Capitals , right , celebrate a goal by defenseman Brooks Orpik as Vegas Golden Knights right wing Alex Tuch skates away during the second period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . John Locher AP Photo
Video
Rare bats have set up home inside a dinosaur at a theme park in north Devon .
The lesser horseshoe bats have moved in to the belly of a triceratops at the Wildlife and Dinosaur Park in Combe Martin .
6 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
England half-back Kevin Brown is set to hand Warrington a timely boost by returning from injury in time to make their debut for the Wolves this Saturday against Brisbane in the World Club Series .
The former Widnes captain missed the Wolves ' pre-season friendlies and last Saturday 's opening Betfred Super League match against Catalans Dragons with a hamstring injury but is set to face Bennett 's Brisbane Broncos at the Halliwell Jones Stadium .
“ We are more than likely to give them a crack , ” said Warrington coach Tony Smith . “ We could do with them at the moment . We want to get them into the way of things and get our campaign going . ”
Warrington will be without centre Toby King , who pulled a hamstring in the 20-12 defeat by the Dragons in Perpignan , joining older brother George on the sidelines , along with long-term injury victims Chris Hill , second rower Ben Currie and full-back Stefan Ratchford .
Former Wigan prop Dom Crosby will need to pass a head test after being concussed against Catalans while long-serving forward Ben Westwood is available after recovering from a pectoral injury .
“ MOLLY and Tom make for a rare pair of murder defendants , ” outlined the voice-over in opening scenes of a televised interview with convicted murderers Molly Martens Corbett and their father Thomas .
The exclusive interview , which aired on Friday night , was recorded before Martens Corbett , 33 , and Martens , 67 , were convicted by a jury of the second degree murder of Mr Corbett , a 39 year-old father of two .
The pair were sentenced to 20 to 25 years in prison for the Limerickman 's murder .
Martens Corbett had never broken the law , while their father had made a career as an FBI agent for over 30 years , it outlined , before leading up to the horrific night of Corbett 's death on Sunday , August 2 , 2015 .
Neighbour Tony Turner described Mr Corbett as “ very cordial ” and “ someone who was loved by everyone . They were a gentle Irish giant . ”
They said they could see no signs of any trouble in the relationship between Mr Corbett and their now convicted second wife .
While they refused to testify during the lengthy trial , Martens Corbett again claimed that they were subjected to physical and emotional abuse at the hands of their husband , and predominantly stayed with them because of the two children from their first marriage , Jack and Sarah .
“ I never would have left the children , ” they told the interviewer , during the 11-minute segment .
At first , when they moved to North Carolina from Limerick they said it was “ like a wonderland ” until Mr Corbett became “ very controlling , possessive and paranoid . ”
Addressing the early hours of August 2 , 2015 , their father said : “ It 's horrible – a man died , but a man also attacked my daughter , and a man tried to protect their daughter . ”
“ On the wedding day I was excited for them . It was a delightful experience and a beautiful wedding , ” they said .
But , they claimed , that Mr Corbett “ would dictate what they should wear or what they should shop for , when they should be home , or text them repeatedly , or engage in various forms of controlling behaviour , demand to see their phone , look at their computer history – that sort of thing ... I was n't going to interfere in Molly 's marriage . That was Molly 's marriage . ”
No evidence was produced during the trial to support allegations of abuse , and Martens themselves told the trial they did not witness any physical violence between Mr Corbett and their daughter prior to an altercation which they claimed had occurred on the night they were murdered .
They had sought to adopt the children , but Mr Corbett refused . After their death in August 2015 they had sought and was refused custody of the two children . Guardianship was awarded to the children 's aunt , Tracey Lynch , and their husband , David .
The council voted unanimously to once again install the temporary `` traffic calming '' island for a two-week period during September after school starts .
Council member Todd Jensen had concerns about the project . They questioned whether the city was trying to address a problem that does n't exist . They said studies showed there were n't any speeding or accident problems in that area . They said that instead of spending money on maintaining a traffic island , the city could be fixing potholes .
Council member Virgil Batesole agreed with Jensen about whether the project is needed . `` What if everyone wants an island ? '' they added .
City Engineer Tim Schoonhoven said that the intersection is not an accident or speeding issue but more of a neighborhood perception that their children are at risk of getting hit — a perception that Schoonhoven said has lingered for decades .
Schoonhoven said another study while school is in session may provide more information about the impact the roundabout would have on buses and other school traffic , and what can be done .
The response to the temporary island and speed bumps that were installed earlier this summer was `` overwhelmingly positive , '' said Sara Stadtherr , communications coordinator for the city in a memo to the council . A Facebook video post was viewed 2,681 times and 58 people said they liked or loved it , they said . Only five people did n't like it .
The city also received more than a dozen phone calls about the idea .
Combined , 67 people liked the effort while nine opposed it , Stadtherr said .
During a July 31 meeting between about 20 people in the neighborhood and city officials , most residents thought the island was `` very effective '' in addressing the problem of inattentive driving , said Schoonhoven . The island , they said , was highly visible and could be seen from blocks away .
Also at the July 31 meeting , some were concerned about the size of the island and whether drivers were having a difficult time making the turns .
An idea to make the island permanent drew questions about snowplowing during the winter and there was a suggestion to remove the island or speed bumps on a seasonal basis .
This time around , the island will be modified slightly by making it smaller and more centered in the intersection , Schoonhoven said .
There is no cost with the project . All the temporary materials can be reused .
LONG BRANCH – It can be overwhelming to receive a breast cancer diagnosis . Learn more and be prepared for what will come at “ What to Expect When You Have Been Diagnosed with Breast Cancer , ” a free program offered by the Cancer Support Community at Monmouth Medical Center .
Erin Dooley , MSN , RN , CBEC , CN-BN and Gina Tanenbaum BSN , RN , CN-BN will lead the discussion and explain what patients will face when they are diagnosed and possible treatment options . “ What to Expect ” will help women better understand their diagnosis and answer any questions or concerns they might have .
“ What to Expect ” will take place on February 22 from 2 to 3 p.m. in Suite ST-007 of the Maysie-Stroock Pavilion at Monmouth Medical Center , located at 300 Second Ave .
Refreshments will be served .
Registration is required .
To register , call the Cancer Support Community at 732-923-6090 .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Scientists say they 've used human test-tube baby techniques to try to save the nearly extinct northern white rhino .
In an improbable experiment , they are trying to resurrect an entire species using dead males , two infertile remaining females , and some closely related southern white rhinos .
And they say they also plan to use stem-cell technology to try to create a population of pure northern white rhinos in the lab .
The European team of researchers created a few early-stage rhino embryos using a technique called intracytoplasmic sperm injection or ICSI . They used sperm from the last northern white rhino males before they died . Some of this sperm was injected into egg cells taken from females of the southern white rhino subspecies .
They ended up with a handful of embryos , some of which could potentially be implanted into surrogate rhino mothers .
While any resulting baby rhinos would be hybrids — half northern and half southern white rhino — the experiment is a first step to re-creating an extinct species in the lab , the researchers report in the journal Nature Communications .
Northern white rhinos were driven to extinction by poaching and war in the countries they once roamed — Chad , Sudan , Uganda , Congo and Central African Republic .
The last living male white northern white rhino , named Sudan , died last March . Two females remain in captivity , but they are infertile . No northern white rhinos remain in the wild .
Thomas Hildebrandt of the German Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin and colleagues in the Czech Republic and Italy , as well as in Japan , started an all-out effort to create new white rhinos in the lab .
“ We did n't have many options so we had to be realistic . ''
They 've succeeded in their first step – making hybrid embryos . “ These are the first in-vitro produced rhinoceros embryos ever . They have a very high chance to establish a pregnancy once implanted into a surrogate mother , ” Hildebrandt said in a statement .
It 's a tricky process . Rhinos are big and it 's not easy to make them cooperate . The females had to be anesthetized and a special tool used to collect their egg cells . “ We … were highly afraid that something unexpected would happen during this procedure , ” Hildebrandt told a telephone briefing .
And the frozen sperm was not the greatest . “ The amount of semen is limited , is of poor quality , and has been obtained from only three bulls , ” the team wrote in their report .
They hope to eventually implant their embryos into the more common southern white rhino females and then breed any resulting rhinos to try and concentrate their northern white rhino genes . For now , these early embryos , called blastocysts , have been frozen .
This will probably not be enough to save a whole subspecies , so the team is also using stem cell and cloning technology to try to make pure northern white rhinos . They pulled embryonic stem cells — the body 's master cells , from four of the blastocysts .
What they want to do is turn these embryonic stem cells into eggs and sperm using stem cell technology .
Chemical and genetic techniques can be used to get embryonic stem cells to turn into any cell type desired , including egg and sperm cells .
There 's a second way to make them , also . The team has tissue samples from northern white rhinos . They plan to use chemical and genetic techniques to transform these ordinary skin cells into more cells resembling embryonic stem cells . These lab-produced cells are called induced pluripotent stem cells or iPS cells .
In theory , these laboratory-made sperm and egg cells could be combined in a lab dish via in vitro fertilization ( IVF ) to make a pure northern white rhino embryo , which could be implanted into a southern white rhino surrogate mother .
The scientists hope they could make enough rhino babies this way to have a genetically diverse population that could , eventually , be re-introduced into their traditional range .
`` Our results suggest that these methods could play a valuable role in the effort to save rhinoceros populations on the brink of extinction , '' they wrote .
Do n't get your hopes up , caution Terri Roth and William Swanson of the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife ( CREW ) at the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden .
Image copyright Getty Images
Drag queen Courtney Act has been crowned winner of Celebrity Big Brother .
The RuPaul 's Drag Race star was the huge favourite going into the final and beat rival Ann Widdecombe into second place .
Courtney - real name Shane Janek - said it was `` slightly ironic '' they had won the `` Year of the Woman '' themed series .
During their time in the house , she 's been praised for the way she 's discussed gender and sexuality .
At the start of the live final , Courtney was up against Ann Widdecombe , Jess Impiazzi , Wayne Sleep and Shane Lynch .
'It 's ok to be different '
It came down to a vote between them and former Conservative MP Ann - with Courtney looking genuinely shocked at being named the winner .
`` I do n't know what this means , is this real life ? '' they asked host Emma Wills .
Image copyright Getty Images
They then revealed how much it meant , saying it was `` amazing that the pubic has voted for me . ''
`` My inspiration coming into the house was that teenage boy who did n't quite know where they belonged or how they fitted in and feeling inspired by the Spice Girls - and not knowing what that meant but knowing if it was ok for them to be different then it was ok for me to be different .
`` I guess it 's validation that it 's ok to be different . ''
Courtney has particularly been celebrated for their approach to fellow contestant India Willoughby , who is transgender , and admitted having a `` phobia about drag queens '' .
Speaking to fellow housemates , Courtney acknowledged why India might feel that way .
`` I think the thing they struggled with is that people might see me and see them and think that we are the same thing .
`` She 'd never identified as a drag queen . Drag is more performance-based , theirs is about gender identity . They were never a man but they had a male body . ''
During their winner 's interview , Courtney also spoke about their bromance with fellow housemate , Andrew Brady .
Asked how much of a crush they had on him , Courtney replied : `` As much as they want . ''
Praising Andrew for their attitude , they said : `` He 's just so comfortable with everybody and everything .
`` If more straight guys were more like him , the world would be a better place . ''
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here
Could a 30-year-old really be the next head coach of your team ? The answer , amazingly enough , is yes .
Redskins offensive coordinator Sean McVay may not be the belle of the ball during this year 's coaching hiring season ( that would be the onetime wunderkind who 's still a wunderkind but now an older , wiser , gentler wunderkind named Josh McDaniels ) , but he 's certainly at the dance , ready to waltz . With interviews already lined up in San Francisco and Los Angeles , it 's time to get to know the 30-year-old ( he 'll be 31 later this month ) who helped ( maybe ) make Kirk Cousins a $ 20 million man .
If you listened to 49ers owner and CEO Jed York 's press conference Monday , you may have notice that they noted the exemplary working relationship between legendary San Francisco coach Bill Walsh and John McVay . Sean McVay is the grandson of John McVay , the longtime 49ers general manger , and is a football lifer — even if that life is half the amount of years some of their coaching cohorts have under their belts .
A college wide receiver and kick returner at Miami of Ohio , they had chops as a player but immediately went into the coaching world post-graduation . They took the unorthodox route , too . McVay started off as a junior guy on Jon Gruden 's staff in Tampa Bay with the Buccaneers and then went with Jon 's little brother Jay to the Florida Tuskers of the short-lived United Football League as a wide receivers coach . From there , they moved to D.C. , where they were the assistant tight ends coach under Mike and Kyle Shanahan . Gruden got the head coaching gig in Washington and elevated McVay to run the tight ends group — a unit that included vocal veteran and team leader Chris Cooley — and they were quickly promoted to offensive coordinator , and ultimately the play-caller , for one of the league 's most dynamic offenses . That 's a lot of coaching , coaching influences , and experience in eight years . The resume is there .
But the dude is 30 .
THIRTY !
The age thing could be a roadblock this year between McVay a coveted head-coaching gig . Hell , they know that . But the veteran leaders of their team seem to respect and listen to him . They see them as a coach ; like they would someone in their 40s or 50s . Our crew on NFL Network 's “ Good Morning Football ” had Redskins tight end Vernon Davis — 35 years old and no stranger to coaches both young and old — on the show as a guest and they raved about their OC . Same with Washington wideout Pierre Garcon . Same with Bill Callahan , the former NFL head coach and now the man running the offensive line in Washington . The buzz around the league is that he 's Gruden Part II . Not Jay , but Jon . Young , hungry and a tireless football guy . 4 a.m. in the office game planning , watching tape , concocting plays at all hours of the night , all about ball — that whole deal .
But even Jon Gruden was n't 30 when the Raiders hired them as a head coach . McVay is four years younger than Gruden was when first handed the keys to a franchise .
At age 31 years and 8 months , Lane Kiffin was the youngest head coach ever hired by an NFL franchise . And that ended horribly in Oakland . The asupervisorstioned McDaniels was 32 when they were hired by the Broncos in 2009 , and that did n't end much better .
But Gruden was successful . Jon Madden was only 32 when Al Davis gave them a shot , and that worked out well , too . Mike Tomlin and Bill Cowher were just 34 when they got hired in Pittsburgh .
The influences of Walsh and Jon Gruden are real , but so are those of their grandfather , Callahan , John Wooden ( McVay often preaches the tenets of the Pyramid of Success ) and Vince Lombardi ( based on our many FOX production meetings , they are a football history junky ) .
Is 30 too young to be an NFL head coach ? Maybe . Then again , Dick LeBeau is running an NFL defense at age 79 . Perhaps in this profession , age really is just a number . Can you coach ? Do players respect you ? It seems that , not your years on this Earth , should matter most .
Two teams have already requested to meet with McVay for head coaching interviews this week . More could follow . I 've covered this league for a long time . With power agents and coaching trees and years of jumping through hoops , getting in the room — not teaching the sluggo seam route or devising a defensive scheme — is the hardest part of landing a head coaching gig .
Once McVay is there and on site in these buildings this week , it 'll be on them to convince those teams ' owners , general managers and presidents that they are , in fact , the guy to be their next head coach .
All 30 years of him .
Panthers Ron Rivera on the play of the cornerbacks
Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera was pleased with the play of cornerbacks Daryl Worley and James Bradberry on on Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 against the Minnesota Vikings . Both players had interceptions or Vikings quarterback Case Keenum .
Ian Watson was straight to the point in dissecting their side 's performance following their defeat to Wigan .
“ Dumb penalties , poor ball completion and then some bad reads defensively . That covers it in a nutshell , to be honest . ”
The Red Devils collapsed in the second-half as Shaun Wane 's side recorded five second-half tries to secure a 40-12 win .
It was a tough start to the season for the Red Devils , who lost Mark Flanagan to a gastric bug shortly before kick-off .
Although Watson claimed there were positives in the performance , there was also a lot for their side to work on .
“ I thought first-half we were great to be fair , other than the poor penalty that we gave away that we conceded from on the back of that . Other than that we were in the game and pretty comfortable . I thought our middles were doing a great job for us . I just think their left edge tore us apart to be fair .
“ We started fighting in the last ten minutes , but the game is kind of gone then . It 's making sure we show that resilience so when we do concede we 're resilient enough to defend it . The biggest thing that hurts there is the 40 points after the first-half we put up . Second-half we 've just crumbled really . ”
MANCHESTER , England ( AP ) — Manchester United 's in-house television channel received a shock when Usain Bolt called up to discuss Saturday 's 2-1 win over Middlesbrough in the English Premier League .
In the post-match phone-in , MUTV presenter Mandy Henry introduced the next caller as a “ Usain from Jamaica ” but then added : “ It 's not Usain Bolt is it ? ”
The nine-time Olympic champion replied : “ It is Usain Bolt . ”
“ They came through like the old Manchester United , ” Bolt continued . “ They came through and pushed on and persevered , the Manchester United way . It was a great match , I am very happy about this . ”
The Jamaican sprinter tweeted to confirm they were the caller and Henry replied : “ Sorry Usain – we did n't think it was you ! Enjoy your celebrations in Jamaica & call again after West Ham on Monday night ! ”
This article originally appeared on
Photo
The American quartet of Chrishuna Williams , Raevyn Rogers , Charlene Lipsey and Ajeé Wilson set a world indoor record in the 4x800-meter relay on Saturday at the 111th Millrose Games in Upper Manhattan .
Their time of 8 minutes , 5.89 seconds topped the mark of 8:06:50 set by the Russian team of Aleksandra Bulanova , Ekaterina Sharmina , Elena Kotulskaya and Anna Balakshina on Feb. 18 , 2011 .
Kendra Chambers , Lynsey Sharp , Ce'aira Brown and Cecilia Barowski of the United States finished second in 8:11.45 , and the Jamaican team of Fellan Ferguson , Simoya Campbell , Kimarra McDonald and Natoya Goule came in third at 8:17.75 .
Photo
Shaunae Miller-Uibo of the Bahamas , the defending Olympic champion in the 400 meters , ran 35.45 in the Millrose 300 meters to tie the world indoor record set by Russia 's Irina Privalova in 1993 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Lolo Jones finished seventh in the women 's 60-meter hurdles . They were clocked in 8.37 seconds , three weeks after they were passed over for a spot on the United States bobsled team for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics , which begin this week .
Jones represented the United States in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics ( 100-meter hurdles ) and in the 2014 Winter Olympics ( bobsled ) .
2 . Can I spend less to achieve the same level of satisfaction ?
Of course , a life without any discretionary spending is n't a palatable one for most of us . In fact , Odjick encourages everyone to spend money on things they like .
“ You might opt to keep some of the extras , which is totally fair , but getting clear on what counts as a necessity can help you really enjoy your discretionary purchases more . You do n't need a latte , but that does n't mean you ca n't enjoy one — and if you know it 's a treat , as opposed to what you buy without thinking about it because you need it , you 'll probably enjoy it more . ”
Being honest with yourself about what you do and do n't actually need makes you appreciate the non-necessities more — which makes them even more enjoyable . But here 's where you ask yourself the next question : If I know this is n't a need , is it still worth it to me , or just a default ?
For some of us , those afternoon lattes are the highlight of our day . It 's worth it to put money towards things that bring us genuine joy . But for others for whom that latte is merely a habit , and nothing more , it may be time to rethink that default spending . Getting used to buying things regularly that you do n't actually need , and especially that you do n't even want that much , will surely lead to overspending — and fast .
How can cutting back on “ necessities ” make room for more wants ?
Maybe you really love those daily lattes , but you 've realized that , on your salary , you really ca n't afford to keep having them if you want to reach your bigger financial goals . You of course ca n't starve yourself or go without transportation in order to save money , but as much as it hurts , fancy coffee can go .
But fortunately , there 's probably somewhere else in your budget where you can find that $ 4 a weekday you 'd like to spend on a latte . You just have to get creative with what you spend on necessities .
For example , we may know how important it is to cook at home in order to save on food costs — but we may not be optimizing our grocery budgets in order to do so . For example , Sarah , the who blogs at Smile & Conquer , sticks to a strict meal plan every week so as not to overspend on food . That way , they know what she 's spending beforehand , and make sure she 's making the most of their shopping list by using several recipes with overlapping ingredients .
If you start paying better attention to your spending in one area , like groceries , you can figure out how to get your daily latte without jeopardizing your finances . $ 20 a week saved at the supermarket means $ 20 more you can put towards your coffee habit .
MORE SAVINGS HACKS
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter .
From the section
Image copyright Thinkstock
A former youth football coach has been charged with sexually abusing a young boy .
Michael Coleman , 74 , of Glaister Lane , Bolton , faces three counts of indecent assault against a child under 14 .
The charges relate to reports made to police that two boys were abused between 1982 and 1984 in the Bolton area .
Mr Coleman has been bailed to appear at Bolton Magistrates ' Court on 12 September .
Abuse probe
Greater Manchester Police launched an investigation into historical abuse in youth football in December .
An independent investigation into historical child sex abuse in the sport is being led by barrister Clive Sheldon QC .
It was launched by the Football Association in December following a series of allegations from former players .
The inquiry will last several months , with a final report not expected to be published until 2018 .
Police have identified more than 250 potential suspects and 560 victims , with 311 clubs involved .
3 Years Ago Today
[ Updated ] Google Is Preparing To Launch Android One In Indonesia And Seems Mighty Sure It Will Come With Android 5.1 Lollipop
What counts as Spoilers ?
An episode of X show was on
0 ( 0.0 % )
An episode of X show was on and I liked/disliked it
1 ( 2.8 % )
An episode of X show was on and A , B , and C characters appeared in it
13 ( 36.1 % )
An episode of X show was on and it resolved a cliffhanger from a previous episode ( without saying HOW it resolved the cliffhanger )
4 ( 11.1 % )
An episode of X show was on and it resolved a cliffhanger from a previous episode in the following way
34 ( 94.4 % )
An episode of X show was on and it contained the following general types of plot device
12 ( 33.3 % )
An episode of X show was on and it had these specific plot points in it
32 ( 88.9 % )
An episode of X show was on and this is EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED IN IT
34 ( 94.4 % )
An episode of X show was on and it did n't involve enough ticky boxes and that makes me sad .
17 ( 47.2 % )
We first spotted the 'Chrome Home ' flag back in October , which moved Chrome 's address bar to the bottom of the screen . Since then , Google has continued to refine it , but it still remained hidden behind a flag . Starting with the latest build of Chrome Dev 61 , it appears to be turned on by default for most users .
If you 're not familiar with it , Chrome Home changes more than just the address bar 's position . Tapping on the new arrow button reveals the New Tab page as a popup , with a bottom tab bar to view Downloads , Bookmarks , and History .
This could mean that Google thinks Chrome Home is ready for prime-time , but there 's no telling what stable Chrome release will have it enabled by default . Chrome 61 stable seems likely , but Google could also choose to leave it in Beta/Dev/Canary for a while longer .
If you 're on the latest build of Chrome Dev/Canary 61 and it 's not enabled by default , you can manually turn on the # enable-chrome-home and # enable-chrome-home-expand-button flags to get it . You can also download the latest version of Chrome Dev from APKMirror .
Amanda Richer lives in a tent they bought and shares with their dog Rowan on the outer reaches of the `` Jungle '' in Seattle . They blog and has more than 20,000 fans on Facebook page .
they request specific location not to be given ) on Thursday Jan 25 , 2018 .
In the world of astronomy , 6.4 million miles is pretty close . And it raises the question : How likely is it that some big , scary asteroid out there is on a collision course with our planet ? The answer , astronomers say , is not very — at least during our lifetimes .
“ There are no objects that have been identified that are known to be on a collision course with Earth , ” Dr. Amy Mainzer , an astronomer at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California and a noted expert on asteroids , told NBC News MACH in an email .
They said astronomers had found “ most of the really big near-Earth asteroids ” — objects bigger than 1 kilometer in diameter . All were determined not to pose a collision threat .
But “ most ” is n't all . Mainzer 's colleague Dr. Paul Chodas , manager of the Center for Near Earth Object Studies at JPL , told MACH in an email that asteroid hunters think they 've found about 95 percent of the big ones .
But `` down at the 140-meter size , which is our next threshold of interest , we have yet to find even half of them , ” Chodas said . “ And the percentage of the [ asteroid ] population we 've found goes down exponentially as we go to smaller and smaller sizes , down to 100 meters , 80 meters , 50 meters , etc . ”
These smaller meteors can cause significant damage . The 20-meter-wide asteroid that slammed into Chelyabinsk , Russia in 2013 , for example , shattered windows and injured more than 1,000 people .
And bad as that was , it 's nothing compared to the damage that would be caused by the impact of an asteroid the size of 3200 Phaethon
If a space rock that big were to smash into Earth , the online Impact Earth asteroid damage calculator indicates that — depending upon factors including its speed and angle of impact — it could create a crater 65 kilometers ( 40 miles ) wide and 1 kilometer ( 0.6 mile ) deep .
Image copyright Local Deomcracy Service Image caption The Stanley Road medical centre is among the surgeries where Healthaction will stop treating patients
Thousands of patients could face being left without GPs amid the planned closure of four practices in Liverpool .
Care provider Healthaction has struggled to recruit doctors and admitted it can no longer offer care to 11,000 patients from September .
Services at Rice Lane , Walton , Mere Lane , Everton , Stanley Road and Childwall Road , Childwall are affected .
Liverpool Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) said it would work to transfer patients to alternative surgeries .
However , the CCG admitted it would be `` working to a challenging time-scale '' .
A report on the situation will be presented to Liverpool City Council by the CCG on Tuesday .
'Smooth as possible '
Paul Brant , the council 's cabinet member for health and social care , said they were working closely with the CCG and local practices .
They said : `` I will be keeping my eye out on the matter and I will be working to make sure no one is left without a GP , especially those people who have long term health conditions and prescriptions .
`` I have had confirmation there will be lots of advice issued to affected patients and that the process will be as smooth as possible for them . ''
The Patients Association declined to comment on the closures .
Four other GP practices in the four buildings where the Healthaction practices are located are unaffected .
Lane hoggers , tail-gaters and frequent lane-changers are among the most annoying bugbears for motorists , according to new research .
Nine in ten drivers get annoyed by others , with tailgating being the most popular annoyance winding up over three quarters of Brits .
The detailed report - which lists 50 driving habits most unpopular with the UK 's easily-annoyed motorists - also listed road users cutting in at the last minute , those who pull out of a junction too slowly and failing to stop for a red light also infuriate drivers .
Unsurprisingly , nearly two thirds of those polled admitted their own driving can be affected by irritants on the road , and at times they do n't drive as safely as they should themselves when trying to avoid other annoying drivers .
David Carter from Accident Advice Helpline , who commissioned the study , said : “ It 's understandable for motorists to get frustrated but we are all guilty of causing danger to other road users when driving .
“ It 's important to not let your emotions get the better of you when other motorists are driving dangerously , as this wo n't always end well . ”
Drivers who ‘ rev ' at traffic lights , those who are slow to pull out and taking too long to park are among the top 50 bugbears .
‘ Rubberneckers ' who slow down traffic to inspect accidents annoy three in ten Brits , while four in ten get irritated by those who skip red lights and those who do n't stop at zebra crossings .
Middle lane hogs
And 54 per cent of drivers feels annoyed by others who insist on hogging the middle lane .
But it 's not just other motorists causing problems , with roadworks , speed traps and cyclists using the road instead of the purpose-built cycle lanes infuriating drivers .
For some it 's what 's going on inside the car , with passengers and their terrible music taste getting hold of the radio annoying motorists .
Of the average eight hours a week spent driving , nearly a fifth of this time is spent getting annoyed by fellow road users .
And 57 per cent said they get distracted by the poor decisions made by others .
Three in ten find they wo n't drive as safely because of the behaviour of other motorists , which is resulting in six in ten having a ‘ near ' miss or accident because of another driver .
And eight per cent admit the same applies as a result of their own poor driving decisions .
David Carter added : “ We deal with the aftermath of accidents and know first-hand the devastating effects that car accidents can have on people 's lives . If drivers are getting irritated on the road there 's a chance that this can cause an accident which can alter people 's lives . ”
Top 50 driving irritations
1 . Tailgating
2 . Drivers who do n't signal
3 . People texting and driving
4 . Drivers who leave their full beam on
5 . Parking over two spaces
6 . Lane hoggers
7 . Slow drivers
8 . Drivers who do n't say thank you
9 . Drivers who use the empty lane to get to the front of a queue of traffic and cut in last minute
10 . People who go through red lights
11 . Cyclists who go through red lights
12 . Fast drivers
13 . Parking on an angle so you ca n't possible park next to them
14 . Traffic jams
15 . Drivers who do n't stop at zebra crossings
16 . Road works
17 . People who fly past you when one lane is shut and try and squeeze in half a mile ahead of you when you 've been patiently waiting in the queue
18 . When lorries overtake other lorries and cause a massive tailback
19 . Cyclists who ride on the road when there are purpose built cycle lanes right nearby
20 . Drivers who undertake
21 . People who sit in the far right lane when they are n't overtaking
22 . Breaking suddenly
23 . Lane-changers
24 . Sunday drivers
25 . Rubber neckers/slowing down traffic to look at an accident
26 . Drivers who do n't wear seatbelts
27 . Hidden speed cameras
28 . Getting trapped behind a bus/tractor
29 . Drivers of white vans who think they 're Lewis Hamilton and do 100mph in the fast lane
30 . Drivers who never let anyone out
31 . People who change their speed really erratically
32 . When you catch all the red lights
33 . Drivers who refuse to overtake something slow like a cyclist or horse
34 . Hesitant drivers who wo n't pull out of a turning even though you have flashed your lights eight times and waved them out three times
35 . Speed traps
36 . Drivers with loud music and the windows down
37 . People who have their fog lights on - in the summer
38 . Drivers who leave their indicators on
39 . Average speed cameras
40 . 50mph signs on the motorway
41 . Dithering at junctions
42 . Drivers who beep
43 . Drivers who stop to let cars through despite there being plenty of room
44 . People who pull away really slowly
45 . Drivers who ‘ rev ' at traffic lights
46 . Drivers who keep stopping to let people out
47 . People who drive at 60mph in the middle lane and get the hump when you undertake them at 70mph in the slow lane
48 . People who turn into roads really slowly
49 . Drivers who take too long to park
50 . When you change lane in traffic because the other lane is going quicker - and the lane you change into stops dead
A new BBC show hosted by Michael McIntyre is looking for new talent - but the nominees ca n't find out…
McIntyre is asking the public to nominate an ‘ Unexpected Star ' - someone who may be an amazing singer , dancer , or musician - all talents are welcome , say Hungry McBear , the show 's producers .
The ‘ catch ' is that the nominee should be unaware that their name has been put forward .
If you want to give someone - aged 18 or over - the opportunity to have their moment in the spotlight , you can email the producers for an application form at UnexpectedStar @ hungrybear.tv , or download one here .
It would help your nominee 's chances if you have footage of them performing , so do include footage or links to footage where possible .
You can also write to Michael McIntyre 's Big Show , Hungry McBear Ltd , 65 Aspenlea Road , London W6 8LH . Closing date is Wednesday , January 31 .
The case of Brian Matthews is in the hands of the judge .
According to Crown attorney Cheryl Gzik , any way you look at it , Matthews is guilty of manslaughter in the death of their 13-month-old grandson Kody Smart .
But Matthews ' defense team of lawyers Peter Barr and Kim Vanderlee told the judge , that based on the evidence , they must dismiss the charge that Matthews , 39 , is criminally responsible for the child 's death .
Both sides gave their closing statements Monday in the trial held before Judge Joseph Nadel at the St. Catharines courthouse . Earlier in the day , the defense closed without calling evidence after Vanderlee filed `` nonsuit motion '' which asked the judge to acquit Matthews right then and there . Vanderlee told the judge that based on the evidence presented they believed the Crown has not -- and can not -- prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt . Nadel dismissed the motion .
Nadel said they would render their verdict on Jan. 11 . They are hearing the case without a jury . Matthews is free on bail as they await the decision .
Both sides agreed Smart died of a head injury and massive brain trauma .
The Crown 's theory is that Matthews , frustrated and tired after returning home from a hard week on the road as a long-haul trucker , was left alone with Kody and caused their death by shaking him .
Matthews and their wife were taking care of Kody after they had been placed there by Family and Children 's Services Niagara three months earlier . Jaclyn Matthews was their primary caregiver . They looked only after Kody occasionally on weekends when Jaclyn was out of the home working as a nurse .
Gzik seized on numerous inconsistencies in statements Matthews gave to a 911 operator , paramedics , and three police officers the day Kody was injured .
“ It is a contrived story , ” Gzik said . “ That 's why they ca n't keep it straight . ”
Gzik went on to add that even if Nadel accepts the defense theory that the family dog knocked over Kody and caused their injuries , Matthews is still criminally responsible for Kody 's death .
They left a frail child , penned by furniture in the living room , with a well-muscled 36-kilogram Labrador-mastiff cross . Gzik said that showed a “ reckless disregard '' for the baby 's safety .
During their closing statement , Barr told the judge that the inconsistencies in Matthews ' story are understandable . Matthews has never wavered in placing the blame on the family dog , Duke .
“ I ca n't overstate the emotional distress the situation would have caused anybody , ” Barr said . “ It would be a harsh judgment to hold Brian Matthews to account for all the details in the statements they made that day given the circumstances . ”
Barr said one of the Crown 's medical experts , Dr. Nura Hawisa , demonstrated no knowledge or understanding of the size or strength of a 36-kg dog .
They told the court unequivocally that the dog could not have caused Kody 's injuries . Andother medical expert , Dr. John Fernandes , a forensic pathologist , conceded a dog of that size could have caused the injuries .
Matthews was arrested and charged by Niagara Regional Police in November 2015 following a lengthy investigation into Kody 's death .
Emergency crews were called to Matthews ' home on Thorold Townline Road on July 25 , 2015 , in response to a 911 call for a child in medical distress .
Paramedics took Kody to St. Catharines hospital before an air ambulance transferred them to McMaster Children 's Hospital . They never regained consciousness . Doctors removed Kody from life-support the next day .
Kody 's family , led by step-grandfather Chris York , has filed a $ 750,000 lawsuit against Family and Children 's Services Niagara for giving custody of the child to Matthews .
The lawsuit says Matthews was convicted of abusing their son ( and Kody 's father ) Brett when Brett was six months old in 1995
bawchuk @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/Bill_Standard
Video
Long queues outside nightclubs could be a thing of the past , after a group of students developed an app to track queue lengths .
University of Exeter students developed QTRKR to monitor how long queues at each club in the city are as well as wait times and ticket availability .
It also helps nightclub owners to control crowds outside .
Imagine a cave filled with snakes and bats . Then imagine the snakes hanging from the ceiling of the cave to catch the bats as they try to fly out . Then , just in case that 's not enough , imagine the snakes are helping each other .
Vladimir Dinets of the University of Tennessee says they saw boas in a Cuban cave coordinating as they hunted bats .
Cuban boa snakes hunt fruit bats by teaming up to hang from a cave entrance and snag the bats Courtesy Vladimir Dinets
While wolves , lions , dolphins and several other species of animals coordinate and hunt in sophisticated ways , such behavior has never been seen in snakes , Dinets , a zoologist , said .
“ The present study suggests that boas take the positions of other individuals into account when choosing the hunting location , ” they wrote in their report , published in Animal Behavior and Cognition .
“ This is the first scientifically documented case of coordinated hunting by snakes . ”
Dinets said they noticed the boa behavior when they were visiting the cave in Cuba . They came back several times to watch was going on .
“ Some of the boas entered the passage that connected the roosting chamber with the entrance chamber , and hunted by suspending themselves from the ceiling and grabbing passing bats . ”
“ There is this cave where the bats fly in and out and the boas form kind of a fence across the cave to catch them , ” Dinets told NBC News .
The snakes obviously knew when the bats were coming and going and got into position ahead of time , Dinets said .
“ They position themselves in a way that allows them to form a barrier across a cave passage , ” they wrote .
“ After sunset and before dawn , some of the boas entered the passage that connected the roosting chamber with the entrance chamber , and hunted by suspending themselves from the ceiling and grabbing passing bats . ”
A photo of a bat provided by Vladimir Dinets of the University of Tennessee . Courtesy Vladimir Dinets
Sometimes there would just be one snake , and Dinets never saw a snake catch a bat when it was alone . The more snakes , the more successful they were at catching the bats .
“ Visual observations suggested that most bats were able to avoid flying near boas when there were one or two boas present , but with three boas present the bats had to fly either within striking distance from one of them ( often colliding with the boas ) , or very low above the passage floor , ” they wrote .
The boas , which are harmless to people , appeared to very deliberately space themselves out , Dinets said .
“ I guess they can see each other , ” they said . “ They hunt by vision . ”
Sara Ruane , who specializes in snake biology at Rutgers University , says it 's plausible but they doubt the snakes are pack hunting like wolves would .
“ It appears that these boas are positioning themselves to optimally forage on the bats and in doing this , they are taking into account where other boas have already positioned themselves and are then positioning themselves with respect to that in a way that likely maximizes their own chance of catching bat , ” said Ruane , who was not involved in the study .
“ There are sea snakes which have been shown to hunt in packs . ”
“ It 's not as though they are sharing a bat , or helping each other directly catch a bat by repositioning themselves , or doing anything altruistic with respect to each other , ” they added .
Ruane says it will be an interesting topic for more research .
Dinets says they want to see more , too .
“ I was n't surprised because there is a lot of stuff that people do n't know about , ” they said .
“ There are sea snakes which are shown to hunt in packs , ” they said .
He 'd also like to go watch snakes in the Galapagos , which have been filmed hunting in large groups . They may be coordinating , but that has n't been shown , Dinets said .
Eagles and Patriots fans are hard at work preparing for the big game on Feb. 4 , so much so that even their pets are getting into the spirit !
This will be Sonny Bill 's first game since the 2015 World Cup .
The All Blacks team to play Samoa in the American Express Pasifika Challenge on Friday night at Eden Park has been named with new All Blacks Jordie Barrett and Vaea Fifita set to make their Test debuts from the bench and Ben Smith named as run-on captain for the first time .
Smith , the All Blacks Vice-Captain , will lead the team in their 61st Test and will be the 68th player to captain the national side in a Test .
It will be a milestone match for Beauden Barrett , with the first five-eighth to run out in their 50th Test . Midfielder Sonny Bill Williams will also make a return . It 'll be their first game back since the 2015 Rugby World Cup Final at Twickenham .
All Blacks Head Coach Steve Hansen says , `` We 'd like to congratulate everyone who has been selected for this Test , particularly 'Benda ' ( Ben Smith ) , who will captain the side for the first time . He 's been our Vice-Captain for a few years now and captain of the Highlanders , where he 's been doing a fantastic job , so was the logical choice . They lead by example and is an inspiration to their teammates .
It 's also going to be a big night for Jordie and Vaea as they 're both likely to play a part on the night . They 've both been in great form and we 're looking forward to seeing what they can do at this level .
Whilst we asked for this game to help us prepare for the DHL New Zealand Lions Series , once it became a reality , it then took on its own importance - this is a Test match against a quality and very capable opponent . Samoa is about to kick off the qualifying stage of their Rugby World Cup campaign , so this will make them even more dangerous . The Samoans are always a challenge and will play with a high level of physicality and skill . At the very minimum , we will need to match that . ''
`` It 's going to be a unique night with two Tests being played at the same venue featuring four teams that are well known to New Zealand fans . It 's a night that should n't be missed , as I 'm picking there will be a lot of great rugby played so get on down there and show your support , '' Hansen adds .
The match day 23 is ( with Test caps in brackets . * denotes new cap ) :
1 . Joe Moody ( 24 )
2 . Codie Taylor ( 15 )
3 . Owen Franks ( 90 )
4 . Brodie Retallick ( 60 )
5 . Samuel Whitelock ( 84 )
6 . Jerome Kaino ( 77 )
7 . Sam Cane ( 40 )
8 . Ardie Savea ( 12 )
9 . Aaron Smith ( 58 )
10 . Beauden Barrett ( 49 )
11 . Julian Savea ( 52 )
12 . Sonny Bill Williams ( 33 )
13 . Anton Lienert-Brown ( 9 )
14 . Israel Dagg ( 61 )
15 . Ben Smith - captain ( 60 )
16 . Nathan Harris ( 4 )
17 . Wyatt Crockett ( 58 )
18 . Charlie Faumuina ( 46 )
19 . Scott Barrett ( 4 )
20 . Vaea Fifita *
21 . T J Perenara ( 29 )
22 . Lima Sopoaga ( 6 )
23 . Jordie Barrett *
India 's top court has ruled that election candidates can not use religion or caste to seek votes , describing them as corrupt practices under electoral laws .
India has a Hindu-nationalist government , and most political parties select candidates in various districts based on caste and religious considerations .
The ruling on Monday is considered significant as it comes months before elections in Uttar Pradesh state where dominant campaign issues are caste affiliations and the building of a Hindu temple in place of a 16th century mosque demolished by Hindu hardliners .
Legislature elections are also due in Punjab , Uttarakhand , Goa and Manipur states .
Hindus constitute nearly 80 percent of India 's 1.25 billion people , while Muslims comprise 14.2 percent and the remaining 6 percent adhere to other religions , such as Christianity , Sikhism , Buddhism and Jainism .
Africa picked up six medals , including three golds , on the last day of the World Athletics Championships in London .
South Africa 's Caster Semenya stormed home in the 800m , recording the fastest time this year , one minute 55 seconds . Burundi 's Francine Niyonsaba came second .
AFP
Kenya picked up two golds .
Helen Obiri won the 5000m , beating Ethiopia 's Almaz Ayana into second place :
Reuters
And Elijah Manangoi won the 1500m and their compatriot Timothy Cheruiyot came second , meaning that Kenya ended the night with three more medals .
Getty
Overall , the USA topped the medals table , Kenya came second and South Africa came third :
Image copyright Europol Image caption Thousands of illegally excavated artefacts were recovered in the police raids
A huge sting operation targeting a criminal gang and carried out by police in Italy , Spain , Germany and the UK has recovered 25,000 archaeological items worth €40m ( $ 47m ; £35m ) , Europol says .
The European Law Enforcement Agency said that 43 suspects believed to be behind the trafficking of stolen goods had been detained on Wednesday .
It comes after a four-year investigation into the criminal group .
The artefacts were said to have been excavated from sites in Italy .
Thousands of historical items were reportedly removed from archaeological sites and exported from the country illegally before being sold at auction houses in Germany , Europol said .
The criminal gang , which was said to be aided by `` facilitators '' in Barcelona and London , was described by the European police force as `` very well organised '' .
The raids on dozens of properties , which occurred in the early hours of Wednesday and involved more than 250 officers , were the result of an investigation led by a special unit of the Italian Carabinieri - Italy 's military police - and supported by police investigators in Spain , Germany and the UK .
Image copyright London Metropolitan Police Service Image caption A bust believed to depict the Roman Emperor Augustus was recovered in London
A spokesperson for the UK 's Metropolitan Police said that after acting on a European Arrest Warrant , officers had detained a 64-year-old man in the Greater London area and recovered three relics believed to be of Roman origin .
Prior to the raids on Wednesday , some 3,000 authentic cultural items and a further 1,200 fake items were seized by the Italian Carabinieri , Europol added .
Tools used by the criminal gang to retrieve the items , including metal detectors , have been confiscated by the police .
The case is considered to be one of the largest of its kind involving the illegal removal of artefacts from archaeological sites in Italy .
In February , more than 41,000 valuable objects ranging from paintings and sculptures to musical instruments , furniture and even ancient weapons , were seized in a major crackdown involving customs and police officers from 81 countries .
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Nicholas Rogers is on trial accused of murdering Alexandra Stuart
Jurors have been urged to convict a man of murdering a mail carrier in the Scottish Borders last year .
Prosecutor Keith Stewart QC said Nicholas Rogers , 27 , had been drinking and `` behaved as they wanted with no heed for the consequences '' .
They have denied murdering Alexandra Stuart in Peebles but admits killing her , claiming they were suffering from an `` abnormality of the mind '' at the time .
The trial at the High Court in Glasgow continues .
Mr Stewart suggested that Mr Rogers had `` openly relished '' their `` position of power '' while armed with a blade .
They were said to have `` turned down pleas for mercy '' before `` plunging '' the weapon into Ms Stuart 's chest as they sat crying on a couch .
The advocate depute said before Mr Rogers struck the young woman they had had `` chances to step back from the terrible abyss '' .
'No winner '
Mr Rogers claims they were acting with `` diminished responsibility '' that morning .
Their QC , Brian McConnachie , said the `` question of mental health '' was `` an incredibly difficult one '' for those `` lucky enough not to suffer from it '' .
They went on : `` There is no winner here irrespective of the verdict .
`` A young woman lost their lives at the hands of the man in the dock .
`` If it 's murder or culpable homicide due to diminished responsibility , either way , Alex Stuart can not be brought back .
`` Nicholas Rogers has to live with the fact they took a life . ''
However , the advocate concluded by suggesting `` the balance clearly tipped in favour '' of the reduced charge .
It was n't too long ago the words fentanyl and carfentanil were foreign to most of us . If we heard the words ‘ opioids ' amd ‘ drug user ' in the same sentence chances are we were not picturing someone living next door or sleeping in the bedroom beside us . We more likely pictured a strung- out person living on the streets in a downtown metropolis surrounded by used needles . That has changed .
74 confirmed opioid overdose deaths in Simcoe | Muskoka in 2017 .
Here in Ontario we saw the opioid crisis spread like a plague across most of B.C . after it took a hold of Vancouver 's most vulnerable population , who resided on the downtown Eastside . The fentanyl fueled problem then spread to smaller outlying communities and then we heard about young parents – just having a good time on the weekend with something like a line of cocaine – overdosing .
“ We can not let this become our new normal . ”
Like most trends that start out West , this one slowly crept East…and here we are . After over a year 's worth of work , Dr. Rebecca Van lersel , co-chair of the Simcoe Muskoka Opioid Strategy Steering Committee , says it 's time for action . Dr. Lisa Simon , co-chair of SMOS , says the impact of opioids in our region has been devastating . Dr. Simon says “ deaths are only the tip of the iceberg , with huge effects on individuals , families , communities , and service providers . ”
“ None of us are safe until we get on top of this . ”
Evelyn Pollock lost their son on Sept 15th 2017 after using drugs with fentanyl . At the time Daniel , who was over 40 years of age , did n't know they were using fentanyl .
They ask , “ where is the outrage from our community ? ” Pollock noted the response to the SARS outbreak and asks why we are not acting with the same urgency ? My son had a lot of help and counseling and support but they fell victim to this terrible thing .
No slowdown for hospital staff
The problem is n't getting any better . It was last summer ( 2017 ) that overdose opioid emergency visits peaked . Already , from March to May of this year , there have been 83 overdose visits reported at hospitals in Simcoe Muskoka and 68 overdoses among Simcoe Muskoka patients visiting any hospital in Ontario – approximately half of what officials saw during that huge spike last summer . Who are most prone to end up in the E.R ? The data shows emergency visits for opioid poisonings highest among young adults , 15 years and older , and higher for males .
A Bad Batch hit the streets in June
June was a horrible month for those dealing with the drug problem . In the span of a few days , June 17 – June 26 , hospitals in Simcoe and Muskoka saw 44 suspected drug overdoses – or about twice the recent daily average in the region .
“ Most overdoses patients were young women ”
Most involved women between the ages of 15 and 44 . The majority of cases involved visits to Royal Victoria Regional Health Centre and Orillia Soldiers ' Memorial Hospital , which saw 21 and 10 cases respectively . However , there have been overdose visits to other hospitals in Simcoe and Muskoka as well .
The Plan : 7 key pillars for action
Prevention treatment/clinical practice harm reduction enforcement emergency management data and evaluation lived experiences
Find out more about the action plan and how to fight the war on drugs here
Okowa Assures NYSC Of Government Support To Address Challenges – Independent Newspapers Limited
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Then after the game , my blood pressure lowers and I watch recaps and become wildly concerned for the health of players 30 years from now .
In Philly , it 's easy to ignore what science seems to suggest for a few passion-filled hours . I 'll cover up my true feelings by saying things like , “ That 's why they make millions. ” We mask minor guilt with major passion . Before the N.F.C . championship game against the Vikings , city workers greased street poles with Crisco so that fans would n't climb them in celebration or disappointment . This weekend , the city may have to grease the Art Museum Steps .
I was raised in a sports household in a sports town . Nothing gave my father more joy then when the Dallas Cowboys , our rivals , were losing . They did n't say the words “ I love you ” often . So to end a phone conversation , instead of saying “ I love you , ” I 'd say , “ Hey , Dad , the Cowboys are losing. ” And he 'd reply , “ I know , son … the Cowboys are losing , too . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Two weeks ago , the Patriots ' Rob Gronkowski took a brutal helmet-to-helmet blow and got knocked out . It was pure , unadulterated violence . If I had seen this hit 25 years ago , my living room would 've erupted with animalistic joy .
But today , my family cheers , then winces when we see the replay . We try to ignore the shame boiling up inside , knowing what affect it could have on the player 's future . We say things like , “ That 's a shame. ” And keep watching .
To prohibit defenders from behaving like assassins , referees penalize players on the field and fine them off it , but the game wo n't really change . And part of me does n't want it to change . The chance of violence is why we tune in .
In Philadelphia , we enjoy the carnage as long as it 's not on our team . If there were a chance the players ' heads would literally pop off like Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots ' , we 'd still watch . Maybe even more . We 're like spectators in the Colosseum watching gladiators in A.D. 200 , saying , “ If it 's not to the death , it wo n't be the same sport ! ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I was trained since Pee Wee football to strike with precision and power . The Drexel Hill Raiders was an athletic boot camp for kids who were currently reading “ Where the Wild Things Are. ” We sat on our hands , keeping our legs straight and heels six inches off the ground until a fire burned away our bellies . Everyone ran laps when one kid fumbled . If you were overweight , they wrapped you in trash bags and made you run .
We had a drill where two of us would lay on our backs , helmet to helmet . Then a “ coach , ” who for 22 other hours a day was a carpenter , would blow a whistle . We 'd scurry to our feet in fear and race to smash each other first . We 'd run full speed and slam foreheads into each other until things tasted different for a few hours .
Playing football , I got the wind knocked out of me about once a week for a decade . I 'd lie on my back and struggle to suck in air while looking at the clouds , thinking , “ As soon as this is over , I 'll finish my fruit roll-up. ” Coach Millison would run on the field and kneel over me with a lit cigarette , snowing ashes all over my face . He 'd pull my waist a foot off the ground to allow air back into my lungs and I 'd slowly come back to life while my friends stood over me like little football angels .
The game is changing and I feel bad for kids who will never know what it feels like to make a big hit or score a game-winning touchdown . Once when I was 10 , both happened . I ran down the sideline and just as I approached the goal line , I was hit so hard I blacked out . I awoke on the sideline to see Coach and asked , “ Did I get in ? ” They smiled and said : “ Yeah , kiddo . You scored. ” The pain disappeared as the team lifted me to the sky .
On Super Bowl Sunday , if you want to discuss C.T.E. , I 'll be screaming at the television in a bar , with strangers dressed in green . Regardless of the score , I just want the sport of football to know … the Cowboys are losing .
There 's a scene in `` The Blood is at the Doorstep '' where Maria Hamilton , whose son Dontre Hamilton was killed by a Milwaukee police officer , stands in a church pulpit and gives a passionate declaration about their son .
`` God gave me a child that was uniquely made and he 's gone to rest now with the same God that created him . It 's an illness . It 's nothing to be afraid of , it 's nothing to run from , it 's nothing that anybody should die for , '' Maria states .
Them words are straightforward and the message clear but the relationship between law enforcement and African-Americans with mental illness is a complex issue compounded by racist policing tactics already affecting urban communities .
The film 's world premiere at SXSW this year put the story of an avoidable police shooting on a national platform during a time when social activism is growing across this country .
On April 30 , 2014 , Dontre Hamilton , a diagnosed schizophrenic , was sleeping in a public park when Officer Christopher Manney approached them and tried to pat them down . A struggle ensued . Hamilton allegedly grabbed Manney 's baton and attacked them with it . Manney discharged their gun , shooting Hamilton 14 times and killing him .
From the scene of the shooting at Red Arrow Park to the office of District Attorney John Chisholm , the film follows the aftermath of the shooting for three years as Hamilton 's family continues a fight for justice in a city struggling with policing minority communities and protesting insufficient transparency from the Milwaukee police department .
Related : Relatives of the Men Who Endured The Syphilis Study Speak Out
In recent years , protest movements like Black Lives Matter have faced criticism from police organizations for creating violence and unrest but the Hamilton 's peaceful demonstrations get high-profile attention and are put at odds with other activism groups . The camera follows their protests for Officer Manney to face trial for the shooting .
Police Chief Ed Flynn fired Officer Manney shortly after the shooting , with subsequent grumbling from the police union , but the District Attorney 's office declined to charge Manney , saying they `` was justified in firing at Dontre Hamilton '' because Hamilton had taken Manney 's police baton . A year later federal prosecutors decided not to pursue criminal civil rights charges against Manney .
This undated family photo provided by Dameion Perkins shows Dontre Hamilton . In April 2014 , a Milwaukee Officer Christopher Manney shot Hamilton , whose family members said was schizophrenic , to death in a downtown park . AP
The family of a police-shooting victim is facing a judicial system justifying the death of their loved one . Hamilton 's mental illness plays a major role in the story and is a common factor in a number of police interactions .
A 2015 report estimates that people with mental illness are 16 times more likely than others to be killed by police and about one in four fatal police encounters involve someone with mental illness .
Related : The 'Role Model Effect ' Can Impact High School Dropout Rates
The city of Milwaukee now requires 40 hours of mandatory crisis intervention training for all officers on the police force as a result of the shooting . The reform efforts police departments take to better engage with the communities they protect should lead to less fatal shootings and more transparency when those shooting do occur .
Police chief Ed Flynn fired Officer Manney from the Milwaukee police department not because their use of deadly force was excessive but because they did n't follow the protocol for dealing with emotionally disturbed individuals . A year later Manney appealed the decision and a police review committee upheld Flynn 's dismissal to the family 's satisfaction .
Nate Hamilton and their mother , Maria Hamilton , attend a news conference in Milwaukee , Wis. on Tuesday , Nov. 10 , 2015 . Greg Moore / AP Photo/Greg Moore
The film , directed and produced by Erik Ljung , intertwines the perspective of police officials with a sworn duty to protect the community with the journey of a family in an uphill battle to stop police brutality . The Hamiltons were living `` a pretty comfortable life '' and are thrust into a social movement fighting for the civil rights all citizens should have when encountering law enforcement .
While the city of Milwaukee tried to shield Officer Manney from public inquiry and media frenzy— the district attorney refusing to release their name until a decision was made on criminal charges , the family knew their name and made sure they knew them .
In a powerful scene Maria and Nate , with other protesters , gather outside the house of Manney and stage a `` die in '' while singing `` Silent Night '' . Dontre 's life was cut short and while the shooting itself was deemed justified , someone has to be held accountable for pulling the trigger .
Nate 's voice rings clear , `` The blood is at the doorstep . ''
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram
CALGARY — Alex Gough 's fist shot into the air after they crossed the finish line of Calgary 's sliding track .
Canada 's most decorated luger earned their first World Cup medal in women 's singles this season with a silver Saturday at Canada Olympic Park .
The 30-year-old Calgarian was second to reigning world champion Tatjana Huefner of Germany . Olympic champion Natalie Geisenberger of Germany was third .
“ I 've been close a couple of times this year already , ” Gough said . “ I knew I had the potential to be right up there with Natalie and Tatjana .
“ It feels great to do it here and especially at home . You can see in the stands my family just took over . ”
Gough now owns a career 26 World Cup medals in women 's singles . They raced the lead-off leg for the Canadian relay team that also earned silver Saturday .
Along with Sam Edney 's silver in men 's singles Friday , a three-medal performance on their home track gave Canada 's lugers a shot of confidence after a sluggish start to their season .
Calgary 's Mitch Malyk and Victoria 's Kim McRae were fourth in men 's and women 's singles respectively .
The Calgary doubles team of Tristan Walker and Justin Snith raced the anchor leg of the relay after placing sixth the previous day .
The Canadians had returned to Calgary with a lone relay silver from the first three World Cups in Europe . Gough had twice finished fourth in women 's singles .
With February 's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang , South Korea , coming over the horizon , the lugers looked for a jump start at home and got it .
“ It was vital for us . I think if it had gone the other way , it would have really just damaged us , ” Edney said .
“ We expected to do well and to deliver just feels like we can walk away with our heads high knowing we 're in a good spot . ”
The Canadians competed in a relay on their home track for the first time . The relay , which made its Olympic debut in 2014 , is n't on the program at every World Cup .
The relay is one run of women 's singles , men 's singles and doubles in that order with the combined times determining the winner .
The wrinkle is the lugers have to hit a pad at the bottom of the track to both stop their clock and open the gates for their teammates at the top of the track .
Missing the pad means disqualification , which is what happened to South Korea on Saturday .
“ Historically , we always have done well in the team relays over the past eight years , ” Canadian head coach Wolfgang Staudinger said .
“ If they put three consistent runs down then they are definitely in the mix . With consistency , we will pedal . ”
Germany swept all four events in Calgary with Huefner , Felix Loch and the doubles team of Toni Eggert and Sascha Benecken winning the relay as well as their individual races .
Germany has a long and deep history of success in luge , as well as superior familiarity with many of the world 's sliding tracks .
Of the approximately 16 tracks in regular rotation for World Cup and world championships , four are in Germany and three others are easily accessible over the borders in Austria and Switzerland .
But the Olympic track in Pyeongchang is only a year old .
It is as unfamiliar to the Europeans as it is to the North Americans , so Olympic medals will come down to starts and driving .
Edney , who will compete in their fourth Olympic Games , won bronze in a test event in Pyeongchang last season .
“ The track can be quite tricky , ” Gough said . “ It will be interesting to see what it 's like when we get there and who adapts . ”
The Canadian team heads to the next World Cup stop Friday and Saturday in Lake Placid , N.Y .
Now , Aadhaar must for post office deposits
DH News Service , New Delhi , Oct 7 2017 , 1:28 IST
Ministry of Finance has issued four separate Gazette notifications making Aadhaar mandatory for opening all post office deposit accounts , Public Provident Fund ( PPF ) , National Savings Certificate scheme and Kisan Vikas Patra deposits . File photo .
The government has made it mandatory to link the Aadhaar number to all new post office deposits like Public Provident Fund , National Savings Certificate Scheme and Kisan Vikas Patra .
The existing post office depositors have been given time till December 31 to seed their UID number with their deposits , the finance ministry said on Friday .
The government is insisting on the 12-digit Unique Identification Number , also known as the Aadhaar number , in order to end the menace of fake and multiple identities .
“ Provided that where the Aadhaar number has not been assigned , the depositor shall submit proof of application of enrolment for Aadhaar , ” the ministry said in a notification dated September 29 .
“ Provided further that every depositor under this rule who has not given their Aadhaar number at the time of application for such deposit shall submit their Aadhaar number to the Post Office Savings Bank or Bank concerned , on or before December 31 , 2017 , ” it stated .
Aadhaar is accepted as a valid identity proof by the central and state governments for availing services , including application for passports , opening of bank or insurance accounts , getting telephone and mobile phone connections , buying rail tickets and availing concessions .
As many as 135 schemes of 35 ministries , including the free cooking gas ( LPG ) to poor women , kerosene and fertiliser subsidy , targeted public distribution system and MGNREGA , will be linked with Aadhaar , another order said .
Aadhaar 's extension would also apply to the Employees ' Pension Scheme of 1995 , scholarships , housing subsidy benefit , stipend to SC/ST trainees for coaching guidance and vocational training , stipend to handicapped and Aam Aadmi Bima Yojana , national apprenticeship and skill development schemes , crop insurance schemes , interest subvention schemed , scholarship and fellowship schemes , various education programmes such as midday meals for children and the Atal Pension Yojana .
Justin Holbrook heaped praise on their side as St Helens eased to victory over Castleford .
The Saints dismantled last year 's league leaders with ease , securing a 44-6 victory over Daryl Powell 's side .
The victory will only add to the hype surrounding the Saints , and Holbrook did little to play down their side after the game .
“ The boys were fantastic tonight and we got off to a great start , ” they said .
“ Everyone will get better as the year moves on and I 'm sure Castleford will be disappointed . But from our end we could n't have asked for anymore .
“ We did n't expect to win with that scoreline of course . You 're always confident with your pre-season but when round one comes you know you have to perform and tonight we did . ”
Meanwhile , Holbrook also reserved special praise for Ben Barba , who dazzled in the display and scored two tries .
“ Ben was really good , especially when we were down to 12 men and they came up with that big tackle . Then , on the very next set they score a try too . Special players produce special plays and they did two in two minutes . They were fantastic .
“ I did n't predict they would have such a good night but I always said they would produce some of the things they would do . They have had a good pre-season and came back two-and-a-half weeks earlier too . If you do this sort of things you get the rewards do n't you ? ”
After a not-so-subtle hint in a Twitch stream , it 's official : there 's a new Fallout game on the way . Bethesda has posted a teaser trailer for Fallout 76 ahead of its premiere at E3 . You wo n't find many details about the gameplay itself , but there are hints that this might be a slightly different take on the post-apocalyptic world . For one , the game 's namesake Vault 76 is important to Fallout lore -- it 's one of the few `` control '' ( baseline ) vaults . The choice of music might also be a clue , as Bethesda ditched the usual '30s and '40s music for a cover of John Denver 's `` Country Roads . '' Is it set in West Virginia , then ?
It 's been about 11 years since the city of Charlotte partnered with Pappas Properties to develop land around the Scaleybark light-rail station . Council members voted Wednesday to end a partnership with Pappas Properties to building housing on the site . John D. Simmons jsimmons @ charlotteobserver.com
About
To bring Lyft 's Origin Story to life , Buck created this unique animation piece and I had the privilege to contribute with some AE animation/compo… Read More
To bring Lyft 's Origin Story to life , Buck created this unique animation piece and I had the privilege to contribute with some AE animation/compositing . Read Less
Published :
Marvel Studio News has reported that Facebook has banned a group that attempted to sabotage the fan review scores of Star Wars : The Last Jedi and also promised to do the same thing to Marvel 's upcoming Black Panther .
The group 's Facebook page was named “ Down With Disney 's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys , ” and it had created an event to post low review scores on the fan review section of the Rotten Tomatoes website . The exact motivations of the group are n't completely clear , though some trends and theories have cropped up during the course of its actions .
According to a screenshot posted by Marvel Studio News , the group has now been banned by Facebook . Rotten Tomatoes has also gotten involved , stating that it would be monitoring the reviews of Black Panther and that it was fine with people not enjoying a movie , but would not tolerate hate speech on its platform .
“ We at Rotten Tomatoes are proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously , ” a Rotten Tomatoes representative told The Wrap . “ While we respect our fans ' diverse opinions , we do not condone hate speech . Our team of security , network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible . ”
As for the group itself , The Verge describes it as a pro-DC fan organization that is opposed to Marvel and Star Wars . The group helped review bomb The Last Jedi because they did not like the fact that it featured a female main character . The group also claims that the poor reviews of Warner Bros. DC films are due to Disney 's manipulation of film critics , though there is no evidence to support those claims .
This group 's efforts aside , the early impressions of Black Panther appear to be largely positive with critics hailing it as one of the best Marvel movies to come out in some time . Moviegoers can decide for themselves when Black Panther arrives in movie theaters on February 16 .
Amazon is ramping up the billions of dollars a year it spends on creating and licensing TV shows and films , signaling the retailer plans to be in show business for the long haul .
The issue came to the forefront of investors ' attention last week , when Amazon said a step up in its spending on video projects could be one of several reasons it might report a loss this quarter , even as it expects more than $ 39 billion in overall sales .
The company 's shares , though up 33 percent this year , have dipped 5 percent since that warning .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What venture will Amazon tackle next ? 2:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Wall Street analysts estimate Amazon 's spending on content will have tripled to more than $ 4.5 billion by the end of this year from 2014 .
Catching customers ' attention with video now represents one of the company 's biggest investments , people familiar with the matter said . Amazon does not break out spending figures , and it declined comment on the subject .
The company has visibly increased its footprint in Hollywood since opening a nearby studio in 2010 , and picked up its first Academy Awards earlier this year .
`` We expect Amazon to quickly exceed Netflix 's annual spending on video , '' said Needham & Co analyst Laura Martin , who estimates that Netflix , the top online television service , will spend $ 6 billion on content this year .
Means to an End ?
The fast-growing investment in original video is just one of many simultaneous moves by Amazon into new areas , including brick-and-mortar retailing with its planned acquisition of Whole Foods .
Related : Why Amazon Is Buying Whole Foods
Amazon has offered little detail for investors on where it is spending extra on content , or why , making it hard to evaluate if the investment is working . Broadly , it has said video is a key benefit of its money-spinning Prime shopping club , whose members tend to buy more goods from Amazon on top of paying a yearly fee .
`` When we win a Golden Globe , it helps us sell more shoes , '' Chief Executive Jeff Bezos said at a Recode tech conference last year . `` People who use Prime Video ... renew at higher rates , and they convert from free trials at higher rates . ''
One of the people familiar with the company 's operations said Amazon has data scientists and economists running computer models to determine how video influences whether shoppers sign up for Prime after a free trial period .
In turn , deciding the budget for video spending involves a complicated set of factors , including subscription fees and the value of extra spending by Prime members , the person said .
Success Not Assured
Despite its award wins for distributing `` Manchester by the Sea '' and producing TV shows such as `` Transparent , '' Amazon 's Hollywood push has not been entirely successful .
An early plan to let anyone submit scripts online and crowd-source opinions on what shows to produce — an effort to disrupt Hollywood 's lengthy and expensive greenlight system — has effectively been abandoned .
Some have expressed concern that Amazon is focusing on niche audiences that likely are already Prime Video users , such as recent projects with director Woody Allen .
Related : What Lies Ahead for Amazon ?
Meanwhile , costs mount . Amazon paid $ 10 million to score distribution rights to `` Manchester by the Sea '' — one of the largest deals ever at the Sundance Film Festival . And it is paying about $ 50 million to stream 10 Thursday-night games for the U.S. National Football League this year , five times what Twitter had paid for the same rights .
The famously frugal company threw lavish awards show parties , too , a sign it has not been able to shave off as much of Hollywood 's notoriously high costs as it may have hoped .
`` The bets they have to make on content are subject to the vagaries of the movie business , '' said Paul Verna , an analyst at research firm eMarketer . Being in Hollywood is `` entirely different from being a data company or a tech company or a devices company . ''
NEWARK , N.J. ( AP ) - `` Jersey Shore '' star Michael `` The Situation '' Sorrentino and their brother pleaded not guilty Monday to additional tax fraud charges after federal prosecutors say they filed fake tax returns and claimed luxury car and clothing purchases were business expenses .
Michael and Marc Sorrentino entered their pleas during an arraignment in federal court in Newark .
`` This is a complicated case - Michael is not a complicated person , '' Michael Sorrentino 's attorney , Henry Klingeman , told reporters outside the courthouse after the hearing had concluded .
Marc Sorrentino 's attorney declined to comment on the proceedings .
In 2014 , the brothers pleaded not guilty to charges they filed bogus tax returns on nearly $ 9 million and claimed millions in personal expenses as business expenses .
Michael Sorrentino was indicted this month on charges including tax evasion , structuring bank deposits to avoid reporting requirements and falsifying records . Marc Sorrentino was charged with falsifying records to obstruct a grand jury investigation .
Prosecutors allege Michael Sorrentino did n't pay federal income tax owed on the $ 8.9 million they earned from 2010 to 2012 , failed to file a personal tax return for 2011 and filed fake corporate returns for one of the companies the brothers set up after they gained fame on the show . Prosecutors say they also made a series of bank deposits of under $ 10,000 to avoid bank reporting requirements .
After the brothers were served with grand jury subpoenas seeking records from their companies , prosecutors allege Marc Sorrentino falsified records to reclassify taxable payments to themselves as nontaxable payments and business deductions .
`` The Situation '' appeared on all six seasons of the MTV reality show , which followed the lives of rowdy housemates on New Jersey 's famed Atlantic shore and ran from 2009 to 2012 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Image copyright Getty Images
Parent groups have only been behind about one in five of the free schools that have been opened , say researchers .
The flagship policy , launched under the coalition government , was meant to bring innovation and more parental choice to schools in England .
But Sir Peter Lampl , chairperson of the Sutton Trust , which carried out the free school study , said `` very few are fulfilling that original purpose '' .
The Department for Education said free schools were raising standards .
The study , from the Sutton Trust social mobility charity and the National Foundation for Educational Research , says new free schools are now much more likely to be created by expanding academy trusts .
'Distinctive mission '
Free schools , the first of which opened in 2011 , operate outside of local authority networks and were intended to be an innovative response to the demands of local parents .
The study examined more than 300 created until autumn 2017 .
Initially , about 40 % were opened with parent groups - but since 2015 , that has fallen to below 20 % at secondary level . In primary and all-through schools - those that teach youngsters of all ages - it is down to just 4 % .
`` In reality , the free school programme has been a vehicle by which new schools are opened by academy chains , '' says the study .
Since 2015 , almost four in five of the new free schools have been set up by academy trusts .
They are also less likely to have a `` distinctive mission '' than other schools - and the report says the government needs to explain what it now sees as the purpose of free schools .
The analysis also found :
At secondary level , pupils at free schools perform slightly better
They have `` largely been set up in areas with a need for more school places ''
Free schools have a higher proportion of ethnic minority pupils compared with other school types in their local catchment areas
In secondary schools , the over-representation of ethnic minority pupils is driven by faith free schools
There has been a growth in non-Christian faith schools , such as Muslim , Jewish and Sikh
They have a slightly lower proportion of disadvantaged pupils , but poorer pupils in free schools do better than their peers in other schools
The report says that if free schools are now very likely to be part of academy chains , with few other distinctive features , there needs to be more clarity about how they are funded and supervised and to make sure they represent `` value for public money '' .
There had been a presumption that all new schools would have to be free schools .
But this effective monopoly could change , as the Education Secretary Damian Hinds has announced that councils could open new faith schools , classified as `` voluntary aided '' rather than free .
The next wave of about 35 free schools is going to be directed towards the lowest-performing areas of England , particularly the North East .
Toby Young , founder of the West London Free School , said that even though this might be seen as a critical report , it showed that free schools were serving deprived and ethnic minority pupils .
`` Turns out , these schools are not just benefiting middle-class children , '' they added .
`` But most strikingly of all , the report found that children from deprived backgrounds at free schools do much better than their counterparts at other types of school . To be precise , disadvantaged pupils get higher grades in three out of eight GCSEs . ''
'Smoke and mirrors '
Carole Willis , chief executive of the National Foundation for Educational Research , said : `` The government 's free schools programme has not been very successful at bringing innovation to the education system and encouraging more parents and teachers to set up new schools '' .
`` If the government is still committed to the programme 's original purpose then it should review and clarify the mission of free schools . ''
Kevin Courtney , co-leader of the National Education Union , said the free school programme had so far cost £3.6bn , and the report showed the `` notion of increased parental choice '' had been `` simply smoke and mirrors '' .
Mark Lehain , the interim director of the New Schools Network - which promotes the opening of free schools - said : `` As a parent and founder of a free school , I know how much the policy has allowed local communities to get the schools they want .
`` Free schools are still the best way for innovation to flourish and voices of the community to be heard . ''
The Department for Education said that free schools were part of its efforts to raise standards - and that 84 % of those inspected were rated either good or outstanding .
A department spokesperson said that many free schools were serving pupils in England 's most deprived areas .
CLEVELAND — A Muslim-American radio host has received a court judgment in their favour in their federal lawsuit against a neo-Nazi website publisher because the defendant never responded to the Ohio case in court .
Dean Obeidallah accused The Daily Stormer 's publisher , Andrew Anglin , of falsely labeling them as the “ mastermind ” behind a deadly bombing at concert in England last year .
Cleveland.com reports neither Anglin nor any attorney for them responded , so the court entered a finding of default Tuesday . Obeidallah 's attorneys said they had tried unsuccessfully to reach or locate Anglin or their legal representative through emails , private investigators and notices in a Columbus-area legal publication .
Obeidallah did n't request a specific amount of damages . In that situation , judges typically have a hearing to determine the amount .
No such hearing has been scheduled .
——
Information from : cleveland.com , http : //www.cleveland.com
Real Madrid captain Sergio Ramos says it was wrong to send off Cristiano Ronaldo for a dive in their side 's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana first-leg victory over Barcelona .
Ronaldo delivered a remarkable cameo off the bench at Camp Nou , scoring their side 's second goal before being booked for taking off their shirt in celebration and then earning a second yellow card after going to ground under pressure from Samuel Umtiti two minutes later .
The 32-year-old pushed referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back before heading off the pitch , meaning they could earn a longer suspension that would keep them out of Madrid 's opening games of their LaLiga title defence .
Ramos does not believe their team-mate was deliberately trying to con the officials , however , and suggested that they could appeal against the dismissal .
1 - Cristiano Ronaldo has been sent off in El Clasico for the first time ( 28 appearances ) . Red . — OptaJose ( @ OptaJose ) August 13 , 2017
`` He was a long way from me . I think it was a moment of play that unbalanced them and they did n't feign anything , '' Ramos said after the match , as quoted by AS .
`` It could be possible to appeal because it left us without a really important player for 10 minutes . We should think it over a little more . ''
Ramos had earlier been caught up in a confrontation with Luis Suarez after the Barça striker won a penalty for their side by hurdling a challenge from goalkeeper Keylor Navas , who appeared to make very little contact .
`` We 're at high levels of tension in this type of game , '' Ramos explained . `` For me , it was n't a penalty . I do n't think the referee blows for something if they do n't see anything , they would have seen it clearly . For me , there was nothing . ''
TORONTO — Childcare is one of the major issues in Ontario 's election , with all three main parties proposing vastly different visions of how best to help families at a time when daycare can cost parents as much as $ 20,000 a year . Here is a look at each of the plans .
LIBERALS
Who does it cover ? The cost of childcare would be fully covered for all children from age 2 1/2 to four , when they can start kindergarten .
What types of care are included ?
Licensed childcare centres , both not-for-profit and for-profit .
What does it cost ? Parents of preschool-aged children aged 2 1/2 to four would pay no daycare fees . The plan would cost taxpayers $ 2.2 billion over three years .
When would it be implemented ? Starting in 2020 .
What else does the plan offer ? The Liberals would put $ 162.5 million toward helping with costs of infant and toddler care and $ 534 million over six years to build 14,000 more preschool childcare spaces .
What do the experts say ? The plan was based on recommendations from University of Toronto economics professor Gordon Cleveland . Critics have noted that it does n't cover the most expensive years — infant care runs up to $ 25,000 a year , while the Liberals estimate their plan would save families an average $ 17,000 a year . But Cleveland calls it a first step .
“ There 's no special magic about preschoolers except that we do have a lot more capacity at that age level right now , ” says Cleveland , who also appeared at a Liberal campaign event touting the plan .
Rachel Langford , an associate professor of early childhood studies at Ryerson University , called the plan “ sound ” because there are a sufficient number of existing preschool childcare spots to accommodate increased demand that would come from free care .
“ Unlike with infants and toddlers , where staff-child ratios demand more spots , I think that it would be easier to implement the plan ( for preschool years ) . ”
NDP
Who does it cover ? Infants and toddlers at first , followed by preschoolers .
What types of care are included ? Licensed , not-for-profit childcare . Three-quarters of Ontario 's licensed childcare centres are not-for-profit .
What does it cost ? Families making under $ 40,000 would pay no fees . Families above that threshold would pay on a sliding scale based on their income . The NDP has said the average would be $ 12 a day , but has not provided any specifics about who would pay which amounts , except to say 70 per cent of families would pay $ 12 a day or less . After an initial $ 375 million investment from the government in 2018-19 , the cost for taxpayers would ramp up to $ 3.8 billion in 2022-23 , with a total projected cost of $ 11.4 billion over five years .
When would it be implemented ? The plan would start with care for infants and toddlers in 2019-20 , followed by preschoolers the following year .
What else does the plan offer ? Existing subsidies would not be reduced . The number of licensed , not-for-profit childcare spaces would be expanded by 51 per cent — an additional 202,000 spaces — by adding more than 10 per cent each year . It would prioritize new spots in public schools . The plan also includes wage increases for early childhood educators .
What do the experts say ? The plan is based on recommendations from the Ontario Coalition for Better Childcare . They have called for a universal childcare system that is affordable , pays early childhood educators well , and expands only in the public or not-for-profit sectors . The coalition says for-profit care tends to be of a poorer quality , and they say limiting for-profit childcare is key to responsibly expanding care in Ontario .
Langford believes the NDP is completely committed to their plan , but it would be “ more challenging ” to implement than the Liberal plan because infant and toddler spaces require higher child-to-staff ratios .
Cleveland says the NDP plan would create more demand for the infant and toddler spaces than it could meet .
“ It 's a promise that sounds good , but it 's a promise that ca n't be delivered , ” they say .
“ The NDP one that they 're talking about would be quite generous…that 's dramatically lowering the price of childcare . That would make it incredibly affordable for families . I do n't really have an objection to doing that . My objection is that what they 've put forward is not a possible , feasible plan . ”
But aiming for a high-quality system with an emphasis on not-for-profit care is a very important factor , Cleveland adds . “ I do n't fault them for raising that issue . ”
PROGRESSIVE CONSERVATIVES
Who does it cover ? Children under 15 years old
What types of care are included ? Families could select from a variety of options , including licensed and independent childcare spaces , babysitters , nannies , after-school recreational programs , “ and a range of other options , as long as it enables the parent to go back to work , ” the Tories have said .
What does it cost ? Families would receive an Ontario Childcare Rebate of up to 75 per cent of their childcare expenses , up to $ 6,750 per child until age six . For kids between six and 15 , families would receive up to $ 3,750 . It would work on a sliding scale , with families earning less than $ 34,800 qualifying for the maximum and declining to a rebate of 26 per cent of childcare costs for families with an income of $ 155,095 or higher . It would cost $ 389 million a year , the Tories say .
When would it be implemented ? Jan. 1 , 2019 .
What else does the plan offer ? The plan as announced by the Progressive Conservatives does not promise to create additional spaces .
What do the experts say ? Critics seize on the amounts offered , saying even $ 6,750 would still leave some families paying nearly $ 15,000 a year for infant childcare .
Langford says the Tory plan does n't advance accessibility , but flagged the cost estimate as too low .
“ The PCs are promising $ 389 million for the tax rebate , ” they say . “ There are 2.2 million eligible children from zero to 14…that would work out to about $ 175 per child . ”
But the Tories say this is an oversimplification . Not all children would need some form of care , plus parents with an infant in care would spend far more than a parent paying for a pre-teen 's after-school sports program , they say .
The $ 389 million is in addition to money that would be available by repurposing billions of dollars in existing tax credits , they add .
Economist Kevin Milligan co-authored a paper last year on the benefits of a refundable tax credit for childcare . They wrote a blog post in support of the Tory plan when it was originally announced last year under former party leader Patrick Brown , saying it delivers the largest benefit to lower- and middle-income families and that the cost estimates were reasonable . However , after the party elected Doug Ford as leader they said the commentary no longer reflected their views .
Earlier this year , Samsung launched two new Chromebooks - the Chromebook Plus and Pro . Both have a 3:2 touchscreen with stylus support and the Google Play Store , but the Pro has slightly beefier specifications . Now you can grab one for $ 50 off at a handful of retailers .
The Chromebook Pro has a 12.3 '' 2400x1600 touchscreen display with stylus support , 4GB of RAM , two USB Type-C ports ( that are used for charging ) , a headphone/microphone combo jack , a microSD card slot , and 32GB of eMMC storage . It 's a 2-in-1 , so you can flip it around to use it as a giant tablet .
The processor is the only major difference between the Plus and the Pro . While the Plus has a custom ARM-based OP1 chip , the Pro has an Intel Core M3 G730 CPU . The Pro also comes in a sleek black color , while the Plus is silver . You can buy it from the source links below , and it 's worth noting that B & H does n't collect tax outside NY and NJ .
For the first time since 2010 , Washington will be a one-party town and the Republicans on the cusp of controlling the presidency and both houses of Congress are already preparing an ambitious agenda .
After six years of partisan gridlock , GOP leaders of the 115th Congress begin a new session Tuesday eager to roll back much of President Barack Obama 's crowning achievements , including the Affordable Care Act , as well as advance their own policies , like tax reform , that have been mothballed for years . And they will be navigating the new terrain with a mix of familiar faces and new names on the scene .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Ryan Sees 'Nothing But Enthusiasm ' From Trump on Addressing Economy 1:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In the leadership , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will continue to be instrumental players who will guide their members , negotiate with incoming President Donald Trump and dictate the agenda . They will continue to be two of the most powerful people in Washington .
But while their goals are likely to be the same , the challenges they face will be different . Ryan will have to keep their diverse caucus united to pass legislation and McConnell , with a majority of 52 senators , will likely need the support of eight Democrats to pass anything controversial or significant . That means legislation coming out of the Senate must have at least some bipartisan appeal , and in order for it to pass the House , the legislation will have to be conservative enough to appease Ryan 's most right-leaning members .
The most critical figure in the opposition is a familiar face in a new role — Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York . They replace retired Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada who kept Senate Democrats in line , defended their members and put up fierce opposition to any Republican proposal or tactic they thought was unpalatable . Schumer has indicated a more conciliatory approach , vowing to work with Trump on areas where they think they could agree like on jobs and infrastructure .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Schumer : Dems Will Go 'Toe-to-Toe ' Against Trump When Necessary 0:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Because senators have expanded the use of the filibuster , it often takes the support of 60 senators to pass legislation . Schumer 's 48-member caucus can easily block bills , but it 's going to be up to Schumer to try and keep their caucus from defecting to vote with Republican measures if they are going to truly block the GOP agenda .
Regardless of their style , their success will be measured on the results . Schumer will drive the Democrats ' messaging to voters , which will largely dictate how effective Democrats are over the next two years .
Outside of leadership , these lawmakers are expected to be critical players on Capitol Hill over the next two years :
REPUBLICANS :
Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine : Collins is a moderate Republican who Democrats could turn to for help in blocking some components of the Republican agenda . While Democrats wo n't dictate the agenda on the Senate floor , they could offer amendments to alter legislation , and getting the support of Collins could help Democrats win small victories .
Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada : Of all the 33 senate seats up in 2018 , Heller is the only Republican up for re-election in a state that Trump lost . Heller will have to spend the next two years navigating Trump , their Republican leadership , and their prospects for re-election . If Trump is unpopular , especially in Nevada , Heller could become a critical swing vote for Senate Democrats .
Rep. Mark Meadows , R-North Carolina : Meadows is the new leader of the conservative Freedom Caucus , which consists of about 40 Republicans who demand a limited government and prefer a uncompromising approach . As their leader , Meadows will be one of the most influential members of the House . Speaker Ryan will have to ensure that they have the support of Meadows and their fellow Freedom Caucus members if they are to pass any legislation without having to gain the support of Democrats .
As chair of the House Oversight Committee , Rep. Jason Chaffetz will be tasked with deciding how to handle potential legal or ethical conflicts of the incoming administration . Cliff Owen / AP
Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah : The head of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee has been bullish on investigating the Obama administration , including Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . The question is if they will give the same due diligence to oversight during a Trump administration . If they decide to conduct a thorough vetting of Trump and their appointees , they could become one of the most interesting and closely watched members to determine the areas where Republicans are not pleased with their president .
Rep. Tom Price , R-Georgia : Price has been tapped as Trump 's secretary of health and human services , but until they are confirmed by the Senate , they will play a central role in the first few weeks of Congress in January . As head of the Budget Committee , they will oversee the budget that includes repeals of many aspects of the Affordable Care Act . They wrote the legislation , called Reconciliation , passed in 2015 to repeal much of Obamacare and it is likely to be the blueprint for repeal in 2017 . As HHS secretary , they are expected to work very closely with members on a replacement of the health care law .
Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona : McCain is an old name in the Senate , but the moniker `` maverick '' they adopted during their 2008 presidential run is likely to make a comeback . They are no fan of Trump , and as head of the Senate Armed Services Committee , they and their committee could cause problems for Trump 's foreign policy , including Trump 's forgiving stance toward Russia .
DEMOCRATS
Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vermont : Fresh off a presidential bid where they amassed a large and passionate following , their new role in Democratic leadership is outreach liaison . Sanders will be instrumental in determining if Democrats can effectively message to white working class voters — voters Trump won overwhelmingly . This fiercely independent senator will now be responsible for seeing if Democrats can make any gains with these voters in two years .
Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia : Manchin is up for re-election in 2018 in one of the ten states Trump won that Democrats must now defend . Manchin , who describes themselves as fiscally conservative and socially compassionate , could defect from Democrats on some issues and play a critical role in Republicans ' strategy to pass their agenda .
Sen. Joe Donnelly , D-Indiana : Donnelly is another senator , like Manchin , who is up for re-election in a Trump-won state . The difference between Manchin and Donnelly , however , is that Donnelly is considered the most endangered incumbent . Indiana voted for Trump by 19 points , which means Donnelly , who is serving their first term , will have to make some very tough decisions on how they vote on the Senate floor . All eyes will be on them to see if Republicans can pass a bill or Democrats will be able to block it .
Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri : Also from a Trump-won state and up for re-election in 2018 , McCaskill is a solid Democrat , but they have been known to exert their independence at times . If their re-election is looking more difficult as 2018 nears , McCaskill could be a good place to look when Republicans need to reach across the aisle .
Rep. Joe Crowley , D-New York : Crowley was elected to House leadership as chair of the Democratic caucus . While he 's been in office since 1999 , Crowley is seen as the bridge between Nancy Pelosi and their leadership team , which came under pressure to step down by some members , including younger and newer members . He 's ambitious but well-liked , and they could help to steer Democratic policy in a direction that younger members would prefer .
Argentina coach Jorge Sampaoli remains confident their team will qualify for the World Cup despite being held by Peru on Thursday .
Lionel Messi produced some moments of magic in Buenos Aires , but the hosts were unable to break through in the 0-0 draw .
The result left Argentina in sixth – outside the qualification spots – in CONMEBOL qualifying , ahead of a trip to Ecuador on Tuesday .
But Sampaoli believes in their side 's chances of reaching Russia 2018 , with Colombia and Peru , fourth and fifth respectively , to meet on the final matchday .
`` I am still confident that we will be at the World Cup , '' they told a news conference .
`` Today was a very good game . We just missed a goal . I am very hopeful and excited about what is coming .
`` The team never gave up , put in a huge effort and deserved another result . ''
Sampaoli praised Messi for their performance , with the Barcelona star unfortunate to have scored just four goals in nine qualifiers this campaign .
`` Messi played a great game , created chances and gave good passes , '' they said .
A win over Ecuador will be enough for Argentina to secure at least a place in a play-off .
Hull Kingston Rovers have signed Junior Vaivai and Danny Tickle on one-year deals .
The duo have joined the club on the eve of the season , with the Rovers ' return to Super League starting against Wakefield this evening .
USA international centre Vaivai featured under Leeds head coach Brian McDermott at last year 's World Cup and has NRL experience with South Sydney Rabbitohs and Penrith Panthers .
The 28-year-old 's move is subject to paperwork , which the Robins hope to be completed in the next couple of weeks .
Meanwhile , Tickle was without a club after leaving Leigh following their relegation .
Tickle , who turns 35 this year , has spent almost the entirety of their career in Super League following spells at Halifax , Wigan , Hull FC , Widnes , Castleford and the Centurions .
Used predominantly at prop last year , the former England representative has made over 400 career appearances .
Hull KR 's Head of Rugby Jamie Peacock said : “ Junior is going to be a really strong acquisition for us . They mainly play centre or wing but he 's got a bit of versatility as well and Brian McDermott said they were very good with the USA . I spoke to Sam Burgess about them during the World Cup as well and they were also singing their praises . He 's a good player and we 've done well to add them to our squad .
“ As for Danny , all the times I 've played against them or trained with them as part of an England camp , I 've thought them to be a very good player . He 's still got a lot to offer Hull KR with their experience , their rugby knowledge and also their goal-kicking , which could all prove to be invaluable .
“ Danny 's more of a middle forward these days but he 's played a lot on the edge . He 's another who 's got plenty of experience and we need that . He 's done the battles in Super League and they were one of Leigh 's best players every week last year , so I 'm delighted we 're bringing them in .
“ Both players will really add to our squad . They 're both talented players in their own rights and they add to our depth , which is going to be a really key facet for us this season . ”
1:44 TRAILER : Rogue One : A Star Wars Story Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
3:11 Pet pig 's botched butchering leads to arrest
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
OEMs are n't particularly good at security , but HP 's recent problems deserve some kind of award . The company has been shipping a keylogger on at least 460 laptop models , and while it 's disabled by default , enabling it is as simple as flipping a registry switch .
Security researcher Michael Myng ( aka ZwClose ) found the bug while looking for a way to control HP 's keyboard backlight . During their search , Myng found data suggesting there could be a keylogger embedded in HP systems ( the phrase KeyboardHookCallback was a hint to the function of the capability ) . The relevant registry keys were located at :
HKLM\Software\Synaptics\ % ProductName %
HKLM\Software\Synaptics\ % ProductName % \Default
HP has released an update for the flaw , saying :
A potential security vulnerability has been identified with certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers that impacts all Synaptics OEM partners . A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability . Neither Synaptics nor HP has access to customer data as a result of this issue .
It 's true the attacker would 've needed Administrative access , but that 's less difficult than you might think . What the attacker actually needed was for a user to click “ Yes , ” on a UAC box . It 's not difficult to get people to do that , seeing as they rarely understand what UAC is or what it does anyway . It remains a prime example of security theater rather than a functional product that provides any benefit for the end user . According to HP , this keylogger was used for diagnostic purposes , but should 've been removed before systems ever shipped .
To HP 's marginal credit , it avoided shipping systems with the keylogger enabled , but problems like this are part of why securing systems is so difficult to begin with . It 's not enough to simply update your OS and run regular scans — OEM systems from Dell , to HP , to Lenovo often have n't been audited to make sure they 're closing their own loopholes . In this case , the update is also being pushed through Windows Update , which should help some people lock down their systems .
We 're not kidding about up to 460 models being affected by this , but we 'll shortcut it for you : If you have an HP laptop , hie thee to this webpage , search to see if your model is listed , and apply the relevant fix . We 'd recommend doing this as opposed to waiting for Windows Update , since then you 'll know the fix has been applied , rather than hoping it was rolled into the WU update and took properly . This fix should n't have any impact on your touchpad performance in any fashion .
Image copyright Local Deomcracy Service Image caption The Stanley Road medical centre is among the surgeries where Healthaction will stop treating patients
Thousands of patients could face being left without GPs amid the planned closure of four practices in Liverpool .
Care provider Healthaction has struggled to recruit doctors and admitted it can no longer offer care to 11,000 patients from September .
Services at Rice Lane , Walton , Mere Lane , Everton , Stanley Road and Childwall Road , Childwall are affected .
Liverpool Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) said it would work to transfer patients to alternative surgeries .
However , the CCG admitted it would be `` working to a challenging time-scale '' .
A report on the situation will be presented to Liverpool City Council by the CCG on Tuesday .
'Smooth as possible '
Paul Brant , the council 's cabinet member for health and social care , said they were working closely with the CCG and local practices .
They said : `` I will be keeping my eye out on the matter and I will be working to make sure no one is left without a GP , especially those people who have long term health conditions and prescriptions .
`` I have had confirmation there will be lots of advice issued to affected patients and that the process will be as smooth as possible for them . ''
The Patients Association declined to comment on the closures .
Four other GP practices in the four buildings where the Healthaction practices are located are unaffected .
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
This year 's flu season is shaping up to be a nasty one , so far sending 8,990 Americans to the hospital and killing 30 children . And with this year 's vaccine estimated to be only about 30 percent effective at preventing influenza , researchers are scrambling to find better ways to protect people from flu in years to come .
Artificial intelligence — and machine learning in particular — could hold some solutions .
There are two key ways that AI is being used in flu research : to provide public health officials with better forecasts of flu season and to help scientists develop more effective vaccines — possibly even to develop a universal flu vaccine that would offer protection against all strains of influenza .
Forecasting the flu
Forecasts help researchers track flu outbreaks , avert vaccine shortages , and provide crucial updates for the public before and during each flu season — akin to the way meteorologists provide weather forecasts , said Dr. Roni Rosenfeld , a machine learning expert at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh .
Rosenfeld and their Carnegie Mellon colleagues use machine learning to comb through historical data on how the flu has spread in past years in various places across the country .
“ We make an underlying assumption that this year is going to be , in some senses , similar to a past year , ” Rosenfeld said . But they want to drill down into the data to provide more detailed assessments of the flu 's impact on individual counties and cities — and for good reason .
“ When we track and forecast a flu in regions like the Southeast or New England , there 's not a single epidemic going on , ” Rosenfeld said . “ At the local level , the flu hits different cities and counties in different ways and at different times . They could really use a much more specific and customized assessment of what 's going on . ”
Developing better vaccines
As Rosenfeld and other researchers are using AI to improve flu forecasting , others are using it for the tricky task of developing new , more effective flu vaccines .
Every year the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) characterizes about 2,000 influenza viruses . The agency uses this information to pinpoint which specific flu viruses are likely to circulate in the population six months down the road — so that other researchers can develop vaccines that target these strains .
This is complicated because flu viruses mutate rapidly , which means the prevailing strain of flu may morph in a way that renders vaccines less than fully effective at preventing illness and controlling symptoms of people who catch flu despite getting vaccinated .
AI could take some of the guesswork out of developing flu vaccines , helping to ensure their effectiveness .
In 2011 , Dr. Richard Webby , a virologist at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , collaborated on a first-of-its-kind study that used machine learning to examine the specific mutations in flu viruses believed to have led swine flu to jump from pigs to humans — causing a 2009 pandemic that the CDC estimates killed 151,700 to 575,400 people around the world .
And machine learning is showing its value as a tool for studying ordinary seasonal flu viruses as well as the ones that cause pandemics . Scientists are now using it to identify viruses ' so-called antigenic properties — the viruses ' molecular structures and how they trigger the body 's immune system .
“ The most important piece of information that we have is antigenic information on these viruses that are circulating , ” Webby said . Scientists are trying to “ train machine learning algorithms to predict what impact various mutations might have on the antigenicity of the virus ” — in other words , to make sure scientists are getting the vaccine right .
At least one biotech firm is fully embracing this approach using artificial intelligence .
In October 2017 , Boston-based biopharmaceutical company Berg teamed up with French drugmaker Sanofi Pasteur to use AI to study why flu vaccines protect some people well but not others .
Berg CEO Niven Narain says AI could lead to personalized flu vaccines — that is , “ different vaccines for different ages or types of populations ” or even different geographic locations . As they put it , “ AI is absolutely a game-changer . ”
WASHINGTON — Sen. Bernie Sanders on Sunday warned against “ jumping the gun ” in pursuing impeachment charges against President Donald Trump and maintained that any potential proceedings should not be partisan .
“ I think there is a process that has to be followed , ” the Vermont independent said on NBC 's “ Meet the Press , ” urging Democrats to wait for special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation on Russian attempts to interfere in the 2016 election to play out before starting any kind of formal impeachment process .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Impeach the President ? Bernie Sanders says ' I do n't think we 're there right now ' 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ I think Mr. Mueller is doing a very good job on their investigation , ” Sanders said . “ If Mueller brings forth the clear evidence that there was collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians , I think you have grounds for impeachment . ”
California business person Tom Steyer has launched a multimillion-dollar campaign of television ads calling for Trump to be impeached , drawing the ire of some top Democrats .
This week , more than four dozen Democrats in the House of Representatives voted to move ahead with a resolution brought by Democratic Congressman Al Green of Texas to impeach the president , but it was ultimately tabled by a vote of 364 to 58 .
Last week , Sanders urged the president to “ think about resigning ” because they have “ acknowledged on tape that they assaulted women , ” a reference to the Access Hollywood video that was released in the final weeks of the 2016 presidential campaign .
Sanders reiterated that call on “ Meet the Press , ” but also acknowledged they do n't think the current timing for considering impeachment is appropriate .
We have a president who acknowledged on tape that they assaulted women . I would hope that they pay attention to what 's going on and think about resigning . — Bernie Sanders ( @ SenSanders ) December 7 , 2017
“ I think jumping the gun does nobody any good , ” they said . “ You have to bring the American people onto this issue . You do n't want to make it into a partisan issue . If we 're going to go forward with impeachment , I want the American people clearly to understand why that is the case , why it makes sense , why it 's the right thing to do . I do n't think we 're there right now . That 's what the Mueller investigation is all about . ”
WASHINGTON — Special Counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what transpired inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia , according to multiple people familiar with the matter .
The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn 's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump , say two people familiar with Mueller 's investigation into Russia 's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign .
Multiple sources say that during interviews , Mueller 's investigators have asked witnesses , including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing , to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn .
Watch Peter Alexander on Today this morning for more
Some of those interviewed by Mueller 's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by President Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates , then the acting attorney general , conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26 . In addition to Flynn , McGahn is also expected to be critical to federal investigators trying to piece together a timeline of those 18 days .
Neither McGahn 's lawyer nor the White House responded to requests for comment . A spokesperson for the Special Counsel 's office declined to comment .
When did Trump learn Flynn lied to the FBI ?
The obstruction of justice question could hinge on when Trump knew about the content of Flynn 's conversations with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. during the transition , which were at the crux of Yates 's warning , and when the president learned Flynn had lied about those conversations to the FBI , according to two people familiar with the Mueller probe .
Flynn pleaded guilty earlier this month to lying to the FBI on Jan. 24 , an interview that took place the day after they were sworn in as national security adviser .
Related : Mueller has enough evidence to bring charges in Flynn investigation
Yates has testified to Congress that they informed McGahn on Jan. 26 that Flynn had not been truthful in statements to senior members of the Trump team , including Vice President Mike Pence , when they said they did not discuss U.S. sanctions with Russia 's ambassador , Sergey Kislyak . Yates said Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by the Russians because they had lied about the contents of a phone call with Kislyak .
Former acting U.S. Attorney General Sally Yates testifies before a Senate Judiciary Committee 's subcommittee on Capitol Hill on May 8 , 2017 . Eric Thayer / Getty Images
Trump 's legal team and senior White House aides are refusing to say when and how the president first learned that Flynn had lied to the FBI . Yates testified that in their Jan. 26 meeting with McGahn they asked them about the content of Flynn 's FBI interview .
`` Mr. McGahn asked me how they did and I declined to give them an answer to that , '' Yates testified in May . They told Congress that it would have been inappropriate for them to tell McGahn whether Flynn had been truthful .
Related : Mike Flynn 's son is subject of federal Russia probe
That same day , Jan. 26 , McGahn also briefed Trump and some of their senior advisers on their conversation with Yates , according to then-White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer .
`` Immediately after the Department of Justice notified the White House counsel of the situation , the White House counsel briefed the president and a small group of senior advisers , '' Spicer told reporters on Feb. 14 .
Two former federal prosecutors who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity said most lawyers in McGahn 's position would have immediately gone to Flynn and asked them whether they lied to the FBI .
Don McGahn , general counsel for the Trump transition team , gets into an elevator in the lobby at Trump Tower in New York , on Nov.15 , 2016 . Drew Angerer / Getty Images
President Trump told NBC 's Lester Holt in an interview on May 11 that they did n't ask for Flynn 's resignation after Yates 's warning because once McGahn looked into it , they `` came back to me and [ it ] did not sound like an emergency . ''
The conversation with Kislyak that Flynn misled Pence and other officials about took place on Dec. 29 , the same day the Obama administration announced new sanctions against Russia in retaliation for Moscow 's interference in the U.S. presidential election .
On Jan. 12 , the Washington Post reported that Flynn had spoken on the phone with Kislyak on Dec. 29 . The timing of the call raised questions about whether the two had discussed sanctions . Three days after the Post report , Pence publicly said they had been assured by Flynn that sanctions were not discussed .
Other senior Trump officials , including Spicer , also said publicly during the transition that Flynn did not discuss sanctions with Kislyak . Spicer repeated that line from the White House podium on Jan. 23 , saying they had asked Flynn about it again the night before .
Sergey Kislyak , right , and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov meets with President Donald Trump at the White House on May 10 . Kislyak served as Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. until July . Russian Foreign Ministry Photo / via AP , file
Court documents from Flynn 's plea deal show Flynn had discussed sanctions with Kislyak on Dec. 29 in coordination with Trump transition officials . NBC News reported that Flynn spoke with their incoming deputy K.T . McFarland to discuss what to say to Kislyak about the new U.S. sanctions in order to keep Russia from retaliating .
In the second week of February , Flynn again told senior White House officials they had not discussed sanctions with Kislyak . Fresh questions arose at that time because Washington Post reporters had multiple sources saying the two men had discussed sanctions . Under repeated questioning by the senior officials , Flynn shifted their story , according to White House officials familiar with the matter .
Pence said they first learned that Flynn had misled them when the Post story was published on Feb. 9 . Four days later , Yates 's warning to McGahn became public in another Post story .
Only then , on Feb. 13 , did Trump fire Flynn , saying they did so because they had misled Pence .
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos listens at left as Deputy National Security Adviser K.T . McFarland speaks at the Women 's Empowerment Panel , Wednesday , March 29 , 2017 , at the White House in Washington . Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Justice Department officials who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity said they had expected the White House to fire Flynn on Jan. 26 upon learning that they had lied to the vice president .
Instead , Trump fired Yates on Jan. 30 , citing their refusal to enforce their executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from travelling to the U.S. Before they left , however , they made available , at McGahn 's request , evidence they had that Flynn had not been truthful about their conversations with Kislyak , according to their congressional testimony .
Mueller is trying to determine why Flynn remained in their post for 18 days after Trump learned of Yates ' warning , according to two people familiar with the probe . They appear to be interested in whether Trump directed them to lie to senior officials , including Pence , or the FBI , and if so why , the sources said .
If Trump knew their national security adviser lied to the FBI in the early days of their administration it would raise serious questions about why Flynn was not fired until Feb. 13 , and whether Trump was attempting to obstruct justice when FBI Director James Comey says the president pressured them to drop their investigation into Flynn . Trump fired Comey on May 9 .
Trump denies pressuring Comey to drop the Flynn investigation , and their legal team has disputed any notion of the president obstructing justice .
Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn ( C ) exits the E. Barrett Prettyman Federal Courthouse on December 1 , 2017 in Washington . Michael Reynolds / EPA
Trump raised new questions about possible obstruction of justice on Dec. 2 when they wrote on Twitter that they fired Flynn because they had lied to Pence and the FBI , suggesting they already knew Flynn was in legal jeopardy for lying to federal investigators at the time they fired Comey .
`` I had to fire General Flynn because they lied to the Vice President and the FBI , '' Trump wrote . `` He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because their actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! ''
Trump lawyer John Dowd later took responsibility for the tweet , saying they had drafted it for the White House social media director to post .
During their testimony before a Senate subcommittee in May , Yates testified that they did n't tell McGahn in their Jan. 26 meeting what Flynn told the FBI because that was under investigation . They said : `` He asked me how they had done in the interview , and I specifically declined to answer that . ''
Based on Yates 's testimony , McGahn 's tone appears to have hardened in their second meeting with Yates the following day , Jan. 27 , which took place after they spoke with Trump and other advisers . Yates testified that during that Jan. 27 meeting they questioned them about why it mattered if Flynn misled Pence . `` Essentially : 'What 's it to the Justice Department if one White House official is lying to another ? ' '' they said McGahn asked them
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has repeatedly referred questions to Dowd about when Trump knew Flynn lied to the FBI . Dowd has declined multiple requests to answer that question .
Keeping Welland 's name at the forefront of federal ministries and agencies was one of the reasons Welland Mayor Frank Campion , CAO Gary Long and economic development officer Dan Degazio spent three days in the nation 's capital last week .
The three men met with the office of the Minister of Innovation , Science and Economic Development , office of the Minister of Transportation , office of the Minister of Infrastructure and Communities , Canada Post , Export Development Canada , and Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Niagara Centre MP Vance Badawey accompanied the men one of the visits .
“ It was very successful . We learned more about programs available to us and made connections with the proper staff in each of the ministers ' offices . They were appreciative we took the time to go and meet with them , they 'll know who they 're dealing with when we call . ”
Making those connections and working with all levels of government has paid off for Welland , the mayor said , adding it worked in the case of attracting GE to the Rose City .
During a meeting with Transport Canada , Campion said one of things the city has been looking at is purchasing land along the Welland Canal for industrial purposes ; creating more development-ready lands and adding them to the city 's inventory .
“ We talked about working out an arrangement in conjunction with the St. Lawrence Seaway ( Management Corp. ) to create a logistics centre that includes rail and trucking . A dockage area where ships can tie up . They seemed very receptive to the concept and it fits in with federal plans of moving goods throughout Canada . ”
Those talks also fit in with a meeting the three men had with Export Development Canada in relation to Niagara 's Free Trade Zone .
Niagara was designated a free trade zone by the federal government last year and , said Campion , it makes the area attractive for the movement of goods back and forth across with border with reduced tariffs and duty .
“ We were looking to them for more information on it . We 'd like to see an office opened in Niagara to give us another tool to use . We could show people how the free trade zone could be used for industry . ”
Brownfield redevelopment was on the agenda when the three men met with the Federation of Canadian Municipalities , the agency that advocates municipal needs to the federal government when it comes to federal programs and policies .
“ There are several programs we can tap into , and they 're going to get back to us on them . ”
Campion said Welland has a lot of abandoned industrial lands , some in the heart of the city , that could be remediated through the FCM programs , or where the city could help assist in the remediation .
Canada Post was also included in the three-day trip , with three meeting with high level staff to talk about the former post office on King Street , just north of Division St .
The building is still owned by the Crown corporation and has been abandoned and boarded up for years .
“ It 's a prime part of our downtown core , facing the water and we talked about selling it or transferring it to the city , ” they said , adding the city asked for the look of the building to be improved first , and for Canada Post to do something with it , second .
dajohnson @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ DaveJTheTrib
Congressman Bob Goodlatte joined the Roanoke Valley 's Morning News live Friday for a wide-ranging conversation that included federal regulation on bump stocks , federal surveillance for national security , and immigration laws regarding “ Dreamers ” . Goodlatte chairs the House Judiciary Committee , which oversees immigration law . Here is the full conversation :
10-06 Goodlatte Live-WEB
BRASILIA - Around 60 people were killed in a bloody prison riot in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus sparked by a war between rival drug gangs , officials said on Monday , Jan. 2 , in the worst violence in over two decades in Brazil 's overcrowded penitentiary system .
The head of security for Amazonas state , Sergio Fontes , told a news conference that the death toll could rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the scale of the rebellion sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs .
Fontes told reporters that several of the dead had their decapitated bodies thrown over the prison wall - and that most of those killed came from one gang .
`` This was another chapter in the silent and ruthless war of drug trafficking , '' they said .
Pedro Florencio , the Amazonas state prison secretary , said that the massacre was a `` revenge killing '' that formed part of an ongoing feud between criminal gangs in Brazil .
The riot began late Sunday and was brought under control by around 7 a.m. on Monday , Fontes said . Authorities were still counting the prisoners to determine how many had escaped , they added , with reports that up to 300 fled .
Just as the riot began in one unit of the Anisio Jobim prison complex , dozens of prisoners in the second unit started a mass escape in what authorities said was a coordinated effort to distract guards .
Overcrowding is extremely common in Brazil 's prisons , which suffer endemic violence and what rights group call medieval conditions with cells so crowded prisoners have no space to lie down and food is scarce .
The Anisio Jobim prison complex currently houses 2,230 inmates despite having a capacity of only 590 .
Watchdog groups sharply criticize Brazil for its prisons where deadly riots routinely break out .
`` These massacres occur almost daily in Brazil , '' said Father Valdir Silveira , director of Pastoral Carceraria , a Catholic center that monitors prison conditions in Brazil . `` Our prisons were built to annihilate , torture and kill . ''
The violence was the latest clash between inmates aligned with the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command drug gang , Brazil 's most powerful , and a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family .
The Manaus-based gang is widely believed to be attacking PCC inmates at the behest of the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command drug gang , Brazil 's second largest .
Security analysts have said that a truce that held for years between the PCC and CV was broken last year , resulting in months of deadly prison battles between the gangs and sparking fears that chaos will spread to other prisons .
In the latest riot , a group of inmates exchanged gunfire with police and held 12 prison guards hostage late on Sunday in the largest prison in Manaus , an industrial city on the banks of the Amazon River , Globo TV reported .
Fontes said that 74 prisoners were taken hostage during the riot , with some executed and some released .
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other inmates milled about .
Brazil 's prison system is precariously overcrowded and conditions in many institutions are horrific . That has sparked a rash of deadly riots in recent years .
Sunday 's riot was the deadliest in years . A 1992 rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state saw 111 inmates killed , nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail .
Maria Canineu , director of Human Rights Watch for Brazil , said the most recent violence was the result of `` no government in 20 years giving much attention to the penitentiary system . ''
Canineu said that for years it 's been very difficult for states to receiving any funding help from the federal government for prisons .
President Michel Temer announced last week that the federal government would furnish states with $ 366 million , mostly to improve infrastructure and security in existing prisons and to build new ones .
( AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel ) . On this Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 , photo , Donna Terrell of KLRT in Little Rock , Ark. , speaks about the exposure from an annual `` Babe Bracket '' competition conducted by a radio station and sponsored by a lingerie shop , in which l ...
( AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel ) . On this Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 , photo , Stephanie Sharp prepares to anchor a newscast on KARK-TV in Little Rock , Ark . Sharp says an annual `` Babe Bracket '' competition conducted by a radio station and sponsored by a lingerie sh ...
( AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel ) . Morning radio show hosts David Bazzel , Roger Scott and Tommy Smith pose for a photo outside a lingerie shop in Little Rock , Ark. , where they hosted their show for KABZ-FM on Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . Last year , the shop sponsore ...
By KELLY P. KISSEL
Associated Press
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( AP ) - An effort is underway to stop a Little Rock radio station 's annual `` Babe Bracket , '' which allows listeners to vote on 16 local female television anchors in a beauty and popularity contest sponsored by a lingerie shop .
A TV station news director who once supported the contest wrote in a blog post Thursday that it was time to end the competition , which is modeled after the NCAA men 's basketball tournament known as `` March Madness . ''
They and some listeners to the morning call-in radio show say the contest , which started in 1997 , does n't acknowledge the women 's professional accomplishments and wrongly concentrates on their attractiveness and personality . Others say there 's nothing wrong with it .
The contest begins each March with 16 women in eight pairs . Listeners to a KABZ show titled `` The Show With No Name '' vote on which women they like best . Eventually , 15 are eliminated . Past winners have received a crown and flowers .
Stephanie Sharp , an anchor at KARK television , said that amid an international backlash against sexual harassment , the contest is outdated .
`` I know it 's all in good fun and no one is hurt , but it 's 2018 . It 's not how we 're supposed to be comparing professional women , '' they said . `` And it 's sponsored by a lingerie shop . It kind of tells you what they 're going for . ''
Host David Bazzel , a former University of Arkansas football player , said they typically build the bracket with anchors who have appeared on the show to promote their journalism or local charities .
`` It does raise their visibility in the market . They 're savvy enough to know that it helps cross-promote what they do , '' said Bazzel , who with their two counterparts hosted Friday 's show at the lingerie shop that sponsored last year 's Babe Bracket .
A former winner of the contest says they do n't have a problem with it .
`` If the Babe Bracket helps me promote things that are important to me , I would say , 'Sign me up every year , ' '' said Donna Terrell , a KLRT anchor who has used their appearances to tout a charity they set up to fight colon cancer , which took their daughter 's life .
KARK 's news director , Austin Kellerman , went on the radio station two years ago to promote one of their journalists when they were a Babe Bracket finalist . Their blog post calling for it to end has prompted two days of conversation around the city . They will let their journalists decide for themselves if they 'll take part this year .
Bazzel said Kellerman 's complaint rang hollow because television is based on attractive people
`` It 's a little hypocritical for news directors to say we 're objectifying women when you look at how they 're hiring who 's going to be their news anchors , '' they said .
Bazzel said the hosts intend to run the contest again , though the decision has n't been cleared through station management . They said if the contest is held and a woman asks to be left off the bracket they would respect them wishes .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
STANFORD , Calif. — Arizona coach Sean Miller delivered an obvious reminder to their team before its game Sunday against Stanford .
“ Coach told us ahead of time do n't forget we have the size advantage , ” said 6-foot-11 sophomore backup Chance Comanche . “ It started to wear and tear on them and eventually it overpowered them . ”
The No . 18 Wildcats ( 13-2 , 2-0 Pac-12 ) were simply too big for the Cardinal , winning 91-52 to complete a weekend road sweep to open Pac-12 Conference play .
The Wildcats ' three big men made 15 of their first 17 shots and combined to score 44 points as Arizona beat the Cardinal for the 14th straight time .
“ The game plan was feed the bigs . They shot 80 percent from the field , so that was amazing , ” said first-year student guard Rawle Alkins , who scored 19 points .
Junior center Dusan Ristic of Serbia scored 16 points on 7-for-10 shooting and fellow 7-footer Lauri Markannen , a first-year student from Finland , scored 15 points , including 3-for-3 from the 3-point arc .
Comanche made their first five attempts and wound up with 13 points and 10 rebounds as the Arizona three big men shot 16 for 20 from the field .
“ The production we 're getting from that group on offense , defense and rebounding gives us a lot of firepower , ” Miller said of their big men . “ I think we can play a lot of different styles . ”
gallery : College basketball cheerleaders : 2016-17
Arizona shot 62.5 percent for the game , which left Stanford coach Jarod Haase frustrated . The Cardinal ( 8-6 , 0-2 ) gave up 189 points in two games to open the conference schedule .
“ We 're struggling in a lot of ways . Against Arizona it was exposed even more , because they do throw the basketball inside , ” Haase said . “ The post defense , we tried to double early on , and they scored eight quick points off of that . Our interior play and interior defense should be a strength of our team , and today it was not . ”
Stanford shot 34 percent , including 23 percent in the second half . Reid Travis , the Cardinal 's 6-8
power forward , was held to 11 points — seven under their season average — before fouling out .
“ There 's a lot that went wrong in this game , ” Travis said . “ ” Ultimately , it was n't our offense that lost this game . It was our D . ”
BIG PICTURE
Arizona point guard Parker Jackson-Cartwright , in just their second game back after missing six with a high ankle sprain they suffered Nov. 30 against Texas Southern , shot 0-for-4 but dished a game-high six assists in 22 minutes off the bench . They give Arizona one more weapon on offense , especially as a facilitator for the team 's big men .
FROSH TRIO
Arizona freshmen Alkins ( 19 points ) , Kobi Simmons ( 15 ) and Markannen ( 15 ) each maintained their double-digit scoring averages . The Wildcats and Auburn are the only two Division I teams in the country whose three leading scorers are freshmen , all averaging at least 10 points .
VISITOR CHANT
Several times Sunday a vocal Arizona fan contingent at Maples Pavilion delivered loud chants of “ U of A ! ” The home crowd never effectively answered . “ It 's tough , ” Stanford guard Dorian Pickens said . “ When we 're able to get things going on our side , and start putting some wins up , that wo n't happen . ”
UP NEXT
Arizona returns home for a Thursday matchup against Utah . The Wildcats lost a road game to the Utes in their only matchup a year ago , snapping a 12-game win streak in the series . Utah ( 10-3 ) opened Pac-12 play Sunday with a 76-60 win over Colorado .
The drug fueling America 's unprecedented overdose crisis is available to mail-order directly from China by logging online . Fentanyl , a synthetic opioid that 's 50 times more powerful than heroin , can be found using a simple internet search .
The ease with which the drug can be ordered online by Americans is difficult for law enforcement officials to combat .
`` They can order from China and they 'll mail it to your house , ” said Montgomery County Ohio Sheriff Phil Plummer , whose jurisdiction is the overdose capital of America according to local officials . Chinese companies sell the drug as a “ research chemical ” and constantly change its composition to avoid authorities .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Deadly Drug Fentanyl is Being Bought Online 4:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nearly 35,000 Americans died of heroin or opioid overdoses in 2015 , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse . The death rate of synthetic opioids , which includes fentanyl , rose more than 72 % from 2014 to 2015 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
President Donald Trump has said battling the opioid epidemic is a major piece of their administration , and on Tuesday held a briefing on the topic at their New Jersey golf club . The president alluded to the mail-order threat , something that will not be stopped by their administration 's proposed border wall .
`` We 're also very , very tough on the Southern border where much of this comes in , ” the president said , `` and we 're talking to China , where certain forms of human-made drug comes in and it is bad . ”
Attempting to order fentanyl online from China came with a dose of customer service — complete with smiley face emoticons and an explanation of paying with bitcoin . NBC News did not go through with the purchase of the drug , but the Drug Enforcement Agency says mainland Chinese companies are known to manufacture and distribute fentanyl and other illegal drugs using e-commerce .
Efforts have been made by the U.S. government to screen for the drug in the mail , and legislation has been introduced to make detection of fentanyl easier abroad and domestically . The President 's Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis has recommended making fentanyl production and distribution `` a top tier diplomatic issue with the Chinese. ” Chinese officials maintain their country is not to blame for the death toll in the United States .
Yu Haibin , a director at China 's Narcotics Control Bureau , said “ you ca n't just solely blame China for Fentanyl 's abuse. ” Yu claims the country is ahead of the United States in outlawing analogues of the drug , and insists their nation is working with the United States as the drug continues to flood American streets .
`` We hope to set up forums , to share intelligence and information , and case cooperation and solve the drug crime fundamentally with international cooperation . ''
If your Google Wifi seems to be looking a bit blue these days — as in , the light is stuck blue — you might want to check to see if it 's still actually functioning . The current build for it ( 9202.35.8 ) seems to be causing issues for some users .
You probably know if you 've been affected since , well , your Google Wifi wo n't be working . Other means of detection and confirmation manifest themselves via a steady blue light on the primary hub , at which point the satellite hubs may start to flash orange signifying a disconnect of the primary hub . In the meantime it seems that restarting that primary hub fixes the issue , but only temporarily .
To be very clear , this is not a universal problem . It could be related to the latest build ( 9202.35.8 ) . Even then , not all users are reporting this , and the precise nature of the cause has not been reported . But , a reasonably large number of individuals on Google 's forums have been experiencing this particular issue .
Google has responded on the forum with some information , reassurance , and instructions for those affected , saying , `` Our team is still looking into this and working hard on getting a fix out -- we aim to have it out as soon as possible . '' More information for those who find they may be experiencing this problem is available below :
The engineering team is still working on a final fix for this issue . However , over the past few days our support team has seen two workarounds that make help resolve the issue temporarily until the fix is released . These have worked in a few cases , and may be worth a try . 1 . Attempt to setup GWifi from scratch using a different owner account . This can mean creating a new Google account , or using a family member 's Google account to setup the Google Wifi devices through the GW app . 2 . Disconnect wireless Windows 10 devices or Xbox devices ( or connect them via ethernet instead ) . There have been a few cases in which disconnecting any Windows 10 devices or Xbox devices has brought the Google Wifi network back up again without crashes . You can also reach out to our support team ( g.co/wificare or wifica ... @ google.com ) , who will be able to provide more deep-dive troubleshooting advice based on the topography of your network . As always , thank you for your patience while we work on this issue .
Both of the potential fixes at this time seem a bit unfortunate ; neither having to switch to a new Google account nor giving up using a Windows 10 device sound very great , but hopefully Google will have things solved quickly .
North Carolina Sen. Thom Tillis and the state 's Republican Party paid $ 345,000 to a data company that is now under scrutiny for its use of personal information about Facebook users .
Cambridge Analytica used the personal Facebook data of more than 50 million users , acquired through a third party , to create profiles of prospective voters and “ microtarget ” persuasive voting messages to them , according to a whistleblower who told their story to The Guardian and The New York Times .
Cambridge Analytica also worked for the Donald Trump campaign , earning more than $ 5.9 million in 2016 according to Federal Election Commission filings , and for the “ Brexit ” campaign in the United Kingdom .
Two years earlier , the data company helped Tillis , a Republican , defeat Democratic incumbent Kay Hagan by 1.7 points . It was at the time the most expensive U.S. Senate race in history with total spending of more than $ 121 million .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
Cambridge Analytica put a page about Tillis ' race on its website , touting its work and listing the race as a case study .
“ Our telecanvassing program contacted 123,138 individuals , resulting in an increase in turnout of 12.57 % among those called , which is equivalent to over 15,478 voters , ” Cambridge Analytica says .
Tillis won by 48,511 votes .
Cambridge Analytica 's data told Tillis to highlight Hagan 's absences on the Senate Armed Services Committee to reach a certain group of voters . Tillis hammered Hagan in ads and debates on their absences and the rise of ISIS and jumped on their acknowledgement that they skipped a national security meeting to attend a fundraiser .
“ We were able to design and deploy messages tailored to these audiences according to their particular psychographic profiles . This was done through a telecanvassing program and a large scale direct mail campaign that demonstrably increased their likelihood of voting , and voting Republican , ” Cambridge Analytica said on its site .
Tillis ' campaign committee paid the firm $ 10,000 on Oct. 21 , 2014 , and $ 20,000 on Nov. 6 , 2014 . It made four payments of $ 25,000 throughout 2015 to Cambridge Analytica , according to FEC filings . The payments were for “ microtargeting . ”
Tillis declined to answer questions about Cambridge Analytica on Capitol Hill on Monday evening . Tillis campaign consultant Paul Shumaker would not comment for this story .
“ It gives you an edge in increasing the probability that voters would pay attention to your message , ” Shumaker said of Cambridge Analytica 's work for the campaign in an interview with Bloomberg in 2015 .
Steve Bannon , later a top aide to Trump , formerly served as the vice president of Cambridge Analytica and billionaire GOP donor Robert Mercer funded it , the Guardian reported .
Facebook banned Cambridge Analytica from its site Friday and said that a Cambridge University professor “ passed data from an app ” to Cambridge Analytica in violation of Facebook 's policies . The information was legally obtained by the app from its users , Facebook said .
The app paid users to take a personality test , the Guardian reported , but also collected data on those users ' Facebook friends .
The professor also works at St. Petersburg State University and received grants from Russia .
“ In 2014 we received Facebook data and derivatives of Facebook data from another company , ( app maker ) GSR , that we engaged in good faith to legally supply data for research . After it subsequently became known that GSR had broken its contract with Cambridge Analytica because it had not adhered to data protection regulation , Cambridge Analytica deleted all the Facebook data and derivatives , in cooperation with Facebook , ” Cambridge Analytica said in a statement .
Facebook is investigating Cambridge Analytica 's claims that all the data was deleted , the social media giant said .
“ This Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign ; personality targeted advertising was not carried out for this client either . The company has made this clear since 2016 . ”
The North Carolina Republican Party paid Cambridge Analytica $ 215,000 in 2014 and 2015 , according to the Federal Elections Commission . The payments were “ microtargeting consulting fees . ”
Dallas Woodhouse , the NC GOP 's executive director , said the company was one of many hired to work on direct mail . Woodhouse said they could not find a contract the party signed with the company .
Cambridge Analytica did not do social media work for the party , said Woodhouse , who was hired as state executive director in September 2015 .
Even though federal filings show a June 2015 payment to the company of more than $ 57,000 , Woodhouse said the company 's work for the party ended with the 2014 election cycle .
“ There are no plans to use them again , ” they said .
Rep. Patrick McHenry , a Republican from Denver in western North Carolina , paid Cambridge Analytica $ 15,000 for “ polling and research ” work in 2014 , according to FEC filings . A spokesperson for McHenry 's campaign could n't be reached Monday .
Wayne Goodwin , the chairperson of the North Carolina Democratic Party , said the reports about Cambridge Analytica make them “ wonder whether North Carolina was used as a trial run in 2014 . ”
Goodwin is also concerned about Russian ties to those involved in handling the data .
“ Given we 're talking about foreign intervention in our national and state elections , it would seem highly reasonable for anybody to avoid using Cambridge Analytica , ” they said . “ There are too many unanswered questions , too much we do n't know yet . ”
Ben Wieder of McClatchyDC contributed to this report .
Last week Uber announced that was launching an in-app chat-service to let drivers and passengers better communicate . This week it 's revealed that a bunch more driver features are on the way - including tipping .
Tipping first came to Uber nearly two months ago , in response to driver backlash against how it operates . From tomorrow in-app tipping will go live in the UK , letting Uber users tip their drivers or UberEATS delivery-people .
Other features coming to the ride-hailing service include paid waiting time , which charges passengers an extra 20p a minute if the driver has to wait more than two minutes at the pick-up point . This is to ensure drivers do n't unnecessarily sit around waiting for passengers , losing money in the progress . This logic has also reduced the charge-free cancellation time from five minutes down to two . The only exception to this is if the driver is running more than five minutes late . Both of these will arrive on 22nd August .
In addition to these drivers will be getting more choice over their passengers with the 'no thanks ' button , and the option to stop receiving pick-up requests from UberX , UberXL , or UberEXEC if that 's what they want . An added bonus is 'Driver Destinations ' , designed for drivers needing to head to specific area for whatever reason ( like a doctor 's appointment ) letting them match up with passengers going the same way .
Finally Uber is rolling out changes to the rating system , making it fairer for drivers given low ratings for problems beyond their control . These ratings will be removed from the overall rating , which Uber hopes will offer a more accurate view of the service each driver offers .
More Uber Posts :
MUMBAI : Indian musician Gladson Peter strums the ukulele while blowing into a harmonica and smashing a cymbal using their foot as children from one of Asia 's biggest slums clap and cheer .
Peter , who can play 45 instruments , claims to be India 's only one-man band and enjoys something of a fan following for their renditions of popular songs , including Ed Sheeran hits .
The 24-year-old , a keen musician since the age of three , performs to raise awareness about the dangers of passive smoking after they lost part of a lung as a teenager .
“ My shows are the hook through which I share my messages that can change someone 's life . Many people have come up to me and apologized for tobacco consumption and have quit smoking , ” Peter told AFP .
At college in their late teens , two holes caused by tuberculosis were found in one of their lungs .
Peter feared that they would never play wind instruments again .
Doctors said the disease could be exacerbated by passive smoking . So last year they decided they would form a one-man band , playing 11 instruments , as part of their own anti-smoking awareness campaign .
“ We built the equipment in a week , rather miraculously , and I kickstarted my performances , ” said Peter , who has since played around 200 concerts across India .
The instruments in their repertoire include guitar , melodica , bass drum , slide whistle and tambourine .
They now play 13 at once using a kit that weighs around 25 kilograms , no mean feat given their weakened lungs .
“ Though I can not even run half a mile , my faith keeps me going and when I wear all the instruments and become the one-man band I feel empowered , ” they said .
MUMBAI : Indian musician Gladson Peter strums the ukulele while blowing into a harmonica and smashing a cymbal using their foot as children from one of Asia 's biggest slums clap and cheer .
Peter , who can play 45 instruments , claims to be India 's only one-man band and enjoys something of a fan following for their renditions of popular songs , including Ed Sheeran hits .
The 24-year-old , a keen musician since the age of three , performs to raise awareness about the dangers of passive smoking after they lost part of a lung as a teenager .
“ My shows are the hook through which I share my messages that can change someone 's life . Many people have come up to me and apologized for tobacco consumption and have quit smoking , ” Peter told AFP .
At college in their late teens , two holes caused by tuberculosis were found in one of their lungs .
Peter feared that they would never play wind instruments again .
Doctors said the disease could be exacerbated by passive smoking . So last year they decided they would form a one-man band , playing 11 instruments , as part of their own anti-smoking awareness campaign .
“ We built the equipment in a week , rather miraculously , and I kickstarted my performances , ” said Peter , who has since played around 200 concerts across India .
The instruments in their repertoire include guitar , melodica , bass drum , slide whistle and tambourine .
They now play 13 at once using a kit that weighs around 25 kilograms , no mean feat given their weakened lungs .
“ Though I can not even run half a mile , my faith keeps me going and when I wear all the instruments and become the one-man band I feel empowered , ” they said .
Finals ' home and away draw to be live streamed
Before all eyes move to Budapest for the TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 draw on Tuesday ( 1pm ) , four other teams , who reached the finals in the other two European club competitions will learn whether they will host the first or the second leg of the final on 6/7 May respectively one week later .
The brief Women 's EHF Cup Final and Women 's Challenge Cup Final draw event will be streamed live on ehfTV youtube channel and EHF 's Facebook page .
In the premiere edition of the reformed Women 's EHF Cup Final after It 's merge with the Cup Winners ' Cup last summer Rostov-Don from Russia will take on SG BBM Bietigheim .
While the German side reached the final in their maiden European season , the Russian powerhouse made it all the way to the last two games of the season following a disappointing early exit in the Women 's EHF Champions League last autumn . Two years after they lost the old Women 's EHF Cup Final against Team Tvis Holstebro , Rostov has another shot at their first continental silverware .
Meanwhile , in the Women 's Challenge Cup Sweden 's H65 Höör can emulate their 2014 triumph in the same competition , when they beat Issy Paris in the final just on the away goals rule . HC Lokomotiva Zagreb returned to the European final nearly after two decades after their two vain attempts in the Women 's Cup Winners ' Cup in 1995/96 and 1997/98 .
TEXT :
Wrigley Field Anna Hoychuk/Shutterstock Home of the reigning world champion Chicago Cubs , Wrigley Field offers plenty of healthy meal choices , such as chopped salads , veggie dogs and veggie burgers , and a tempeh barbecue sandwich . For the baseball fan who 's also a gourmet , tasty meal options include a chicken breast sandwich with Asian slaw , or barbacoa tacos on corn tortillas with pickled onions and avocado . Snacks round out the long game with nuts and a unique kefir starfruit frozen treat . But the health conscious should steer clear of the famous cheese-laden Chicago-style pizzas and endless variety of high fat sausage sandwiches . Overindulged ? Check out these Home of the reigning world champion Chicago Cubs , Wrigley Field offers plenty of healthy meal choices , such as chopped salads , veggie dogs and veggie burgers , and a tempeh barbecue sandwich . For the baseball fan who 's also a gourmet , tasty meal options include a chicken breast sandwich with Asian slaw , or barbacoa tacos on corn tortillas with pickled onions and avocado . Snacks round out the long game with nuts and a unique kefir starfruit frozen treat . But the health conscious should steer clear of the famous cheese-laden Chicago-style pizzas and endless variety of high fat sausage sandwiches . Overindulged ? Check out these fat-burning workouts
Dodger Stadium yasuhiro amano/Shutterstock The Los Angeles Dodgers organization offers up innovative healthy food options from around the world . For your consideration : The tuna poke bowl ( Ahi tuna , rice , edamame , cucumber , carrots , wakame , sesame seeds and ponzu sauce ) , teriyaki chicken , Vietnamese rice noodle bowl , Mediterranean quinoa salad , strawberry and beet salad , and grilled vegetable flatbread . Veering into foul territory : The Dodger Burger ( 1/3 pound Angus beef patty with caramelized onions , beer-batter fried jalapeños , BBQ sauce AND a Dodger Dog loaded onto a burger bun ) is certain to bust your waist line . Tack on a dessert of deep-fried Oreos or Twinkies and you may need to be carried out of the place . ( These are The Los Angeles Dodgers organization offers up innovative healthy food options from around the world . For your consideration : The tuna poke bowl ( Ahi tuna , rice , edamame , cucumber , carrots , wakame , sesame seeds and ponzu sauce ) , teriyaki chicken , Vietnamese rice noodle bowl , Mediterranean quinoa salad , strawberry and beet salad , and grilled vegetable flatbread . Veering into foul territory : The Dodger Burger ( 1/3 pound Angus beef patty with caramelized onions , beer-batter fried jalapeños , BBQ sauce AND a Dodger Dog loaded onto a burger bun ) is certain to bust your waist line . Tack on a dessert of deep-fried Oreos or Twinkies and you may need to be carried out of the place . ( These are nine moments that changed baseball history . )
Fenway Park Foodio/Shutterstock The Boston Red Sox offer a few decent noshing choices at Fenway Park , including a build-your-own vegetable salad and fruit bar , grilled surf and turf kebabs , and veggie burgers . Be wary of Fenway 's take on a Canadian treat : The lobster poutine is a pile of steak fries covered in lobster , cheese curds , bisque , and chives . Needless to say , the fried potatoes with fried cheese covered in high-fat gravy drowns out any healthy fats you might get from the shellfish . The Boston Red Sox offer a few decent noshing choices at Fenway Park , including a build-your-own vegetable salad and fruit bar , grilled surf and turf kebabs , and veggie burgers . Be wary of Fenway 's take on a Canadian treat : The lobster poutine is a pile of steak fries covered in lobster , cheese curds , bisque , and chives . Needless to say , the fried potatoes with fried cheese covered in high-fat gravy drowns out any healthy fats you might get from the shellfish .
Content continues below ad
Globe Life Park Odua Images/Shutterstock Texas does everything bigger , right ? ! And the Texas Rangers are no exception . At Globe Life Park , you can enjoy black bean tamales ( and Texas does everything bigger , right ? ! And the Texas Rangers are no exception . At Globe Life Park , you can enjoy black bean tamales ( and check out how healthy those beans can be ) or Mediterranean nachos , which are relatively healthy for ballpark fare . Vegan burgers and hot dogs , a variety of salads , and veggie snack cups are available for the truly health-conscious baseball fans . Or you could embrace the Texas ethic and gorge on the MVT ( Most Valuable Tamale ) —a two-foot long tamale stuffed with a 1-pound hot dog . Just do n't be tempted to finish the game off with the Texas Snow ball—a mound of brisket , battered with funnel cake batter , deep-fried and topped with powdered sugar . It 's like a meal and dessert rolled into a not-so-neat , high-calorie package .
Minute Maid Park NC 1/Shutterstock The Houston Astros play here and folks who attend their games are treated to some lighter ballpark fare , such as grilled beef and veggie kebabs , seared tuna over steamed fresh spinach , chicken fajitas and vegetables , or a Mediterranean chopped salad . On the flip side , the Astros offer their fans the Crown Maple barbecue burger—a burger with whiskey-barbecue sauce , pepper bacon , fried onions , cheddar , lettuce , tomato served on a Challah roll ) . For a strange twist , a sweet waffle cone stuffed with mashed potatoes and fried chicken is topped with honey mustard . Steer clear of this bizarre meal-dessert hybrid . The Houston Astros play here and folks who attend their games are treated to some lighter ballpark fare , such as grilled beef and veggie kebabs , seared tuna over steamed fresh spinach , chicken fajitas and vegetables , or a Mediterranean chopped salad . On the flip side , the Astros offer their fans the Crown Maple barbecue burger—a burger with whiskey-barbecue sauce , pepper bacon , fried onions , cheddar , lettuce , tomato served on a Challah roll ) . For a strange twist , a sweet waffle cone stuffed with mashed potatoes and fried chicken is topped with honey mustard . Steer clear of this bizarre meal-dessert hybrid .
Chase Field Nataliya Arzamasova/Shutterstock The Arizona Diamondbacks rely on their southwestern locale to influence their menu . Chase Field sells healthier versions of classic ballpark burgers with a spicy twist : the Sonoran Vegan Burger topped with guacamole , vegan pepper jack cheese , vegan chipotle mayo and soy chorizo . ( By the way , do n't miss these The Arizona Diamondbacks rely on their southwestern locale to influence their menu . Chase Field sells healthier versions of classic ballpark burgers with a spicy twist : the Sonoran Vegan Burger topped with guacamole , vegan pepper jack cheese , vegan chipotle mayo and soy chorizo . ( By the way , do n't miss these vegan comfort foods everyone will love . ) Looking for the dark side of nutrition ? They offer an 18-inch chicken enchilada dog ( enough for about 4 adults ) , which includes chicken sausage , queso blanco , enchilada sauce , sour cream , pico de gallo stuffed into a super-sized hot dog bun . The `` meat-with-dessert '' theme is alive and well at Chase Field : You can get a funnel cake fried chicken sandwich that uses funnel cakes as the bun , and it 's topped with strawberry jam , maple syrup and powdered sugar . If that 's not enough dessert for you , try the churro dog – a cinnamon churro sandwiched into a chocolate glazed donut for a bun , topped with three scoops of frozen yogurt , whipped cream , caramel and chocolate sauce . Yikes . Want a sense of how long it will take to work that off
Content continues below ad
Camden Yards Brent Hofacker/Shutterstock The inviting home of the Baltimore Orioles boasts that its chicken sandwiches , burgers , and beefsteak tomato sandwiches are made without artificial flavors , hormones or antibiotics . Turkey or veggie burgers also appear throughout the ballpark . On the flip side , we find the bacon pork rind chipper—fried pork rinds topped with cheese sauce , diced bacon , shredded cheddar , sour cream and scallions . So many high calorie ingredients in just one dish . Or , unique combinations of foods such as the Mac & Cheese Twister—macaroni and cheese topped with a choice of crab , buffalo chicken or pulled pork in a twisted bread cone . Each of these foods on its own is n't horrible ; put them together and your 7th inning stretch wo n't be pretty . The inviting home of the Baltimore Orioles boasts that its chicken sandwiches , burgers , and beefsteak tomato sandwiches are made without artificial flavors , hormones or antibiotics . Turkey or veggie burgers also appear throughout the ballpark . On the flip side , we find the bacon pork rind chipper—fried pork rinds topped with cheese sauce , diced bacon , shredded cheddar , sour cream and scallions . So many high calorie ingredients in just one dish . Or , unique combinations of foods such as the Mac & Cheese Twister—macaroni and cheese topped with a choice of crab , buffalo chicken or pulled pork in a twisted bread cone . Each of these foods on its own is n't horrible ; put them together and your 7inning stretch wo n't be pretty .
Coors Field Quadxeon/Shutterstock The Colorado Rockies menus detail a wide selection of fresh made salads , veggie dogs and veggie burgers , as well as a spicy chicken breast sandwich with Sriracha aioli , lettuce and tomato on jalapeño cheddar bread . Find gluten-free options as well : chicken sandwiches , burgers , and hot dogs . Beware the Colorado Queso Stak—a jumbo portion of waffle fries topped with house-made green chili queso , pork carnitas , freshly made pico de gallo , fresh-cut jalapeños and sour cream . For a calorie-bomb dessert , there 's the apple pie nachos , made of fried flour tortilla chips with cinnamon , caramel , apple pie filling , whipped cream and shredded cheddar cheese . The Colorado Rockies menus detail a wide selection of fresh made salads , veggie dogs and veggie burgers , as well as a spicy chicken breast sandwich with Sriracha aioli , lettuce and tomato on jalapeño cheddar bread . Find gluten-free options as well : chicken sandwiches , burgers , and hot dogs . Beware the Colorado Queso Stak—a jumbo portion of waffle fries topped with house-made green chili queso , pork carnitas , freshly made pico de gallo , fresh-cut jalapeños and sour cream . For a calorie-bomb dessert , there 's the apple pie nachos , made of fried flour tortilla chips with cinnamon , caramel , apple pie filling , whipped cream and shredded cheddar cheese .
Citizens Bank Park Brent Hofacker/Shutterstock Citizens Bank Park , where the Philadelphia Phillies play , boasts several Citizens Bank Park , where the Philadelphia Phillies play , boasts several nutritionally sound sandwich options from black bean burgers , garden burgers , grilled chicken sandwiches . Philly fans will find a specific gluten-free dedicated stand , as well as a variety of salads such as kale Caesar , chopped , and cobb . Take a pass on the Italian Roast Pork Stak ( French fried potatoes topped with roast pork , sharp Provolone cheese sauce , cherry pepper aioli and chopped roasted long hots ) , the hot dog topped with macaroni and cheese , and the chocolate peanut butter pie with Reese 's peanut butter cups . Your jeans will thank you .
Content continues below ad
Yankee Stadium Brent Hofacker/Shutterstock You either love 'em or hate 'em : The New York Yankees offer their fans Bison or veggie burgers , and the delicious crispy buffalo cauliflower bao for healthier choices . On the flip side , Yankee Stadium sells a giant one-pound rib and brisket sandwich that could feed at least three people ! You either love 'em or hate 'em : The New York Yankees offer their fans Bison or veggie burgers , and the delicious crispy buffalo cauliflower bao for healthier choices . On the flip side , Yankee Stadium sells a giant one-pound rib and brisket sandwich that could feed at least three people !
Busch Stadium julie deshaies/Shutterstock Menus at Busch Stadium , home of the St. Louis Cardinals , include perfectly healthy choices such as grilled mahi mahi tacos , build-your-own salad , and vegan or grilled chicken burgers . Fresh fruits are an optimal choice for snacking during an extra-innings game . To balance out the fare , check out the weighty Bavarian Stuffed Burger—a beef stuffed with macaroni and cheese , topped with bacon , and served on pretzel roll . Another example of combining multiple foods into one gut-busting dish . Menus at Busch Stadium , home of the St. Louis Cardinals , include perfectly healthy choices such as grilled mahi mahi tacos , build-your-own salad , and vegan or grilled chicken burgers . Fresh fruits are an optimal choice for snacking during an extra-innings game . To balance out the fare , check out the weighty Bavarian Stuffed Burger—a beef stuffed with macaroni and cheese , topped with bacon , and served on pretzel roll . Another example of combining multiple foods into one gut-busting dish .
Turner Field locrifa/Shutterstock A unique and lighter meal can be found at Turner Field , home of the Atlanta Braves . Consider the Cumberland Wrap—a whole wheat tortilla packed with roasted veggies , arugula , and balsamic vinegar aioli . Take a pass on their Burgerizza ( a bacon cheeseburger with two mini pepperoni pizzas as buns ) and the Tater Top Chop ( two waffles made from tater tots , with bacon , cheese , and Coca-Cola infused ketchup ) . A unique and lighter meal can be found at Turner Field , home of the Atlanta Braves . Consider the Cumberland Wrap—a whole wheat tortilla packed with roasted veggies , arugula , and balsamic vinegar aioli . Take a pass on their Burgerizza ( a bacon cheeseburger with two mini pepperoni pizzas as buns ) and the Tater Top Chop ( two waffles made from tater tots , with bacon , cheese , and Coca-Cola infused ketchup ) .
Content continues below ad
BEIRUT , Lebanon : Daesh militants said they have carried out a bomb attack on the Syrian coastal city of Tartous that Syrian state media said killed two security officers .
Daesh said in an online statement claiming the attack that two of its members detonated car bombs . It did not say whether they were suicide attackers or provide any further details .
Syrian state media said the attack , first reported early on Sunday , was carried out by two suicide bombers wearing explosives .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Leeds Rhinos chief executive Gary Hetherington has launched a scathing attack on the NRL for their approach to the annual World Club Series tournament – saying they do n't believe they think it is worthwhile .
The tournament , which is in just its third year of existence following its inception in 2015 , has been reduced to four teams this year and a two-game series .
But Hetherington has said that Super League 's efforts to enhance and grow the competition have simply not been reciprocated by their Australian counterparts .
“ The Super League has been consistent over the past 10 to 12 years to build and develop the World Club Challenge and World Club Series , ” they told the Sydney Morning Herald .
“ Those efforts have not been met with the desired response from the NRL .
“ Some NRL clubs have been very supportive and visionary but the NRL has not given the required attention to the World Club Challenge and World Club Series for it to maximise its potential .
“ The NRL does n't appear to think the World Club Series , in particular , is worthwhile or at least they have not made their position clear .
“ It takes two to tango . I do n't know what more Super League can do . ”
Pep Guardiola has hailed Kevin De Bruyne 's selfless contribution to Manchester City 's season .
Belgium international De Bruyne set up goals for Leroy Sané and Sergio Aguero in Saturday 's 3-0 Premier League win at Southampton , taking their assist tally to 13 in the top flight
De Bruyne played on the right-hand side of City 's attack at St Mary 's but has spent much of the season as one of two advanced central midfielders alongside David Silva .
The 25-year-old has also played in deeper midfield positions , including on the left of a diamond , and was City 's most advanced attacker when Guardiola opted to pack central areas for the Champions League trip to Barcelona .
13 - Kevin De Bruyne has provided more assists than any other player in the Premier League this season ( two today ) . Wizard . — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) April 15 , 2017
The manager reported none of this has drawn any complaint from the club 's record signing , whose goal tally has suffered in comparison to their debut season in England
De Bruyne has five in all competitions ahead of this weekend 's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley , as opposed to 16 in 2015-16 , but Guardiola believes any drop-off from the former Wolfsburg star is as a result of them being overused .
`` You can not do that if you are not a good guy , you can not do that if you are not humble , you can not do that if you think just of yourself and not the team , '' they said of De Bruyne 's willingness to be versatile .
`` I have spoken many times with them about their favourite position . They said : 'It does n't matter , I want to play . I adapt . '
`` With the quality of this player , how they run , how they fight… of course they have played a lot of minutes and they were a little bit down recently in terms of missing a lot of easy balls , but that is because they have a lot of minutes in their legs .
`` That 's where we have missed [ Ilkay ] Gundogan a lot and it is my mistake not to give more minutes to Fabian Delph , for example .
`` Of course , they are an important player for us . In the last metres they are a guy who creates more . We can not forget they made seven or eight posts . We had 18 posts this season , seven or eight from Kevin De Bruyne . We are a little bit unlucky .
`` But they give us a lot . They are a fantastic player . ''
By contrast , De Bruyne 's countryman Vincent Kompany has again spent much of the season on the sidelines through injury .
But City 's captain marked their fourth Premier League start this term with the opening goal and an exuberant celebration , while they were also the kind of reassuring presence at centre-back Guardiola has largely lacked during their time in charge .
`` I would have been done and dusted if I needed time to adapt , '' Kompany told reporters when asked about their capacity to hit the ground running after a lay-off .
`` I have been lucky I can make use of a tremendous amount of experience .
`` Where I am at physically does not matter . I know what I have to do and , as long as I can organise the people around , I can always get a performance . ''
Lagos polls : PDP faction in alliance with Labour Party
The Moshood Salvador-led faction of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) in Lagos State has announced an alliance with the Labour Party ( LP ) for the July 22 council polls .
Salvador , who belongs to the Ahmed Makarfi faction of the PDP , made the announcement at a news conference in Lagos on Wednesday .
They said that the alliance was a temporary arrangement and that all PDP candidates for the polls would contest on the LP platform .
Salvador said that the decision was borne of out the inability of their faction and the Segun Adewale-led faction of the PDP to reach a consensus for the polls .
They said that the alliance became necessary as their faction , which they claimed represented over 90 percent of the PDP in the state , was denied participation in the polls , following the recognition of the Adewale-led faction by the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission ( LASIEC ) .
Salvador said that the alliance did not mean that their faction had left the PDP . According to him , the arrangement would be temporary .
“ What we are announcing today is alliance with Labour Party to enable our candidates to participate in the elections .
“ Political alliance is an agreement for co-operation between political parties on common agenda , often for the purpose of contesting elections .
“ This alliance does not mean we are leaving the party . We are PDP anytime .
“ We only have a pre-election alliance . This is not the first time we are having such in the country 's political history , '' they said .
Salvador appealed to PDP lovers and sympathisers in the state to vote for PDP-LP alliance through LP .
“ Again , it is alliance . We have not defected to another party ; we have not declared for another party and we have not dumped the PDP , ” they said .
They said that the alliance had made the Labour Party platform to have 342 councillorship candidates and 52 chairpersonship candidates for the polls .
Salvador directed all candidates under the arrangement to start pasting their posters and educate the electorate on the alliance and how they could vote .
They directed all the faction 's PDP executives in council areas to work closely with candidates of the LP for success at the polls .
The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) reports that the PDP in Lagos State is factionalised along Makarfi/Ali-Modu Sheriff national PDP leadership tussle .
The Appeal Court ruled that Sheriff is the PDP party 's National Chairman . Markarfi 's appeal against the judgment is pending at the Supreme Court .
LASIEC recognised only the Adewale faction of the Lagos State PDP for the council polls based on the Appeal Court judgment .
Reacting to the alliance , Adewale , who belongs to the Sheriff-led faction , described the step as unfortunate and uncalled for . They told the NAN on telephone that the decision of Salvador to take PDP members to LP , after aspirants obtained nomination forms on the platform of PDP , was an anti-party activity .
Adewale claimed that their faction made efforts to accommodate the other faction but Salvador frustrated the moves .
The factional chairperson urged Salvador to return to the legally recognised authorities , the money their faction realised from sale of nomination forms to aspirants on the platform of PDP .
They said that they would set up a disciplinary committee to probe the alliance and mete out sanctions to anybody found culpable .
“ How can you buy nomination forms on the platform of PDP and defect to Labour Party for the elections . It is a clear illegal act .
“ We can not fold our hands and watch this illegality unchallenged . Any member that is found culpable by this committee will be dealt with in accordance with the party 's constitution , ” they told NAN .
Adewale urged PDP members to embark on a massive membership drive for success at the polls .
NAN reports that LASIEC has fixed July 22 for the council polls , and July 29 for run-off .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption HMP Leicester opened in 1828 with a capacity for 214 inmates
A new smoking ban , psychoactive drugs and influx of younger prisoners have fuelled an increase in violence at a jail , prison bosses say .
Despite improvements at the overcrowded HMP Leicester , inspectors found an increase in violence .
At the time of an unannounced visit by the prisons watchdog the jail had 308 inmates - about 100 more than it was designed for .
The prison service said it would `` continue to prioritise safety '' .
Since a 2015 report declared the prison unsafe , violence had stabilised or decreased in 2016 , but rose dramatically last summer before a further surge in November , the report found .
'Threat to stability '
HM Inspectorate of Prisons said : `` Managers attributed this rise to a combination of the smoking ban , an influx of younger prisoners from HMP Glen Parva and the influence of new psychoactive drugs . ''
While `` drugs and psychoactive substances remained a threat to the stability of the prison '' there was evidence the jail was trying to address this , it added .
Peter Clarke , HM Chief Inspector of Prisons , said : `` In 2015 , we reported on a prison we considered unsafe .
`` It remained the case that Leicester was still not safe enough , but it is right to acknowledge that the governor and their staff were showing considerable determination in trying to make the situation better .
`` The theme of this inspection , and the word we repeatedly return to , is improvement . ''
After the inspection in 2015 , 70 recommendations were made . The prison had achieved 31 of those , partially achieved eight and not achieved 29 . Two were no longer relevant .
Prison Service chief Michael Spurr said : `` Significant work has been done to improve safety and conditions at HMP Leicester and I 'm pleased that the progress made has been highlighted in this report .
`` The prison will continue to prioritise safety but will also seek to improve education and employment outcomes in line with the new strategy launched by the Secretary of State for Justice last week . ''
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face , one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Photo
Mario Batali , the chef and restaurant owner , is stepping away from the daily operations of their businesses and the daytime program they co-host on ABC , “ The Chew , ” after reports of alleged sexual misconduct .
A report published Monday on Eater , the food website , said four women have alleged that Mr. Batali touched them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that appears to span at least two decades . Three of the women worked for Mr. Batali in some capacity during their careers , and the fourth worked in the restaurant industry , Eater reported .
Mr. Batali , in a statement sent to The New York Times by their representative , said the accusations “ match up ” with ways they have behaved :
I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt . Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behavior described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family . I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed . For this reason , I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses . We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge , but I took that too far in my own behavior . I wo n't make that mistake again . I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there . I know my actions have disappointed many people . The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team . The failures are mine alone . To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family , my partners , my employees , my friends , my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust . I will spend the next period of time trying to do that .
It was not immediately clear how long Mr. Batali planned to stay away from theirs businesses .
Eater also quoted a statement from ABC , later provided to The Times , which said that the network had asked Mr. Batali , who has been on “ The Chew ” since 2011 , to step away “ while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention . ”
“ ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment . While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct , ” the statement said .
The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group , the restaurant-management services company that provides support to around 24 restaurants owned by , among others , Mr. Batali and Joe Bastianich , said that in October 2017 an employee from one of those restaurants reported inappropriate behavior by Mr. Batali . The company could not be immediately reached .
If you want to share information about sexual harassment in a restaurant , please contact our tip line : nytimes.com/tips
Image caption A nearby alleyway was closed as part of the investigation in the death of Lee Evans , 47
A 15-year-old boy , arrested on suspicion a murdering a man , has been released on bail .
Lee Evans , 47 , was stabbed in Cromar Way , Chelmsford , just before 01:00 BST on 22 June and died a short time later in hospital .
The boy , arrested on Tuesday , has been released on bail until 26 July .
A 19-year-old man , from Chelmsford , arrested in connection with Mr Evans ' death , was arrested on Friday and released on bail on Monday .
They had been arrested on suspicion of murder , being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and possession of cannabis .
Detectives continue to appeal for witnesses .
Four people arrested on suspicion of murder on 22 June were released from custody the next day .
Three men , aged 40 , 53 and 59 , and a 53-year-old woman , faced no further action based on the evidence currently available , police said .
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Former Boston Globe journalist Marie Campagna Franklin saved thousands of dollars with a simple trick : they tuck away every $ 5 bill they get back in change .
The Lasell College associate professor says it all started in 2005 while they were paying a toll on the Massachusetts Turnpike . They handed the toll worker a $ 20 bill , they recall , and they handed them back three $ 5 bills in change .
“ I took the money , I tucked it away , I put it inside a part of my wallet , and just left it there , ” Franklin told NBC News BETTER . “ And a couple of days later , the same thing happened . ”
They recall having about $ 35 in savings by the week 's end .
All you have to do is make two commitments : one is use more cash in your daily consumption , and two , tuck away every $ 5 [ bill ] that comes back as change . All you have to do is make two commitments : one is use more cash in your daily consumption , and two , tuck away every $ 5 [ bill ] that comes back as change .
“ Probably after two or three weeks of watching the fives grow , I thought ‘ Wow , that 's pretty good , it 's such a simple way to put money aside and it does n't hurt , ' ” they say .
At the time , Franklin and their husband were spending thousands of dollars a month on their children 's college tuition , they say .
“ It was a lot of money , ” says Franklin . “ I was feeling like , ‘ Oh my goodness , I 'm never going to have any extra money again , ' ” they say .
But after 13 years of pocketing $ 5 bills , Franklin no longer worries about money . They say the habit helped them save about $ 45,000 .
How it works
The “ Save Money Fast With Fives ” blogger says pocketing fives is an effective way to save because it 's easy .
“ All you have to do is make two commitments : one is use more cash in your daily consumption , and two , tuck away every $ 5 [ bill ] that comes back as change , and there 's nothing else you have to worry about , ” they say . “ It just adds up . ”
The blogger says they typically estimate how much money she 'll spend in a week on smaller purchases — about $ 100 . Then , she 'll withdraw that amount in $ 10 and $ 20 bills . When they use a $ 10 or $ 20 bill to buy something that costs $ 2.99 , for example , she 's almost guaranteed to get at least one $ 5 bill back .
“ I pay with a $ 10 bill , I get a $ 5 back , I tuck the $ 5 away , ” they say .
Once the fives become $ 100 , they say , they put the money into a savings account . When they have about $ 1,000 in the account , they put it into a certificate of deposit ( CD ) , they explain .
“ So , from the [ bank ] cashier 's hand , into my wallet , into the savings account , $ 1,000 up , then I take it out and reinvest it in something a little bit higher , ” says Franklin .
'Doing Does It '
If you want to get started with this simple way to save , Franklin 's advice is to “ just do it . ”
“ I had a friend years ago that used to say ‘ Doing does it , ' says Franklin . “ In other words , if you have an intention for something , you can sit there and worry about it forever , but if you just get up and do what it is you say you want to do , that sometimes is all you need . ”
How to get started :
Use cash : Estimate how much you spend on smaller purchases in a week and withdraw that amount in $ 20 and $ 10 bills . When you use the larger bills to make a purchase , you 're likely to get back at least one $ 5 bill .
Estimate how much you spend on smaller purchases in a week and withdraw that amount in $ 20 and $ 10 bills . When you use the larger bills to make a purchase , you 're likely to get back at least one $ 5 bill . Pocket your fives : Tuck away every $ 5 bill you get in change .
Tuck away every $ 5 bill you get in change . Put it in a savings account : Once you 've saved around $ 100 , put the money in a savings account .
Once you 've saved around $ 100 , put the money in a savings account . Invest : When your savings grows to around $ 1,000 , invest the money in an investment method of your choice and watch your money grow .
NEXT : How to create an emergency fund in 90 days
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
On 9/28/17 a Buick Century , Plate : ( WI ) 148TDV , VIN # 2G4WS52J911197467 , was impounded from Woodland North Apartments . Vehicle is being held at Froviks Towing : 1880 Radisson Rd NE , Blaine , MN .
Note : Failure of owner or lien holders to exercise their right to claim their vehicle within the appropriate time , constitutes a waiver by them of all rights , title , and interest in the vehicle . The vehicle will be auctioned off at 11:30am on October 21st , 2017
Published in the
Blaine/Spring Lake Park Life
October 6 , 13 , 20 , 2017
741822
4:47
Pro wrestling icon Ric Flair , on wrestling and baseball at Marlins Park
2:09
Justin Thomas wins PGA Championship at Quail Hollow : 'Most berserk I 've ever gone '
0:50
( Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP , Pool ) . In this May 25 , 2018 file photo , Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York .
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges , furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday 's indictment brings Weinstein `` another step closer to accountability '' for alleged attacks on two women in New York .
Weinstein 's lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said they would `` vigorously defend '' against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it . They called the allegations `` unsupported '' and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them .
The indictment came hours after Weinstein 's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there was n't enough time to prepare them and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
`` Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said .
Weinstein , 66 , learned of the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning themselves on Friday , according to their lawyers . Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not , prosecutors denied their request for more time .
Vance said the Weinstein camp 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ''
`` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand , '' Vance said in a statement .
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another . A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case , as it had been doing for weeks .
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Freed on $ 1 million bail and electronic monitoring , they are due back in court July 30 , though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment .
Beyond the two women involved in the case , dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear their name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case , former actor Lucia Evans , has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MTV 's Ex on the Beach is back for series six , where the guys and girls are single and ready to mingle . That is , until their exes arrive and threaten to spoil the pool party .
This season promises to introduce more exes than ever before , so expect a catfight or two . Before tonight 's premiere at 10pm , let 's meet the residents cohabiting a luxury villa on the Greek island of Crete .
Josh Ritchie
Josh Ritchie , 22 , is a real ladies ' man . They appeared on the 2015 series of Love Island and now that he 's joined Ex on the Beach , there 's only one thing on their mind…
They say , “ I 've never been in love before , but I 've made love to several girls at once . ”
They score themselves as a 10/10 for looks and he 's cocksure ( ahem ) that all the women on the beach will love him . We 'll just have to wait and see .
He 's also been linked to Celebrity Big Brother 's Stephanie Davis , who recently gave birth to a baby boy . The rumour mill has even speculated that Josh , rather than fellow CBB star Jeremy McConnell , could be the father .
Check out their Twitter and Instagram .
Maisie Gillespie
At the age of 20 , Maisie Gillespie is the youngest member of the show . She 's originally from Bristol and studies journalism and politics at Cardiff University .
Maisie has been the subject of a couple of headlines themselves as the former fling of Made in Chelsea 's Alex Mytton when they were still dating their ex Nicola Hughes .
They caused a stir when they featured in a Snapchat photo – barely clothed – taken by Love Island star Tom Powell . They met through their work , Climax Promotions , where she 's responsible for looking after celebrity guests . At the time , Tom was supposed to be dating their Love Island co-star Sophie Gradon .
Maisie says , “ I am very aware of being a posh tottie , but there 's more to me than wealth. ” They even own donkeys .
Check out their Twitter and Instagram .
Sean Pratt
If you have a quick snoop on Sean Pratt 's Instagram , you 'll quickly discover who caught their eye on Ex on the Beach . He 's now one half of a loved-up couple with a co-star from the show – even making them their Woman Crush Wednesday .
The 26-year-old former stripper and naked butler from Coventry has gone as far as having their name tattooed on their hand . It looks like things really are serious , then .
If you want to relish the drama of the journey , we recommend steering clear of social media .
They say , “ I like to think of myself as a modern day Jack Sparrow . I 'm just a pirate looking for my treasure . ”
Check out their Twitter and Instagram .
Harriette Harper
Harriette Harper , a 25-year-old glamour model from Essex , previously dated Pete Wicks from The Only Way Is Essex . Considering he 's still with Megan McKenna , who 's appeared on Ex on the Beach , we do n't think he 'll be jogging across the sand Baywatch-style anytime soon .
“ I 'm so sick of bad boys . I need a real man . I need a soldier , ” Harriette says .
They nab themselves a cheeky kiss in the first episode , but could they be the real man she 's looking for ?
Check out their Twitter and Instagram .
Tougher IIHS Crash Tests Leave Only 15 Top Safety+ Picks
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ( IIHS ) has announced its 2018 award winners . Just 15 vehicles qualified for the TOP SAFETY PICK+ award from IIHS , with another 47 earning TOP SAFETY awards , for a total of 62 winners .
Earning the highest `` plus '' award was tougher this year after requirements were strengthened to put more emphasis on headlight safety and passenger-side protection .
Better Passenger Protection Needed
Surprisingly , this is the first year that a passenger-side crash test has been included to qualify for an IIHS award . The first official passenger-side ratings were released in October , following research tests last year . The Institute said it added the passenger-side `` small overlap front crash '' test this year after realizing that some manufacturers were n't paying enough attention to the passenger side .
Back in 2012 , IIHS began rating vehicles to see how well they protect drivers during small overlap crashes , which involve just the front corner of the vehicle . IIHS said automakers have acted more quickly to improve protection on the driver side than on the passenger side .
`` Drivers expect that their passengers , who are often family , will be protected just as well as they are , '' says IIHS President Adrian Lund . `` Manufacturers have been taking this issue seriously since we first shed light on it , and we 're confident that good small overlap protection will become the norm on the passenger side , just as it has on the driver side . ''
Headlight Safety Also Now Key
IIHS explained that its headlight ratings also are relatively new , starting just last year in March 2016 . In the beginning , few models performed well in IIHS track tests that measure the tradeoff of how well low beams and high beams illuminate the road , while not producing too much glare for oncoming drivers .
`` Headlights have long been treated as design elements instead of the critical safety equipment that they are , '' Lund says . `` We 're pleased to see this changing . Every one of the 62 award winners for 2018 is available with headlights that are at least acceptable . ''
And the Winners Are ...
Most of the TOP SAFETY PICK+ awards went to two manufacturers : Hyundai and Subaru . Toyota was also a big winner in the `` top '' category .
The biggest winner , with six TOP SAFETY PICK+ awards , was Hyundai Motor Co. , which also owns Kia and Genesis in addition to Hyundai .
Subaru came in second with four `` plus '' awards , while Mercedes-Benz earned two . Toyota , BMW , and Ford earned one each .
Overall , Toyota could be viewed as the biggest winner , with 10 vehicles on the TOP SAFETY PICK list . Hyundai was close , with nine .
Subaru also impressed , with all but one of its seven vehicles ( the BRZ ) earning a TOP SAFETY PICK award . When equipped with optional front crash prevention and specific headlights , the Subaru Impreza , Legacy , Outback and WRX all qualified for the `` plus '' award , while Subaru 's Crosstrek and Forester earn `` top '' awards .
See below for the full list of winners .
Improvements Coming
Across manufacturers , the vast majority of winners qualified only when optionally equipped because front crash prevention and acceptable or good headlights still are not part of their base packages .
Looking ahead , IIHS said most automakers have pledged to make auto-braking technology standard on virtually all passenger vehicles over the next five years , by 2022 . While autobrake is available today , it remains mostly optional , especially on nonluxury brands .
IIHS pointed out that Toyota is an exception and is ahead of the game with its safety features . Almost all Toyota and Lexus models include standard autobrake and other advanced features . Seven models that include autobrake as a standard feature also come standard with acceptable or good headlights , and qualify for TOP SAFETY PICK without any added options . The seven models include the Toyota Camry , Corolla , Prius , Prius Prime , and Highlander , and the Lexus IS and NX .
Sorry Minicars , Size Matters
IIHS summarized the 15 TOP SAFETY PICK+ winners as `` four small cars , three midsize cars , five large luxury cars , two midsize nonluxury SUVs , and one midsize luxury SUV . ''
No minicars , minivans , or pickups earned the highest award . Although models from a wider range of vehicle types earned TOP SAFETY PICK awards , there were no minicars in that category either .
Pushing for Safer Vehicles
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has been recognizing vehicles with TOP SAFETY PICK awards since the 2006 model year to help consumers identify vehicles with the highest safety ratings without having to wade through information about individual tests .
The TOP SAFETY PICK+ accolade was introduced in the 2013 model year , with the `` plus '' to recognize vehicles that offer a superior level of safety . By adding and strengthening criteria for its top awards , IIHS says it has helped push automakers to implement car safety advances .
15 Top Safety Pick+ Winners
Small Cars :
Kia Forte sedan
Kia Soul
Subaru Impreza
4-Door Sedan / 4-Door Wagon :
Subaru WRX
Midsize Cars :
Subaru Legacy
Subaru Outback
Toyota Camry
Large Luxury Cars :
BMW 5 series
Genesis G80
Genesis G90
Lincoln Continental
Mercedes-Benz E-Class sedan
Midsize SUVs :
Hyundai Santa Fe
Hyundai Santa Fe Sport
Midsize Luxury SUV :
Mercedes-Benz GLC
47 Top Safety Pick Winners
Small Cars :
Chevrolet Volt
Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid
Hyundai Elantra
Hyundai Elantra GT
Mazda 3
4-Door Sedan / 4-Door Hatchback :
Subaru Crosstrek
Toyota Corolla
Toyota Prius
Toyota Prius Prime
Midsize Cars :
Honda Accord
Hyundai Sonata
Kia Optima
Nissan Altima
Nissan Maxima
Midsize Luxury Cars :
Alfa Romeo Giulia
Audi A3
Audi A4
BMW 3 series sedan
Lexus ES
Lexus IS
Volvo S60
Volvo V60
Large Cars :
Kia Cadenza
Toyota Avalon
Small SUVs :
Honda CR-V
Hyundai Tucson
Kia Sportage
Mazda CX-3
Mazda CX-5
Mitsubishi Outlander
Nissan Rogue
Subaru Forester
Toyota RAV4
Midsize SUVs :
Honda Pilot
Kia Sorento
Mazda CX-9
Toyota Highlander
Midsize Luxury SUVs :
Acura MDX
Acura RDX
Buick Envision
Lexus NX
Lexus RX
Mercedes-Benz GLE-Class
Volvo XC60
Minivans :
Chrysler Pacifica
Honda Odyssey
Large Pickup :
Honda Ridgeline
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
Report : Red Sox well-positioned to land a top slugger in free agency
The Boston Red Sox are coping with Giancarlo Stanton 's move to the New York Yankees , but all is not lost for them .
According to ESPN 's Buster Olney , the market for power hitters is limited to the point that the Red Sox are “ in a good position ” to land one of the three big sluggers on the market — outfielder J.D . Martinez and first basemen Carlos Santana and Eric Hosmer .
The Red Sox saw their arch rivals land the best available slugger , but Boston actually in a good position to land 1 of 3 of J.D . Martinez/Carlos Santana/Hosmer , because the # of teams willing to spend big , big dollars on a hitter is limited . The FAs need BOS as much as it needs them . — Buster Olney ( @ Buster_ESPN ) December 11 , 2017
The Red Sox appear to have picked a good winter to need a big bat . The market is limited from a player 's perspective , they 're willing to spend , and there are good options out there . They 've already been linked to one of these sluggers , so it stands to reason that they 'll be aggressive in trying to get something done .
Image copyright Virgin EMI Image caption The band named themselves after Stockport pub The Blossoms
Blossoms ' first album debuted at number one and earned them a Mercury Prize nomination - but they never let it go to their heads .
`` I knew we needed to have longevity and keep writing , '' says Tom Ogden , the band 's luxuriantly-coiffured frontman .
`` You 've got to be proactive on it , do you know what I mean ? You 've got to keep trying . ''
In fact , the 24-year-old was so determined to flex their creative muscles that they started writing the band 's second album eight months before their debut came out .
`` That came from touring with people like Paul Weller and Alex Turner , '' says their bandmate Joe Donovan - a friend ever since they met on a school trip to Alton Towers .
`` I 'd overhear Tom speaking to them and they 'd be like , 'Keep writing . Always keep writing . ' Every single person we look up to , they 'd all say the same thing . ''
So when the Stockport band were n't touring ( and they played 107 gigs last year ) Ogden got to work , demo-ing songs in their bedroom and sending them to their producer/mentor James Skelly , of Liverpool psych-rock heroes The Coral .
One song in particular , I Ca n't Stand It , caught their attention .
`` I remember them saying , 'This is like Kylie Minogue meets New Order , ' '' recalls Ogden . `` That became a benchmark for the album . ''
Ogden clearly hit a purple patch after that . Almost every song on the band 's new album , Cool Like You , could be a single .
Not in the modern sense , where artists employ 20 trendy producers to `` maximise their market impact '' by mixing up a tropical house banger with a Radio 2-friendly ballad and a slick trap effort ( featuring Migos ) .
Instead , the album is thematically and sonically cohesive - a hook-laden journey through Ogden 's love life as they break up with the girlfriend who inspired Honey Sweet and Getaway on their debut album ; then falls in love all over again .
Ever modest , Ogden gives Skelly credit for this achievement .
`` He 's quite old-school so they hear everything as an album , '' they explain . `` Once we had eight tracks , he 'd send me reference songs , saying , 'We need a track like this for the album ' . They could hear it all . ''
With the record ready to hit shelves this week , Ogden and Donovan sat down to discuss their pet peeves , why Noel Gallagher gives them butterflies , and the essence of cool .
The album 's called Cool Like You - Who do you want to be as cool as ?
Tom : That song 's quite tongue in cheek . After being in this industry for a while and seeing how things work , it 's saying , `` We 're happy staying in our lane and doing our thing . We 're not going to be cool like you '' .
Joe : But , saying that , I was drinking champagne in my hotel room just 10 minutes ago .
What is it about the industry that annoys you ?
Tom : When you do interviews , everybody 's got to be happy and chirpy but sometimes you do n't feel like that . You just do n't . Even though you 're doing something you love doing .
Joe : For me , it 's more like corporate gigs and stuff .
Tom : So many people you meet go [ insincere voice ] , `` Oh , you totally smashed it ! '' do you know what I mean ? It 's so far removed from what I 'm like as a person .
So if someone said , `` The gig was ok , but you were a bit pitchy and the drummer 's timing was off '' would you respect them more ?
Tom : Yeah . I 'd just be like , `` fair play '' . Everyone 's entitled to their opinion .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Blossoms perform Honey Sweet at BBC Music Introducing Live 2017
Who have you met that 's been actually cool ?
Tom : Alex Turner . Liam Gallagher .
Joe : Noel Gallagher . Paul Weller .
Tom : Those are a solid four . And what they all have in common is they walk really slow . They have a powerful walk . They walk slower than your average .
Have they been supportive of the Blossoms ?
Tom : Yeah , definitely . Everyone is just sound . We do n't stay in touch and become best mates or 'owt like that . They 'll give you a bit of advice , then you have a beer and go and do your own thing . You realise they 're just normal people .
Who 's left you starstruck ?
Joe : My first ever gig with Tom was Oasis , so Noel and Liam are on a pedestal up here . So even when you meet 'em and they 're like normal people , in your head they 'll always be `` Noel and Liam Gallagher '' . Even now , we 're going on tour with Noel and even if we just walk past them in the corridor , I get butterflies . I do n't think that 'll ever go away .
And Alex Turner - there 's no way Alex Turner is a normal human . He 's like an alien . Everything they do is perfect . That 's why I can never put them people down as normal people . They ca n't be , can they ? They 're freaks of nature and amazing .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption `` I 've been brought up on catchy music , '' says Tom . `` It 's just ingrained into my songwriting . ''
You made this album indecently quickly . Was there a massive burst of inspiration ?
Tom : Kind of . The first album is like the greatest hits of your last five years , whereas the writing process on this was probably a year .
I just kept writing after the first album was finished . So Getaway [ from the Blossoms ' debut ] was written in November 2015 ; and There 's A Reason Why I Never Returned Your Calls , the opening track on this album , was written in January 2016 .
It feels like you really concentrated on melody this time around .
Tom : I 'm always trying to write a big chorus . Every single time . The melodies are very , very carefully planned out . A lot of the time , the song opens with the chorus played as a keyboard riff - so then it 's in your head and when it gets to the chorus , you 're like , `` Oh wow , there 's that melody '' .
The album feels designed for festivals - was that something you were aiming for ?
Tom : We definitely wanted this album to be more upbeat for the live show . With the first album , everyone still jumps up and down and stuff , but there 's a few more mid-paced tracks . If you 're a support act , you 've just got to get people 's attention straight away , have n't you ? So on this album , we 'd always make the songs a little bit faster than I demo-ed them . Not to the point where it was like fast forward , but just where it had an extra spring in its step .
Joe : You 're too chilled , that 's the problem .
What were you listening to for inspiration ?
Tom : We were listening to a lot of synth-pop stuff from the 80s and I got a couple of new keyboards , like the ones they used on the Stranger Things soundtrack . A lot of the time , if you get a new bit of kit , it 'll inspire you to get into a new area sonically .
Do n't those ancient synths take up a whole room ?
Tom : These were like modern versions , 'cos a lot of them old ones from the 80s , you have to put floppy discs into them and they do n't work any more .
Image copyright Virgin EMI Image caption The band are ( L-R ) : Josh Dewhurst , Joe Donovan , Myles Kellock , Charlie Salt and Tom Ogden
On Unfaithful , you sing `` April is the cruellest month '' - but you 're releasing the album in April .
Tom : I 've never even associated them together . It 's funny , that .
What 's that lyric about , then ?
Tom : Is n't it a TS Eliot quote ? I think it is [ He 's right , it 's the opening line of The Waste Land ] .
I have this quote book at home which I sometimes get inspiration from . I 'll just scan it and things 'll jump out at me .
I read an interview where you said your favourite book was the Collins Dictionary of Quotations . I thought it was a joke !
Tom : No , that 's where I got `` The stately homes of England how beautiful they stand '' [ on Blown Rose ] .
Joe : Listen to Morrissey mark two , here !
Tom : They used to do it all the time , though , Morrissey did . There 's a thing online called Passions Just Like Mine , which is a blog where someone 's tracked down where he 's got everything from . Morrissey stole everything . Not everything . Do n't put that in !
Joe : If I wrote a song , all my quotes would be from [ primary school phonics book ] Fuzzbuzz , would n't they ?
Your first album went gold , you played the Pyramid stage , and got a Mercury nomination . What 's left on the bucket list ?
Joe : A pizza shop in Manchester
Tom : Called Charlie 's .
What toppings will you have ?
Tom : It 's just going to be three toppings , and one 's a margherita .
Joe : Which in New York they call 'plain pie ' .
Tom : Then pepperoni , and you 've got to have a veggie option .
Joe : There should be five toppings because there 's five of us in the band - Margherita , Pepperoni , Veggie , Spicy and another veggie one .
Do you want to get bigger with this album ... play larger venues , win more awards ?
Tom : Obviously , you want it to go well . That 's why you 're in a band . So we want to eclipse all them things you 've just said - or at least equal them .
Joe : But if we do n't do it , I do n't think we 'll be really gutted about it .
Tom : I will .
Joe : Tom 's quite pessimistic . If it rains , they think no-one 's going to come to the gigs , even if we 've sold 8,000 tickets and it 's indoors .
Blossoms release Cool Like You this Friday , 27 April .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Equity Bancshares reported net income for the first quarter of $ 8.7 million , or 58 cents per diluted share , up from $ 4.9 million , or 40 cents per share , for the first quarter of 2017 .
Notorious Kidnap Gang Leader , Sani Ibrahim `` Burtu '' Arrested in Kaduna
Troops of 1 Division Nigerian Army have carried out clearance operation at Rijana forest , Kaduna State on Wednesday 14th June 2017 due to the disturbing resurgence of armed banditry and kidnappings along Abuja-Kaduna road .
The troops cordoned armed bandits ' camp at Rijana forest where they arrested the suspected notorious gang leader , Sani Ibrahim ( alias Burtu ) , who has been on the declared
This post was syndicated from Cambells Blog - Nigerian News Today , Top Headlines | Naija Music Download . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WICHITA , Kan. — Tulsa coach Frank Haith sent precocious guard Elijah Joiner into Saturday night 's nip-and-tuck game against Kansas State with a few minutes left and a simple message to remember .
“ I said , ‘ Hey , you get an open look , you take it , ” ‘ Haith recalled later , “ so for a first-year student , I guess that means if I 'm in the arena , I 'm taking the shot . ”
They knocked it down with veteran poise .
The deep shot from right in front of their bench gave Tulsa the lead with just over three minutes to go , and the Golden Hurricane held on to beat the Wildcats 61-54 in a sloppy , defensive slugfest .
“ I thought our guys played with great toughness , ” said Haith , who is no stranger to the Wildcats from their days coaching Missouri in the Big 12 . “ I thought we made some tough shots down the stretch , and I thought everybody that played contributed . ”
Junior Etou had 22 points and seven rebounds , and Martins Igbanu added 10 points , as the Golden Hurricane ( 5-4 ) overcame the loss of junior guard DaQuan Jeffries . Their third-leading scorer at nearly 12 points a game hurt their hand on the rim in practice and could miss the next two months .
The loss of their best athlete forced Haith to implement a series of zone defences , including one they installed just this week . That befuddled the Wildcats ( 8-2 ) , who missed all nine of their field-goal attempts over the final five-plus minutes and wound up 4 for 31 from beyond the 3-point arc .
“ The first half we ran offence and got good corner shots and we just missed them , ” Kansas State coach Bruce Weber said . “ Those corner 3s were open , we did n't make them , then I think the second half we panicked a bit and forced some action , got a little uncharacteristic . ”
Xavier Sneed had two of the 3-pointers and finished with 15 points and eight boards for the Wildcats . Dean Wade had 13 points , Kamau Stokes had 11 and Barry Brown finished with 10 .
“ Just a bad shooting night , ” said Stokes , who along with Brown combined to go 1 for 15 from the 3-point arc . “ We just did n't make the shots that we normally make . ”
The Wildcats , who entered the game 13th nationally in scoring defence , forced Tulsa into as many turnovers ( 11 ) in the first half as made field goals . Etou had four of them as they struggled to deal with the pesky hands of the Wildcats ' perimeter players .
Still , the Golden Hurricane trailed just 30-27 at halftime , and they used an early flurry of points in the second half to pull ahead on Etou 's 3-pointer with 12:38 to go .
The game remained a nip-and-tuck affair down the stretch , neither team ever leading by more than six until the final seconds , when Tulsa was able to put things away .
“ This was the very first game were we put everything together as a team , and that feels good , ” the Golden Hurricane 's Martins Igbanu said . “ Some games we were guarding the ball but we did n't rebound well and some games we were missing assignments . We still missed assignments but we played through it . ”
STRANGE DOMINANCE
Tulsa improved to 6-1 against the Wildcats in a series dating to 1932 . The teams were playing the first game of a three-game series between schools that are within driving distance of each other .
BIG PICTURE
Tulsa won a defensive slugfest despite 15 turnovers , including eight from Etou . A big reason was the Golden Hurricane 's perimeter defence and work on the boards , where they out-rebounded the Wildcats 40-30 despite giving up several inches in the paint .
Kansas State was trying to match its best start under Weber , but instead watched a 23-game non-conference home win streak come to an end . The Wildcats considered the game at Intrust Bank Arena in Wichita a home game even though it was a 2-hour drive from their campus in Manhattan .
UP NEXT
Tulsa begins a two-game homestand against Prairie View A & M on Thursday night .
Kansas State gets a week off before facing Southeast Missouri State next Saturday .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
CONCORD , N.H. ( AP ) — After more than two years of sometimes contentious debate , New Hampshire regulators are on the verge of deciding whether to approve the Northern Pass hydropower project .
The Site Evaluation Committee on Tuesday began 12 days of public deliberations on the $ 1.6 billion plan to bring hydropower from Canada by creating a 192-mile transmission line through New Hampshire for customers in southern New England . It is expected to reach an oral decision by Feb. 23 and a written decision by March 31 . They could approve or reject the project , or approve it with a series of conditions .
Much of the discussion Tuesday focused on whether the utility behind the project , Eversource , has the financial and technical ability to build it . Members also debated whether the construction expected to begin as soon as April would impact local businesses and tourism , especially traffic during the fall foliage season . The project is expected to start producing power by the end of 2020 .
Going forward , members must consider whether the project would negatively impact regional development as well as whether it would be detrimental to the region 's air and water quality , historic sites and public health and safety .
Northern Pass has formal contracts with suppliers and a labor agreement with construction managers and unions . It 's been granted permits by the Energy Department and the U.S. Forest Service , and has the support of Massachusetts energy officials . It still needs a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permit related to its impact on wetlands and the power supplier , Hydro-Quebec , needs project approval from the national electric board in Canada .
Supporters say the project will create jobs , bring development to the northern part of the state and cut energy costs .
Opponents fear transmission line towers — some as high as 155 feet — will destroy scenic views , reduce property values and hurt tourism . They also argue the project offers few benefits to New Hampshire , since much of the power is slated to go to customers in Massachusetts .
Last week , the project was selected from among dozens of bids submitted last year under a 2016 law that called for a significant boost in the supply of renewable energy in Massachusetts . It would transmit enough hydropower for about a million homes .
`` There are many reasons why this project is important for the state of New Hampshire . It is also important now for the state of Massachusetts and the region as a whole , '' Eversource New Hampshire President Bill Quinlan told reporters during a break in the hearing . `` It could n't be clearer from the experience this winter during the cold snap that a new , diverse base load power supply is important to keeping energy costs low and meeting our environmental goals . ''
Despite the Massachusetts decision , opponents said they remain confident the committee will reject the project .
Judy Reardon , a senior adviser for Protect the Granite State , a group opposed to the project , said the testimony thus far has shown that `` Northern Pass is a bad deal for New Hampshire . ''
`` If built , the project will devastate our environment , do significant harm to our small businesses and tourist economy while having virtually no impact on lowering our electric rates , '' they said in a statement . `` Northern Pass will simply make New Hampshire into an extension cord to transport power to Massachusetts and southern New England , which is unacceptable . ''
By Hayden Wright
As a duo , Anderson .Paak and producer Knxwledge are known as NxWorries , and the pair stopped by Jimmy Fallon 's show for an elaborate Valentine 's Day performance . The set told the story of a man ( .Paak ) working to earn back trust from the ladies in their life after an act of infidelity . By the end of “ What More Can I Say , ” the two women have moved on with Knxwledge , giving the love parable a bittersweet twist .
Related : Watch Anderson .Paak Perform ‘ Come Down ' with Gospel Choir
“ What More Can I Say ” comes from NxWorries ' album Yes Lawd ! and blends whimsical symphonic elements with personal storytelling . Paak may have lost the Best New Artist GRAMMY to Chance the Rapper , but their inventive take on hip-hop is still turning heads . Watch their Tonight Show appearance with Knxwledge below .
Ashley Young says England players have discussed what to do if subjected to racism during the 2018 World Cup in Russia .
WATCH MORE : Northern Ireland draw 0-0 in Panama friendly
Thanks to you “ Pack The Park ” for Kidspack at Publix Field at Joker Marchant Stadium was a HUGE success ! ! Thanks for coming out and helping feed our hungry kids ! !
The mission to feed our hungry children continues…Here are the items we need to fill weekend backpacks :
Find out more at kidspack.org
“ No More Hungry Kids In Polk County !
Outrage in Makurdi as Suspected Fulani Herdsmen Slaughter Priests , 17 Worshippers
It was a black Tuesday morning for residents and Christian community at Ayar Mbalom in Gwer East local government area of Benue state , as armed Fulani herdsmen desecrated the church killing two priests and 17 worshippers .
Among the victims were two Rev Fathers whose names were given as ; Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha , two primary school principals ; Peter Dick and Ape Chia , also a secondary school principal whose name was given as Michael Tor and fourteen other worshipers .
The victims had gone to morning mass at St Ignatius Quasi Parish when their attackers who had laid ambush on the community swopped on them around 5.30 am and snuffed the life out of them .
Not satisfied , the herdsmen militia extended their terror to other villagers burnt their houses numbering about 100 .
It was gathered that the whole community was sacked by invading marauders who had a field day to unleash terror on the sleepy community .
According to locals , the herdsmen might have laid ambush on the community since the wee hours only for them to strike the early hour of the day when some of the villagers went to appreciate God for making it to a new day .
Angered by the ugly development , the director of communication , Catholic Diocese of Makurdi , Rev . Father Moses Lorapuu described it as ‘ attack by herdsmen/Jihadists .
While confirming the attack on the church , Iorapuu said , ‘ this is to confirm that Rev . Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha have been killed in the deadly attack by herdsmen/Jihadists early today ( Tuesday ) on Mbalom village and St. Ignatius Quasi Parish Ukpor-Mbalom . '
The Rev Father disclosed that the herdsmen attacked in their true and classic style , burnt down homes , destroyed food items and killed at will , adding , “ to go for the Priests means total destruction of everything we stand for and believe in , as a people . ”
“ The police seem to know nothing of the attacks which have been going on in other villages within Benue State since the Anti Open Grazing Law came into effect last year ” .
“ Many people are asking why the International community has remained silent over the massacre of Benue citizens ”
“ The answer is simple : It has been the goal of the Jihadists to conquer Benue and Tiv people who resisted their advance into the middle belt and the Eastern part of Nigeria since 1804 , the people who rejected Islam and fought for the unification of Nigeria in the civil war of 1967 – 1970 ” , Iorapuu fumed .
They lamented that the people of the state have found themselves in a terrible situation having sacrificed their lives to fight the people of Eastern Nigeria which may have little sympathy for Benue people because they ( Benue ) fought on the side of Nigeria , stressing that the Muslim North is enjoying a sweet revenge overshadowed by an insensitive regime .
The Reverend Father explained that there were over 170,000 internally displaced persons before the Naka invasion and surely with the current situation in Mbalom , Benue will be flooded with thousands more .
“ What can not be said at this point is the consequences of the death of Missionaries in the silent killings that have been ignored by the government for over a year .
“ The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi , which is one of the largest Dioceses in Nigeria , has been active in providing relief materials including education and skills acquisition lessons ” , they said
The State Commissioner of Police , Fatai Owoseni who confirmed the incident said that some armed bandits suspected to be Fulani Herdsmen numbering about 30 attacked a church killing two priests and 16 others .
“ Immediately we got this information , We quickly moved in there to do a wider aerial surveillance in pursuit of these attackers to see if we can see them .
“ After doing a wider coverage of the general area , we also went to the church where this incident happened . That was where we were told on the spot that these attackers came by 5 am , went into the church and to the venue of a burial that was going on where the priest was supposed to officiate .
“ These attackers came about thirty in numbers and the target was the priest and of course the venue of the burial.As at the time l left the place , we were able to see 16 dead bodies including the two priests that were killed .
“ The police have taken over the corpses and we have deployed and with the wider aerial coverage and surveillance we did , with the help of the people in the village , we were able to get into the bush to see if we can still lay hands on these people .
“ We will intensify our search to go after these people wherever they may hide . We will also work on the information from the members of public there because we believe that they must have been hanging around the place to have committed the act at 5 am . So , we still believe that they would be somewhere around there .
“ These are armed marauders who are going about killing people and we will go after them with all the resources .
Also reacting , the state acting governor Benson Abounu expressed concern about the constant attacks .
Abounu described it as an attack well planned , coordinated and executed .
According to him , “ let me say categorically that this is another black day in Benue . I am saddened , the governor who is on leave is saddened , Benue people are very sad because I can put it now that Benue is under siege .
“ We have been attacked from all corners and this is unacceptable .
“ What happened today is a calculated attack , well planned , and well executed . They must have taken their time and they hit their target and they got what they desired to .
The acting governor said police have been able to recover 16 corpses , saying that one had earlier been brought to Makurdi .
“ As I talk to you now , all the corpses have been brought to Makurdi including the two Reverend Fathers killed right inside the church .
“ That is a new dimension of attacks because it has never happened before and therefore is very worrying.I also understand that 17 there people lost their lives ” , Abounu said
Meanwhile , the protest has got to the capital city , Makurdi due to the killings of two Catholic Priests and 17 worshippers during morning mass at Ayar Mom community of Gwer East LGA of Benue State .
There is an apprehension all over the capital city as the major market like Wadatta and Wurukum were hurriedly shut in the afternoon .
While the Corpses were being driven to town , the irate youth took over the major raids and streets including the ever busy Makurdi/Gboko , Makurdi/Kafia road and the Wurukum Roundabout .
The irate youths also set bonfires in and across the major streets in Makurdi metropolis .
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post Outrage in Makurdi as Suspected Fulani Herdsmen Slaughter Priests , 17 Worshippers appeared first on SIGNAL .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
NEW YORK — For the fifth year in a row , Las Vegas super eater Miki Sudo took top prize at the Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest , downing 37 franks and buns in 10 minutes amid stifling humidity at the annual seaside competition .
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
On the men 's side , 10-time winner Joey “ Jaws ” Chestnut will confront 20 other men for the coveted Mustard Belt later Wednesday .
Sudo , 32 , was a fan favourite , drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance , which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns .
George Shea , the longtime host of the annual Brooklyn eat-off , quipped that Sudo was particular about the temperature and amount of water they use while competing .
Thousands of attendees , many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps , braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk . The outlandish tradition dates to 1972 , though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916 .
Fan Martha Pleasant , 41 , of Franklin , New Jersey , said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight , who “ loves wieners . ”
“ We are trying to knock something off my hubby 's bucket list , ” they said .
Paul Cook could not hide their delight at seeing Wigan Athletic extend their winning start to the season to three matches with a 4-1 thumping of Bury .
The Latics boss could n't have wished for a better start to life at the DW Stadium after moving up from League Two champions Portsmouth earlier this summer .
And they were positively purring after goals from Nick Powell ( 2 ) , Michael Jacobs and Lee Evans put paid to a determined Shakers outfit .
“ We 're so pleased with the whole 90 minutes , ” enthused Cook .
“ I think you have to respect every team you play - certainly when they 've got the quality of player Bury have .
“ But for us , it 's about us , and the moments in the game that are important .
“ I felt at key moments in the game we stood up and it was a good win .
“ As a manager , we work hard on out team shape , and how we want the game to be played .
“ We trust our players , which is huge , and at the moment everyone is buying into what we want .
“ It 's a wave of momentum at the moment , and it 's my belief that if you have the right habits , things will probably happen for you . ”
Latics have now replaced Blackburn - who have started off with back-to-back league defeats - as favourites to win the League One title .
And with Alex Gilbey , Ryan Colclough , Will Grigg only coming on for the last 15 minutes , the strength in depth at the DW is there for all to see .
“ We know that to keep the full squad of players happy is impossible , ” acknowledged Cook .
“ Look at Griggy , for example , who 's been out since March .
“ He 's working their way back to full fitness , he 's working every day , and any team with Will Grigg in it is a strong team .
“ Ryan missed eight days of pre-season work , at a crucial time , when players are jostling for position .
“ All of a sudden , Gavin Massey and Michael Jacobs have got a run on him , but Ryan remains a good player .
“ Alex is the same , playing in the same role as Nick Powell as a No.10 .
“ We 're just lucky we 've got good players , and that 's great credit to the club .
“ It 's a good day for the club - we get showed off in a great light , the pitch was immaculate , everyone goes home happy . ”
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of thousands of types of consumer products under the agency 's jurisdiction . Deaths , injuries , and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $ 1 trillion annually . CPSC is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire , electrical , chemical or mechanical hazard . CPSC 's work to help ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys , cribs , power tools , cigarette lighters and household chemicals -– contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years .
Federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the Commission .
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC 's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired . Consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov , on Twitter @ USCPSC or by subscribing to CPSC 's free e-mail newsletters .
Local tech specialist Steve Schardein urges computer users to never open an attachment emailed to them by someone they do n't know . ( Source : William Joy/WAVE 3 News )
Ransomware was on pace to be a billion-dollar business in 2016 .
Tech experts say they 're worried about a new brand of hacking -- Ransomware .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Every 30 seconds , a computer gets infected with ransomware , according to the FBI .
It 's a computer threat many people have never heard of , but it 's the one tech experts are most worried about .
Hospitals , police departments , major companies and individual users all have been targeted .
A local business person said they became a victim last year .
`` It just states that you have been infected by malware , '' said Jim Steilberg , who owns Steilberg String Instruments .
MORE TECH NEWS
+ Microsoft says users are protected from alleged NSA malware
+ Nintendo unexpectedly discontinues NES Classic Edition console
+ Microsoft sued for $ 10M in class-action suit over Windows 10 upgrades
The ransomware virus locked their files , holding them hostage and told them to pay thousands of dollars or they 'd be lost forever .
`` I was distraught , to say the least , '' Steilberg said .
They went to Steve Schardein , a tech specialist and the owner of Triple-S Computers .
`` It literally will take you out and it is usually not possible to recover your data , '' Schardein said . `` They ca n't read their stuff : pictures , documents ,
anything . ''
Schardein said ransomware comes from two main sources , the first of which is email attachments from unknown senders .
`` You ca n't ever open email attachments from people you do n't know or you do n't trust , '' Schardein said . `` They 're getting very good with their social
engineering and tricking people into opening them . ''
The other main source of ransomware is flaws in programs that hackers exploit . Schardein suggests always doing those annoying software updates which
usually patch those flaws and help protect computers .
`` You ca n't rely on your anti-virus software , '' Schardein said . `` It 's more or less a safety net and that 's it . ''
The FBI said ransomware attacks increased 300 percent in just the past year , and is the fastest-growing type of computer malware .
`` The problem is it 's so successful financially for the attackers , '' Schardein said .
For businesses , ransomware can be in the thousands or millions of dollars . The FBI said ransomware was on pace to be a billion-dollar business in 2016 , with more than $ 250 million in payments in just the first four months . For individual users , payments can are typically between $ 300 and $ 500 , but are paid using anonymous bitcoin currency .
`` They try to make it 'affordable ' enough to where people will do it on a whim , '' Schardein said .
Schardein got Steilberg 's files back , but that 's not always the case .
`` I thought it was curtains for a while , '' they said .
The No . 1 tip : Always have backups .
`` You will lose your hard drive to something at some point , '' Schardein said .
Some hackers have turned ransomware into such a lucrative business that they actually have customer service lines to call to help get your data back
after you pay up . The FBI strongly advises against paying the fees . You still may not get your files back and it encourages more hackers to do it .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Image copyright Science Photo Library
Earthquakes may now become easier to detect than ever before , with the aid of developing technology .
Researchers in Iceland have successfully used an existing fibre-optic communications cable to assess seismic activity .
Such cables are laid beneath the ground in countries around the world , to supply internet and television service .
The technique has proven sensitive to ground shaking , but is not yet ready for widespread use .
It joins a series of recent advances in earthquake sensing , including smartphone apps and more affordable detection hardware .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The study was conducted in the geologically active region of Reykjanes , Iceland
How does it work ?
Earthquake activity is usually monitored by seismometers - carefully calibrated and expensive devices placed at sensitive locations .
The method tested by the research team , led by Dr Philippe Jousset from the GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences , used 15km of fibre-optic cable that had originally been installed between two geothermal power plants in Iceland in 1994 .
A laser pulse sent down a single fibre of the cable was sufficient to determine whether there were any disturbances along its length .
`` Initially we did not know what we would be able to record , '' Dr Jousset told BBC News , `` but we could detect earthquakes from far away . ''
Image copyright USGS/Science Photo Library Image caption Earthquake activity is usually monitered by carefully placed seismometers
When the ground , and consequently the cable , was stretched or compressed , the team were able to record it .
They detected local traffic , seismic shaking and even passing pedestrians . They also picked up a signal from a strong earthquake in Indonesia .
`` It 's almost as good as a seismometer , '' says Dr Jousset .
Earthquake early warning
The instrument that needs to be attached to each cable to make the monitoring possible is currently expensive , but researchers are working on cost-effective alternatives .
But were these to become available , this method has all the appearance of a highly affordable alternative to expensive seismic networks .
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption Activity along the San Andreas fault has the potential to affect a large population
Dr Elizabeth Cochran , a geophysicist with the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) , says the technology could potentially be applied to earthquake early warning systems , once refined .
Such networks , already active in countries like Japan and Mexico , act to warn the local population when an earthquake begins .
`` For [ early warning ] we do n't necessarily need highly precise information ... we just need to know that large ground motions are occurring in an area . ''
`` There are thousands of kilometres of cables already criss-crossing cities . So , if we can tap into these cables and figure out how to interpret the data accurately , then there is a very exciting potential for very dense sensor networks everywhere that there are cables , '' they told BBC News .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A warning system for the US west coast is due to roll out later in 2018
Currently , seismometers are still being placed for ShakeAlert , an early warning system for the US west coast .
What 's the catch ?
In addition to refining the technique , there will be additional challenges .
`` A lot will depend on the willingness of communications companies to buy into the concept , and to offer use of their cables at minimal or no cost , '' explains Dr Cochran .
They note that `` most companies in the United States have lent access to the cables for a limited amount of time , but have suggested they would charge for longer term access . ''
However Dr Jousset 's team have found companies in Europe quite open to the idea .
They are set to conduct further studies in the near future , and they are optimistic about the technology 's potential for monitoring volcanic and earthquake activity .
`` At present there are more and more possibilities , so the prices are going down . It could be operational in a few years ' time . Not everywhere , but somewhere . ''
Learn more ...
Video
The White House has accused the US entertainment industry of `` hypocrisy '' over its condemnation of Roseanne Barr following a racist tweet .
Napoli have received an official bid from Manchester City for midfielder Jorginho , according to the player 's agent .
The Italy international has been heavily tipped to join the Premier League champions in the transfer window , although Liverpool , Arsenal and Chelsea are said to be providing competition .
A report from Calcio Napoli 24 on Wednesday claimed City have agreed a deal with the 26-year-old that could cost the club as much as €50million .
Joao Santos claims an offer has been made to Napoli and admits it would be hard to turn down City 's advances .
`` I know an offer to Napoli has arrived from Manchester City , '' they told Tuttomercatoweb . `` We 're waiting for their response . I do n't think they have rejected offers .
`` If Napoli find an agreement with City , we will assess everything .
`` Obviously , Manchester City would be very welcome , an opportunity not to be turned down . The coach is one of the best in Europe . ''
Jorginho has established themselves as one of Serie A 's finest midfielders since signing from Verona in 2014 .
They made 33 Serie A appearances in 2017-18 , scoring twice .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Big Ben has fallen silent since August 2017 to allow for essential repair works to take place
A man climbed up scaffolding and on to the roof of the Palace of Westminster .
Police said the climber scaled a fence before making their way up the side of the Houses of Parliament at about 11:30 BST .
Police are not treating the incident as terror-related and no weapons were recovered .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of trespassing on a designated site , the Metropolitan Police has said .
One of the best game genres for virtual reality as it currently exists is the shooter , where headset views and motion controls translate fluidly into looking around to find things to blow up — and then blasting them . That 's basically the focus of Archangel , the upcoming mech-based shooter from developer Skydance . The game puts you in the cockpit of a giant walking battle tank with the help of PlayStation VR and lets you go nuts .
But virtual reality as we know it is still grappling with a few issues , like “ simulation sickness , ” the nauseous feeling that comes with your eyes interpreting your body moving when the rest of your senses do n't . A lot of games get around that sensation by limiting how much you can actually move in the game with controls like thumbsticks .
In Archangel , shown at Sony 's Playstation game showcase at E3 2017 , the solution comes in making the game something of a rail shooter : You do n't control the motion of your huge bipedal death machine as it works its way through the game 's levels . Instead , you 're focused on the weapons in a game that 's more akin to the turret shooter genre , in which players man a stationary gun turret and deal with attacking enemies , than your standard first-person shooter .
Where Archangel looks like it 's going beyond traditional turret shooting games is in the character and detail it brings to that idea . The mech you drive in the game is equipped with artificial intelligence that serves as your second in command , for instance . The result is something like the symbiotic relationship of Titanfall 2 , where the mech is both a vehicle and a robot character unto itself .
Blasting ( almost ) everything that moves
Each of the mech 's arms comes loaded with different weapons , and it 's your job to make use of them . You 'll blast away with a chain gun on the right wrist , while you can paint targets with your left to fire homing missiles . In the short demo we saw , moving through a destroyed , sand-covered city to fight off incoming airborne fighters and tanks , combat was all about mixing weapons effectively to destroy threats before they became overwhelming , and before one of your guns ran out of ammo and left you momentarily defenseless .
Every fight came down to quickly and strategically taking out enemies while also trying to block incoming fire
Picking targets is key . As groups of fighters swept in from overhead , we had to target their leaders , explosives-laden kamikaze drones aiming to dive-bomb us . Take out those , and the explosions would catch their wingmen , too , or even larger “ dreadnaught ” drones that could otherwise dish out huge punishment .
Each of the mech 's arms is also equipped with a shield , which protects about half your robot and only lasts for a few seconds . So every fight came down to quickly and strategically taking out enemies while also trying to block incoming fire . Archangel does a pretty good job of forcing you to keep your attention shifting . While rail shooters are commonly about quick reactions as targets pop into your field of vision , the VR elements of Archangel mean that you 're mostly trying to keep an eye on everything coming at you , deciding which weapons to use against which threats while protecting yourself as best you can .
In practice , it means laying down chain gun fire on a tank to your right while shielding against the ones shooting at you from the left , then quickly swinging your missile launcher skyward to take out banking fighters before more fire comes your way . Since you ca n't move , your only means of survival is offensive , strategic thinking to neutralize threats as quickly as possible .
You 'll also have flying units flanking you that make up your squad . The other characters and their vehicles will require your protection , and they 'll take part in the battle to aid you — even providing healing power-ups at key moments .
The human element
The big thrust of Archangel is the feeling of being a human in control of a giant robot . You 're manning the cockpit of your mech more than just being a giant robot . Put another way , your movements are n't one-to-one with the mech 's actions — it 's more like you 're running the controls .
That little bit of separation is by design , Skydance Interactive President Peter Akemann said . Skydance wants the game to feel like you 're a pilot of something incredibly powerful , but as much as blowing things up is essential to the gameplay , Archangel is focused on the human side of the story as well .
The idea is to tell a sci-fi story that focuses on both the way technology can overtake humanity , and the way that it can elevate humanity .
Archangel drops players into the middle of a war between an all-powerful , mechanized corporation called HUMNX that 's taken over America , and a small band of fighters trying to take back the government and control the destiny of humanity .
As Akemann put it , the idea is to tell a sci-fi story that focuses on both the way technology can overtake humanity , and the way that it can elevate humanity . The automated , totalitarian HUMNX are a tech gone awry , dominating life and taking away freedom . But the mech , and the artificial intelligence that 's taking part in the story , represent the way technology evolves and the way humanity can learn from it — and it from us .
The story of Archangel was only a small part of the demo , but it seems like it could add a layer to the game that might give it some deeper appeal . Mech pilot and player character Gabriel has a photo of their family clipped firmly into the cockpit , suggesting some backstory , and the demo ended with a holographic retelling of an interrogation of a HUMNX officer that adds to the character .
For Playstation VR owners looking for more games to add to the technology 's fledgling library , Archangel should add a cinematic shooter experience without the issues of getting sick while you play . Just how deep the game is remains to be seen , but controlling the big , gun-covered arms of a giant robot at least provides a solid foundation for VR explosions and strategic gunplay .
Archangel is set to release on PlayStation VR in July , and heads to Oculus Rift and HTC Vive soon after .
Why it matters to you Netflix does not have much of a history of canceling shows and Bloodline could go out with a bang .
Death , taxes , and the end to your favorite TV series are a few realities you just can not escape . On Monday , Netflix released the first trailer for the final season of its family drama series Bloodline , which will be released on May 26 .
The story focuses on the family of John Rayburn , played by Friday Night Lights star Kyle Chandler , and the consequences of building a family history based on lies . Each season has ended with one of the family members committing a murder that has changed the course of the series . The matriarch of the family , Sally Rayburn ( Sissy Spacek ) , is seen in the final season trailer saying they have something to confess — a sight sure to send diehard Bloodline fans ' into a frenzy .
News of Bloodline ‘ s final season came in September , less than three months after the series was renewed . Netflix does not share viewership data for its shows , so it is unknown why Bloodline was canceled . There were initial reports of Bloodline ‘ s first season having a subpar viewership but Netflix still renewed the show for a second season .
The show may have lacked viewership , but it garnered its fair share of critical praise . Chandler and Ben Mendelsohn have been nominated for Primetime Emmy awards in each of the series first two seasons . Mendelsohn won for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for their series-defining season one portrayal of troubled Danny Rayburn . Bloodline , however , never won a major award as a series .
There is no word if Bloodline will be revived elsewhere , but it may have enough ideas for future seasons . Shortly after it debuted its first season in March 2015 , co-creator Daniel Zelman told The Hollywood Reporter the creators of the show “ were thinking five to six seasons down the line ” when they first pitched the show .
This is relatively unusual territory for Netflix , which began releasing its original series in 2012 . Bloodline will be only the fourth Netflix original drama series since then to end , following Hemlock Grove , Marco Polo , and Lilyhammer .
The day the Confederate battle flag was removed from the South Carolina Statehouse in Columbia on July 10 , 2015 . ( Photo : FILE )
Gov . Henry McMaster told reporters Monday they doubt the groundswell to remove Confederate monuments will spread to South Carolina .
`` We have been through those issues over the years , '' McMaster said while attending a job fair in Chapin , according to a video distributed by their office . `` We do things a little differently . ''
The Republican governor 's comments came as the mayors of Baltimore , Maryland , and Lexington , Kentucky , announced Monday they will seek to remove Confederate monuments in their cities .
Confederate monuments are protected in South Carolina by the state 's Heritage Act . The measure , which was passed when the Confederate flag was moved in 2000 from the Statehouse dome to a nearby Confederate memorial , states that no historical monument can alter or moved without a two-thirds vote in both chambers of the General Assembly .
Violence erupted Saturday in Charlottesville , Virginia , when alt-right , neo-Nazi and pro-Confederate groups protesting the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee clashed with counter-protesters . Heather Heyer , 32 , was killed and at least 19 others were injured when a car plowed intro a group of counter-protesters who were peacefully marching away from the scene of the initial violence . James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , of Ohio is charged in connection with Heyer 's death .
Also Saturday , hundreds of protesters faced off in San Antonio over the fate of a 118-year-old Confederate monument . And tensions flared in New Orleans earlier this year when four Confederate monuments were removed .
Lawmakers met the two-thirds majority threshold in 2015 when they voted overwhelmingly to remove the Confederate flag from the Statehouse grounds . Their decision came after self-professed white supremacist Dylann Roof fatally shot nine people at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston , including pastor and Democratic state Sen. Clementa Pinckney . Photos surfaced after the massacre showing Roof posing with the Confederate banner .
Law 's reach
South Carolina House of Representatives Speaker Jay Lucas confirmed Monday they still stand by their July 2015 statement that they would n't entertain any changes or exceptions to the Heritage Act .
The day after Lucas made that statement , Clemson University said it would form a task force to make recommendations to the Board of Trustees about changes to reflect its history , particularly in regards to race and civil rights issues .
Clemson 's announcement followed more than a year of sustained protests and discussions about whether to rename its most iconic classroom building , Tillman Hall , which was named after former South Carolina governor and U.S. Sen. Benjamin Tillman , one of the university 's founding trustees . Tillman was an avowed racist who spoke virulently against African-Americans and advocated for lynching , pushed Jim Crow laws as governor that tamped out civil rights for black citizens . They were charged but never indicted in the Hamburg Massacre , where six black men were killed by a white mob .
When Clemson 's trustees approved the task force 's recommendations in February 2016 , it did n't entertain the notion of renaming Tillman Hall and cited the Heritage Act as the reason , saying the act gives authority to change names of historical buildings to the state General Assembly .
“ The Board is bound to comply with existing law and therefore name changes were not considered , ” the task force report said .
“ Keeping the names of our historical buildings intact ensures important , hard stories will continue to be told and their lessons learned . A building named Tillman Hall does not celebrate Tillman 's views but serves as a reminder to all that Clemson 's history is complex and of where we have come as a university and a nation , ” the report said .
A similar issue took hold in Greenville in the 2016-2017 school year when a student at Wade Hampton High School launched a campaign to rename the school , which bears the name of a Confederate lieutenant general and large slaveholder who supported the KKK .
In June , School Board members told The Greenville News they can not change the name of the school because the Heritage Act does n't allow it .
Trustee Derek Lewis told the News , “ I think that 's so unfortunate that a local community would n't even have the ability to have a community conversation about whether or not a change is necessary without going to Columbia for permission . ”
The Greenville News is hosting a forum at 6 p.m. Sept. 7 at the Hughes Main Library that will include discussion about calls to change the name of Wade Hampton High School . The library 's address is 25 Heritage Green Place , Greenville
Earlier this year , York County Clerk of Court David Hamilton cited the Heritage Act when they reversed their decision to remove the Confederate flag and pictures of Confederate Generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson from their county 's renovated courthouse .
The Heritage Act does n't only apply to monuments and buildings related to the Civil War . Some American Legion members have filed a lawsuit against the state because the act prevents any changes in to a monument in Greenwood that separately lists `` white '' and `` colored '' fallen soldiers from World War I . A final ruling has not been issued in the case .
Democratic state Sen. Darrell Jackson filed a bill last year that would have restricted the Heritage Act to state-owned buildings and property , returning the ability to make changes to other buildings , monuments or memorials back to local governments . The measure languished in a committee and did not come up for debate .
South Carolina Democratic Party Chairman Trav Robertson said Monday that GOP leaders who control the General Assembly might want to reconsider their position on the Heritage Act .
`` In light of what is happening in the South and across the nation , the legislature may want to revisit it , '' said Robertson , adding that the `` burden for social justice and equality is on the shoulders of Republicans . ''
Even if it remains intact , the Heritage Act wo n't shield South Carolina from the strife that is occurring elsewhere over removing Confederate monuments , said Glenn LaFantasie , a history professor at Western Kentucky University . Their areas of research include the Civil War , Reconstruction and the Old South .
`` South Carolina is not exempt , '' LaFantasie said . `` `` This is a national problem . ''
'No regrets '
In 2015 , only 20 House members voted against removing the Confederate flag from the Statehouse grounds . More than half of those dissenting lawmakers hailed from the Upstate .
Rep. Jonathon Hill ( Photo : File photo )
Rep. Jonathon Hill , a Republican from Townville , said in a statement Monday they have `` no regrets '' about voting against the flag 's removal .
Hill said symbols like the Confederate flag `` remind us of what could be , but for the grace of God . They do not define who we are today . ''
Hill said the flag did n't become an issue until then-Gov . Nikki Haley `` made a national play for free media . ''
The violence that took place in Charlottesville is unlikely to happen in South Carolina , Hill said . They noted how the Charleston church massacre and tensions over removing the flag from the Statehouse grounds did not result in violent protests in the state .
`` White supremacists like the ones in Charlottesville want attention , '' Hill said . `` I do not think we should give it to them . ''
Two Republican House members from Anderson County who voted against removing the Confederate flag from the Statehouse grounds — Anne Thayer and Brian White — did not return repeated messages . Another opponent of moving the flag , Rep. Tommy Stringer of Greenville County , did not return a message seeking comment Monday .
Rep. Eric Bedingfield , another Greenville County legislator who voted to keep the flag flying in South Carolina , said Monday they are focused on the state 's opioid-abuse issues and that they were `` mentally not prepared '' to comment on Charlottesville or on South Carolina 's handling of Confederate symbols . Bedingfield 's son , Joshua , died of an opioid overdose last year .
Rep. Joshua Putnam ( Photo : File photo )
Rep. Joshua Putnam , a Republican from Piedmont , said their vote against removing the flag was the hardest they have made in seven years in office .
Speaking on that vote Monday , they said they remain `` disappointed in the process '' by which the flag came down in South Carolina . They said they believe that vote was `` rammed through , '' and was a break from the normal legislative process that would have allowed those against the measure to express their concerns .
`` When you 're talking about something as emotionally and sensitively charged as the Confederate flag , the way and the process that you go about deciding on it can affect reactions afterward . ''
Putnam condemned the violence in Charlottesville .
`` It 's horrible what happened , '' they said . `` There is no place for that in our society at all . ''
`` Groups of the white nationalists , the neo-Nazis , whatever the tag you want to give them , are more powerful on social media than they are outside of that , '' they said .. `` There are always going to be pockets of people — repugnant , horrible people , and we must not give them a voice . ''
Another Republican who voted against removing the flag , Rep. Dennis Moss , said they oppose any effort to modify the state 's Heritage Act or remove Confederate memorials in South Carolina .
`` I do n't understand why they are taking them down . It is history , '' said Moss , whose district includes parts of Cherokee , Chester and York counties . `` They are not taking down Martin Luther King monuments . ''
Characterizing Confederate monuments as racist is similar to saying `` a pencil misspells words , '' they said . `` It is the people behind it . ''
Follow Kirk Brown , Nikie Mayo and Nathaniel Cary on Twitter @ KirkBrown @ AIM , @ NikieMayo and @ nathanielcary
Read or Share this story : http : //www.independentmail.com/story/news/local/2017/08/14/s-c-law-protects-confederate-monuments/566472001/
Left page , right page
On the left hand page of my sketchbook I occasionally test out pigments I am going to use in a sketch . Sometimes I also do warm up drawings or make notes . This spread is very much like the one with the Little Blue Heron . I intended to draw one thing but got sidetracked drawing another , so this left hand page is a combo of colour and creature .
On the right hand side of the spread is an old favourite . People have been asking where it 's been hiding . As you can see , it 's been quite hard to spot this winter but with the past few warm days the snow has melted , and , much like Wiarton Willie , the wheelbarrow saw its shadow in the snow today .
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person , but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he 's selling their upcoming budget .
One who does n't want you looking under the hood too closely while he 's making their sales pitch .
On Thursday , Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that , `` Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province . ''
Um , that 's been true for Ontario governments going back decades .
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province , it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services .
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government , for example , made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday .
When the Liberals are in power , they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province .
When they 're out of power , they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services . ( In fairness , all parties do it . )
What Sousa did n't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario 's debt to more than $ 300 billion since coming to power in 2003 , which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign ( non-national ) borrower in the world .
They did n't say the auditor general and Ontario 's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt .
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they 're the same people -- is `` fairer because it does n't ask today 's generation alone to pay the entire freight . ''
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you do n't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today 's services -- on its head .
Finally , Sousa repeated , for the umpteenth time , that this year 's budget will be balanced , later adding along with `` next year and the year after that . ''
Two problems . First , Sousa 's promising to balance a budget that wo n't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018 .
Second , in 2003 , then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes .
And we all remember what happened after they won .
Will Grigg and Nick Powell scored first-half goals to ensure Wigan Athletic ended a great week in style with a 2-0 win over Gillingham to consolidate their lead at the top of League One .
Latics had fought off the efforts of Premier League Brighton to pinch Powell on deadline day .
And the former Mancheester United man showed why their decision to stay provoked scenes of jubilation in Wigan with another sublime performance .
Grigg opened the scoring on 10 minutes with a deadly finish from close range after Reece James had done well down the left-hand side .
And Powell scored the goal their overall display warranted with a bullet header from Max Power 's pinpoint corner on 34 minutes .
Michael Jacobs hit a post at the beginning of the second period , which would n't have flattered the home side .
There was a scare right at the end , when Elliott List thought he 'd pulled one back for Gillingham in stoppage-time , but the celebrations were halted by an offside flag .
Latics remain two points clear at the top of League One over Shrewsbury , who have played a game more , but are now four points ahead of third-placed Blackburn , who have played two games more .
NAIROBI : Kenya 's opposition leader Raila Odinga was weighing their next move Monday to contest an election they claim was rigged after defying pressure at home and from abroad to take their complaints to the courts .
The 72-year-old insists they were the rightful winner of a “ stolen ” election last week and has urged their supporters to stay away from work Monday to mourn the deaths of those killed in angry protests against the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta .
However , after nearly a week in limbo in which businesses remained shut and workers stayed home , Nairobi largely came back to life on Monday with many unable to afford any more time away from their livelihoods .
Fruit vendor Alex Kilonzo returned to their stand on a busy street corner , even though many nearby had not reopened . “ If I had money I could strike , ” they told AFP .
“ Life has to move on , ” said IT worker Kenneth Kiruja as they headed into the office for the first time since Tuesday 's election , adding the opposition should take their grievances to court .
Odinga , a veteran opposition leader in Kenya , lost their fourth shot at the presidency , according to official results , and has repeated claims they made in 2007 and 2013 that the vote was rigged against him ..
Their loss sparked angry protests on Friday night and Saturday in their strongholds in the west of the country and in Nairobi slums , leaving 16 people dead according to an AFP tally . This includes a nine-year-old girl hit by a stray bullet .
Police have denied that innocent protesters have been killed , saying those shot dead had been armed and attacked officers , many while carrying out criminal acts such as rape and looting .
The dispute has plunged Kenya into its worst political crisis since Odinga lost a 2007 election that many observers agreed was riddled with irregularities .
That election exposed decades-old political and ethnic grievances over access to power and land that sparked two months of violence in which 1,100 were killed and 600,000 displaced .
Three of Kenya 's four presidents have been Kikuyu and the other Kalenjin , leaving Luos and other major ethnic groups feeling excluded from power and marginalized for over half a century .
While there have been efforts to dilute the winner-takes-all nature of Kenyan politics , notably by devolving power to the counties , critics argue the underlying fault lines have merely been papered over .
As a grim reminder of this , members of Odinga 's Luo ethnic group and those from Kenyatta 's Kikuyu group clashed violently in Nairobi 's Mathare slum late Sunday with sticks , rocks , bows and arrows .
Mobs set on a Luo man , and then later in revenge a Kikuyu man , leaving them bloodied and motionless , as captured by two AFP photographers .
Nairobi police chief Japheth Koome denied the incident .
“ We do n't have attacks in Mathare , ” they told journalists .
Despite this isolated incident , protests in Odinga 's strongholds appeared to largely have fizzled out , as their supporters await their next move .
“ We are not done yet . We will not give up . Wait for the next course of action which I will announce the day after tomorrow ( Tuesday ) , ” Odinga told a crowd of thousands in Nairobi 's Kibera slum on Sunday .
Later on Twitter they wrote : “ There is no turning back . ”
The United Nations , Britain , France and the European Union have beseeched Odinga to use legal means to address their concerns . Kofi Annan , who mediated the 2007/08 crisis , has warned Kenya 's political leaders to “ be careful with their rhetoric and actions . ”
Odinga and their National Super Alliance ( NASA ) claim the results from Tuesday 's election which came in via an electronic tallying system were hacked and manipulated .
Documents they have provided as evidence so far have been dismissed by the electoral commission , and it is unclear what Odinga will do next .
They lost a court dispute in 2013 when they alleged an election was rigged , and this time NASA has said court is not an option .
Odinga has until Friday to lodge a court complaint .
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Barbara Rowe `` lived for their family '' , relatives said in a statement issued via South Wales Police
Police have named a woman who died following a crash near Cardiff as 60-year-old Barbara Rowe .
Mrs Rowe , from Pen-y-Fai , Bridgend , died following a collision involving two lorries and two cars on the A4232 near Culverhouse Cross on Tuesday .
A 27-year-old man arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving has been released pending further inquiries , police said .
Mrs Rowe 's family said they were `` heartbroken '' by their loss .
They were described as a loving wife , mother and grandmother .
In a statement , their family said : `` She loved family life more than anything .
`` She was always there for them . Barbara loved nothing better when they had their sons Daniel and Matthew around them and their two grandsons Mason and Thomas .
`` They were both the apple of their eye and they loved every minute they spent with them . ''
South Wales Police is asking anyone with information on the crash to contact them .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Search
Former public schoolboy Chuka Umunna told the ‘ Exit From Brexit Dinner'…
“ Remainians , Remoaners , I do n't care what the label is , I 'm proud . It 's fashionable to label everyone in this room as the liberal metropolitan elite . . . This caricature is promoted by a bunch of former public schoolboys ! ”
PHOENIX — Adam Duvall 's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday .
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth , helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set . Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits .
Both of Cincinnati 's homers came off Patrick Corbin ( 5-2 ) , who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings .
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks , who have dropped 16 of 20 overall .
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano ( 3-6 ) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4 , yielding four runs and seven hits . They were 0-3 with a 12.79 ERA in their previous three starts .
Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save in their first appearance since being sidelined by a biceps injury . Pinch hitter Daniel Descalso and Jarrod Dyson singled to start the ninth but Goldschmidt fouled out , Duvall made a sliding grab of Jake Lamb 's sinking liner to left and Murphy popped out .
Corbin was cruising with a 4-0 lead when Tucker Barnhart and Votto opened the fourth with singles and Suarez walked on a 3-2 pitch to load the bases . That brought up Duvall , who hit a drive into the seats in left-centre for their second career grand slam .
Suarez opened the sixth with a single , Duvall struck out and Schebler launched a shot 433 feet to right .
It was a disappointing finish for Arizona after a fast start .
Dyson led off the first with a single and Goldschmidt , moved up to second in the batting order in recent games , knocked Romano 's 1-1 pitch into the visitor 's bullpen for their seventh homer of the season . After Jake Lamb flew out , Murphy doubled to the left-centre gap and scored on David Peralta 's single , sliding in just ahead of Billy Hamilton 's throw from short centre field .
Share
Uber has put the brakes on its experimental autonomous vehicles in Phoenix , Pittsburgh , San Francisco , and Toronto following a deadly collision between an Uber vehicle and a woman in Tempe , Arizona , according to TV station ABC15 .
The incident likely marks the first pedestrian fatality involving an autonomous vehicle .
The news report said the woman , who was struck and later died from their injuries , was walking outside of the crosswalk ; ABC15 provided scant other details on the incident . A video from the station described the woman as a bicyclist , and showed an image of a twisted bike at the side of the road . While the car was reportedly operating in self-driving mode , someone was behind the wheel at the time , according to Tempe police . The National Transportation Safety Board said on Twitter that it planned to open an investigation of the incident , noting “ more to come . ”
Our hearts go out to the victim 's family . We 're fully cooperating with @ TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident . — Uber Comms ( @ Uber_Comms ) March 19 , 2018
“ Our hearts go out to the victim 's family . We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident , ” an Uber spokesperson told the TV station . Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi also tweeted their condolences about the sad news , noting that “ We 're thinking of the victim 's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened . ”
The company described the pause in its autonomous vehicle program as “ a standard move . ”
Arizona has seen an alarming number of pedestrian deaths this year . A report from the Governors Highway Safety Association released March 1 said Arizona had the highest rate of pedestrian fatalities in the nation , based on available data from 2017 .
Autonomous vehicles from Uber have been operating in Arizona since February 2017 as part of a national series of tests of self-driving vehicles .
We have reached out to Uber and the Temple Police Department for more information on this breaking news and will update this post when we learn more .
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Thousands of people attended the Youth Beatz festival at the weekend
Police are appealing for witnesses after an 11-year-old boy 's arm was broken in an assault at a music festival in Dumfries .
The incident happened at about 17:45 on Saturday near to the VIP tent at the Youth Beatz event in Dock Park .
Police are trying to trace two boys aged about 11 to 13 seen in the area around the time .
They are following a `` positive line of inquiry '' but anyone with information has been asked to come forward .
One boy has been described as over 5ft tall with short dark hair and was wearing dark blue shorts and a blue Lacoste polo shirt which had black sleeves and collar .
The other boy was under 5ft tall with short blond hair and was wearing jeans and a grey Ralph Lauren polo shirt .
Police said the pair were thought to have been playing with `` silly string '' before the incident .
Image caption Marcus Hutchins was arrested by the FBI on 2 August
A British cyber-security researcher has pleaded `` not guilty '' to charges of creating and selling malware that snooped on victims ' banking logins .
Marcus Hutchins , 23 , appeared in court in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
A trial has now been scheduled for October .
They shot to fame after helping to stall the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack that struck the NHS and affected many other organisations around the world in May .
Mr Hutchins was arrested by the FBI on 2 August .
The Milwaukee court has granted the cyber-security researcher permission to work and use the internet again , though they will not be allowed access to the server they used to stop WannaCry spreading .
They must surrender their passport and will be tracked in the US via GPS during their release .
Mr Hutchins faces six charges relating to the development and distribution Kronos , a well-known piece of malware that gathered financial information from infected computers .
A second defendant , who has not yet been named , was also included in the federal indictment against Mr Hutchins .
'Brilliant young man '
`` Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero , '' said Marcia Hoffman , one of their lawyers , who was speaking outside the court after the hearing .
`` He is going to vigorously defend themselves against these charges and when the evidence comes to light we are confident that they will be fully vindicated . ''
Brian Klein , a second lawyer , added : `` We are very pleased today that the court modified their terms , allowing them to return to their important work . ''
Mr Hutchins was arrested shortly after visiting the Black Hat and Def Con cyber-security conferences in Las Vegas .
The cyber-security researcher is from Ilfracombe , Devon and works for LA-based firm Kryptos Logic .
They were granted bail on 5 August after $ 30,000 ( £23,000 ) was raised by friends and family .
By Abby Hassler
Big Boi might be from Atlanta , but that did n't stop them from showing their love for The Golden Warriors in a recent run-in with TMZ . The Outkast rap legend revealed they won $ 100,000 betting on the Warriors during the NBA Finals .
Related : Big Boi Drops New Track ‘ Chocolate ' Featuring Trozé
In Game 5 of the Finals , the Warriors pulled out a 129-120 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers . Warriors newcomer and industry superstar Kevin Durant snagged the coveted MVP award .
TMZ also asked Big Boi if they thought the Warriors would visit the White House . Their answer was short but definitive : “ No . ”
Watch the video below .
By WILL Grave
AP Sports Writer
The coordinator of the women 's national team for USA Gymnastics has stepped down , the latest departure to rock the embattled organization in the wake of a sexual abuse scandal centered on former team doctor Larry Nassar .
Valeri Liukin made the announcement on Friday , less than 18 months after taking over for Martha Karolyi in September 2016 .
Liukin said in a statement that while they wanted to help turn the program around , `` the present climate causes me , and more importantly my family , far too much stress , difficulty and uncertainty . ''
USA Gymnastics thanked for `` for their dedication and contributions to the sport of gymnastics '' and said it will begin the search for their replacement immediately . Liukin 's decision came just days after the USA Gymnastics board of directors stepped down under pressure from the United States Olympic committee .
The USOC announced Friday it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation into decades-long abuse by Nassar , a longtime doctor for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University who is awaiting sentencing for assault charges against athletes at a Michigan gym . Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison on similar charges in a separate case completed last week and was previously sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges .
Dozens of women have filed civil lawsuits against Nassar and USA Gymnastics , with at least one lawsuit also naming Bela and Martha Karolyi as co-defendants . Liukin has not been named as a co-defendant in any of the pending litigation .
Liukin , a four-time Olympic medalist while competing for the Soviet Union , is the father of 2008 Olympic all-around champion Nastia Liukin . They are the longtime owner of World Olympic Gymnastics Academy in Texas and served as the elite development coordinator for USA Gymnastics from 2013 until taking over for Karolyi shortly after the 2016 Olympics .
Liukin says it 's time for them to move in a different direction right now , but they will still support and encourage athletes and coaches from a different vantage point .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WBA lightweight champion Katie Taylor feels they are fully ready to top a bill as a professional for the first time ahead of Wednesday night 's title defence against Jessica McCaskill at York Hall .
Taylor heads a card that contains several of Matchroom Boxing 's rising stars such as Josh Kelly , Conor Benn and Lawrence Okolie , as well as a European title fight for Martin Ward .
McCaskill and their team have been calling out Taylor on social media in recent months and have been granted a shot at the belt for the Bray boxer 's first defence .
Taylor , who won the crown in October in Cardiff , said at a press conference today : `` I ca n't wait . It has been an incredible year so far . This sets me up to end the year on a high .
`` The camp has been great , I just want to kick on when it comes to Wednesday evening . I 've always made it known that I want to be involved in the biggest and best fights possible .
`` I 'm looking forward to another big challenge . Jessica is a great fighter and I want people to see the best of women 's boxing . These are the fights I want .
`` My dream is to unify the division . I 'm not looking past Wednesday , my aim is to win to set me up nicely for a big , big year in 2018 . ''
They added to BoxingSocial about being the lead fighter on the show : `` I did n't think it was going to happen this quickly that I would headline a card .
`` This is the sort of platform I 've always wanted where I headline my own show . It 's such a wonderful card to be boxing on in such an historic venue . I really ca n't wait . ''
Promoter Eddie Hearn initially planned to give Taylor a break until 2018 but capitalised on the publicity of Taylor securing their first belt by adding this show for the Olympic gold medallist to star in .
McCaskill , with a record of five wins from six fights , was the ideal opponent according to the Matchroom supremo , given the constant requests for the fight from their counterpart , and as a result publicity .
Hearn said : `` Sometimes in boxing you have to make noise to get the opportunity and certainly Team McCaskill have made a lot of noise over the last couple of months .
`` They 've got their opportunity because they are highly-raked with the WBA but secondly because they made a lot of noise .
`` It 's the first time I 've seen the bit between Katie Taylor 's teeth where they saw a lot of people talking and said they wanted a fight and 'This is the fight that I want now ' . ''
McCaskill , whiile offering plenty of respect to the champion , said they see weaknesses in Taylor that they can be capitalised upon .
The 33-year-old added : `` We had a great camp and we 're ready to get going . I think there are a lot of opportunities in this fight .
`` A lot of the good things you see about Katie Taylor are in highlights . If you watch the actual fight there are a lot of mistakes .
`` There are opportunities there and I intend on taking advantage of that . ''
`` Fake news '' can sway not just elections , but the stock market . Now the SEC is cracking down .
The stocks and securities regulator charged 27 firms and individuals Monday with fraudulently promoting stocks through secretly paid-for articles on top financial websites . The sites included Forbes.com , Yahoo Finance , Seeking Alpha , Motley Fool , Benzinga , and Wall Street Cheat Sheet . None of the sites were named in the complaint .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson REUTERS
According to the SEC complaint , companies hired PR and communication firms to drive publicity for their stocks , and those companies in turned hired writers who did n't disclose to readers or publishers they 'd been paid to write the articles . The authors submitted them to the financial information sites .
It 's illegal for a company that pays someone to write or publish articles about its stocks to not disclose the payments .
More than 250 of the articles were accompanied by disclosures that falsely declared the writer had n't been compensated to write them , the SEC said in its complaint .
Authors sometimes used pseudonyms , like `` Christine Andrews , '' `` Equity Options Guru , '' `` Kingmaker , '' `` Matt Levy '' and `` Wonderful Wizard . '' A single writer used as many as nine pseudonyms , the SEC said . One of the fake profiles listed themselves as `` an analyst and fund manager with almost 20 years of investment experience . ''
The bullish articles focused on biotech firms , with headlines like `` Another Revival Could Be In Store For ImmunoCellular Therapeutic , '' `` A Small Canadian Health Care Provider With Potential , '' and `` 3 Companies Developing The Future Of Cancer Therapy . ''
Security promotion schemes have been around for years , from boiler room operations to spam email hawking penny stocks .
But the incursion of deceptive investment advice into mainstream financial websites represents something of a new frontier for SEC action , prompting the agency to also issue an investor alert .
`` Stock promotion schemes may be conducted through investment research websites , '' said Lori Schock , Director of the SEC 's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy in a press release . `` Investors looking for objective investment information should be aware that fraudsters may use these websites to profit at investors ' expense . ''
Mike Taylor , a Seeking Alpha managing editor , said in an email that its policies `` act as a strong deterrent against potential promotions , '' including documenting `` all authors ' claims to not having been compensated by third parties . ''
Benzinga said in an email that it uses a disclaimer to identify articles from outside contributors , and that each `` does not represent the opinion of Benzinga and has not been edited . ''
Of the firms and individuals charged , 17 have agreed to settlements calling for penalties ranging from $ 2,200 to about $ 3 million , the SEC said . Cases are pending against the remaining 10 .
Image copyright Sussex Police Image caption Mircea Ilie ( left ) and Irinel Popovici were part of a crew of four fishermen whose boat sank off Shoreham
The bodies of two fishermen whose boat sank off Shoreham more than a week ago have been recovered , police have confirmed .
Mircea Ilie , 40 , and Irinel Popovici , 41 , both from Brighton , were part of a crew of four .
The sole survivor , a 45-year-old man from London , was found clinging to a buoy at 05:50 BST on 6 August , five hours after the vessel went down .
Romanian Traiam Dumitrache , 50 , was pronounced dead later that morning .
Image copyright Sussex Police Image caption Traiam Dumitrache was pronounced dead on 6 August
Mr Ilie , of Elm Grove , and Popovici , of Barcombe Road , were found two and a half miles off Shoreham Harbour at about 07:00 BST on Monday .
A fisherman alerted HM Coastguard to one body in the water . The RNLI Shoreham lifeboat was launched , and as they were returning to shore a second body was spotted in the water just before 08:00 .
The boat is thought to have collided with the scallop dredger Vertrouwen , which was bound for Grimsby .
`` Police are now in touch with the owners , MacDuff Shellfish Ltd , who are co-operating fully with the investigation , '' a police spokesperson said .
Image copyright Eddie Mitchell Image caption Lifeboat crews and coastguard carried out searches along the West Sussex coast
The small boat with the four pleasure fishermen on board left Shoreham Harbour at around midnight .
It collided with the larger boat at about 00:30 and sank before a distress call could be made .
A commercial fisherman came across the only survivor , while Mr Dumitrache 's body was recovered by a coastguard helicopter .
The Marine Accident Investigation Branch is examining what happened .
GENEVA : North Korea said on Tuesday its missile launches were “ self-defense measures , ” rejecting UN Security Council criticism of its weekend test , but the US demanded international action against Pyongyang 's weapons programs .
North Korea 's ballistic missile firing on Sunday was its first direct challenge to the international community since US President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20 .
The missile had a range of more than 2,000 kms , according to South Korea 's intelligence agency . It reached an altitude of about 550 km and flew about 500 km toward Japan before splashing into the sea east of the Korean peninsula .
The UN Security Council on Monday denounced the launch , urging members to “ redouble efforts ” to enforce sanctions against the reclusive state , but gave no indications of any action it might take .
Han Tae Song , the new Ambassador of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) to the UN in Geneva , addressed the UN-backed Conference on Disarmament a day after taking up their post .
“ The various test fires conducted by DPRK for building up self-defense capabilities are , with no exception , self-defense measures to protect national sovereignty and the safety of the people against direct threats by hostile forces , ” Han told the 61-member-state forum .
“ My delegation strongly rejects the latest statement of the UN Security Council and all UN resolutions against my country . ”
US Ambassador Robert Wood said : “ All efforts to advance North Korea 's nuclear weapons and ballistic missile capabilities must cease , ” adding : “ If ever there were a situation that called for international collective action to ensure our mutual security , it is this . ”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Battle of Britain was marshalled from a bunker at RAF Uxbridge , near to the club
A last-ditch bid to save an RAF club next to the base where the Battle of Britain was co-ordinated has started .
The Battle of Britain Club in Uxbridge , west London , will close when its lease is handed back to the Ministry of Defence ( MOD ) to clear its debts .
Chairman Alan Wright said the club was a `` vital part of local history '' but the Royal Air Force Association ( RAFA ) had decided it was `` no longer viable '' .
RAFA said closure was the `` only viable option '' .
Image copyright Battle of Britain Club Image caption The Nissen huts originally formed part of a US Air Force field Hospital in Prestwick , Scotland
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Battle of Britain has become known as a turning point for Britain during World War Two
The closure of the club is due to coincide with the 100th anniversary year of the RAF .
It consists of two prefabricated Nissen huts which were once part of a US Air Force field hospital and was officially opened on 8 September 1951 .
The facilities are used by the RAFA Uxbridge branch and the Battle of Britain Club whose membership includes numerous RAF veterans , as well as by local community groups .
Due to the club 's debts it is set to close on 9 July , a day before the 78th anniversary of the beginning of the Battle of Britain .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption During the battle , German forces launched an attack on Britain 's air defences but the RAF withstood the attack and Germany called off its invasion plans
It is understood the club had not been billed for its rent for 16 years and so had not paid .
The MOD then billed the club earlier this year for the outstanding £160,000 but is only able to demand £60,000 as it can only claim debts going back six years .
Mr Wright has set up a petition calling on RAFA , which holds the lease , to stop the closure and is searching for investors to help raise revenue .
They told the Local Democracy Reporting Service : `` I appeal for the support of the members , the local community and wider for this fight in the hope we can save the club and keep this vital part of local history . ''
Ailsa Gough , area director south east and eastern at RAFA , said financial reports `` clearly show significant long-term debts '' which `` can not be covered by the club '' .
They added RAFA were supporting organisers `` to find alternative premises for their meetings , so they can continue to support members of the RAF family in their area . ''
A “ paedophile hunter ” says they snared a man at a Wigan railway station after tricking them into thinking they were meeting a 14-year-old girl .
The man was reportedly caught arriving at Wigan North Western on Thursday evening , having travelled to the town from Liverpool in the hopes of meeting the teenager .
Unbeknownst to him , they had actually been speaking with 28-year-old Danny Holding from Hindley , who was lying in wait and armed with pictures and screenshots of the vile conversations .
“ He 'd been talking to what they thought was a 14-year-old for a number of weeks , ” Danny said .
“ He 'd been planning to take them back to Liverpool , get them drunk and teach them how to perform sexual acts on themselves and him .
“ He arrived at about 6.58pm . I noticed him , went over and asked them to come outside , and we went around to the back of the station . ”
After questioning the man for around 10 minutes , Danny summoned a security guard from the station , who in turn contacted British Transport Police ( BTP ) . Officers took a statement from Danny before taking the would-be paedophile away .
“ He had been very calm , ” Danny said .
“ He kept asking me not to read out what he 'd been messaging this ‘ girl ' , because they were disgusted with himself . But they were very aware of what they were doing , and what they said . ”
But Danny was quick to stress that the work by themselves and other sting operations was not strictly not vigilantism .
They said : “ I just meet these people , question them , I tell them from the start that they are not under threat . Then we pass them on to the police . ”
Last September , the UK 's lead police officer on child protection said that self-professed paedophile hunters could soon have an official role in helping police operations , due to budget cuts .
Video
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko , widely reported to have been assassinated in Kiev on Tuesday , has turned up alive at a press conference .
In an extraordinary development , the high-profile critic of the Kremlin appeared live on Ukrainian TV .
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A & M
1:23
UNC 's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A & M in NCAA tournament
0:51
Will words and gestures replace plastic cards and cash ?
The man who invented an early form of text messaging for fixed line networks while working at BT believes that in the future people will use words and gestures to pay for transactions , ditching payment cards altogether .
Dr Ian Pearson , who lays claim to being one of the earliest inventors of text messaging back in October 1991 , now runs a technology futures consultancy , Futurizon .
Ruminating over recent advances in biometrics , Pearson is unimpressed by the continuing dominance of plastic cards in physical locations .
“ Contactless technology is a compromise , still needing to get your card close to a reader , '' they say . `` Soon , people will complete a transaction just with a simple gesture and a few words . Gesturing towards someone and saying ‘ Here is £13.46 ' is quite enough to combine the voice and gesture recognition with the presence of your smartphone as electronic identification . ”
Pearson 's views come as Nationwide Building Society releases new research conducted among 2000 UK consumers which finds that six in ten , believe that by 2037 they will be able to pay for items in shops using just their thumbprint , and around a quarter ( 23 % ) think they will be paying using a microchip implanted in their hand .
Despite the willingness to embrace new technology , contradictory Brits ca n't quite see a cardless and cashless future arriving any time soon . More than half of those polled by Natiownide believe that debit cards ( 56 % ) and credit cards ( 53 % ) will still be used by 2037 , while 43 % think cash will still be relevant .
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly , a release date can change at very short notice . Usually the closer a film is to its release date , the less likely its release date ( and any other information ) will change .
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website . The links are provided `` as is '' with no warranty , express or implied , for the information provided within them .
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
2:43
They rap their way to 2017 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year title
1:21
Columbus bus driver talks about their termination from Metra over horn issue
2:26
RALEIGH , N.C. — Officers are shown tackling and punching a man on newly released video of an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff 's deputy .
Dashboard camera video released Wednesday from one of the first troopers to arrive shows Kyron Hinton standing alone late on April 3 , moaning and gesturing on a Raleigh street . More than a half-dozen officers from multiple agencies surround them as cars pass .
Eventually a canine handler approaches , with the dog barking . The handler yells : “ Get on the ground ; you 're gon na get bit ! ”
When Hinton does n't comply , the officer releases the dog , which lunges and gets a mouthful of Hinton 's clothing . The canine handler then grabs Hinton 's upper torso and pulls them down , the video shows .
While Hinton is on the ground , at least one other officer can be seen punching him . Others hold onto their legs to try to subdue him .
The videos from three law enforcement agencies were released Wednesday to news outlets including The Associated Press after they went to court to request they be made public . North Carolina law generally requires a judge 's order for the release of police dashboard or body camera footage .
Wake County Master Deputy Cameron Broadwell , a canine handler , was charged earlier this month with two counts of felony assault in an indictment alleging that they hit Hinton with their hands and attacked them with the dog .
Troopers Michael G. Blake and Tabithia L. Davis were charged with one count each of felony assault ; the Wake County indictment alleges they hit Hinton with their flashlights .
All three are also charged with wilfully failing to discharge duties , a misdemeanour . Each has been placed on administrative duty .
Broadwell 's attorneys write in court documents that Hinton was acting in a threatening manner , appeared intoxicated and refused to comply with commands from officers . The attorneys noted that five people had called 911 to report Hinton standing in the middle of the busy street “ screaming , yelling , and acting in a threatening manner . ”
Broadwell 's attorney Rick Gammon declined further comment Wednesday . Attorneys for Blake and Davis did n't immediately respond to messages seeking comment on the videos .
Initially , Hinton was charged with disorderly conduct , resisting officers and attacking a law enforcement dog , according to arrest records . The charges were later dropped .
Hinton has said that they suffered an eye injury during the arrest that required surgery . They also told reporters earlier this month that they still have scars from being bitten by the law enforcement dog .
“ When you see the actual video footage , it 's worse than a horror movie , ” they said earlier this month .
——
Follow Drew at http : //www.twitter.com/JonathanLDrew
Image copyright AFP Image caption The command has about 375,000 military and civilian personnel
The US is renaming its largest military command to reflect the growing importance of the Indian Ocean in America 's strategic thinking .
Defence Secretary James Mattis said the US Pacific Command would now be called the US Indo-Pacific Command .
The command oversees US operations in Asia . It has about 375,000 military and civilian personnel .
The name change comes amid tensions with China , which has been expanding its military activity in the region .
`` In recognition of the increasing connectivity of the Indian and Pacific Oceans today we rename the US Pacific Command to the US Indo-Pacific Command , '' Mr Mattis said at a change-of-command ceremony in Hawaii .
`` It is our primary combatant command , it 's standing watch and intimately engaged with over half of the earth 's surface and its diverse populations , from Hollywood to Bollywood , from polar bears to penguins . ''
Mr Mattis added that the command 's history of adapting to changing circumstances would continue as the US focused westwards .
Analysts believe that while symbolic for the moment , the name change also reflects India 's growing regional importance .
“ I ca n't wait to begin recording at Castle where some of the most talented artists in country music have recorded . ”
West Palm Beach , Florida to Nashville , Tennessee ( PRUnderground ) December 11th , 2017
Nashville recording artisit and upcoming country singer/songwriter , Ryan Montgomery , officially begins their journey from West Palm Beach to Nashville on December 11th to begin recording their debut EP at Castle Recording Studios , a world-class recording studio tucked just ouside of “ The Row ” .
A South Florida native , Ryan Montgomery has carefully selected 6 original songs , out of their 200-plus original songbank , to include on their debut EP scheduled for release in the Spring of 2018 .
“ I have been playing these 6 original songs at live venues over the past few months and am super excited about how the fans respond to them . ”
Ryan Montgomery has been working with one of the world 's top vocal coaches , Renee Grant-Williams , who has coached some country and pop music 's top artisits including : Garth Brooks , Tim McGraw , Keith Urban , Jason Aldeen , Carrie Underwood , Faith Hill , Miley Cyrus and Christina Aguilera , just to name a few .
Nashville 's top session players have been chosen by Ryan Montgomery 's producer , Beau Maxwell , and tracking officially begins on December 13th at the Castle which has been host to legends such as Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton to today 's chart toppers such as Chris Stapleton , Faith Hill and Keith Urban .
For more information on Ryan Montgomery please visit :
Website : https : //ryanmontgomerymusic.net
Instagram : https : //www.instagram.com/ryanmontgomerymusic/
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/ryanmontgomerymusic/
Twitter : https : //twitter.com/ryan_m_music
About Ryan Montgomery
Ryan Montgomery is pleased to announce that they will be recording their debut EP at Castle Recording Studios in Nashville this December and January with a planned release in the spring of 2018 .
Born and raised in South Florida , Ryan is an up and coming country singer/songwriter who , at age 19 , has written well over 200 songs and performed at numerous venues sharing the stage with top country artists such as Josh Thompson , Chase Bryant and Dustin Lynch .
A self-taught musician , Ryan began playing guitar at the age of 5 and being a lefty played their guitar upside down for years until figuring out that they were playing guitar the “ wrong way ” .
” Music has always been my passion for as long as I can remember . When I was a little kid I used to sit absolutely transfixed whenever there was any kind of live music available to watch knowing that I wanted to perform like that one day . ”
Besides singing , songwriting and playing guitar , Ryan also enjoys playing bass , drums , and piano . Ryan is currently enrolled in the BBA program at Florida Atlantic University while pursuing their music career in the country music industry .
For more information on Ryan Montgomery , please visit :
Website : ryanmontgomerymusic.net
Instagram : @ ryanmontgomerymusic
Facebook : @ ryanmontgomerymusic
JEDDAH : One of Yemen 's leading politicians has called on all parties to put an end to the fighting in their country .
Mohammed Abulahoum , chairperson of Justice and Building Party in Yemen , made a series of recommendations during their lecture at the Middle East Institute in Washington , D.C .
“ Enough of this fighting , ” they told Arab News on Monday as they explained their proposals . “ Now is the time to get to the table ( for talks ) . Let us put our differences aside and let us go forward . ”
They hoped all parties would come to their senses “ and deliver something positive to the Yemeni people before the onset of Ramadan. ” The holy month begins around May 27 .
Abulahoum reiterated that Yemenis have never counted Tehran as an ally .
“ Iran has never been , and can never be , an ally of Yemen , ” they said . “ Our permanent allies have always been , and will always be , the Saudis and the Gulf states . ”
During their visit to Washington , Abulahoum met with senior members of the Trump administration .
The lecture at the Middle East Institute was delivered last week and Abulahoum 's message of reconciliation was met with positive response .
Opening the lecture , they said : “ I 'm not here to defend or attack . My main objective today is to find ways to help ordinary citizens who are affected the most rather than to help the conflicting factions . ”
They said Iran had played a negative role in the region . “ We ca n't deny that they have ambitions in the region and have played a destabilizing role by supporting non-state armed groups , ” they said . “ Yemenis do n't view Iran as an ally . ”
They blamed their country and other regional powers for “ mishandling ” the situation and inadvertently helping Iran . “ Iran 's investment in Yemen is minimal , ( but ) the return has been high due to us and other regional powers mishandling the situation , ” they said .
They said Yemen will always be “ either a point of strength or weakness ” to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf . “ It is about time that we all work together to ensure that Yemen is a source of stability — after all , this is the only option we have , ” said Abulahoum .
They urged the new US administration to play its part . “ The Trump administration has a critical role to play , ” they said . “ Not only in Yemen but the whole region . ”
Addressing the Trump administration directly , they said : “ Our region is waiting to see what you will do in an area facing many challenges . You can start by helping Yemen become a success story in an area that desperately needs hope . ”
They listed the challenges that stared the region in the face . “ There is a humanitarian challenge as a result of hunger , ” they said . “ If not properly dealt with immediately , we will face a catastrophic situation . ”
Then , they said , there is the danger of the expansion of radical groups , such as Daesh and Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) , as a result of fighting and the absence of a state .
“ There is no time to waste ; Yemenis have suffered enough , ” they said . “ This conflict has torn the country apart . In order to move forward , we need direct constructive talks with all conflicting groups , including the side led by ( Ali Abdullah ) Saleh . ”
They said one needed to accept the situation in order to move forward . “ We might not like the idea of talking to all sides . However , we have to put everything aside and have constructive talks . We need no spoilers , ” they said .
The UN special envoy needs the support and pressure from all sides in order to go back into negotiations with the willingness to compromise , they said .
“ Here , I suggest we should include Russia , France and China in the Group of 4 , plus Oman , since the five members of the UN Security Council have had a united and a positive position since the first day of the conflict in Yemen , ” they said .
In the south , they said , the legitimate government has to play a more productive role with all sides and not favor one over the other , especially not favoring the ones that sacrificed most in Aden during liberation .
They suggested a four-point formula to end the fighting . “ One , a temporary cease-fire that will allow humanitarian access to all parts of the country on the condition that airstrikes will come to a halt , cross-border fighting and attacks will stop , no missiles will be fired , and that the Houthis will deliver a security plan for Sanaa in no later than 30 days , ” they said .
Abulahoum 's second point concerns the port of Hodeidah . “ It should be kept open and operate fully for all cargo under UN supervision and the Houthis should pull back from the port to an agreed upon location . After a UN inspection , shipments at the port should be handed to business people who will then distribute them to different parts of the country , ” they said , and added : “ Any interception by the Houthis will result in the deal being canceled . ”
Point No . 3 of the Abulahoum plan is for Sanaa airport to resume flights with clear conditions and satisfactory inspections in order to serve those most in need .
Lastly , the formation of an interim government that will work with the GCC with a clear mandate to focus on reconciliation , stabilizing and preparing the country for elections within a specified time frame .
“ These four points should pave the way for going back to the negotiating table with the intent of reaching a political solution that is desperately needed , ” added Abulahoum .
Image copyright Claire Nelson/Instagram Image caption Claire Nelson recalls `` a moment of complete and utter terror ''
Tourist Claire Nelson never imagined one of those terrifying stranded-in-the-desert ordeals could happen to them Then they fell from a boulder and shattered their hip , finding themselves immobile and alone in a sun-baked wilderness .
When Claire 's friends in Southern California asked them to cat sit at their home near Joshua Tree National Park for a few weeks , they were more than happy to accept .
The New Zealander had hiked before in the Joshua Tree park and loved the desert landscape with its `` Dr Seuss-like '' trees and cacti .
Early one morning , they drove out to the wilderness for a six-hour hike . They stocked up with several litres of water , a hiking stick , and sunscreen .
`` I was feeling very much like this is where I want to be right now , '' Claire told the BBC .
At 08:30 , Claire spoke to a guide at the information centre about the route . They described it as a moderate hike on a nice trail .
Claire followed the trail for two miles , and then realised they could n't locate the three-mile marker . They decided to take a break , resting on one of the giant boulders while figuring out the route .
`` It was when I stood up to get down from the rock , I was quite high up , and it was so slippery that I immediately went down , '' Claire said .
`` I knew there was nothing I could do to stop myself . It was like going in slow motion . My head was just going : No , no , no , no . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The national park is full of precarious boulders
'Complete and utter terror '
`` I landed with a massive crack and my whole body filled with pain . My immediate thought was 'this is bad ' . ''
Claire had landed on their left side , shattering their pelvis . They tried to get up , but found they could not move . They tried to call emergency services , but their phone had no signal .
`` This was something I thought would n't happen to me - not because I thought I was a pro-hiker - it just seemed like such an extreme scenario that you do n't imagine that this happens in real life .
`` I hike a lot on my own and I came to think I 'm fairly sensible about hiking but I suddenly realised how foolish I 'd been .
`` I thought , ' I ca n't believe I 'm in a situation where I 'm out here alone , people do n't know I 'm here , I 've injured myself and I have no way of contact anybody . '
`` That was a moment of complete and utter terror . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Claire said where they fell had less greenery than the rest of the park
Staying alive
`` I did panic at first , '' Claire said . But their thoughts quickly turned practical : they would need to manage their pain , keep away from the sun and conserve water to survive .
`` I just knew that the only thing I could control was how long I could stay alive for . ''
Claire took some aspirin which they had in their pack to help with the pain .
They used a stick and plastic bag to create a curtain from the sun .
When their water ran out the next day , Claire drank their own urine to survive .
`` I was filming little videos from the moment I fell just in case anyone found me , to explain what happened . I have n't watched them yet . I 'm unsure whether I want to .
`` These little singular thoughts would pop into my head and they drove me forward . I want to see this person again . I want to taste this again . I want to go to this place again .
`` And the idea of my loved ones finding me in a desert - I could n't bear to do that to them . ''
Claire spent four days and three nights alone and injured in the desert . They told the BBC they split their days into little goals to pass the time .
Image copyright Facebook
The first half of the day they screamed for help . The second half they spent avoiding the sun and staving off heat stroke .
They thankfully had no run-ins with rattlesnakes or coyotes .
`` I did see some kestrels hovering above me menacingly , sensing death - around and around above me . ''
The rescue
`` Every day as night fell , I was getting more and more despondent that no one had come , '' Claire said .
`` On the fourth day it was particularly hot and I was really struggling to keep my spirits up . I started to give up hope .
`` I drifted in and out of sleep thinking , how much longer can I go on ? ''
In the late afternoon , Claire first heard the helicopter . They thought they were hallucinating .
`` Then I hear them call my name , 'Claire we 're looking for you . '
`` I was on my back in a small sort of circle of boulders and they ca n't see me . I 'm screaming at the top of my lungs and they ca n't hear me . ''
They made a makeshift scarecrow from their hiking stick and sun curtain and threw their remaining energy into waving it .
Them efforts paid off , and rescue workers soon came down to them
`` They said they were so used to finding people in a very bad way and there 's me , over the moon at being discovered , having a laugh .
`` They were gobsmacked . ''
Image copyright Claire Nelson/Instagram Image caption The New Zealand native had lived in London before recently moving to Toronto
'When the bill arrives , I do n't know what 's going to be on it '
An array of blood tests and scans was waiting for Claire at the Desert Regional Medical Center .
They have had multiple X-rays , a CT scan , and had reconstructive surgery for their pelvis . They are on painkillers , muscle relaxants and an IV drip .
But the American healthcare system has left them `` with a lot of question marks and ifs and buts '' , they said .
`` I do know it 's getting expensive because I 'm being scanned for every pill I take , every injection I get . I have a barcode and everything 's going on a tab somewhere . It 's disconcerting .
`` The care I 've received at this hospital is incredible , but it 's a lot of unknowns .
`` When that bill arrives , I do n't know what 's going to be on it . ''
Them friends set up a fundraising page to help cover the mounting costs .
`` I 've been absolutely overwhelmed by messages of support , '' they said .
Claire has begun physiotherapy and says she 's `` learning to walk again '' .
She 's most looking forward to being independent once more .
By Annie Reuter
Future surprised their fans today with the news that he 'll drop a brand-new album on Friday ( Feb. 17 ) . And they announced summer tour dates as well .
Related : Kendrick Lamar , Future , Lil Wayne to Headline Rolling Loud 2017
The rapper revealed the album news with a link to the 17-track listing on iTunes . However , Future is keeping things cryptic ; not much is known about the album and the songs that have appeared on iTunes have no titles or collaboration information .
“ I was preparing the feast . U walked away from the table too soon , ” they write .
Future was far more specific about their 2017 Nobody Safe Tour , which will also feature Migos , Tory Lanez , and Kodak Black . Young Thug and A $ AP Ferg will play select dates . See the complete summer tour dates below :
I was preparing the feast . U walked away from the table too soon smarturl.it/FUTURE.iTunes —
FUTURE/FREEBANDZ ( @ 1future ) February 14 , 2017
Nobody Safe 2017 Tour Dates :
5/4 – Memphis , Tenn. @ FedEx Forum
5/5 – Atlanta , Ga. @ Lakewood Amphitheatre
5/6 – New Orleans , La . @ Bold Sphere Music at Champion Square
5/9 – Jackson , Miss . @ Mississippi Coliseum
5/11 – Bristow , Va. @ Jiffy Lube Live
5/12 – Camden , N.J. @ BB & T Pavilion
5/13 – Raleigh , N.C. @ Walnut Creek Amphitheatre
5/14 – Charlotte , N.C. @ PNC Music Pavilion
5/16 – Toronto , Can . @ Budweiser Stage
5/18 – Holmdel , N.J. @ PNC Bank Arts Center
5/19 – Brooklyn , N.Y. @ Barclays Center
5/20 – Hartford , Conn. @ Xfinity Theater
5/23 – Mansfield , Mass . @ Xfinity Center
5/24 – Darien Center , N.Y. @ Darien Lake Performing Arts Center
5/25 – Pittsburgh , Pa. @ Keybank Pavilion
5/27 – Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio @ Blossom Music Center
5/28 – Detroit , Mich. @ DTE Energy Music Theater
5/31 – Cincinnati , Ohio @ Riverbend Music Center
6/1 – St. Louis , Mo . @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
6/2 – Chicago , Ill. @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
6/3 – Indianapolis , Ind . @ Klipsch Music Center
6/4 – Kansas City , Kan. @ Sprint Center
6/7 – Edmonton , Can . @ Rogers Place
6/9 – Vancouver , Can . @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
6/10 – Seattle , Wash. @ White River Amphitheatre
6/11 – Ridgefield , Wash. @ Sunlight Amphitheatre
6/13 – Denver , Colo. @ Pepsi Center
6/15 – Mountainview , Calif. @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/22 – Houston , Texas @ Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/23 – Austin , Texas @ Austin360 Amphitheatre
6/24 – Dallas , Texas @ Starplex Pavilion
6/28 – Phoenix , Ariz. @ AK-Chin Pavilion
6/29 – Albuquerque , N.M. @ Isleta Amphitheatre
6/30 – Las Vegas , Nev. @ T-Mobile Arena
Trump claims memo ‘ totally vindicates ' them in Russia probe
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into their campaign 's possible Russia ties . But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and their allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller 's inquiry .
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI , when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate , relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats . At the same time , the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier , and was “ triggered ” by information involving a different campaign aide .
Christopher Steele , the former spy who compiled the allegations , acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments . But they also are a “ longtime FBI source ” with a credible track record , according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , and their staff .
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request , but was approved by a judge on four occasions , the memo says , and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department , Rod Rosenstein , whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general .
Trump , however , tweeted from Florida , where they were spending the weekend , that the memo puts them in the clear .
——
Police : Extreme-right gunman shoots 6 Africans in Italy
MILAN ( AP ) — An Italian gunman with extreme right-wing sympathies shot and wounded six African immigrants Saturday in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree , authorities said , terrorizing a small Italian city where a Nigerian man had been arrested days earlier in a teenager 's gruesome killing .
Police photos showed the shooting suspect with a neo-Nazi tattoo prominently on their forehead as they sat in custody and an Italian flag tied around their neck as they were arrested in the central Italian city of Macerata , . Authorities identified them as Luca Traini , a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record .
Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League 's list in a local election last year in Corridonia , the party confirmed , but its mayoral candidate lost the race . The news agency ANSA quoted friends of theirs as saying that Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound .
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme . Italy has struggled with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of migrants in the last few years coming across the Mediterranean Sea in smugglers ' boats .
After the attack , Premier Paolo Gentiloni warned in Rome that “ the state will be particularly severe against whoever thinks of feeding the spiral of violence . ”
——
AP FACT CHECK : Trump 's week of faulty claims
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump struck a variety of false notes in their big speech to Congress this past week and followed up with a curious coda — a plain-as-your-face exaggeration about the TV audience that tuned in for it .
A look at some of Trump 's recent statements , from their State of the Union address and beyond :
TRUMP : “ Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech . 45.6 million people watched , the highest number in history. ” — tweet Wednesday .
THE FACTS : Not the highest in history . Trump 's TV viewership as measured by Nielsen ( 45.6 million , as they said ) trailed that for first State of the Union speeches by Barack Obama ( 48 million ) , George W. Bush ( 51.7 million ) and Bill Clinton ( 46.8 million ) .
Trump also got more TV viewers in their first speech to Congress a year ago ( 47.7 million ) than in their first State of the Union address Tuesday night .
——
In drug crisis hotbed , hoping for action on Trump 's words
CINCINNATI ( AP ) — President Donald Trump heads to Ohio on Monday to make Cincinnati-area stops focusing on the new tax overhaul — though some in a state with one of the nation 's highest overdose rates would rather hear more about their plans for the drug crisis .
In Newtown , outside Cincinnati , Police Chief Tom Synan said they found Trump 's comments on opioids in their State of the Union address to be “ much of the same . There are very convincing words and there 's yet to be very convincing actions . ”
Synan , a law enforcement representative on the Cincinnati-based Hamilton County Heroin Coalition , wrote a column recently for The Cincinnati Enquirer calling for more urgency in the national response .
Trump 's declaration of a public health emergency in October , they wrote , has n't been backed by more federal funding .
“ We need that help to allow us to get to the next level , ” Synan said in an interview . “ There are so many more things that could be done , so many more people we could help . ”
——
Warren Buffett on hand as Navy commissions the newest warship
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) — The U.S. Navy on Saturday commissioned its newest warship , the USS Omaha , a futuristic , $ 440 million vessel named for the Nebraska hometown of billionaire Warren Buffett , who was on hand for the ceremony .
The Omaha , a 218-foot-long littoral combat ship , was commissioned at its new home port in San Diego .
Buffett 's daughter , Susie Buffett , who was designated as the ship 's sponsor , gave the traditional order for officers and crew : “ Man our ship and bring them to life . ”
“ Aye , aye , ma'am , ” they replied and ran to the ship as a band struck up “ Anchors Aweigh . ”
The aluminum-clad Omaha is designed for missions close to shore . It has high-tech computer capabilities and can be reconfigured for various missions , including anti-submarine warfare and anti-mine operations .
——
Trump seized on what memo could mean even before reading it
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Even before he 'd read the memo , President Donald Trump seized on what it could mean .
The president first learned of the House Intelligence Committee document last month from some Republican allies in Congress and they watched it take hold in the conservative media , including on some of their favourite Fox News programs , according to seven White House officials and outside advisers .
The classified memo sent to the Oval Office by the committee 's majority Republicans asserted that the FBI and Justice Department abused their surveillance powers to monitor the communications of a onetime Trump campaign associate . Trump told confidants in recent days that they believed the memo would validate their concerns that the “ deep state ” — an alleged shadowy network of powerful entrenched federal and military interests — had conspired to undermine the legitimacy of their presidency , according to one outside adviser .
That adviser and the others were n't authorized to publicly discuss private conversation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Trump 's decision to authorize the memo 's public disclosure was extraordinary , yet part of a recent pattern . Like few of their predecessors , Trump has delivered repeated broadsides against intelligence and law enforcement agencies , working in tandem with some conservatives to lay the groundwork to either dismiss or discredit special counsel Robert Mueller , who is leading the Russia investigation .
——
Uma Thurman levels accusations against Weinstein , Tarantino
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Actress Uma Thurman , in long-awaited remarks , accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves on them sexually years ago in a London hotel room . Weinstein , through their attorney , acknowledged making an “ awkward pass ” but strongly denied any physical assault and suggested the possibility of legal action over their comments .
In a separate allegation in the same New York Times article on Saturday , Thurman also said “ Kill Bill ” director Quentin Tarantino during filming coerced them into driving a car that they believed to be faulty , resulting in injuries including a permanently damaged neck , a concussion and damage to their knees . A representative for Tarantino did not immediately reply to a request for comment .
Thurman 's allegations against Weinstein , who has been accused of rape , assault or other sexual misconduct by scores of women , had been widely anticipated since they hinted late last year that they had a story to tell but wanted to wait until they were less angry . Them story came in an interview with Times columnist Maureen Dowd .
“ I used the word ‘ anger , ' but I was more worried about crying , to tell you the truth , ” Thurman was quoted as saying . “ I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true . So what you really saw was a person buying time . ”
Thurman said that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with them suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading them to a steam room but that they did not feel threatened . They said that the first “ attack ” — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London .
——
Ryan tweets about a $ 1.50 paycheque boost , then deletes it
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — House Speaker Paul Ryan has highlighted on Twitter a school secretary benefiting from the Republican tax overhaul , then deleted the tweet after online criticism that they are cheering an increase of $ 1.50 a week .
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that changes in tax withholding were sparking bigger paychecks , citing as one example Julia Ketchum of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , whose check went up $ 1.50 a week .
Ryan on Saturday posted a Tweet noting the secretary 's increase and linking to the AP story . They have posted several other examples of worker pay increases and bonuses since the overhaul , some as much as $ 1,000 .
Ryan 's spokesperson did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
——
Poland 's top politician : Holocaust bill is ‘ misunderstood '
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) — The powerful leader of Poland 's ruling party said Saturday that the president should approve a divisive bill that criminalizes certain statements about the Holocaust .
Jaroslaw Kaczynski told Poland 's state radio that the bill — which has ignited a bitter dispute with Israel — is being misunderstood .
It penalizes anyone who blames Poles as a nation for the World War II crimes committed by Nazi Germany in occupied Poland . Some six million Polish citizens , half of them Jews , were killed under the Nazi occupation , in death camps , ghettos , prisons and other circumstances .
Although the bill exempts artistic and research work , Israel and the United States say the proposed law would infringe on free speech about the Holocaust .
Kaczynski said the bill “ is being interpreted totally wrong. ” They said it penalizes accusing Poles as a nation but not “ someone who says that somewhere , in some village , some place , a Jewish family or one Jewish person was murdered . ”
——
Brady wins MVP , Rams get 3 awards , Allen comeback player
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — For the third time , Tom Brady is the NFL 's Most Valuable Player .
Now they go for their sixth Super Bowl title , and perhaps with it a fifth MVP trophy for the NFL championship .
Brady added The Associated Press 2017 NFL MVP award Saturday night at NFL Honors to their wins in 2007 and 2010 . The New England Patriots quarterback was joined as an honoree by three Los Angeles Rams : Coach of the Year Sean McVay , Offensive Player of the Year running back Todd Gurley and Defensive Player of the Year tackle Aaron Donald .
Other winners in voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league were Los Angeles Chargers receiver Keenan Allen as Comeback Player ; New Orleans running back Alvin Kamara and cornerback Marshon Lattimore as top offensive and defensive rookies , respectively ; and former Minnesota Vikings offensive co-ordinator Pat Shurmur , now head coach of the New York Giants , as Assistant Coach of the Year .
Brady is the second the player in the four major professional sports to win MVP at age 40 ; Barry Bonds won baseball 's award in 2004 .
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The 75-year-old former maths teacher taught in schools in Newry and Downpatrick
A former Maths teacher from County Down has been sentenced to 13 years in prison for 29 indecent assault charges .
Patrick James Carton , of Marguerite Close in Newcastle , taught at St Colman 's College in Newry and De La Salle in Downpatrick .
They retired as a teacher in 2002 but continued to tutor . It was from these tutoring sessions that the accusations were made by five females and one male .
The accusations covered a time period from 1983 to 2007 .
The trial , which took place in Downpatrick Crown Court over seven weeks , centred on what Carton called the star system .
This saw tutorial students smacked on the bottom if they got questions wrong .
This began with smacking over clothing but with more incorrect answers progressed to smacking over underwear and then smacking on bare bottoms .
Carton , 75 , was also found guilty of touching some of the former students in private areas , trying to make some victims kiss them and touch their crotch area .
Delivering their sentence , the judge said that Carton had been seen as : `` A beacon of respectability who had dedicated their career to teaching children with considerable success .
`` All of this makes your fall from grace even greater . It is clear that you have been offending since you were middle aged .
`` You continue to represent a serious risk to the public - especially children and teenagers . ''
Carton is also subject to a court ordered Sexual Offences Prevention Order ( SOPO ) for the duration of the sentence .
Ford Motor Co. has dispatched several teams of investigators to police departments across the country as the automaker tries to contain the fallout over concerns about carbon monoxide seeping into law enforcement vehicles .
Bill Gubing , chief engineer for Ford 's Explorer line , told NBC News Tuesday that company investigators have been to more than a dozen departments in just the last week and have found Police Interceptor Vehicles — essentially specially modified Ford Explorers — with holes near tail lights or rear lift gates which can allow carbon monoxide inside the cabin .
Underbody plug with modification hole cut for wiring pass through . Ford Motor Co .
In Auburn , Mass . — where last week at least three officers were hospitalized due to high carbon monoxide levels in their vehicles and the department pulled several SUVs from service — Ford said it 's worked to seal open holes in the vehicles and the department has placed them back on the road .
Related : Feds Expand Probe Into Possible Carbon Monoxide Leaks in Ford SUVs
After the police department in Austin , Texas , pulled nearly 400 vehicles off the road over carbon monoxide concerns last month , Ford said it would pay for the cost of specific repairs to any police vehicle in any city that experienced those same issues .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ford works to fix carbon monoxide problem in Explorer police cruisers 0:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ford is now repairing the SUVs in Austin .
It 's a significant issue for the auto giant , which has been om the police vehicle business for 70 years . The Explorer makes up more than half of all U.S. police vehicle sales .
“ By no means is our investigation complete , ” Gubing said . “ We 're doing everything we can to figure out what issues are out there and how we can help . ”
Still , federal regulators recently expanded their investigation following more than 2,700 complaints of exhaust odors — including many from civilian vehicles as well . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) is now looking into Ford Explorers from model years 2011-2017 .
Ford insists drivers of regular Ford Explorers should not be concerned . The automaker is blaming improperly installed or sealed modifications for the problems in the police vehicles — which are made after the SUVs have left Ford 's factories .
Ford Explorer modification hole sealed . Ford Motor Co .
“ From a carbon monoxide perspective , the police duty cycle is very different than what a retail customer drives , ” Gubing said , noting that law-enforcement motorists typically use a wide-open throttle , rapid acceleration and stepped on and off the gas much more often than civilian drivers would .
“ It creates more combustion gas at the back of the vehicle because the engine 's working harder and faster , ” Gubing said . “ At the same time , there are modifications done to the back of the vehicle that certainly provide leak paths when those modifications are not done properly . ”
Many police department across the country drill holes to install lights and radio equipment — and Ford showed NBC News photos that it said showed those changes , when done improperly , allowed exhaust to seep into the cabin of police vehicles .
“ We do n't see the retail customers driving like that , ” Gubing said . “ We do n't see retail customers with those modifications . ”
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Thousands of orders have been issued to stop Wiganers ' benefits temporarily by Government staff since controversial rule changes were made .
Shocking statistics from the Department for Work and Pensions ( DWP ) show 6,063 sanctions were handed out by the Jobcentre Plus in Wigan to people receiving Jobseekers ' Allowance ( JSA ) between October 2012 and June 2016 .
A further 3,504 penalties were issued in the same time period to claimants of JSA in Leigh .
The figures show hundreds of reprimands were dished out each month when new , harsher benefits rules were brought in , with the number in Wigan jumping from 79 in October 2012 to 248 the following month .
However , since the end of 2014 numbers of sanctions per month in Wigan have dwindled below 100 , with the Jobcentre Plus staff this year dishing out between 17 and 45 sanctions per month .
Sanctions have been handed out to claimants for falling foul of DWP rules , with claimants facing penalties for being late to interviews or appointments or not being thought to do enough job searching .
A local MP today branded the whole system “ cruel ” .
As some of us know all to well , Lucas County is struggling with prescription drug use and opioid addiction . This public health crisis requires a collective response .
With the help of the Toledo-Lucas County Health Department , TARTA bus drivers will now be equipped and trained on how to reverse the effects of an opioid overdose if it is caught in time .
It 's very rare that an overdose happens on Tarta buses , but now , over 300 drivers are prepared just in case . TARTA drivers are with the public every day and now are armed with the tools to save lives , whether they 're working that day or not .
`` We 're one of the top ten cities in the country in terms of having this problem , '' James Gee , General Manager for TARTA said . `` With fentanyl being one of the worst drugs out there . Having Narcan available to treat , at least on a short-term basis , a fentanyl overdose , I think is going to be a big benefit to our entire community . ''
Narcan is the brand name for the overdose reversal drug Naloxone . The Health Department is currently conducting training sessions daily to groups and individuals . Both the training and Noloxone kits are being provided free of charge .
`` We try to work with as many community partners as we can , whether it 's public or private sector because it seems to be expanding through different populations , different communities , '' Shannon Lands , Public Information Officer for Toledo-Lucas County Health Department said . `` And if we can equip people to help potentially save someone from overdosing on an opiate and saving their lives , we 're going to do that . ''
If you see someone you think is in crisis , it is best to call 9-1-1 right away . For more information on how to get trained yourself , you can contact the Toledo-Lucas County Health Department at 419-213-4135 .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
DETROIT — Michigan 's Republican governor announced Friday that Democrat John Conyers ' congressional seat will not be filled until the regularly scheduled November election , leaving it vacant for nearly a year .
Gov . Rick Snyder decided the post will be listed twice on the August primary and November general election ballots . While unlikely , it is possible voters could choose one candidate to fill the vacancy until January 2019 and elect another to a full two-year term after that .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. John Conyers announces retirement amid sexual misconduct allegations 2:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It is unusual for a congressional district to stay vacant for so long , according to a review of roughly 100 vacancies and successors listed on the House website for the last 20 years . The longest time a seat stayed empty was about 10 months — both in 2014 , when Rep. Melvin Watt of North Carolina left to head the Federal Housing Finance Agency , and 2006 , when Rep. Bob Menendez of New Jersey was appointed to the Senate .
Snyder said they opted against having an earlier special election to give potential candidates ample time to decide about running , provide voters in the predominantly Democratic district more options and save money .
Related : John Conyers retires from Congress , endorses son , amid harassment scandal
The 88-year-old Conyers , who was facing a House Ethics Committee investigation over claims by former staffers , cited health reasons for their resignation Tuesday .
Snyder 's office said it consulted with Wayne County leaders before making a decision . The 13th Congressional District Democratic Party Organization backed the decision , too .
`` In order to allow several months for that to take place and to reduce the financial burden on local taxpayers , the primary and general elections will be held when regularly scheduled elections are already occurring , '' Snyder said in a statement .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. Conyers will not seek re-election amid sexual harassment allegations 1:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The filing deadline is April 24 for both elections . Whoever wins the special election will serve next November and December , and — if they or they also win the regular race — will serve a two-year term starting in 2019 . A Snyder spokesperson said it could have cost up to $ 2 million if the special elections were scheduled on non-regular election dates .
Detroit , a city of about 680,000 , currently does not have any resident serving in Congress .
Former Michigan Department Party Chairman Mark Brewer tweeted that Snyder `` continues to give the back of their hand to urban areas whether it 's emergency managers , poisoned water , and now being denied representation in Congress for nearly a year . ''
John Conyers retired amid allegations by about a half-dozen women who once worked for them that they were harassed and touched inappropriately . They have denied the allegations . Conyers first was elected in 1964 .
Related : John Conyers III arrested but not prosecuted in domestic abuse case
Some colleagues in the House had urged Conyers to resign . When they did , they endorsed their 27-year-old son , John Conyers III , to succeed him . The younger Conyers , a partner with a Detroit-based , minority-run hedge fund , posted on Twitter this week that they have not decided whether they want to run for their father 's old seat . They have since deleted their Twitter account . The Associated Press has been unable to reach them for comment .
Democratic state Sen. Ian Conyers , John Conyers ' grand-nephew , has said they will run .
Fellow Democratic state Sent . Coleman Young II is expected on Monday to announce their candidacy , their spokesperson said .
Conyers III never has been elected to a public post . Ian Conyers won a special election in 2016 for their seat . Young was elected in 2010 to the Michigan Senate . They served in the state House from 2005 to 2010 .
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher has died at age 60 Pauses
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman 's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends '
2:37 Witness to Mike Wallace beating testifies in court Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:41 Senate leader sees no 'true compromise ' in Cooper 's HB2 proposal
JAKARTA : Jakarta 's Christian governor looked set for a tough run-off against a Muslim opponent in city elections seen as a test of religious tolerance in Muslim-majority Indonesia , after a tight first round Wednesday .
Analysts believe incumbent Basuki Tjahaja Purnama , who is standing trial for blasphemy , is unlikely to win in a second round against ex-education minister Anies Baswedan , as Muslim voters swing behind Anies .
Purnama , once the odds-on favorite to win the gubernatorial election , held a narrow lead of about 43 percent to Baswedan 's 39 percent in the first round , according to early vote tallies by private pollsters .
Baswedan exclaimed “ Thanks be to God ! ” on learning of the tallies , adding : “ At the end of the day , the people of Jakarta want change ... this is not about the complexities of politics , it is about what matters in life . ”
Third candidate Agus Yudhoyono , the son of a former president , was trailing far behind on about 17 percent , according to the pollsters . Official results will not be released for several weeks but the early tallies , known as “ quick counts , ” are regarded as reliable .
Local polls were taking place across Indonesia Wednesday but the race in the capital was the most hotly contested , with the top job in Jakarta seen as a stepping stone to victory in the 2019 presidential polls .
Run-off elections will be held in April .
The stakes in the vote have been raised by allegations that Purnama — the city 's first non-Muslim governor for half a century and its first ethnic Chinese leader — insulted the Qur'an .
The claims drew hundreds of thousands of conservative Muslims onto the streets of Jakarta in major protests last year , and Purnama has been put on trial in a case criticized as unfair and politically motivated .
They were not barred from running but their popularity was dented for a period . The vote is now seen as a test of whether pluralism and a tolerant brand of Islam in the world 's most populous Muslim-majority country are being eroded .
Any run-off between Purnama and Baswedan — who courted hard-line group the Islamic Defenders Front , which organized the anti-Purnama protests — could stoke religious tensions further after months of dirty campaigning , analysts warn .
“ The two represent the main political forces in Indonedia , ” said Burhanuddin Muhtadi of pollster Indikator , adding that Purnama was supported by progressive and liberal groups and their opponent by Islamists .
“ The tense situation will continue until April — this kind of thing is dangerous . ”
In the unlikely event that Purnama wins and is convicted of blasphemy , which could see them sentenced to up to five years in prison , they would not automatically be barred from holding office and could avoid jail for a long time by filing successive appeals .
Authorities were taking no chances after the tense campaign , with thousands of police and troops deployed around the capital on election day .
Campaigning was marked by a flood of “ fake news ” which has mainly targeted Purnama , and included claims that a free vaccination program they backed was a bid to make girls infertile and reduce the population .
Purnama 's troubles began in September when they said in a speech that their rivals were tricking people into voting against them by using a Qur'anic verse , which some interpret as meaning Muslims should only choose Muslim leaders .
The controversy is a high-profile example of the religious intolerance that has become more common in Indonesia , 90 percent of whose 255 million inhabitants are Muslim . There has been a surge of attacks on minorities in recent years .
Purnama won popularity for trying to improve traffic-choked and chaotic Jakarta by cleaning up rivers and demolishing red-light districts , although their combative style and controversial slum clearances sparked some opposition .
SCHREIBER , Ont . — Provincial police say two employees of a northwestern Ontario school board are facing fraud-related charges .
OPP say they were contacted Feb. 13 by the Superior North Catholic District School Board about an alleged fraud by two staff members .
They say a 57-year-old woman and a 55-year-old man , both of Terrace Bay , Ont. , are charged with fraud over $ 5,000 and breach of trust .
Both ( accused ) is scheduled to appear in court in Schreiber , Ont. , on July 12 .
The board 's acting director of education says Wednesday that both of the accused are former employees of the board .
Barb Spadoni says they could not comment further on the accused or the allegations .
Video
Hilary Knight will be competing as part of the US women 's hockey team in the 2018 Winter Olympics .
They have their sights firmly set on a gold medal but also leaving a healthy legacy for young girls .
Executive producer Nicola Shindler dashes the hopes of fans…but they do confirm that Sarah Lancashire WILL return as Sergeant Catherine Cawood for the new run
Acclaimed BBC1 police drama Happy Valley will not be returning until the end of 2018 , executive producer Nicola Shindler revealed today .
Advertisement
Shindler , whose company Red Productions makes the drama , said Happy Valley writer Sally Wainwright is working on another project for BBC1 , which partly explains the delay in bringing the show back .
They would n't disclose any new details about the series , but did reveal at a Broadcasting Press Guild lunch on Wednesday that there were also creative reasons for waiting on a third series of Happy Valley .
Shindler also said that Sarah Lancashire was keen to reprise their role as Sergeant Catherine Cawood despite rumours that they had been unenthusiastic about a return .
“ We are working on a new idea for Sally for BBC1 which will be next year so the earliest Happy Valley would be towards the end of 2018 , I would suspect .
“ She wo n't write the [ Happy Valley ] scripts for some time but Sally 's determined to do it , Sarah 's determined to do it . ”
Shindler suggested that the third series of Happy Valley would need to wait to allow the character of Ryan to grow up . The young son of Catherine 's daughter was conceived by a rape perpetrated by the chief villain Royce , played by James Norton .
“ Sally is thinking about a story and the story they are thinking about literally needs time . Because if you look at the characters that are left , there is Sarah , there is James Norton and there is a young boy , who the minute they turn into a teenager it becomes a much more interesting story .
Advertisement
“ She does n't know what the story is yet . They are mulling it in their head but we are thinking about giving it a bit of space in story terms . ”
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser . Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday . The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP Julie Smith
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
The 20-year-old drama student says there 's never been a girl like them in the villa – but will the islanders agree ?
20-year-old “ party animal ” Georgia Steel is ready to swap their student lifestyle in Chelsea for the glamorous Love Island villa .
Advertisement
Outside of their studies , the performing arts student works at a Chelsea bar where they say they were repeatedly approached to appear on the show . Despite working in one of London 's most exclusive areas , they admit to RadioTimes.com she 's “ not really a Chelsea girl ” has never appeared on E4 's Made in Chelsea , instead choosing to focus on their acting training .
Could Love Island be their step to stardom ? “ To be honest with you , I 've not really thought about it in that context , ” they say , though if “ something came up for me within that industry I would n't want to turn it down . ”
Calling them bottom their “ best asset ” , closely followed by their natural lips and unique eyes , it 's no surprise Georgia describes themselves as “ confident . ”
But they do n't like to compare themselves to other girls – particularly ex-islanders . “ I could n't really compare myself to anybody fully because I do n't think there has been anyone like me actually in the villa before . ”
A post shared by Georgia Steel ( @ geesteelx ) on May 6 , 2018 at 3:06pm PDT
They consider their “ real ” attitude similar to last year 's Gabby Allen and is close in age to Amber Davies when they joined the villa – so who knows what viewers are in store for .
What is Georgia looking for in a boy ?
Georgia 's already dipped their toe in the celebrity dating pool – they say they have dated a boy with “ famous relatives ” but a “ girl does n't tell them secrets . ”
Having been in a serious relationship between 15 and 18 , Georgia is bored of seeing people casually and is looking for something serious . Championing honesty , they want a boy who they can have fun with : “ Just being very real , I do n't like cringey – cringey really turns me off . I like someone who 's real and treats me like a lady . ”
Banter is key , they add : “ I also like someone who is manly , protective and fun . It 's good if they have a bit of banter about them. ” Do the villa boys have the chat to match them expectations ?
Who is Georgia Steel ? Key facts :
Coupled up with : Niall Aslam
Age : 20
Job : Student
Location : York
Instagram : @ geesteelx
Twitter : @ georgia_steel
Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2
Advertisement
Sophie Bunce
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said they were not guilty .
GutterSupply.com , one of the nation 's leading providers of bulk gutters , accessories , and tools , offers a fantastic selection of mill finish gutters and accessories .
Lake Bluff , IL ( PRUnderground ) February 2nd , 2018
Aluminum rain gutters are available in a variety of finishes , but no company in the United States offers more unique finishes on their gutters and associated accessories than GutterSupply.com . For those who prefer the affordability and look of mill finish , the selection is amazing .
What Is Mill Finish ?
Mill finish is a term used to describe aluminum that has not been treated with chemicals or mechanical processes . Aluminum is typically rolled in mills in sheets , which can leave marks behind . Many contractors and consumers prefer it because it is quite affordable and can be treated on-site to resist rust and oxidation . Mill finish aluminum can also be painted almost any color to reflect the homeowner 's exterior design preferences . These gutters are not galvanized , and they are not mixed with other metals . They are simply made of aluminum fresh from the mill .
Benefits of Mill Finish
Though many homeowners do not consider mill finish gutters attractive , they do serve their purpose . Industrial properties such as factories and warehouses may opt for these gutter systems because they are so very affordable and thus cheaper to replace or repair . In fact , that is the primary benefit of a mill finish gutter system – the cost . Both homeowners and contractors can benefit from this . Contractors can purchase mill finish gutters , then finish them during the installation process and save themselves some of the overhead cost . Homeowners with some DIY knowledge may also opt for mill finish aluminum to save themselves some money , then add a finish themselves .
Gutters & Accessories Available in Mill Finish
GutterSupply.com offers a variety of gutter and accessory types with the mill finish aluminum . This includes mill finish aluminum :
Half round single bead gutters
Downspouts
Elbows
Fasteners
B outlets
Miters
End caps
Drives/Rack & Key
Hangers
Consumers and contractors have access to everything they need to complete an installation of mill finish aluminum gutters from one affordable place when they visit GutterSupply.com for all their gutter and accessory needs .
Though GutterSupply.com caters to everyone , they do provide discounts to contractors who opt to buy in bulk . Contractors should visit the appropriate section of the website and sign up to receive immediate discounts on products throughout the virtual store .
About Gutter Supply
Welcome to GutterSupply.com , your online source for the best gutter supplies at the lowest prices anywhere ! We are the premiere shipper of aluminum gutters , copper gutters , and gutter guards – including snow guards , and gutter machines . Please navigate our site using the links to the left , or click here to log in and review your orders . If you 'd like to speak with a GutterSupply representative , please call 888-909-RAIN or email info @ guttersupply.com .
SULAIMANIYAH , Iraq : Iraqi Kurdish leaders were joined by representatives of the Baghdad government Friday for the funeral of Iraqi ex-president Jalal Talabani , a veteran of the struggle for Kurdish self-rule , an AFP journalist reported .
Talabani died in Germany on Tuesday aged 83 , barely a week after an Iraqi Kurdish vote for independence sparked a crisis in the autonomous Kurdish region 's relations with Baghdad .
Their body was flown home from Germany to the Iraqi Kurdish city of Sulaimaniyah , their longtime fiefdom , where a red carpet and a guard of honor awaited on the tarmac .
During a decades-long political career , Talabani was a key figure in Iraqi Kurdish politics before becoming Iraq 's first federal president of Kurdish origin from 2005 to 2014 .
As Talabani 's widow Hero and sons stepped off the plane , Iraqi Kurdish president Massoud Barzani , a longtime rival , and prime minister Nechirvan Barzani awaited the coffin .
Iraqi President Fuad Massum , also a Kurd , Interior Minister Qassem Al-Araji , a Shiite , and parliament speaker Salim Al-Juburi , a Sunni Arab , represented the Baghdad government .
They were joined by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , as well as Kurdish representatives from Iran , Syria and Turkey .
The dignitaries placed wreathes on Talabani 's coffin , which was draped in the red , white , green and yellow colors of the Kurdish flag , as the Iraqi national anthem and then the Kurdish anthem was played .
The coffin was then taken to the city 's grand mosque .
In Sulaimaniyah , Talabani was known affectionately as Mam ( Uncle ) Jalal .
Earlier this week , Barzani said they had lost “ a friend and a brother ” and announced a week of mourning during which Kurdish flags would be flown at half-mast .
Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi , a fierce opponent of last week 's referendum , hailed Talabani for their role in “ building a federal Iraq . ”
Talabani “ described Iraq as a bouquet made up of several flowers , ” they said , referring to the country 's different communities .
Talabani 's death , following a decades-old struggle for Kurdish statehood , came after Iraq 's Kurds voted 92.7 percent in favor of independence in the September 25 referendum .
The vote was rejected as illegal by the federal government in Baghdad as well as by Iraq 's neighbors .
Baghdad retaliated last week by banning all international flights in and out of the Kurdish autonomous region except for humanitarian cases .
SULAIMANIYAH , Iraq : Iraqi Kurdish leaders were joined by representatives of the Baghdad government Friday for the funeral of Iraqi ex-president Jalal Talabani , a veteran of the struggle for Kurdish self-rule , an AFP journalist reported .
Talabani died in Germany on Tuesday aged 83 , barely a week after an Iraqi Kurdish vote for independence sparked a crisis in the autonomous Kurdish region 's relations with Baghdad .
Their body was flown home from Germany to the Iraqi Kurdish city of Sulaimaniyah , their longtime fiefdom , where a red carpet and a guard of honor awaited on the tarmac .
During a decades-long political career , Talabani was a key figure in Iraqi Kurdish politics before becoming Iraq 's first federal president of Kurdish origin from 2005 to 2014 .
As Talabani 's widow Hero and sons stepped off the plane , Iraqi Kurdish president Massoud Barzani , a longtime rival , and prime minister Nechirvan Barzani awaited the coffin .
Iraqi President Fuad Massum , also a Kurd , Interior Minister Qassem Al-Araji , a Shiite , and parliament speaker Salim Al-Juburi , a Sunni Arab , represented the Baghdad government .
They were joined by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , as well as Kurdish representatives from Iran , Syria and Turkey .
The dignitaries placed wreathes on Talabani 's coffin , which was draped in the red , white , green and yellow colors of the Kurdish flag , as the Iraqi national anthem and then the Kurdish anthem was played .
The coffin was then taken to the city 's grand mosque .
In Sulaimaniyah , Talabani was known affectionately as Mam ( Uncle ) Jalal .
Earlier this week , Barzani said they had lost “ a friend and a brother ” and announced a week of mourning during which Kurdish flags would be flown at half-mast .
Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi , a fierce opponent of last week 's referendum , hailed Talabani for their role in “ building a federal Iraq . ”
Talabani “ described Iraq as a bouquet made up of several flowers , ” they said , referring to the country 's different communities .
Talabani 's death , following a decades-old struggle for Kurdish statehood , came after Iraq 's Kurds voted 92.7 percent in favor of independence in the September 25 referendum .
The vote was rejected as illegal by the federal government in Baghdad as well as by Iraq 's neighbors .
Baghdad retaliated last week by banning all international flights in and out of the Kurdish autonomous region except for humanitarian cases .
In honor of the rowdy scene surrounding the 16th hole at TPC Scottsdale , Cut Line offers a lively take on Tiger Woods ' return , slow play and the realities of trying to become a mainstream sport .
Made Cut
Something new . If you 're part of the segment of the golf world that has dug in against the raucousness of TPC Scottsdale 's 16th hole , you may be missing the big picture .
To be sure , No . 16 at this week 's Waste Management Phoenix Open is an acquired taste , and players are quick to point out that a steady diet of the 16th hole 's shenanigans would get old real quick , but the push back is another example of golf refusing to embrace something new .
“ I may be somewhat of a fan-favorite , but they were n't holding back , ” Rickie Fowler said this week . “ I was a little disappointed with some of the stuff that was said , and I do n't want much negativity . The normal boos for missing a green , that 's fine , but leave the heckling to a minimum and make it fun , support the guys out playing . ”
Fowler 's point is valid - golf has always demanded a degree of decorum - but that ignores the realities in other sports and the game 's desire to broaden its appeal .
Mainstream sports , which is what golf aspires to be , are not always warm and fuzzy and can be , on occasion , downright unsavory .
Pro- ( and no con ) am . The PGA Tour embarked on a new experiment this week at TPC Scottsdale , giving players an option to play just nine holes of Wednesday 's pro-am .
For players , the time commitment of the pro-am can be a drain and the new policy has targeted seven events where the format will be used this season .
“ There 's no other sport where you have to do a six- or seven-hour requirement the day before a competition , ” Kevin Streelman told Cut Line . “ LeBron [ James ] does n't have to do a seven-hour dinner the night before their basketball games . ”
The new plan allows players to just go nine with the amateurs before being replaced by another professional for the closing loop ; or they can play all 18 holes if they choose . It also allows amateurs , who pay handsomely to play the pro-am , to mix it up with two Tour types for the price of one .
It 's a rare win-win for the game and another sign the circuit is beginning to embrace new ideas .
Made Cut-Did Not Finish ( MDF )
The Return . Tiger Woods ' first official event on the Tour in a year was n't perfect . They hit just nine fairways over their last 54 holes and , if not for a vintage short game , they would not have seen the weekend at Torrey Pines .
Still , Woods ' return following fusion surgery on their lower back last April should be applauded as a positive step forward after so many steps back in recent years .
Where Woods ' tie for 23rd at last week 's Farmers Insurance Open goes off the rails is the predictable reaction from some that he 's ready to return to greatness . On this , Woods should be considered the most reasonable voice in the room .
“ After not playing for a couple years and coming out here on the Tour , playing , you know , a solid four days , I fought hard for these scores , ” Woods said . “ They were n't like drive down the middle , hit it on the green , two putts , one of those yawners . This was a lot of fight . ”
Maybe this was n't exactly what some fans and observers were hoping for , but based on their play at Torrey Pines Woods ' take provides a degree of more realistic expectations for the foreseeable future .
Missed Cut
Denial . It took just a little over four minutes for J.B. Holmes to become the face of slow play on Tour . That 's the amount of time Holmes needed to play their second shot on the 72nd hole last week at Torrey Pines .
Slow play is problem , not just on Tour but throughout golf , and taking over four minutes to play a shot from the fairway , without a ruling or penalty stroke should not be the norm ; but this is n't a J.B. Holmes problem . It 's a Tour problem .
“ As it relates to J.B. . . . They were in the heat of the moment , ” commissioner Jay Monahan said this week . “ It 's really hard to win out here . You 're trying to think through how you can get on the green in two with that amount of wind . I think they thought it would subside quickly , and it subsided and picked back up , and I think they said what they needed to say . ”
It 's unfortunate the commissioner did n't say what many want to hear . Rounds that drifted nearly six hours on Sunday at Torrey Pines are bad for the game , bad for the Tour , and until the circuit admits there 's a problem , it 's only going to get worse .
Tweet of the week :
Last group was over a hole behind , we can all blame JB ... and yes the player should take responsibility for their pace of play , but if they do n't that 's why we have Tour officials - they needed to step in a while ago IMO . — Luke Donald ( @ LukeDonald ) January 28 , 2018
Some players , most notably Justin Thomas , came to Holmes ' defense this week , and to be fair Holmes did n't violate the Tour 's pace of play policy . As Donald correctly points out , that 's a problem with the policy , not the player .
Chip Ganassi and Kyle Larson have a most unique relationship that transcends most other owner-driver unions .
When Larson won the A-Main last Wednesday at the Knoxville Nationals , it put them in the championship race on Saturday .
But Larson admitted a bit of hesitation when it came time to ask Ganassi for permission to fly from Michigan International Speedway after Saturday 's final practice .
As it turned out , Larson finished a career-best second at Knoxville and followed it up with their third consecutive Cup win at MIS .
But there was a point in Sunday 's race that Ganassi started questioning themselves for allowing Larson to go to Iowa .
“ I was questioning myself in the middle of the race , ” Ganassi said . “ I was getting ready to take a lot of heat in the media for that , if we did n't have a good day .
“ I do n't want to do something that 'll slow them down , and you run the risk of that when you have a talent like that that wants to go drive other kinds of cars and things .
“ I 've never been a team owner that keeps my drivers from driving other types of cars . You want to do the best you can for the guy all the time and do what you can do . ”
In a sense , Larson paid Ganassi back for their faith in them and allowing the Knoxville trip by winning Sunday .
“ I think our guys saw the opportunity in front of them with how much exposure I could get if I ran the Knoxville Nationals . I think Chip also understood that , ” Larson said . “ There 's been so much exposure this week behind me , and to run good at both races will hopefully help us in the search for a replacement sponsor at the end of the year .
NASCAR America analyst Jeff Burton concurred with Ganassi 's ultimate decision .
“ I think you have to let them race , ” Burton said . “ I think that when you have a guy like Kyle Larson 's that 's young , wants to go race other cars and has proven they can do both successfully , I think it 's okay .
“ But there will come a time that when it comes to winning a championship , Kyle needs to focus on what they need to focus on . And if Kyle can do both and that makes them better on Sunday , then it 's all good .
“ What Chip has to decide is that what they do on Saturday night help them on a Sunday afternoon . If there 's ever a question that it does n't help him , then Saturday nights will cease .
“ You have to be successful on Sunday afternoons if you want to continue your career . It has n't been a problem yet , but if you start to see a decline and performance and those kinds of things , I think they 'll have to have a conversation . ”
On another front , Larson and Ganassi are almost like son and father , rather than driver and owner .
That 's why with such a close relationship , Larson would likely never go anywhere else because Ganassi gives them so much latitude .
But admittedly , even with their relationship , Larson was still a bit nervous when it came time to ask Ganassi if they could race Saturday night in the sprint car main event in the Knoxville Nationals , where they eventually finished a career-best second place .
Ganassi 's reaction when Larson won Sunday was one of the best seen in NASCAR in a long time .
Not only did Ganassi almost choke crew chief Chad Johnston in joy , they practically gave Larson a concussion when they hit them in the head , also in joy , on the front stretch .
Watch our crew 's analysis on that , as well , and their thoughts on where Ganassi 's reaction ranks among other celebrations this season .
