Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others . Since 2009 , World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19 . In Minnesota , this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism .
Meetings International proudly announces the Global Experts Meeting on International Conference on Plant Science scheduled on October 25-27 , 2018 in Paris , France , with a theme of “ Explore the Scope of Plant Science ” .
By Rob Kidd
Four stadium-packing United States rock bands playing in a Dunedin bar for $ 15 may sound too good to be true .
That 's because it was .
Despite advertisements for the March show at Dunedin 's Re : Fuel Bar clearly stating the bands were tribute acts , one woman thought they were getting the deal of a lifetime .
They promptly bought their partner - an N. McLean - a ticket .
The show featured bands paying homage to Rage Against the Machine , Alice in Chains , KoRn and Deftones and there was another sell-out show in Christchurch the following day .
McLean realised what had happened but was so outraged on behalf of their partner that they complained to the Advertising Standards Authority .
`` If it slipped past them then it was n't good enough , just because I was able to read it in a way more accurate to reality , '' they wrote .
McLean said the Facebook advertisement contained `` outright lies '' but was keen to stress they were not the one who had been duped .
`` My claim that the disclosure is not adequate comes from the way the concert was explained to me , not by my own interpretation of the advert , '' they said .
The authority chairperson took only five sentences to dismiss the complaint , noting the word `` tribute '' was plainly used .
`` There was a clear indication that the bands were not appearing in person , for example 'Deftones by Tone-def ' and 'KoRn by KRON ' , '' the chairperson said .
`` The bands in question are well-known American rock or metal bands and it would have been reasonable to expect that the entrance fee for such a concert would be more than the advertised price of $ 15 . ''
Re : Fuel Bar manager Scott Muir was astonished by McLean 's grievance when alerted to the judgement by the Otago Daily Times .
`` Wow , '' they said . `` That 's crazy . '' There was no way any reasonable person could have misinterpreted the advertising , they reckoned .
But if McLean was one of the 330 who packed out the venue , they might have been forgiven for thinking they were listening to the real thing , Muir said . `` They were very very good . It 's one of the biggest nights we 've had . ''
- Otago Daily Times
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto , Inalfa , Inteva , Yachiyo , Mobitech , Aisin Seiki , Wanchao , Mingfang Automotive Parts , Johnson Manufacturing , Motiontec , Shenghua Wave Group , Donghee , Jincheng , DeFuLai .
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Pop-up Sunroof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Pop-up Sunroof report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-pop-up-sunroof-market/5905/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Power Sunroof , Manual Sunroof .
Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : SUV , Sedan & Hatchback , Other Vehicle .
Key points in the Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-pop-up-sunroof-market/5905/ # inquiry
From all of this Automotive Pop-up Sunroof market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Pop-up Sunroof market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Automotive Pop-up Sunroof distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Last July , I started a series releasing my top 30 athletes at Yukon High School for the 2017-2018 school year .
The series ran through the middle of August with the top five athletes released around the same time school was starting .
For each athlete on the list , I explained why I chose to put them in my top 30 and why they received the spot they earned .
This list was based on what I had witnessed and what the numbers say regarding each athlete .
Now that the 2017-2018 athletic season is complete , it 's time to take a look back at my top 30 athletes and release a new top 30 based on the results from this school year .
Here is a look at my top 30 athletes list from last summer :
Chyenne Factor , softball Jaxen Gilmore , wrestling Perry Olsen , football and track and field Payton Miller , baseball Ashlyn Williams , soccer Jalen Barnes , football and track and field Breley Webb , softball Parker Kenley , football , track and field Myka Heimbach , soccer and cross-country Becka Cammon , basketball Kalie Winstead , soccer Elijah Ankrom , cross-country and track and field Ashlyn Basler , basketball Tyler Dechant , basketball and track and field Catherine Birkhead , volleyball Nollan Koon , baseball and football Karsten Berg , basketball Shandree McNatt , rugby and track and field Carvell McKinley , football , basketball and track and field Kamryn Seale , rugby Kamryn Karn , pom Aleyah Holman , softball Jules Martin , basketball Emily Kimmel , soccer Colton Humphrey , soccer Eddie Jackson , football and rugby Dalton DeBaud , baseball Rylee Newport , cheer Mallory Scott , volleyball Jamar Smith , football , track and field
Here is my new top 30 athletes list following the conclusion of the 2017-2018 school year :
Jaxen Gilmore , wrestling
Jaxen Gilmore earned their second state championship in three years after winning the 145-pound state title over Mustang 's Tate Picklo . Gilmore was also named the 6A Most Outstanding Wrestler for their performance in the 2017-2018 season . The senior is taking their talents to Oklahoma City University and will wrestle at the collegiate level .
Chyenne Factor , softball
Chyenne Factor had another stellar season for the Millerette softball team . The senior power-hitter made life miserable for any pitcher they faced . They led the Yukon softball team to one of the best regular seasons in the state , as the team was undefeated until early October . Factor struck such fear in opposing teams , they were intentionally walked the entire postseason . Factor signed their letter of intent with Oklahoma State University .
Perry Olsen , football and track and field
Perry Olsen was one of the key pieces to the puzzle to turning Yukon football back in the right direction . Olsen led the Millers to four wins in 2017 and had Yukon in playoff contention after winning just two games combined the previous two years . The Miller signal caller chewed up yardage like they were eating Thanksgiving dinner but provided the leadership Yukon needed to get on the right track . They will attend the Naval Academy on a football scholarship .
Ashlyn Williams , soccer
Ashlyn Williams was the anchor in the middle of the pitch for the Millerette soccer team and their success they had in 2018 . The senior midfielder dominated the middle part of the pitch for the majority of the season and was one of the key pieces to the puzzle that allowed Yukon to win 11 matches this spring . Williams will take their talents to Tulsa and play collegiate soccer for Oral Roberts University .
Studd Morris , wrestling
Studd Morris came alive as a senior on the wrestling mat for coach Joe Schneider and the Miller wrestling program . It is rare to see a senior competing at the 106-pound weight class , but Morris did so and had a strong year . Morris made a postseason run all the way to the state championship match , where they fellto Sand Springs in a hard-fought bout .
Myka Heimbach , soccer and cross-country
Myka Heimbach is one of the best goal-scorers in the state and they helped lead the Yukon girls soccer team to the postseason and 11 wins this spring .
Jalen Barnes , football and track and field
Jalen Barnes was integral to the Miller football program turning the corner in 2017 with their leadership and play on the defensive-side of the ball .
Breley Webb , softball
Breley Webb was dominant in the circle for much of the season for the Millerette softball team . For the first month of the season , they were nearly unhittable .
Carvell McKinley , football , basketball and track and field
Carvell McKinley defied all odds and was a key component in three sports . They were a threat at wide receiver in football , an athletic mismatch in basketball and a star in track field with the long jump .
Payton Miller , baseball
Payton Miller and the Miller basetball program did n't have the type of year they are accustomed to having but the junior still had a solid season on the diamond with their performance behind the plate , on the pitcher 's mound and in the batter 's box .
Kyla Davis , track and field
Kyla Davis had a sensational senior season for the Yukon track and field team in the pole vault competition . The first-year student took second in the 6A state championships .
Parker Kenley , football , track and field
Parker Kenley had a solid year on the gridiron in coach Jeremy Reed 's new flex-bone offense . Kenley also had a strong year in sprint relays for the Yukon track and field team .
Carson Price , basketball
Carson Price emerged as one of the top athletes at Yukon High School for the basketball team in the 2017-2018 school year with their athleticism and outside shooting .
Nollan Koon , baseball and football
Nollan Koon was again a force to be reckoned with on the baseball diamond . The junior was solid at the leadoff position in the line-up and a leader in the field at catcher , third base and first base .
Tyler Dechant , basketball and track and field
Tyler Dechant kept the strong tradition of Yukon high jumpers going with a solid season for the Miller track and field team .
Ashlyn Basler , basketball
Ashlyn Basler was the most consistent player for the Yukon girls basketball team this year . Them leadership and outside shooting kept the Millerettes a float for much of the season .
Catherine Birkhead , volleyball
Catherine Birkhead was integral in helping lead the Yukon volleyball team to a strong season in 2017 . The Millerettes beat Mustang twice and made a regional championship match run in the postseason .
Karsten Berg , basketball
Karsten Berg had a strong senior season for the Yukon boys basketball team despite the team not having a great year . Berg made their living with their three-point shooting and leadership .
Rylee Uhr , softball
Rylee Uhr was the straw that stirred the drink for the Yukon softball team in 2017 . The Millerette lead-off hitter was the key to the ignition and many times , they got the engine roaring .
Julia McGuire , cheer
Julia McGuire was named an All-State cheerleader after having a strong performance at the tryouts last fall .
Zach Snow , soccer
Zach Snow was the leading scorer for the Miller soccer team this spring and helped lead Yukon to a strong start to the season .
Elijah Ankrom , cross-country , track and field
Elijah Ankrom had another strong season for the Yukon cross-country and track and field teams with their solid distance running .
Aleyah Holman , softball
Aleyah Holman 's leadership and ability to keep innings alive as the 9-hole hitter for the Millerette softball team separated them from most other 9-hole hitters in the state .
Becka Cammon , basketball
Becka Cammon suffered a knee injury that ended their season sooner than expected but the senior still had a solid season with their ability to score the basketball .
Kamryn Karn , pom
Kamryn Karn was named to the All-State pom team and was integral to the Yukon pom squad making a run to the national competition .
Colton Humphrey , soccer and football
Colton Humphrey was a stout defender for the Yukon soccer team and was the place kicker for the Miller football team .
Peyton Kuykendall , pom
Peyton Kuykendall was named to the All-State pom team and helped lead the Yukon pom squad through the regional , state and national competitions .
Elora Jones , cross-country , track and field
Elora Jones was a stand-out as a first-year student for the Yukon cross-country and track and field teams . They started turning heads in the fall with several strong finishes in cross-country .
Mallory Scott , volleyball
Mallory Scott was dominant around the net when the ball came their way and helped lead the Millerette volleyball team to a strong season in 2017 .
Dalton DeBaud , baseball
Dalton DeBaud had a strong senior campaign for the Miller baseball team . DeBaud batted in the middle of the lineup for much of the year and had a strong year defensively in the outfield .
I will begin a new series of my Yukon High School top 30 athletes in July for the 2018-2019 school year .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( WCCO ) — Gov . Mark Dayton has signed the majority of this year 's bonding bill , despite having serious concerns over the amount of money it dedicates to certain projects .
Dayton said it does n't allocate enough money for higher education , state parks and water infrastructure across the state .
Dayton line-item vetoed a $ 1 million measure involving the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency . The money would have gone towards reviewing the agency 's scientific work .
The massive $ 1.4 billion bonding bill includes money for a variety of initiatives across the state , including ones involving Minnesota state colleges and universities , various state parks and new veterans homes in Bemidji , Montevideo and Preston .
Half of the money will go towards road and bridge repair projects .
It does include $ 1 million for the Stone Arch Bridge in Minneapolis . It 's enough money to keep it open for pedestrians , but falls short of the $ 13 million transportation officials wanted . The bridge does not qualify state highway funding because it does not service motor vehicles .
Bonding bill includes $ 1 million for preservation of Stone Arch Bridge in Minneapolis , meaning it will be able to stay open for pedestrians @ WCCO # mnleg # wcco pic.twitter.com/kJ5MIfLnlI — Mary McGuire ( @ mcguirereports ) May 30 , 2018
The next stop for Dayton will be the DFL Convention in Rochester this weekend . They are scheduled to speak to the crowd on Saturday morning .
NEW BRUNSWICK , N.J. ( AP ) — Rutgers University removed a professor accused of posting anti-Semitic statements on Facebook from their position as a director at the New Jersey school .
Michael Chikindas will no longer serve as director of the Center for Digestive Health at the Institute for Food , Nutrition and Health , Rutgers President Robert Barchi said Friday . The tenured food science professor was also barred from teaching required courses and will take cultural sensitivity training courses .
Barchi called the situation `` sad and deeply troubling . '' They said the university is seeking further disciplinary action against the professor through the faculty union .
Chikindas shared over a period of several months anti-Semitic cartoons along with conspiracy posts that claimed 9/11 was orchestrated by Jews , according to university administrators . Officials said Chikindas also referred to first lady Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump , daughter of President Donald Trump , as `` sluts . ''
Advertisement
Administrators said the posts `` perpetuated toxic stereotypes '' and were upsetting to Jewish students and staff at the university . The professor will be subject to ongoing monitoring `` if and when '' they return to teaching , Barchi said .
Chikindas claimed their account was hacked and denied the posts were anti-Semitic . They previously told NJ.com they do not identify themselves as an anti-Semite .
`` It is my lifelong credo that all people are born equal regardless of their ethnicity , religion and wealth , '' the professor said in October .
The nonprofit Israel education organization StandWithUs praised the university for taking action against Chikindas . The organization said the university `` did the right thing in the end . ''
Chikindas joined the university as a professor in 1998 . They became tenured in 2007 .
Police have considered charging the hundreds of men who had sex with a teenage girl forced into prostitution by their own mother - but say they will not , to protect the victim from further suffering .
Last week Kasmeer Lata was jailed for almost seven years for using their teenage daughter as a sex slave and selling their body to men about 1000 times over a two-year period .
Lata is only the third person to be convicted for slave trading in New Zealand 's legal history .
They sold their daughter as many as five times a day , charging men up to $ 200 per session .
Advertisement
READ MORE :
Teen sold 1000 times as a sex slave in sickening Auckland case
Exclusive : Teen sex slave to mother Kasmeer Lata speaks : 'Now it 's over , I am free '
Revealed : NZ 's third slave-dealing conviction after teen sold for sex 1000 times
How mum who sold their teen daughter as a sex slave was unmasked
The first time their daughter was forced to have sex with a man for money was on their 15th birthday .
The teen , who has permanent name suppression , fled to police in November 2016 .
Lata 's partner , Avneensh Sehgal , is also facing a lengthy stint in prison after they pleaded guilty to dealing in underage people for sexual exploitation and receiving earnings from underage sexual exploitation .
After the pair appeared in court last week questions were asked about the men who paid for sex with the teenager .
Some people were outraged that the men had not been prosecuted and others criticised police for not investigating them .
Detective Inspector Colin Higson explained to the Herald that taking the men to court - if they could even be identified - was not an option .
`` Police considered the liability of the men involved in the sexual exploitation of the young person during the investigation , '' they said .
`` The offences are 'strict liability ' offences under the Prostitution Reform Act 2003 but would still require any charge laid to be proven to gain a conviction . ''
Kasmeer Lata at sentencing in the High Court at Auckland last week . New Zealand Herald Photograph by Jason Oxenham
Higson said the transactions between the men and Lata - for sex in their Papatoetoe home , motels and other locations - were `` almost exclusively made in cash '' .
That made it `` extremely difficult '' for police to identify any of the men who paid for the teen 's sexual services .
`` Throughout the investigation a number of men were interviewed by police , but it was not possible to establish that they offended against the victim in this case , '' said Higson .
`` Ultimately , the only way to prove the identity of the men involved would be for the victim to identify and potentially be called to give evidence against each of them .
`` Our focus is on the victim and supporting them throughout the process and this course of action could have caused the victim to be revictimised multiple times and could have caused an extended prosecution phase , which would not have been in [ the victim 's ] best interests . ''
Higson said the police investigation and prosecution was focused entirely on the primary offenders - Lata and their partner .
`` [ They ] abused their position of trust by exploiting this young person .
`` The overriding factor in this case was the views of the victim , who made it clear that they wanted to take proceedings against their mother and partner . ''
Last week the victim told the Herald they wanted only one thing when they went to police - for their mother to apologise for their wrongdoing .
`` I just wanted my mother to acknowledge what they had done . By pleading guilty they showed me that they were sorry - that they know what they have done is wrong , '' they said .
`` Now it 's over - everything is over and I am free to live the life I always wanted to have . I was scared to death , but now I am comfortable . ''
Justice Matthew Muir said Lata 's offending had caused `` long-lasting , if not irreparable damage to their daughter '' as they `` effectively pimped them out '' .
The shareholders fear that policies to limit heat-trapping carbon emissions will hurt Exxon 's business of drilling for oil and natural gas .
The shareholder vote followed the 2015 Paris climate agreement , which called for policies to stop the rise in global temperatures at two degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels . Exxon said that even with that goal , the world will need to invest trillions of dollars in oil and natural gas to meet increasing energy demand from a growing world population and rising prosperity .
Exxon said more than 90 percent of its current proven reserves of oil and gas will be pumped from the ground by 2040 and wo n't be affected by a 2-degree scenario . The company said some of its higher-cost assets may not be developed , but energy demand will allow it to replenish its reserves `` for decades to come . ''
Officials in several states accuse Exxon of misleading the public and investors on what it knew about the role of fossil fuels in climate change . Exxon has denied the claims and is fighting back in court against investigations by New York and Massachusetts officials .
Exxon Mobil Corp. , based in Irving , Texas , released its report the same day that it posted disappointing fourth-quarter earnings , pushing Exxon shares down 5.1 percent .
Video thumbnails of women engaging in sexual acts with dogs and horses were easily searchable on YouTube as of Monday morning . Some racked up millions of views .
There is bestiality on YouTube , and it 's surprisingly easy to find . It 's also surprisingly prevalent ; but not in videos — in video thumbnails , some of which have racked up millions of views . Search YouTube for `` girl and their horse '' and the platform will return more than 12 million results . Among the first 20 results are four videos promoted with thumbnails of women seemingly engaged in sexual acts with horses . The top search return for the query ? A video titled `` Fantastic Girl and Them Horse in My Village '' promoted with a half blurred thumbnail of a woman being mounted by a horse with an erection . Created by an account called `` SC Today , '' the video has amassed nearly 35,000 views in the four weeks it 's been on YouTube .
The `` Fantastic Girl and Them Horse in My Village '' video itself does not feature any bestiality . It 's largely footage of a woman bathing and brushing a horse . But clicking on it triggers YouTube 's recommendation engine which promptly serves up dozens more animal videos — many with thumbnails featuring graphic bestiality . One such thumbnailed video , published by a channel called `` ALL ANIMAL , '' had amassed 2.3 million views at the time of this writing . Most of these bestiality-thumbed videos — which appear to originate in South Asian countries like Cambodia — feature women in sundresses playing with or caring for animals like horses and dogs ; Some feature up skirt angles and groin shots of women as they bathe or brush horses and dogs . And there are many . Without needing to search , YouTube 's recommendation algorithm pointed BuzzFeed News to dozens of accounts , each with multiple videos featuring explicit bestiality thumbnails .
A senior employee at YouTube tasked with building out the company 's intelligence desk ( a new unit which seeks to identify controversial and rule violating content trends on the platform ) told BuzzFeed News that these graphic thumbnail videos appear similar to those made by a Cambodian content farm that was kicked off the platform in the fall of 2017 . The employee noted that in its previous iteration , the content farm used provocative thumbnails ( though none featuring bestiality ) to promote titillating videos of women petting snakes . The employee told BuzzFeed News that the Cambodian accounts were likely hoping to spike their view counts in hopes of later monetizing them ( the vast majority of the accounts BuzzFeed News discovered had not been monetized at the time they were terminated ) . The employee explained that YouTube 's thumbnail monitoring technology — which , at present , is not as thorough as its video monitoring technology — did n't catch bestiality thumbnails as they do n't necessarily have the same characteristics as typical pornography ( often those in the videos are mostly clothed and the videos lack certain signifiers like skin ) . The use of bestiality images highlights how the Cambodian content farm tactics are evolving , the employee added .
`` These images are abhorrent to us and have no place on YouTube , '' a spokesperson for the company told BuzzFeed News . `` We have strict policies against misleading thumbnails , and violative content flagged to us by BuzzFeed has been removed . We 're working quickly to do more than ever to tackle abuse on our platform , and that includes developing better tools for detecting inappropriate and misleading metadata and thumbnails so we can take fast action against them . ''
The bestiality-thumbed videos discovered by BuzzFeed News are largely variations on `` A girl and horse '' or `` Lovely smart girl Playing Baby Cute Dogs On Rice '' and often use similar or identical photos . Some appear realistic , others are obviously Photoshopped ; All of them appear to point the way to pornographic videos .
Others appear to mix disturbing kids videos with the graphic thumbnail content .
Some of these bestiality-thumbed videos have garnered millions of views in the months they 've been on YouTube . They do n't appear to have been monetized which may be part of the reason why they went undetected by YouTube . That said , they were reported to YouTube via its @ TeamYouTube Twitter account on Thursday April 19th . The account replied the same day , noting `` shared this with the right people . '' On the morning of April 23rd , many videos with the same thumbnails were easily searchable .
Bestiality thumbnails are the latest in a series of missteps for YouTube which has had ongoing difficulties policing its platform for content that violates its rules . In November 2017 , YouTube faced criticism following reports of unsettling animated videos and bizarre content aimed at children . Weeks later , the company announced it would crack down on child-centric videos after BuzzFeed News reported on dozens of videos — with millions of views — that depicted children in disturbing and abusive situations ( many of those videos were monetized , making some of their creators hundreds of thousands per month ) . In 2018 , YouTube came under fire for unwittingly directing users searching for news to conspiracy videos .
Shortly after being contacted by BuzzFeed News on Monday afternoon , YouTube began deleting the bestiality-thumbed videos on its platform and terminating the accounts that published them . A few hours later , the company proudly announced the success of its latest content policing efforts , telling the New York Times that 80 % of the 8.28 million videos the company took down during the fourth quarter of 2017 were flagged by machines . If you want to read more about YouTube and the internet 's daily information wars , subscribe to Infowarzel , a BuzzFeed News newsletter by the author of this piece , Charlie Warzel .
The lower house of Congress in the Philippines has passed a law that would make divorce legal in the mainly Roman Catholic Southeast Asian country .
The Absolute Divorce act was passed in a Monday session of the House of Representatives with 134 votes in favor , 57 against and two abstentions .
President Rodrigo Duterte and some lawmakers have been opposed to the bill . Lawmakers argued in the Monday debate that the bill would lead to more couples separating instead of trying to fix their problems . Bishops also say that allowing people to dissolve marriages would be a disrespect of religious principles .
Duterte , known for their battle against drugs in the Philippines , has on several occasions said that they are concerned about the welfare of children whose parents divorce .
Congresswoman Emmi de Jesus , however , said lawmakers had filed the bill to respond to increasing demands of women who wanted to get emancipated from abusive husbands or those wishing to end failed relationships .
“ It is not at the president 's bidding that we file legislation , ” said Emmi , making a reference to Duterte 's opposition to the bill . They said that to make divorce completely legal , the legislative process should “ take its course. ” The process requires Philippines ' upper house Senate to pass a counterpart bill , which has yet to be drafted .
Polls have shown that Filipinos are becoming increasingly supportive of legalizing divorce .
The Philippines and Vatican are the only two states in the world without a divorce law .
More than 53 percent of respondents to a last year survey by Social Weather Stations , an independent pollster in the Philippines , were in favor of legalizing divorce .
By Japhet Alakam
Visual art is seen as a male-dominated business all over the world , but many women believe in the popular saying that “ whatever a man can do , a woman can do it , even better and so they have been trying to prove it and that popular saying played out recently when a female emerging artist , Bolatito Aderemi-Ibitola , beat two male finalists to emerge the winner of the N1 million prize money of the 2018 edition of the ART X Prize with Access ' instituted by ART X Lagos , West Africa 's foremost international art fair , in conjunction with Access Bank to recognise and support the best of emerging Nigerian visual art talent .
Apart from the N1million grant they will receive towards their project which will be exhibited in a solo presentation at ART X Lagos 2018 from 2nd to 4th November , Ibitola will also receive invaluable opportunities for networking and mentoring to realise , promote , and contextualise their art project .
Ibitola , a trans-disciplinary artist working primarily in time-based art , interactivity and performance who could n't hold back their joy when they were announced winner said : “ This prize is really amazing to the emerging artist . This is something we would n't have been able to do due to funding issues . ”
The artist who stated that they were inspired by their mother who made their dresses as a child , explained the nature of art they produce . “ It 's quite a huge undertaking because the screen I want to use is large . As of now , it 's about 15 feet depending on how the project develops ; it may be bigger than that . The piece I proposed is called ‘ scraps from mama 's screen . ”
Ibitola was chosen from a pool of several dozen applicants by a jury of five renowned artists comprising veteran artist , Professor Bruce Onobrakpeya ; Yinka Shonibare MBE ; Wura-Natasha Ogunji , Sokari Douglas-Camp ; and curator/SNA president , Oliver Enwonwu . BolatitoAderemi-Ibitola emerged as the winner of the Prize , after live presentations to the jury , alongside a shortlist that also included two other artists – Ayo Akinwande and Williams Chechet as finalists .
Access Bank 's collaboration with ART X Lagos stems from a mandate to support and contribute to the development of the art sector in Nigeria by investing in Nigerian talent . The sponsorship of the ART X Prize with Access is a partnership that will celebrate , empower and provide vital professional development for a new generation of emerging Nigerian talent .
Founder & Director of ART X Lagos , Tokini Peterside , remarked : “ The extraordinarily high quality of work we received speaks volumes of the potential of the art sector in Nigeria . We are delighted to have the privilege to support the prize winner , Bolatito , at this pivotal stage in their career . With certainty that this will propel them forward towards a successful future within the African and global art industry , we look forward to unveiling Bolatito 's ambitious project at ART X Lagos 2018 in November . The project will introduce Bolatito to our international audience of critics , collectors and curators from renowned institutions around the world . We extend our heartfelt thanks to Access Bank for their support for this initiative and to our stellar jury for their tireless commitment and generosity to this effort . ”
On their part , Herbert Wigwe , CEO and Group Managing Director of Access Bank Plc opines : ” At Access Bank , beyond our vast collection of established artists , we believe that we are also responsible for empowering emerging artists . This is why we continue to support the ART X Prize – to celebrate the ingenuity of Nigeria 's emerging art talent . I can see the recipient of the ART X Prize with Access being the next great artist of our time , endowing us with the potential and the privilege to shape the most relevant art that will come out of the African continent . ”
Bolatito lives and works in Lagos , Nigeria , and earned their Master 's in Performance Studies from Tisch School of the Performing Arts , New York University and holds a Bachelor 's in Communication Arts with a focus in Television/Film Production and a minor in Political Science from Allegheny College .
On the selection process , Professor Bruce Onobrakpeya comments : ” The finalists have demonstrated far-sighted maturity in their presentations , in varied media , with demonstrable projects and feasible proposals . ART X Lagos must be congratulated for its professionalism in organising an international jury to deliberate on the ART X Prize with Access . ”
Jury member , Yinka Shonibare MBE also commented : “ Aderemi-Ibitola , Chechet and Akinwande have all expressed contemporary cultural concerns in Nigeria through their work . All of the finalists are very strong , so you can imagine what an impossible decision it has been for us ! I am very proud to have been part of this exciting process . ”
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Dried Flowers Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Koos Lamboo Dried & Deco , Broome Beck Flower Farm , Winter Flora , Tweefontein Herb Farm , Quanzhou Yilida Dried Flowers Co. , Ltd. , Cherry Valley Organic .
The Dried Flowers Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Dried Flowers industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dried-flowers-market/10139/ # requestforsample
The Dried Flowers Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Dried Flowers Market Products Type Segmentation : Air-Drying Flowers , Press-Drying Flowers , Embedded-Drying Flowers , Oven-Drying Flowers , Glycerine-Drying Flowers , Freeze-Drying Flowers .
Dried Flowers Market Applications Segmentation : Food Industry , Medical Industry , Decoration , Sachets , Bathing and Other Body Care , Other Applications .
Key Highlights of the Dried Flowers Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dried-flowers-market/10139/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Dried Flowers market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Moschino 's creative director Jeremy Scott is back at Coachella with a limited-edition collection that is already making everybody run amok for the right reasons . Moschino has , in fact , just introduced a Candy Crush-inspired collection just in time for what could be fairly regarded as the world 's most awaited festival , Coachella .
Moschino 's Candy Crush line-up marks Jeremy Scott 's 11th venture with Coachella , which for those who are familiar with both the label and the festival , is also synonymous with one of Coachella 's biggest parties . Jeremy Scott , along with Candy Crush and also streaming video platform Tidal , held one of Coachella 's biggest parties last Saturday , which was , of course , live-streamed by Tidal , and the pictures of which are all over Instagram tagged with the trending hashtags # MoschinoCandyCrush and # TidalMoschino ( tagged also by celebrities such as Katy Perry , Kylie Jenner , Jared Leto , Frances Cobain , Paris Hilton , Emily Ratajkowski , Kehlani , Joan Smalls , Stella Maxwell , Taylor Hill , and Soo Joo Park ) .
Pictures aside , which filled us with FOMO ( Fear of Missing Out ) emotions , Moschino 's Candy Crush collection was also a sort of birthday party lineup for Candy Crash as well , as the famous mobile game was celebrating its franchise 's fifth anniversary specifically with one of Coachella 's most praised capsule collections ever . What 's the reason behind this success , you may now ask ? Well , it surely has to deal with the fact that the staples look exactly like the mobile game !
“ As someone who is inspired by pop culture , it was only a matter of time till I 'd play with the iconography of Candy Crush . The only thing I love more than playing the game is wearing it , ” explained Scott in an official press release .
Moschino x Candy Crash 's colorful limited edition collection consists of four different must-have items , namely a backpack ( which retails for $ 650 ) , a phone case ( which is one of Scott 's all-time favorite accessory revisits and retails for ( $ 70 ) , as well as swimwear pieces for both women and men ( $ 300 and $ 205 accordingly ) .
“ Jeremy 's approach to fashion is fun , playful and full of bright colors , so the Moschino x Candy Crush partnership was a natural fit to kick off the celebration of Candy Crush 's five year anniversary , ” narrative designer for the Candy Crush Saga Yonna Ingolf told Fashionista via email , also revealing they “ definitely want [ s ] to rock the swimsuit ” this summer . They also hinted at the fact that they “ recently worked with Vanessa Hudgens on the launch of Bubble Witch 3 Saga and I 'd love to see them along with other sweet stars wearing the collection at the festival . ”
Needless to say , the stars that wore Moschino 's Candy Crush pieces were many .
All of Moschino 's Candy Crush-inspired staples are available for purchase at moschino.com starting from today until supplies last . You 'd better act fast if you want to get your hands ( at least ) on one of them !
Photos courtesy of Moschino
One of last remaining Blockbusters in US set to close North Pole , Alaska — Time has run out for one of the last remaining Blockbuster Video stores in the country . Kevin Daymude , general manager of the Blockbuster in the North Pole , ...
The one place you can still find a Blockbuster Alaska is the “ Last Frontier ” — for Blockbuster Video . The movie rental chain closed nearly all of its stores in 2013 after going bankrupt , but nine of the 12 stores ...
Pressure mounted on Facebook in Europe on Monday in the wake of reports of alleged misuse of the personal data of tens of millions of its users by Cambridge Analytica .
European Parliament president Antonio Tajani said the European Parliament would investigate the claims made in media reports at the weekend .
It was alleged that private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users was harvested without their permission in 2014 and that this ultimately enabled it to exploit social media activity of millions of American voters ahead of US president Donald Trump 's campaign in 2016 .
Whistleblower Christopher Wylie alleged academic Aleksandr Kogan – through their firm Global Science Research , in collaboration with Cambridge Analytica – paid hundreds of thousands of Facebook users to take a personality test and agree to have their data collected through an app called thisisyourdigitallife .
The app was then able to collect data from the Facebook friends of the paid users .
Mr Tajani said : “ Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens ' privacy rights . The European Parliament will investigate fully , calling digital platforms to account . ”
Vera Jourová , Commissioner for Justice , Consumers and Gender Equality also noted the reports , tweeting : “ Horrifying , if confirmed . Personal data of 50 mln # Facebook users could be so easily mishandled & used for political purpose . We do n't want this in the EU . ”
Facebook was extensively audited by the Data Protection Commissioner in 2011 . This followed complaints made by Austrian privacy campaigner Max Schrems in a case that ultimately led to the striking down of the EU-US Safe Harbour arrangement for transferring personal data outside the EU .
The commissioner 's office , at that time , examined how third-party applications interacted with Facebook and the data provided to the social media giant by its own users .
The audit report said Facebook “ could significantly improve the manner in which it empowers users via appropriate information and tools to make a fully informed decision when granting access to their information to third party applications .
“ With the thousands of third-party applications on the Facebook Platform , it is critical that the framework for the provision of data to such applications is as clear and secure as possible . ”
It added that this was recognised by the company .
“ It is also the case that while there are matters which are within the direct control of ( Facebook Ireland ) , others are outside its control as they rest primarily with the third party application . ”
The audit added that it was “ not possible ” for Facebook “ to abrogate responsibility once the information is in the possession of the third party application and it does not seek to do so ” .
When the 2011 audit was followed up in a review by the commissioner in 2012 , the office found the company had made a “ satisfactory ” response to a number of recommendations in relation to third-party apps .
However , the commissioner said at that time it should be “ made easier for users to make informed choices about what apps installed by friends can access ” . The office recommended that Facebook should “ re-examine providing choice to their users , short of turning off the ability to use apps altogether ” .
Paul F Nemitz , the director responsible for fundamental rights and union citizenship in the Directorate-General Justice of the European Commission , said on Monday that if Schrems had made a complaint about the Facebook apps ' practices in 2011 , then the privacy flaw was “ known to # DataProtection Authorty ( sic ) in # Ireland and Facebook since 2011 ” .
Facebook has denied that the harvesting of tens of millions of profiles by Global Science Research and Cambridge Analytica was a data breach . It has said Mr Kogan “ gained access to this information in a legitimate way and through the proper channels ” but “ did not subsequently abide by our rules ” because they passed the information on to third parties .
US stocks fell on Monday , with the Nasdaq dropping more than 1 per cent , as
Facebook 's shares dropped by more than 5 per cent early in the day following the weekend reports about Cambridge Analytica .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Sinclair Broadcast Group will sell nine TV stations to Standard Media Group for $ 441.7 million as part of its plan to meet regulatory approval for its pending $ 3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media .
The sale of the stations is contingent on the Tribune deal closing . Sinclair said it expects that deal to close by the end of the second quarter .
The moves come after Sinclair received widespread attention after news reports earlier in April showed dozens of Sinclair news anchors reading an identical script expressing concern about `` one-sided news stories plaguing the country . '' At the time , President Donald Trump tweeted their support of the network .
The stations include one each in Oklahoma , Michigan , North Carolina , Virginia and Iowa and four in Pennsylvania .
Advertisement
Sinclair owns 193 stations across the country .
LAWRENCE , Kan. — Kansas forward Udoka Azubuike withdrew their name from the NBA draft on Wednesday , choosing to return for their junior season after participating in the combine .
The 7-footer from Nigeria started 34 games last season , averaging 13 points and seven rebounds . They shot 77 per cent from the field , a Big 12 record and the best mark in the nation .
Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man , and scouts have wondered how their skills would transfer to the NBA . The league 's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against their strengths , and developing an outside shot will likely be an emphasis at Kansas .
Azubuike said in a statement that they received `` good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month . '' They did not hire an agent and had until Wednesday 's deadline to withdraw .
Recap : We initially reported that Google was working with the US Department of Defense to develop drone footage-analyzing AI back in March . Later , thousands of Google employees expressed their distaste with the project via a petition and roughly a dozen others resigned . In response , Google now says they 're developing ethical guidelines that will steer their military work in the right direction .
Google sparked a bit of controversy in March when the public discovered the company was working with the Pentagon on a military AI project dubbed `` Project Maven . ''
Google 's role in the project was to develop AI that could analyze drone footage . As you might imagine , many of Google 's employees were n't too keen on the concept of developing tech for military use .
As such , in April , over 3100 employees signed a petition demanding that Google leave the Pentagon partnership . In response , the company claimed the results of their work with the Department of Defense would be used for purely non-offensive purposes .
Google 's explanation was n't enough for some employees , though . In May , roughly a dozen employees left the company due to Project Maven .
It seems the resignations may have been at least mildly effective , according to the New York Times . The outlet says Google is now working hard to develop ethical guidelines that will dictate how the company makes decisions regarding defense contracts in the future .
Specifically , Google reportedly told the Times that their new guidelines would `` [ preclude ] the use of A.I . in weaponry . '' Whether or not these guidelines will be enough to soothe internal and external fears about Google 's future military work remains to be seen .
A new report has recently been published by Persistence Market Research to present a comprehensive analysis of the global deep learning market . Titled ‘ Deep Learning Market : Global Industry Analysis ( 2012 – 2016 ) & Forecast ( 2017 – 2027 ) , ' this report is an in-depth study of the concept of deep learning and the performance of the global market for deep learning across key end use industry sectors across seven key geographies . The report carefully analyzes the different factors responsible for impacting market revenue growth over a 10 year assessment period from 2017 to 2027 and presents insights on the market growth and performance to investors and other key market stakeholders .
Request Sample : https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/20281
Global Deep Learning Market : Revenue Forecast & Market Dynamics Analysis
According to Persistence Market Research forecasts , the global deep learning market is estimated to be valued at US $ 4,841.2 Mn by the end of 2017 and this is projected to increase to a whopping US $ 261,113.0 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027 . This denotes an exponential compound annual growth rate of 49.0 % recorded during the period of forecast . This growth can be attributed to a need for better processing hardware , increase in research and development activities in some markets around the globe , and rapid adoption of cloud based technologies across the globe .
However , deep learning requires high performance hardware that is not easily available . Cost is another limiting factor . Also , several enterprises prefer the traditional route over hyperparameter optimization . These factors are expected to restrict revenue growth of the deep learning market in the coming decade . Utilization of deep learning technology in smartphones and medical image analysis for diagnosis of chronic diseases such as cancer ; and in virtual patient assistance is trending the global deep learning market .
Global Deep Learning Market : Forecast Analysis by End Use Industry
The global deep learning market is segmented on the basis of end use industry into Manufacturing , Healthcare , Media & Entertainment , Security , Finance , and Others . Finance is the largest segment , expected to hold more than 40 % value share of the global deep learning market by 2027 . Finance is also expected to be the fastest growing end use industry segment , with a CAGR of 60.1 % during the forecast period . In terms of value , the Finance segment is projected to be the most attractive in the global deep learning market during the period of study .
Download TOC : https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/20281
Global Deep Learning Market : Forecast Analysis by Region
Seven regional markets are assessed in this report on the global deep learning market . These key geographies are North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia Pacific Excluding Japan , Japan , and the Middle East and Africa . North America is the leading regional market for deep learning , expected to hold 42.4 % share of the global market by 2027 end . APEJ is the second largest regional market , with an estimated value share of just under 26 % by the end of the forecast period in 2027 . In terms of value , North America is projected to be the most attractive region in the global deep learning market during the period of study .
Global Deep Learning Market : Key Player Insights
The report profiles some of the top companies in the global deep learning market such as Google Inc. , Microsoft Corp. , IBM Corporation , Facebook Inc. , Qualcomm Technologies , Inc. , NVIDIA Corp. , Amazon.com , Inc. , Intel Corporation , Clarifai , Inc. , and Deep Instinct Ltd. Key players are looking to adopt a strategy of moving to different sectors with their products from the deep learning algorithm to enhance revenue share in the global market . Companies in the global deep learning market are also focusing on improving their artificial intelligence capabilities and the deep learning service portfolio across multiple industry sectors like electronics retail .
About Us :
Persistence Market Research ( PMR ) is a third-platform research firm . Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance.To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges , we follow a multi-disciplinary approach . At PMR , we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources . By deploying real-time data collection , big data , and customer experience analytics , we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes .
Contact Us :
305 Broadway,7th Floor
New York City , NY 10007
United States
+1-646-568-7751
+1 800-961-0353 ( USA-Canada Toll free )
Email : sales @ persistencemarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com
Back in the summer of 2015 , a year before the Brexit vote , I was summoned to the German Embassy in London for a special briefing by a senior member of Germany 's Social Democrats . The man from the SPD did n't mince their words : David Cameron might secure a few small concessions in their forthcoming renegotiation with the EU , but it was inconceivable that they could obtain any significant changes in Britain 's relationship with Europe . For Germany , free movement of people within the European Union was sacrosanct – and even if Deutschland had been willing to change the rules for Britain 's sake , any major alteration would need to be ratified by all the other member states . That process would take years , not months . There simply was n't time . Cameron had raised British expectations to an unrealistic level , and any Briton hoping for a brand-new deal was bound to be disappointed . The man from the SPD was right . The rest is history . A year later , Britain voted out .
This was an important story , but at the time it did n't get much traction . Why not ? Because it did n't suit the needs of either side in the great Brexit debate . Neither Europhiles nor Europhobes wanted to talk down Cameron 's chances . Remainers did n't want to spread doom and gloom about the intransigence of our EU allies . Leavers preferred to keep their powder dry , so they could give Dave both barrels when they returned from Europe virtually empty handed . So both sides kept shtum , and the public were left with a vastly inflated notion of what Berlin might be prepared to do to keep Britain sweet .
Eighteen months on much has changed , yet the situation is strangely similar . A new Prime Minister is about to embark on yet another renegotiation with the EU , and even though this time the negotiation is about exit terms , rather than the terms which might have persuaded the UK to stay , British expectations remain just as unrealistic as they were under David Cameron .
Politicians will always try to spin a story whichever way it suits them ( the man from the SPD was trying to dampen British expectations , to bolster Cameron 's Remain campaign ) but civil servants have no particular axe to grind , and since Britain voted out I 've spoken to various German civil servants about the view from Berlin . Everyone I talk to tells me the same story . They 're bemused and bewildered by the implacable British belief ( held by both Leavers and Remainers ) that Germany will be willing to make major concessions to the UK , so they can carry on selling us tariff-free cars or fridges or whatever . The rules are the same for everyone . There will be no exceptions . As one German official told me , bluntly , ‘ it 's black and white . '
The British are a pragmatic breed , always keen to find new interpretations of old rules , even if it means bending those rules close to breaking point . The Germans are n't like that . Through the chaos of the last century , in a land with no natural borders that 's so often been a battlefield , rules were all they had . It 's what makes Germany such an efficient and exasperating place . ‘ Alles muss in ordnung sein ' ( everything must remain in order ) is a mantra that permeates every area of public life . It is n't just a preference for keeping things neat and tidy . It 's about making sure everything is planned and organised , right down to the smallest detail . It means doing everything by the book .
When Russia invaded Crimea , Angela Merkel decided to impose sanctions . German businesses stood to lose billions . They lobbied the German government , but Merkel remained implacable . The sanctions stood . For Crimea , read Brexit . A hard Brexit will hurt German exports , but that does n't make a soft Brexit any more likely . Like David Cameron before her , the best that Theresa May can expect from Germany is a few marginal concessions , and the sooner their government comes clean about this , the better it 'll be for all concerned .
For a few minutes just after 7 o'clock tonight , Ross Taylor had Seddon Park to himself .
They walked across the outfield , the shadows lengthening behind him , and after climbing a significant individual milestone yesterday , it was a chance to be alone with their thoughts .
A penny for them . A hunch would have them a mix of family , team and Martin Crowe .
Read more :
De Grandhomme caught up in DRS shocker
Windies coach optimistic of seeing some spirit
Advertisement
Their 17th test century , 107 not out against the West Indies , brought them level with captain Kane Williamson but , more importantly in purely personal terms , their mentor Crowe .
Tonight , where it was clear the emotions was running high , the eyes red , Taylor talked about what the day had meant to him .
Crowe had not only urged Taylor to match their 17 centuries but push on beyond . That 's Taylor 's next mission , but he 'll have to wait until March for New Zealand 's test series , against England .
Ross Taylor signs autographs . Photo / Photosport.co.nz
They did a brief interview with Crowe 's former teammate , commentator Ian Smith . Both were close to Crowe , who died last year at 53 .
'' We had some good nights with Hogan , talking about my batting , and a lot of it probably not positive , but it came from a good place and I guess that 's why I 'm here today . ''
They spoke of a quick chat with umpire Bruce Oxenford , who congratulated them on reaching the century .
'' I said thank you and if you 'd told me at the start of my career I 'd get 17 test hundreds I 'd have said 'no chance ' . I always saw myself as a white ball player growing up . ''
Taylor was dropped on 35 yesterday , which ended with the West Indies -- replying to 291 for eight -- at 30 for two chasing an improbable 444 to square the series .
'' I do n't normally say this but I said ( to myself ) 'let 's make it pay ' . ''
They admitted he 's not big on numbers but Crowe had instilled into them that while `` they are not the be all and end all they are just a little reminder now and then .
Ross Taylor batting . Photo / Photosport.co.nz
'' You go through ups and downs and sometimes a goal is there to motivate you ; sometimes they 're there to give you a push along . ''
Their work through the on side yesterday was strong , they frequently pierced the offside field , scoring eight boundaries off their 198 balls .
They moved New Zealand 's advantage out beyond 400 , and Taylor talked about the importance of the team aspect , there were other parts to yesterday .
This was their fifth century at Seddon Park , they live in Hamilton , and that matters .
They like batting at Seddon Park , he 's comfortable here , has spoken of the importance of being at home , with their family and feeling relaxed .
Their first test hundred , 120 against England in 2008 , was also at Seddon Park .
That still holds a special place as it proved to them that – after `` an average '' first two tests in South Africa , then being dropped for the subsequent visit from Bangladesh , then being recalled – that `` I could belong , I could play at this level . ''
All they wanted today was to focus on their processes , and batting to the situation of the game .
But they got a whole lot more , and New Zealand were the beneficiary too .
And for all the individual side of yesterday , Taylor you suspect would like that bit just as much .
'' Seventeen is the benchmark that 'Hogan ' wanted me to get to and beat . But they also said : 'carry on and do n't stop there ' , '' Taylor said before the test .
How 's that for that little bit of motivation Taylor was talking about .
DENVER – Closing statements from both attorneys in the trial involving a former Denver radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift before a 2013 concert are expected to get underway Monday morning on Day 6 of the trial .
Live updates from U.S. District Court of Colorado in Denver can be found below . Refresh page for the latest updates . ( All times Mountain ) :
8:30 a.m .
The day will get underway Monday with a “ charging conference ” involving Judge William J. Martinez and attorneys from both Swift 's side and the side of David Mueller , the former DJ .
At the conference , the attorneys will review and finalize the instructions that will be given to the jury to decide the remainder of the trial .
After the conference is over , the jury will return to the courtroom and hear closing statements from both sides , then will start deliberating .
But after Judge Martinez ruled Friday that Swift would no longer be party to the lawsuit filed against them and their team and tossed out four of the five claims against the defendants , there will only be one claim moving forward originally filed by Mueller .
That claim—tortious interference with contract claims—is only moving forward against Swift 's mother , Andrea Swift , and their manager , Frank Bell .
Taylor Swift 's counterclaim against Mueller will also be moving ahead . It involves claims of assault and battery .
As in all cases , the jury will have to reach a unanimous verdict to find any of the parties guilty of something .
The triennial Dublin International Piano Competition is catching up . Last time around , in 2015 , it chose its first ever female winner , France 's Nathalia Milstein . This week , 30 years on from the first competition in 1988 , it chose its first Asian winner when it awarded its €15,000 first prize to 22-year-old Sae Yoon Chon from South Korea .
The groundbreaking Chon , a pupil in Toronto of the competition 's artistic director and jury chairperson , John O'Conor , not only took the top prize but was also awarded the €1,000 Mai Hannon Prize for the best performance of a work by Liszt .
The second prize went to 19-year-old Evren Ozel from the United States ( who also won prizes for their playing of Mozart and Chopin ) , the third to Alexey Sychev ( 29 ) , a Russian pupil of jury member Jan Jiracek von Arnim , and the fourth to Aristo Sham ( 22 ) from Hong Kong .
Sham also won the RTÉ NSO Prize , judged by the members of the orchestra , for the best performance by a finalist other than the prizewinner . For my money , their handling of Prokofiev 's Third Concerto with the NSO under Andrew Mogrelia also outclassed the winner 's playing of Prokofiev 's Second .
American Evren Ozel took second place in the Dublin International Piano Competition
Stars overnight
The batch of prizes for the highest-placed Irish competitor went to Eoin Fleming ( 20 ) , another O'Conor pupil , who also took the prize for the best performance of one of the specially-commissioned test pieces , Deirdre Gribbin 's Unseen . I found myself more taken by the musical balance that Kazakh Alim Beisembayev ( 20 ) brought to Conor Linehan 's Intermezzo .
Winning an international piano competition is no longer the sure route to fame that popular imagination still seems to assume it is . In their heyday the Chopin in Warsaw , the Tchaikovsky in Moscow , the Van Cliburn in Fort Worth and the Leeds had the apparent ability to create stars overnight .
They were operating in a world where the total number of international piano competitions held each year was still below 50 . By the time Dublin arrived on the scene in 1988 it had risen to about 100 .
Today the annual number is pushing 350 and the grand total of such competitions is about 900 – the disparity is explained by the fact that most of them are triennial or quadrennial . In other words , new first prizewinners are being crowned at the rate of nearly one a day .
Winning is a personal triumph and a genuine career boost for the lucky player . Competition organisers can bask in the glory of the career boost they provide to their winners . And the work of competitions serves other laudable goals , too . But no normal individual in their right mind is going to try to track the artistic and career achievements of so many winners . The sad fact is that the proliferation of competitions has long been inimical to the kind of high public that made competitions so attractive in the first place .
Crunch the numbers for a moment . The Dublin competition allows about 60 players into its first round and has multiple applicants for each of those places . The overall pool of wannabe competitors runs well into the thousands and most of those who fail to win a prize face career prospects as performers that are not exactly enticing .
This is the unromantic reality of the world which both the competitors and the competitions themselves have to negotiate . The competitions compete among themselves , too , in the business of attracting the best competitors . It 's all not a million miles away from the cliché of the aspiring Hollywood actors who spend their lives waiting tables in Los Angeles . And the same rules about good luck and the indefinable X-factor definitely apply .
Russian Alexey Sychev finished third in the Dublin International Piano Competition
Aristo Sham from Hong Kong finished fourth in the Dublin International Piano Competition
Distaste
The jury voting system in Dublin involves no ranking of individual players by individual jurors during the first three rounds . The results can be as crude as you would expect from the first past the post system that is involved . Both the enthusiasm and distaste any juror may feel for any particular player is ignored .
The outcomes predictably tend to be weighted against individuality and imagination in favour of the safer centre ground . Because the voting in Dublin is not made public , there 's a tendency for people to think of the jury as a homogenous entity . The truth is different .
At Tuesday 's final , O'Conor revealed that eight of the 11 jury members had placed Chon first , the highest number since Antti Siirala 's unanimous win in 2003 . You can extrapolate from this that dissent within the jury about the winners in 2006 , 2009 , 2012 and 2015 was at the very least about 35 per cent .
From the point of view of technical delivery , the level at this year 's competition was probably the highest ever . Musically , it was less interesting . There were only a few players I would have wanted to hear a full recital from . Neither of the two who made it to the semi-finals , Anna Geniushene and Aris Blettenberg , survived beyond that point . Both are players with an extremist streak , as is Tomer Gewirtzman , who exited after the second round .
Though I found myself willing to overlook these players ' miscalculations , I can see why others might respond differently . The immediate and future reputation of the competition – and O'Conor confirmed that funding for 2021 is already in place – now rests in the sure and safe hands of Sae Yoon Chon .
mdervan @ irishtimes.com
This dry , beautifully acted German comedy is making waves around the world .
It 's a nominee in the Best Foreign Language film category at the Oscars this month , and has made headlines because Jack Nicholson loved the film so much he 's coming out of retirement to star in an American remake .
There 's another simple reason we should be talking Toni Erdmann ; it 's a German comedy - a sparsely populated genre .
A carefully crafted and honest film about artistic father Winfried connecting with business orientated daughter Ines , Toni Erdmann is n't an endless series of laugh-out-loud gags so much as a terrifically funny opening scene and climax , with the in-between littered with gags and observations about family .
It 's funny in a way that fluctuates from amusing and clever , to awkward and a touch depressing - and it 's how it manages to be all these things that 's refreshing . The unusual tone is accentuated by a simple observational documentary-shooting style so we feel we 're in the room with Winfried and Ines , experiencing their relationship at close range .
Peter Simonischek is fabulous as Winfried , a divorced , semi-retired music teacher who loves a practical joke . In truth , Toni Erdmann could almost be one long `` Dad joke '' , with Winfred taking any opportunity to amuse friends and students by dressing up in a wig , false teeth and accent while sitting on a whoopee cushion .
Huller is excellent as Ines , and while they remain stony-faced throughout their father 's ongoing shenanigans you sense the emotions flooding their body .
Toni Erdmann will polarise audiences - it refuses to be labelled a comedy or drama , instead presenting true and nuanced performances which deliver a timeless message about what 's important .
It 's easy to see why Nicholson is interested , and to anticipate how their interpretation will be presented , but if you 're in the mood for something a little more unsettling , sad , joyful and yes , at times , plain slow , then the original is the way to go .
Cast : Peter Simonischek , Sandra Huller
Director : Maren Ade
Running Time : 162 mins
Rating : R16 ( Sex scenes , nudity , drug use and offensive language
Verdict : An unusual and challenging film that 's hugely rewarding in the end .
- NZ Herald
Dive Brief :
While it is fairly unlikely the U.S. Department of Education will be shuttered by the Trump administration , projects given extra attention under the Obama administration may not continue with new leadership at the helm of the department .
In a piece questioning the future of the Office of Educational Technology , EdSurge reports some educators are worried OET initiatives will be scrapped to make room for new projects Trump can take credit for .
Still , U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has talked about the important role educational technology can play in classrooms , and former New York City schools chancellor Harold Levy sees the possibility of even more support for ed tech from the Trump administration .
Dive Insight :
There has been a lot of conjecture and fear over what the new administration will mean for education policy . Many pages on the Department of Education 's website have changed or gone missing , including one for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act . Since DeVos seemed unaware of the IDEA and the obligations it places on school districts nationwide , some have jumped to conclusions , but Education Week reported last week a department spokesperson attributed the problem with server issues .
One thing that seems very clear is that the U.S. Department of Education under Trump will be far less aggressive in protecting students ' civil rights than it was under Obama . Obama era actions included taking steps to protect and better serve transgender students , English learners and students in juvenile detention facilities .
By Sam Hurley
Video will play in Play now Do n't auto play
Never auto play
A case of mistaken identity saw a young man accused twice of their Australian-based brother 's alleged crime , leaving the law red-faced .
Jordan , 22 , who wished to keep their last name anonymous , told the Herald they were arrested on Monday after they and their friends were stopped by two police officers while driving through Auckland .
It was the second time the hairdresser and make-up artist has faced legal action for their 24-year-old brother 's alleged offence .
Early last year , Jordan was also summoned to court on a wilful damage charge for allegedly vandalising a John Key campaign billboard several years ago .
After being pulled over along a suburban Mt Eden street on Monday , Jordan was asked for their driver 's licence , before being asked to step out of the car by police .
`` I thought 'Oh , what have I done ? ' ''
`` [ The officer ] said , 'So , you know you have a warrant out for your arrest ? ' And I thought , 'really ? '
`` He told me I was under arrest , told me my rights and put me in front of their car and patted me down - which was embarrassing . ''
Jordan , believing police wanted to speak to them about a heated late-night confrontation at a bar earlier in the year , co-operated with the officers and was taken to the Auckland central police station .
Continued below .
Related Content Video Watch : Case of mistaken identity Your Views : Readers Letters John Drinnan : When does plain talk become hate speech ?
While at the station , police conducted another search of Jordan , before they were asked to sign an agreement to spend the night in the cells until before their court appearance the following morning .
`` I read it and it did n't even say my name at the top , it said my brother 's name .
`` I thought 'that 's weird ' . I said 'you know I 'm not him ? I 'm Jordan ' .
`` The whole time they had my ID , so they knew I was n't Thomas ... The police officer looked at me and said 'Oh , I thought this picture did n't look like you ' . ''
Jordan said several more police officers entered the room , looked at them and the file , before saying there was `` nothing under your name '' .
After about 40 minutes at the station , Jordan was offered an apology , released , and driven home .
`` It was embarrassing and stressful , and made me feel really uncomfortable ... It 's not even my fault , '' they said .
A police spokesperson confirmed to the Herald Jordan was arrested after officers believed they were Thomas .
The spokesperson said Thomas has active warrants for their arrest for wilful damage .
`` It would appear this has come about as their brother has given Jordan 's details in the past when police have dealt with him .
`` Police immediately apologised for the error and have since updated our system to reflect that their brother has used Jordan 's name in the past and to be wary of this . ''
The spokesperson said police would be alerted if Thomas ever returned to New Zealand .
When first mistaken for their brother early last year , Jordan spent four hours at Tauranga District Court for the same wilful damage charge .
The duty solicitor also mistook them for their brother .
`` [ The lawyer asked ] 'why would you spray paint a John Key sign ? And I thought 'what ? '
`` I 'm not Thomas , you know that right ? I 'm Jordan .
`` You would 've thought that after the first time they would 've changed something or put something on the file . ''
Jordan said they had n't been in contact with their brother for a `` long , long time '' after the two fell out .
Thomas , who is believed to be living in Brisbane and has been in Australia for about five years , told the Herald : `` I was arrested under my own name and processed under my own name . Other than that I have no further comments . ''
The Ministry of Justice said Thomas ' last court appearance in New Zealand for the wilful damage charge was on May 25 , 2012 .
- NZ Herald
President Donald Trump gives thumbs-up alongside members of the New England Patriots during a ceremony honoring them as 2017 Super Bowl Champions on the South Lawn of the White House on April 19 , 2017 . SAUL LOEB/Getty Images
There was already lots of speculation that NFL team owners were particularly susceptible to criticism from President Donald Trump about players who kneeled during the national anthem . Now sworn depositions are showing that Trump 's words had a direct impact on the way the NFL decided to change its rules on what players are allowed to do during the National Anthem . The Wall Street Journal obtained sworn depositions from NFL owners related to the grievance filed against the league by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kapernick , who claims they were blackballed over the anthem protests .
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said that the president personally told him , “ You ca n't win this one. ” The president said that the anthem controversy “ is a very winning , strong issue for me. ” And it is n't as if Trump wanted their views on the issue to be kept secret : “ Tell everybody , you ca n't win this one , ” the president allegedly said . “ This one lifts me . ”
Although NFL executives often publicly said they wanted to stay out of politics , Trump 's focus on the issue meant they could n't ignore the controversy . A key point came in September , when Trump said owners should say “ get that son of a bitch off the field now ” if anyone refused to stand during the anthem .
At least some owners say Trump managed to change the conversation . “ I was totally supportive of [ the players ] until Trump made their statement , ” Stephen Ross , the owner of the Miami Dolphins said . “ I thought they changed the dialogue , ” Ross added , noting that league owners would often share what Trump had told them privately about the issue .
The White House vehemently denies Trump was telling the NFL how to run its business , only expressing what they thought would be best for the country and the sport . “ The majority of the American people agree with the president , love our country , love our flag and believe it should be respected , ” an official told the Journal .
Trump 's role in the whole anthem controversy is key to Kaepernick 's grievance , which claims the NFL 's teams colluded to keep them unsigned because of their political views and their role in launching the anthem demonstrations . Kaepernick claims Trump was an “ organizing force in the collusion. ” And there was already plenty of evidence to suggest that may be the case , as Slate 's Jeremy Stahl pointed out last year . Trump 's apparently clear role in pushing the NFL toward certain decisions likely wo n't just help Kaepernick . Kaepernick 's former San Francisco 49ers teammate Eric Reid also filed a grievance with the league and Trump is also likely to be the focus in their argument that the NFL colluded against him .
Last week the NFL officially changed its rules requiring players to stand if they 're on the field during the anthem . Trump celebrated on Fox News that the owners “ did the right thing ” but they insisted that it was “ the people pushed it forward , this was not me . I brought it out . ”
0:53
Ski-lift in Georgia malfunctions , launches skiers into the air
1:48
Toys R Us is closing all of its US stores
4:27
Cherrystone , a company known for hosting stamp auctions , announced that it has recently expanded its online stamp store , Cherrystone Stamps . The company gave the website for its online stamp store as www.cherrystonestamps.com . Cherrystone indicated that its online stamp store was launched as a way to connect stamp collectors to a wide variety of stamps .
Cherrystone went on to indicate that the expansions made to the Cherrystone Stamps catalog include stamps from all over the world . Cherrystone stated that countries and regions that are strongly represented in the collection include the Unites States , the United Kingdom and British Commonwealth , Russia , China , Central and South America , France and its former colonies , Germany , the Middle East , and Africa . https : //www.facebook.com/cherrystoneauctions/
Cherrystone went on to state that its expanded stamp collection includes stamps from a variety of time periods , going back to the nineteenth century . Cherrystone shared that the items included in its expanded online stamp store represent the breadth of postal history . The company also mentioned that , among the items featured in its expanded collection , are Unites States “ first day ” covers . Cherrystone explained that the term refers to envelopes which bear stamps that were affixed on the first day of their release . Further company and philatelic information can be found at https : //goo.gl/NqJK9X
Cherrystone concluded the announcement by providing some company information . Cherrystone stated that it has long been a global leader in philatelic auctions , bringing over thirty million dollars ' worth of stamps and local history to market on an annual basis . Cherrystone also indicated that its auctions feature stamps from the United States , Asia , Germany ( including occupied Germany ) , Great Britain and the British Commonwealth , France and former colonies , Russia , and Poland . Cherrystone went on to mention that it has been selling stamps for several decades , having been founded as a retail store in 1967 . The company said that it brings over fifty years of philatelic experience to its auctions . In its closing remarks , Cherrystone stated that it is a member of all major U.S. and European philatelic societies , including the American Philatelic Society and U.S. Philatelic Classics Society . The stamp company can be followed at http : //www.brownbook.net/business/40575670/cherrystone-auctions-inc
CONTACT :
Joshua Buchsbayew
Company : Cherrystone Auctions
Address : 119 West 57t Street , Suite 316 , New York , NY 10019
Phone : ( 212 ) 977-7734
Website : https : //www.cherrystoneauctions.com/
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Yorks coffee and pizza shop in the Ikon Gallery
New restaurant Wildwood opens in New Street
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An Aldi shopper has accidentally discovered why their store brand Hula Hoops taste like the real thing .
Graeme Clapp and their wife Sarah found out that the budget supermarket 's 'Snackrite Hoops ' – which cost 99p – are made in the same place as the KP product .
The couple recently bought the Aldi product , but inside were ten bags of 'Hula Hoops ' made by KP Snacks .
Hula Hoops normally cost around £1.60 for a seven-pack of crisps .
The couple became even more suspicious about the mix up when they realised the ingredients and nutritional information on both crisp bags were almost identical , the Mirror reports .
When contacted by The Sun , KP snacks confirmed it makes both its Hula Hoops brand and SnackRite Hoops at the same factory .
A spokesperson said : `` This looks like an unfortunate error at the packaging stage which we are investigating . ''
Mr Clapp add : `` I found the whole thing very amusing , I would bet they are the same product in different packets . ''
Customers have long suspected some supermarket own-brand products are identical to their premium brand rivals .
But the food industry is notoriously secretive and rarely gets caught out .
By Iyabo Aina
Africa Business Ventures and Investment Group is finally set to hold this year 's West Africa Energy , Mining & Investment Summit .
According to the organisers , the West Africa Energy , Mining and Investment Summit will be held in Ghana from the 10th to 13th of April , 2018 .
Also , the summit is said to provide an invaluable forum for public and private sector players including high level government ministers , Chief director of ministries and Agencies , Chief executives officers , Managing Directors , foreign and local investors to convene , exchange knowledge , view opportunities & Innovations and explore new ways for achieving new national and institutional developmental targets plans and increase impact to ensure vibrant West Africa economy .
Major areas of interest for the investment sector includes the opportunities in the oil and gas ; power and energy , Infrastructural projects , Marine , wind , mining , Renewable Energy , Diamond and gold amongst other commodities .
According to the Chairman of ABVIG , Moses O.T Owharo , the 3 days Business Summit cum Trade Exhibition will feature one-full-day workshop sessions on Mining , Energy ( Power/Electricity and oil and gas ) , infrastructure , Trade , round table panel discussions , trade exhibition , executive business meetings Networking Dinners , Excellence in business Awards . WAEMTI 2018 is inviting participation of head of countries Economics heads such as H.E Prof. Yemi Osinbajo , Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and Vice President of the Republic of Ghana , President of the republic of Liberia , the secretary General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) , President of ECOWAS and various commissioners of ECOWAS and Diplomats in the Summit opening , Nigeria Federal Minister of state for Petroleum , Minister of trade and Industries Nigeria , Ghana minister of trade & Industries , Minister of Mines and Energy- Cote D'Ivore , Liberia Minister of land , Mines & Energy and other top Government Ministers , policymakers and heads of Private and Corporate Executives with Alhaji Aliko Dangote GCON , Chairman of Dangote Group of Companies , Nigeria .
Speaking further , Mr. Moses Owharo said it is time private sector take bold steps in pioneering business event that will deepen economic integration among West Africans both countries and Ecowas citizens and a platform to interact with policymakers , regulators , implementer and the Governments .
They therefore called on all hands to be on desk in promoting good development agenda that will healp in job creation for the youths and building of good institutional development and as well employ more hands in the growth of West African Economy .
They also said the need to review legal , regulatory and operational frame works and structures of the countries of West Africa is to enable other countries to know where we are coming from , where we are going , what was wrong and the next thing to do to ensure stable and economic driven nations .
Finally , the summit will be able to come up with communique recommendations which will be shared by participating states , organizations and delegates and medial Personnels and the civil society .
While the Ghana Vice President , H. E Dr. Bawumia opens the Summit alongside their counterpart H.E Prof. Yemi Osinbajo , Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , the President of the republic of Ghana will be closing the ceremony . H.E Excellency , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufor-Addo will give goodbye goodwill message to participants reminding them of the economic potential of West Africa region , Challenges and government commitment to removing trade barriers , and encouraging economic growth .
The event , will be chaired by Nigeria 's International Media Personality , Wofai Samuel .
ANN ARBOR , Mich. — Michigan 's Charles Matthews is removing their name from consideration for the NBA draft .
Matthews announced their decision Wednesday , saying he 's learned a lot through this process . They say he 'll now focus on finishing their education at Michigan and leading their teammates to more success next season . The Wolverines made it to the NCAA title game this year before losing to Villanova .
Michigan already lost big man Moe Wagner , who left early for the draft . Matthews declared for the draft without hiring an agent , but he 's now withdrawing .
The 6-foot-6 Matthews averaged 13 points a game this past season , their first with the Wolverines after transferring from Kentucky and sitting out a season . They have two seasons of college eligibility remaining .
In case you were wondering , Uranus , the planet that was the butt of many jokes when you were a kid , really does smell of farts .
Scientists have confirmed that Uranus is surrounded by noxious fart clouds , which mean Uranus really stinks .
The new study , from the University of Oxford and published in Nature Astronomy , confirms Uranus has an atmosphere made up of hydrogen sulfide , the same compound that is responsible for smells like rotten eggs and farts .
`` If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus 's clouds , they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions , '' Patrick Irwin , one of the study 's authors , said in a news release .
Advertisement
Fear not because even if you could get to Uranus , you 'd probably die before you could smell it .
`` Suffocation and exposure in the -200C atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen , helium , and methane would take its toll long before the smell , '' Irwin added .
This is the first time there is actual scientific proof of the compound that forms Uranus ' atmosphere , after decades of speculation .
To reach the conclusion , the authors examined sunlight bouncing off the planet as caputed by the eight-meter Gemini North telescope in Hawaii . The light allowed the scientists to examine the molecules in the planet 's atmosphere .
Scientists now need to invent a way for you to travel back in time and high five your younger self for making fart jokes that were both funny and , it turns out , scientifically accurate .
While the use of 3D printing technology in healthcare sector aims to make healthcare as affordable as possible for everyone , orthopedics and prosthetics have gained the spotlight among 3D printing device manufacturers . In addition to wide availability of technically advanced orthopedic prosthetics , escalating demand for custom-made orthopedic prosthetics is likely to push the growth of the global orthopedic prosthetics market in the next decade .
Although associated risks and technical complications are still creating a major roadblock in widespread adoption of orthopedic prosthetics , a new set of technological innovations holds the promise to positively influence the sales of orthopedic prosthetics in near future . One of the innovations includes 3D printed orthopedic prosthetics , which has been observed to impact the scenario for customized orthopedic prosthetic devices .
3D Printing Becomes Fast Track Technology for Tailor-made Orthopedic Prosthetics & Supports
Three-dimensional printing is identified to be a rapid way for manufacturing bespoke orthopedic supports and prosthetics , which efficiently compensate for a deformity , predominantly caused due to a lost limb or paralysis . 3D printed test sockets have already been registering a consistently positive feedback from patients , owing to the comfort , convenience , and well-fitting design . Handicap International ( Humanity & Inclusion ) , a charity , has initiated the use of 3 dimensional printing technology in the making of customized orthopedic prosthetic devices . This technology aids in faster production of devices , and thus offers wider outreach .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1443
Already having launched in developed economies , followed by significantly growing adoption , these bespoke device manufacturing technology is still in its nascent stage within developing economies , prominently due to supply-demand imbalance . A recent survey points out that a maximum of 5 % of the total 15 % patient population within emerging economies , who need a prosthetic support , brace , or limb , are currently able to get one . The charity is constantly emphasizing R & D along with clinical trials of 3D printed orthopedic prosthetics within developing countries with poor infrastructural settings . The NGO 's current program , which is gaining enormous funds , has also offered free made-to-measure 3D orthopedic prosthetic devices to hundreds of patients .
While 3D printing is being perceived as a revolutionary method for orthopedic doctors located in remote areas or conflict zones , as the scanner involved in this process is compact , portable , and convenient to use . However , high price point associated with the manufacturing of these orthopedic prosthetic devices will continue to limit adoption over the next few years .
Reimbursement Scenario Plays a Crucial Role in Pushing Adoption
Rising instances of accidental injuries and growing prevalence of arthritis , have been the key factors fueling the demand for orthopedic prosthetic devices , over the years . Increasing adoption of advanced technology and customized implantable products will also push the market for orthopedic prosthetics in next few years . Favorable reimbursement policies for orthopedic prosthetics will continue to keep the market up in developed economies . However , the market for orthopedic prosthetics within emerging economies is anticipated to thrive at a relatively moderate pace , owing to inadequate reimbursement scenario and lower awareness about the advances and availability of orthopedic prosthetic devices .
As indicated by a recently released market research intelligence report by Future Market Insights ( FMI ) , the global market value for orthopedic prosthetics will possibly cross the mark of US $ 3 billion by the end of 2028 . During the projection period 2018-2028 , the global orthopedic prosthetics market is expected to witness progressive expansion at a CAGR of 5.1 % .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1443
The prices of 3D printed orthopedic prosthetics will possibly witness a dramatic fall in near future , provided that the trials go well and prove to be successful among a considerably large patient population , already using 3D orthopedic prosthetics . It remains to be seen yet , to what extent the innovation in 3D printing will impact the existing options available in orthopedic prosthetic devices . Will growing popularity and adoption of 3D printing technology among orthopedic prosthetic device manufacturers set the global orthopedic prosthetics market at a higher momentum ?
The State must return to levels of social and affordable house-building last seen during Fianna Fáil 's last period in office a decade ago , the party 's spokesperson Barry Cowen has said .
In a number of speeches in recent weeks Mr Cowen has sought to defend their party 's record on construction , and recast Fianna Fáil as the party that can spur large-scale construction of homes . This includes the party 's controversial record during the years of the property boom in its last period of office between 1997 and 2011 .
Mr Cowen 's speeches mark a tentative embrace by Fianna Fáil of its record as it attempts to signal to voters that it is better placed than Fine Gael to solve the housing crisis .
However , it will likely lead Fine Gael to instead say that the last Fianna Fáil administrations were responsible for overheating the property market and the subsequent economic crash .
At an event for Technology Ireland – a group under the umbrella of business group Ibec – last week Mr Cowen said Fianna Fáil had built “ over a million homes ” during its time in power since it first entered government in 1932 .
“ While the world struggled with the great depression we helped to clear the slums in the 1930s with an ambitious home-building programme in what were deeply difficult economic times , ” the Offaly TD said . “ That type of vision is needed once more to give a new generation a stake in society , and enable us to reach our full economic potential . ”
Property boom
While their comparison with the era of the recent property boom was not as explicit , Mr Cowen said their party had built more social houses every year in the period between 1997 and 2009 than Fine Gael had during the lifetime of the last government between 2011 and 2016 .
“ I am deeply concerned that the current Government places no value on home-building for ordinary working people across our country . From 2011 to 2016 , Fine Gael built just 4,000 new social houses , which is fewer than what Fianna Fáil built in almost every single year from 1997 to 2009 .
“ The target of some 30,000 new build social units as part of an overall 50,000 unit targets is not enough to meet the needs of our population . ”
They said more money was needed from central government to match the rate of social house construction last seen 10 years ago .
“ Even after Budget 2018 we are still €350 million off the levels we need to reach in order to match what we achieved in 2008 . This money must be used to get back putting bricks and mortar in the ground . ”
They said a new “ home delivery agency ” was needed to drive the construction of social and affordable homes .
Agency
“ This agency should have emergency compulsory purchase powers and can sub-contract work out . It can be financed from both public and private sources , with the aim to remain off balance sheet , as is the norm across Europe . ”
Mr Cowen 's statements will also be seen as a further attempt by Fianna Fáil to create difference with Fine Gael as the confidence and supply agreement comes to an end after the next budget , due in October .
Party leader Micheál Martin told their frontbenchers earlier this year to be more assertive in their dealings with the Government .
The northern Ontario City of Timmins has awarded a $ 2.2-million primary clarifier upgrade to Pro Pipe Construction Ltd. for its Mattagami Wastewater Pollution Control Plant .
The primary clarifier was originally built in 1964 , but the existing plastic longitudinal chain and scraper system , added in 1999 , has reached its end of life , according to Public Utilities manager Steve Kukulka , who addressed city council on the predicament late last month .
“ Plastic chains were put in , and those chains were not robust enough , in the opinion of the chief operator and other staff , to keep the system going , ” Kukulka told city council during its March 27 meeting .
The tender includes the cost of the clarifier and the scum trough , rehabilitating the concrete tank , new infrared lighting , fixing up sections of the concrete floor and walls , and installing new railings and kick plates . The upgrade will also see the replacement of the existing sludge pump suction piping with a larger and more effective design , according to a city report . Also slotted is the replacement of existing dewatering valves and process piping with new ones .
Subscribe to our Newsletter ! The latest environmental engineering news direct to your inbox . You can unsubscribe at any time . First Name *
Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms .
The upgrade also includes a $ 250,000 contingency fund for such things as construction change orders , unforeseen issues , and any problems with the site conditions .
The Mattagami Wastewater Pollution Control Plant serves the communities of Timmins , Mountjoy and Schumacher . The facility employs five workers and treats approximately 20,000 cubic metres of wastewater per day , with a daily capacity of 52,500 cubic metres . Wastewater is pumped through 11 pumping stations , treated , tested and disinfected , with the effluent discharged into the Mattagami River within provincial guidelines .
According to city documents , the solids are treated anaerobically , and methane gas is produced in the digesters as a source of energy for the boilers . The sludge is hauled to landfill for proper disposal . The plant and some pumping stations are equipped with diesel generators for emergency situations .
In recent years , Timmins has also performed upgrades worth more than $ 80 million to a secondary treatment project for the Mattagami plant . The upgrades increased the plant 's treatment capacity by converting it from primary to secondary level of treatment .
Ballooning costs in 2012 for the secondary treatment upgrades made councillors hesitant to spend more on the facility . Previously , the upgrades went about $ 14 million over the projected budget . The new system provides biological treatment to reduce the amount of bacteria and phosphates in the treated wastewater discharged into the Mattagami River .
Actress and TV host Sarah Jane Dias , who has acted in movies such as Angry Indian Goddesses and web series Inside Edge say taking up challenging roles and putting yourself in uncomfortable situation is the best way to find yourself in life . In an interview to IANS , Sarah talked about being in web series and how it has helped them grow . Sarah said , `` I have read this very often and I firmly believe , the only way to grow is to put yourself in to an uncomfortable situation and challenge your fears . ''
`` When I first started doing web series , it was a completely new phase to me . My first one was 'Inside Edge ' . In a way , it was both , comfortable and uncomfortable for me . Comfortable because I was working with reputed companies and uncomfortable because it is a completely a brand-new phase for me . '' They further added .
Sarah who plays the role of a journalist in the web series Inside Edge said , `` web is now so popular , it is so widespread and the demand is so much because consumers are binge watching them .... you have the opportunity to work with a lot of new blood , a lot of new and fresh energies . You are learning not only from the people who are well experienced but also from people who are new and that 's a really nice mix for anybody , be it an actor or anybody at any job . ''
The actor is currently seen on Season 3 of Great Escape alongside musician Vishal Dadlani . The duo travel to the less explored regions of Himachal Pradesh .
I am often asked how to make the home cooking experience better and more efficient in a smaller home space . I find that keeping preparation time and the amount of small wares to a minimum helps .
Here are a few ideas to streamline your kitchen arsenal and make cooking at home stress free .
If you ca n't have your own brigade , a team of dedicated suppliers vying for your business and a state-of-the-art kitchen to spread out in , you can get close with the following 10 tools .
See you next week , when I 'll be starting a series on the Santa Barbara Saturday Fishermen 's Market .
Stick Blender , aka the “ Immersion Blender ”
Just like it sounds , this one-button wonder is about a foot long with a blade on the end . Use the stick blender for pureed soups , chopped nuts , tomato sauce , vinaigrettes and aioli — and that 's just the beginning . It 's great for silky potato puree you can use for fancy plates . Cuisinart and KitchenAid make wonderful models . Bonus modernist design points if you can find an old school Braun on eBay .
Kuhn Rikon Y-Shaped Peeler
With a Kuhn Rikon , you 'll be peeling quickly and saving time for more important activities , such as shaking up cocktails for your guests ! Often you will find them in packs of four or five at better kitchen stores . I ca n't think of a better stocking stuffer ! The Kuhn Rikon is my only choice .
Offset Spatula
You know this tool as the angled spatula commonly used by the pros to ice cakes . They make a smaller model about 4 inches long that most chefs use for flipping fish and meats , spreading goodness on our sandwiches and any other use you can dream up . It is way cooler than a butter knife and under $ 10 . It can be found in the small tool wonderland at Williams Sonoma .
MicroPlane
The MicroPlane — every chef remembers their or their first , and probably still has it . These come in all shapes and sizes . Grate cheese and nutmeg , make breadcrumbs and shave chocolate in a jiffy . The list goes on . You know where to find it . All you need to do is pick the style of your ribbons .
Spider
Need to blanch veggies and reuse the water ? Perhaps you 've cooked a few cocktail shrimp and need them out quick ? Frying tater tots ? Get a spider ! Also called a skimmer in some circles , this is a handle with a flat strainer on one end . You can find these in most kitchen stores . Some have stainless handles and others have wood . They all look good on a pot rack .
Chinois Strainer
The chinois is the backbone of professional kitchens . Wondering why your favorite restaurant has super smooth purees or how to make a fancy lobster stock without pesky particles ? They use a fine mesh strainer , for sure . Be sure to grab one with a fine mesh and handy stand . Most chefs will tell you not to force anything through by pounding away and straining the mesh — tap the side gently with a wooden spoon . It runs about $ 40 .
Vita Mix Blender
Comes in one color — black . Pop this on your counter and other cooks will be green with envy . A Vita Mix is an investment , but guaranteed this is the only blender you will ever need . Smoothies are smoooooth . Vinaigrettes emulsify as if commanded from on high . Winter farmers market got you down ? Grab a pumpkin and get busy . It runs $ 350 and up . Do it !
Heavy-Duty Scissors
A good pair of heavy-duty kitchen shears will get the job done . Shears are great for trimming herbs , breaking down chicken and cutting kitchen twine . You do have a spool of kitchen twine , right ? It 's sold with the knives at most kitchen stores . German brands like Wusthof are the best , and all metal models will last a lifetime with proper care .
Rubber Spatula
You wo n't waste a drop of your cake mix or salad dressing if you keep a few rubber spatulas handy . Couple them with a nonstick pan and you 'll have no problem turning out an omelet like the pros without scraping up the expensive surface . Grab a few .
Sheet Pans
I like what we call a “ quarter pan , ” which is about 9½ by 13 inches and fits in most home ovens . You sometimes see them marketed as “ jelly roll ” pans . You can find them online for as little as $ 5 . Sheet pans also come in nonstick , but skip that and line it with parchment paper or foil . Sheet pans are great at keeping kitchen clutter down , too , as you can stage your prep on them until you plate up your masterpiece .
— Chef Joe Hafner writes the weekly Noozhawk column Word of Mouth and can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Click here for previous columns . The opinions expressed are their own .
TORONTO
After they were denied asylum in the US , Seidu Mohammad 's fear of being deported to their native Ghana , where they believe he 'd be killed or jailed , became so great that they set out in brutal winter conditions to cross illegally into Canada .
Mohammad and their friend lost all their fingers to frostbite after a 10-hour trek across fields of waist-high snow in sub-zero temperatures . Despite their injuries , the two men say they now feel safe . They 're part of a small but growing number of immigrants risking the northern border crossing .
“ God blessed Canada with good people , ” said Mohammad , 24 . “ I see the difference between Canada and the United States . ”
In Manitoba , which borders Minnesota and North Dakota , groups that specialise in helping refugees say the pace of arrivals has quickened since Donald Trump became president and banned travel from seven majority-Muslim countries . Refugees cited Trump 's order and anti-Muslim campaign rhetoric as the main reasons for going north .
Rita Chahal , executive director of Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council , said their group normally sees 50 to 60 refugees from the US each year . But The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said that more than 40 have been picked up at the border near Emerson , Manitoba , in just the last two weekends .
Chahal said most are natives of Somalia , which was in Trump 's travel ban , but also from Ghana , Djibouti , Nigeria and Burundi . They are making the trip at a dangerous time .
“ This is one of the coldest seasons in the coldest parts of our country , ” said Ghezae Hagos , a counsellor at Welcome Place in Winnipeg , Manitoba , who deals with refugees upon arrival . They said that on Feb. 4 , five Somalis said they walked for five hours in the fields in-30 Celsius weather .
The increase at the Manitoba crossing is likely related to Minnesota 's status as the leading US landing spot for Somali immigrants .
Marc Prokosch , an immigration attorney in Minneapolis , said it 's been growing more difficult for Somalis to get asylum in recent years , mostly because they lack documents to prove their identity .
There is also fear of deportation . US Customs and Immigration Enforcement said 90 Somalis were deported from across the US on Jan. 25 .
Bashir Youssuf , a Somali refugee who spent three years in San Diego and the last two months in Minneapolis , crossed the border Feb. 5 with two others . Yussuf , 28 , was ordered deported in 2015 . They had remained in the US under monitoring , hoping to get a favourable ruling to stay .
“ But when Trump took over , eventually my hope died , ” they said .
They called the trip “ the hardest thing I 've ever done , ” describing a three-hour journey over ice and snow .
“ I even jumped two rivers over snow . You go down deep , ” they said . “ My life was in danger in many ways . ”
One third of Irish people are still paying for financial mistakes made in the past , according to a new survey . The report also calls for personal finance education to be introduced to the school curriculum as a way of avoiding this in the future .
According to a study of 1,051 people by Aviva Life Insurance , one third of respondents said they are still haunted by financial mistakes they made in years gone by , while more than a third ( 35 per cent ) said they find managing their personal finances “ confusing ” . Unsurprising perhaps , given another figure which shows that more than half of respondents ( 54 per cent ) have had no financial management education whatsoever .
Ann O'Keeffe , who leads Aviva 's retail life insurance business , said the research shows the need for people to learn more about managing their money , and the necessity of that education happening earlier .
“ There 's a strong argument to be made for personal finance to be taught in secondary schools to equip young people with the knowledge and tools they need to make the best financial decisions in their later lives . With 57 per cent of respondents saying they wished they had managed finances differently in the past and almost three quarters admitting they wished they had learned about financial management in school , it seems there would be strong public support for this change in the school curriculum . ”
Men versus women
The study also gave an insight into how gender impacts on financial management skills . The research found that Irish women are more likely to be the sole financial decision-maker in the household than men ( 35 per cent , compared to 29 per cent of men ) , while it also found that men are twice more likely than women to be motivated by the need to ensure the financial security of loved ones in the event of serious illness or worse ( 27 per cent versus 14 per cent ) .
Indeed women responding to the survey showed a general trend towards being more conservative , with the avoidance of debt a higher priority for women than it is for men ( 69 per cent versus 56 per cent ) .
“ Women tend to be more cautious than men when it comes to making financial decisions and are much less likely than men to be saddled with debt from past financial mistakes , ” Ms O'Keeffe said .
On the flip side however , women are less likely to invest in life insurance than men ( 39 per cent versus 47 per cent ) and are significantly less confident than men that their families would be taken care of financially if they passed away ( 45 per cent versus 61 per cent )
While saving for a holiday is a priority for men and women alike ( 26 per cent and 28 per cent ) , when it comes to saving for a house , men give it a greater importance ( 21 per cent versus 15 per cent ) .
Happy Vibes All Over
The unseen family picture has Saif and Bebo squeezing in to make for a happy , family portrait . Oh , we love how Saif has literally taken over the fame by lying on the newlyweds Soha and Kunal ! Too cute naa ?
When Kareena Revealed That She 's Intimated By Soha
Recently at an event , Bebo has said , `` I rarely get intimidated by people , but if there 's one person who I find intimidating , it 's Soha . I am in awe of them I am pretty nervous whenever I am dining with Saif and Soha . I feel like I am never going to understand their conversation . If Kunal ca n't follow it , there 's no way I can , but they have always been so polite . They will ask me , ‘ What 's up ? Did you buy anything ? What 's the gossip ? ' I wonder if that 's how the conversation with me is going to be like forever ( laughs ) . I feel small and vain whenever I am around her , but we 've found our way now . ''
Soha Is The Pillar Of Strength In The Family
They had further added , `` If there 's anyone in the family who we all turn to if Amma ( Sharmila ) is all worked up and fired up , it 's Soha . They are one person who can control any situation . I truly believe that they are the torchbearer of this family , they are the grounding on which all of us stand . The way they compassionately took care of their father , when they were ailing ... even I am a daughter and I do n't think I could have done what they did . That alone , in my eyes , makes them a solid woman . They are the brightest in the family . ''
Soha Too Is Charmed By Kareena In Equal Measures
Earlier while speaking to News18 , they had said , `` I think they were being very generous in saying that . I do n't think that she 's in awe of anyone and I think they are so secure and so comfortable in their own skin that they can afford to be generous like that . ''
Soha On Them Bond With Kareena
`` We have become closer , also because we 've shared so many experiences together . My getting married soon after they got married , my having a child soon after they had a child . These are things that do bring you closer together because you lean on each other for support and for advice and for help . They have really been so helpful through that . ''
SEATTLE - “ How do we minimize those risks and still let them play the sport that they love ? ”
That was the question posed by Andy Connor , whose son Patrick is an offensive lineman on the football team at Bothell High School , just outside Seattle , Washington .
“ Every time I see [ Patrick ] on the field , I 'm worried something might happen , ” Andy said . “ It 's just part of the reality of the game that they 're playing , and the risks that are involved . ”
“ I feel better with that helmet on their head , ” they said .
Connor is referring to the VICIS Zero1 helmet , ranked by the NFL the as the top-performing helmet of 2017 . It was Patrick 's Christmas gift from their parents a year ago .
“ [ Dad ] told me it was going to help prevent concussions and help prevent injuries , ” Patrick said .
The Zero1 generated a lot of buzz this past year when star players like Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson and the Chiefs ' quarterback Alex Smith not only used the helmet . But Smith and Wilson did n't just wear the helmet — they invested in it .
Eighteen out of the NFL 's 32 teams currently have at least one player wearing the helmet this season . Also part of the VICIS Coalition is former Dallas Cowboy Roger Staubach — also an investor — and former San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice .
VICIS CEO Dave Marver co-founded the company as a startup in 2013 with experts in neurosurgery and mechanical engineering from the University of Washington .
“ We thought there was an opportunity to make a difference , ” Marver said .
It has taken their team years of testing using both linear and rotational force to get to the design they 've landed on now .
What 's unique to the Zero1 , Marver says , is a multilayered approach to protection . The helmet is made with a collapsible outer shell which covers a layer of vertical columns composed of a proprietary material that compress to absorb shock from a hit .
“ This is designed to endure thousands of collisions , ” Marver says , pushing on the flexible outer shell . “ It bounces back each time , and the whole process is invisible to the naked eye . ”
The Zero1 recently came down in price , from $ 1500 down to $ 950 , which is still almost four times as much as the NFL 's number two ranked helmet , the Schutt Air XP Pro VTD II . Is the Zero1 that much safer ?
Arthur Maerlender with the Brain Injury Alliance of Nebraska and a professor in the Center for Brain , Biology and Behavior at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln said the verdict is still out . But , they added that any parent looking for fool-proof equipment to eliminate concussions in their son or daughter will be out of luck .
“ We 're not able to say , ‘ This is good , you 're never going to get a concussion with this helmet , ' ” Maerlender said . “ That 's just not going to happen . ”
Instead , Maerlender said , one of the best things parents can do is to make sure their child athletes are removed from playing and taken to see a doctor after its suspected they may have suffered a concussion .
The NFL states on its helmet ranking poster that any advantage the Zero1 had over the 13 other helmets in the `` top-performing-group '' is statistically insignificant . The independent Virginia tech STAR helmet rating system — widely considered the industry standard — has yet to test the Zero1 because it has n't been publicly available until recently .
VICIS maintains their research and design will only continue to improve and that the cost will only go down .
“ Like a lot of new technologies , it 's expensive at first , ” Marver said when asked about the cost .
For the Connor family , the high cost was n't a deterrent . Andy Connor felt that having the top-ranked helmet was a no-brainer .
“ I could n't really make the decision not to do it knowing what could happen if I did n't , '' Connor said .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — When President Donald Trump 's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea , they were sketchy on the details : Should all embassies close ? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country ? And what of Sweden , which helps with imprisoned Americans ?
Nikki Haley 's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea . Isolating the reclusive , totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan , even though Washington says it remains open to talks .
Like international economic penalties , the Trump administration believes the diplomatic isolation serves two purposes .
It 's designed to punish North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs and intercontinental missiles that potentially could deliver nuclear warheads anywhere in the United States . U.S. officials also contend that freezing out North Korea could drive Kim 's government to seek negotiations .
Advertisement
`` We do know they care a lot about their international reputation , '' said Mark Tokola , a former No . 2 at the U.S. Embassy in South Korea .
Trump 's team has chalked up some successes in narrowing the North 's diplomatic reach . Mexico , Peru , Italy , Spain , and Kuwait have expelled North Korean ambassadors from their countries . Haley said Portugal and the United Arab Emirates have suspended diplomatic relations . Others have cut trade and security ties .
But North Korea is n't and wo n't be completely isolated .
Last month , China , whose once-close relationship with North Korea has been strained by its adoption of tough U.N. sanctions , sent its highest level envoy to Pyongyang in two years . North Korea also recently welcomed a Russian parliamentary delegation , in a sign of increasing contacts between the former Cold War partners . And the North just hosted the most senior U.N. official to visit in years : Jeffrey Feltman , the undersecretary-general for political affairs .
Even before they departed , experts played down expectations that Feltman , formerly a senior American diplomat , could offer a breakthrough as the standoff over the North 's nuclear weapons threatens to spiral into war . Feltman carried no message from Washington , State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said .
Yet Feltman 's visit , which included an audience with Kim 's foreign minister , added to questions about how effectively the U.S. can isolate North Korea . Feltman left Pyongyang on Saturday after four days of talks with the North Korean Foreign Ministry . `` I have to brief the secretary-general first , '' they said when asked for details of their trip .
Also unresolved is whether Trump and their top advisers have a game plan for the second half of a strategy they 've called `` maximum pressure and engagement . '' If North Korea signals a willingness to negotiate , now that Kim has declared that they have `` realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force , '' how will the U.S. respond ?
`` This is probably as good a time as any to try to pivot to engagement , '' said Suzanne DiMaggio at the New America think tank , who has been involved in several rounds of unofficial talks with North Korean officials . They said the administration has focused almost completely on pressure .
Kim 's declaration followed North Korea 's test last month of its most powerful intercontinental missile yet , which led Haley , at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting , to speak of a world `` closer to war . '' At the same time , they pushed for others to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang .
U.S. officials say doing so would stop North Korea from abusing diplomatic privileges that allow it to raise revenues or conduct illegal business in support of its nuclear and missile programs . It 's also intended to exploit North Korean sensitivity to its international standing .
But the U.S. has given mixed messages on what form concretely the isolation should take .
Haley called on all governments to sever ties . Other U.S. officials say the emphasis is on getting North Korean diplomats expelled from overseas postings , not on closing foreign embassies in Pyongyang . To date , no embassies have shut down in the North Korean capital as a result of the U.S. campaign .
According to research by the Washington-based East-West Center and the National Committee on North Korea , North Korea maintains diplomatic relations with 167 countries . It has embassies in 47 foreign capitals . Twenty-four countries have embassies in Pyongyang , and those include American rivals and friends .
`` If the U.S. is really serious about depriving North Korea of diplomatic relations , it must start with its own closest ally , Great Britain , '' said Artyom Lukin , a North Korea expert at Far Eastern Federal University in Vladivostok , Russia .
Since the U.S. has no diplomatic presence of its own in North Korea — the two sides remain technically in a state of war — it relies to some extent on Britain , Germany and other partners to stay abreast of what 's happening there . Most critically , it needs Sweden , its protecting power , to assist three currently detained Americans in North Korea , on the rare occasions when Kim 's government allows consular access .
Any isolation campaign will have only marginal diplomatic and economic effect without the participation of North Korea 's most powerful partners , China and Russia . Both support more dialogue with the North , not more diplomatic sanctions .
Even if only smaller countries follow America 's advice , the U.S. could lose potential go-betweens , such as Vietnam and Mongolia , which have constructive relations with the U.S. and North Korea .
`` If they left , I would be worried I was losing a source of information and a more neutral voice that the North Koreans might actually listen to , '' said Frank Jannuzi , a former Senate staff specialist on Asia .
___
Online :
State Department on North Korea : https : //www.state.gov/p/eap/ci/kn/
Southborough Library to host ‘ We Honor Veterans ' program
By Ed Karvoski Jr. , Contributing Writer
Southborough – Three evening sessions of a program known as We Honor Veterans will be presented this summer at the Southborough Library . This program of the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization and Veterans Administration is designed to meet the unique needs of terminally-ill military veterans .
Men and women who have served in the military during any era including peacetime , as well as veterans ' family members and caregivers are welcomed to attend . Also invited are veterans seeking volunteer opportunities .
The first session , scheduled for Thursday , June 22 , at 7 to 8:30 p.m. , will focus on the value of veteran hospice patients interacting with veteran volunteers . Facilitating each session will be the Rev . Donna Vuilleumier , spiritual counselor and bereavement coordinator for Kindred Hospice in Marlborough .
“ Regardless of the branch or era in which they served in the military , there 's a common language and bond , ” they said . “ Stoicism comes from the military , which all veterans understand . It can also be a hurdle toward the end of life because all of a sudden you are having to accept help and support . Another veteran can help them because they also understand that stoicism . ”
Veterans interested in meeting with a veteran in hospice care are trained by the agency 's manager of volunteer services . Visits to veteran hospice patients are made at residences , nursing homes and assisted living facilities .
“ Volunteers are trained how to handle situations and learn what it 's like to visit with someone toward the end of their life , ” Vuilleumier explained . “ The unique layer is that the veteran who is volunteering with a hospice patient is coming in with the same experience . They already speak so much of the same language . ”
The second session , titled Veterans ' Issues at the End of Life , ” will take place Thursday , July 13 , 7 to 8:30 p.m .
“ Where people served and what era makes a difference as to how the end of their life can be , ”
Vuilleumier said . “ We 've had people over the years who were at Pearl Harbor , who were part of the first troops to discover that the concentration camps were not just a rumor ; they were a fact . Then they come home and there 's a tickertape parade . They ca n't talk about what they 've seen . They put it in mental box and it stays there . ”
Kindred Hospice cares for patients age 21 and over . Their patients served during eras up to the Vietnam War , Vuilleumier noted .
“ I recently did a service for a Vietnam veteran , ” they relayed . “ Some people there said that it was the first time they had ever been thanked for their service . They had to hide that they were a Vietnam veteran . ”
Vuilleumier emphasized that people who served during peacetime should receive the same attention as veterans of conflicts .
“ They were on guard , waiting and looking at all times for something to happen , ” they said . “ That had its own stresses . ”
At the third session , Thursday , Aug. 24 , 7 to 8:30 p.m. , the DVD “ Wounded Warrior : Their Last Battle ” will be screened followed by a discussion . It will be an opportunity for veterans to candidly discuss their experiences while serving .
“ They have seen some gruesome things and may not have always been able to speak about it , ” Vuilleumier said . “ They need to make peace with it at the end of their life . ”
The Southborough Library is located at 25 Main St .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
This is the most open and honest SZA has ever been .
CTRL is about romance , sex , navigating your 20s , self-respect , admissions of guilt or lack thereof , how to love and be in love .
SZA sings openly about their shortcomings and insecurities , how they get `` so lonely I forget what I 'm worth '' , and how `` I wish I was comfortable just with myself / But I need you '' .
They talk about love in terms like , `` I wan na shave my legs for you '' and about sex in a way we 're usually used to hearing only men rap about it .
Advertisement
SZA 's mother appears on interludes throughout , speaking about their need for control , even if it is an illusion , `` because the alternative is an abyss '' .
And that 's exactly what CTRL is . That darkness where nothing makes sense and SZA has no answers .
It 's where Kendrick Lamar features on a feminist song `` dedicated to vaginas '' .
It 's where R & B beats and heavy bass come up against crashing symbols , 80s and folk guitar , pop synths , and rap swagger . Where SZA 's vocals go from raspy soul to smooth R & B and straight pop and their emotive voice breaks speak volumes .
And it 's one hell of a rabbit hole to go down .
SZA , CTRL
×
Artist :
SZA
Album :
CTRL
Label :
Top Dawg Entertainment
Verdict :
A brutally honest , sonically rich leap down the rabbit hole .
During the best time of the year , namely the holidays , one can book many holiday residencies on the island of Majorca . A big trend are the many beautiful private villas throughout the island , which come in all shapes and sizes . The holidaymaker can choose between villas for 4 people and villas with capacities ranging up to 24 guests . Everyone will find their suitable holiday home at www.majorca-villarentals.com ( https : //www.majorca-villarentals.com ) . You may rent a villa with your family or with a group of friends . The properties can be found in all regions of the island . The more traditional , finca-style villas always feature large plots of land and no direct neighbours . Quietness and regeneration are guaranteed here . Country-or farmhouses with typically rustic , local styling are available to rent in large numbers , as are rural villas with a more modern design language . All of them feature a large garden and a private pool . Further amenities of course vary , which means there are properties with premium features or sea views . Partly , the villas feature air conditioning and much more . The features , location and a sea view define the price of the property . Prices increase in line with the standard of quality and the popularity of the villa ” s location .
Such holiday homes can be found throughout the entire island , and usually lie near well-known coastal resorts such as Cala D ” Or , Cala Ratjada , Alcudia or Pollensa , but can also be rented closer to the mountains toward Estelles or Soller . However , many guests prefer the island centre and stay in villas near to Inca , Petra or Manacor . The regions to the south of the island around the towns of Llucmajor and Campos are also worth mentioning . Holiday homes and villas are available all over the island . The website www.majorca-villarentals.com/mallorca-fincas/ ( https : //www.majorca-villarentals.com/mallorca-fincas/ ) offers the most beautiful holiday properties . The holidaymaker decides whether they or they prefer the south , east , west or northern part of Majorca . The island is extremely versatile and offers the right region for each and every holidaymaker .
A traditional villa or farmhouse is always located far from mass tourism , and certainly not within the regions of high-rise hotels and large towns with much bustle . A country house lies – as the name would suggest – out in the countryside or near a small village . This provides the guest with much quiet , a large garden and usually with a nice and large private swimming pool . Should the holidaymaker then feel the need to experience something different , they or they can easily drive to the nearest town or beach and return to their peaceful oasis when the day is done . This gives guests plenty of options to shape their personal holiday in whatever way they desire . The internet site www.majorca-villarentals.com/luxury-villas lets holidaymakers find exclusive luxury villas and holiday homes . Everyday can be a different day , or you can simply enjoy your private villa and let time pass by as you cherish the peace and quiet .
Those who do not want to miss out on a hotel service experience can book into a romantic country hotel . There are numerous small and very pretty “ agroturismos ” in different region of Majorca . Almost everything is possible in Majorca from small and rustic villa hotels to the more luxurious and larger country hotels . The website www.majorca-villarentals.com offers elegant villa hotels and holiday homes . The only place you won ” t find a country hotel is right at the beach . They are always located rurally and far away from tourism . Majorca is a dream island in the Mediterranean Sea and offers many different holiday properties for every taste and every wallet . Have a great holiday !
Chief Executive of Cambridge Analytica Alexander Nix , giving evidence to Commons Digital , Culture Media and Sport Committee inquiry into fake news at Portcullis House in London in February .
The chair of the commons culture committee , Damian Collins , tweeted that last night the Information Commissioner had told Facebook 's auditors and lawyers to leave Cambridge Analytica 's offices .
`` I 'm not accepting their response so therefore I 'll be applying to the court for a warrant , '' Denham told Channel 4 News .
Elizabeth Denham had given the firm until Monday evening to respond to a list of questions , as Channel 4 News published undercover footage showing the company 's CEO , Alexander Nix bragging about how it could use honeytraps and blackmail to discredit its clients ' political opponents .
The UK 's information commissioner will go to court on Tuesday to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica , the British company accused of harvesting the private Facebook data of some 50 million Facebook users in order to influence the 2016 US presidential election .
Facebook have confirmed that auditors and legal counsel acting on behalf of the company were in the offices of Cambridge Analytica this evening until they were told to stand down by the Information Commissioner . These investigations need to be undertaken by the proper authorities
An Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) spokesperson confirmed to the Guardian that Facebook had agreed to stop its search at the commissioner 's request , since `` such a search would potentially compromise a regulatory investigation . ''
Denham said they specifically wanted to know how the company `` processed or deleted '' data .
The European Union has already said it would launch its own investigation into the affair . Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica on Sunday , after The Observer and New York Times newspapers revealed that 50 million users ' data had been harvested using personality tests .
Liam Byrne , Labour 's shadow digital minister , told the Today programme on Tuesday that the rules surrounding the handling digital data , and the laws for its misuse , needed to be tightening .
`` The information commissioner is now a really important sheriff responsible for policing this new wild west and it 's clear the commissioner does n't have the powers of a digital search warrant that they can apply for quickly and quietly in order to find out what 's been going on .
`` The fact the information commissioner has told the world they are going to court has given Cambridge Analytica and potentially others all sorts of head starts in disguising and hiding data and information and records that might be needed for the investigation . ''
They added that they were worried about the potential for such digital data manipulation to be done in partnership with a malign foreign power .
`` The crimes that Cambridge Analytica stand accused of are incredibly serious . We 're worried because there 's a real risk now of an unholy alliance between bad companies and bad countries , '' they said .
`` There 's a risk that companies like Cambridge Analytica are misusing data in order to target in a way that 's inappropriate , that can swing elections , like in the American election and potentially even the Brexit referenda . ''
Dominic Grieve , a Conservative MP and former attorney general , also told Today that tougher sanctions were needed for data offences .
`` As one looks at the the sheer extent of what 's going and the sort of allegations that are being made , I do think we need to give some very serious thought to raising the penalties in respect of this , particularly for the individuals involved .
Nix told Newsnight on Monday that the allegations against the company were `` extremely unfair '' .
`` We see this as a coordinated attack by the media that 's been going on for many many months in order to damage the company that had some involvement with the election of Donald Trump , '' they said .
Anne Lucey
Fine weather is drawing high numbers of walkers to the Kerry mountains , but the volume of human waste being generated is leading to concern .
The lack of toilet facilities to cater for hundreds of walkers each day now on the highest peaks of the MacGillycuddy Reeks , and on other popular hills , will have to be addressed , the spokesperson for a forum to protect and sustainably manage the reeks has said .
Patricia Deane , rural recreation officer with South Kerry Development Partnership , said excrement , and litter such as tea bags , on Ireland 's highest peak , Carrauntoohil , has become a major challenge .
“ People going to the toilet on the mountain is a year round issue and one of the big issues facing us on Carrauntoohil , ” Ms Deane said .
The fine weather is bringing around 500 walkers each day , through the three main access points and onto Strickeen near the Gap of Dunloe .
Over the years , one of the access routes , Cronin 's Yard , has developed facilities at the entrance . But there is a shortage of facilities and people are going to the toilet on the mountains .
The Reeks Forum – made up of landowners and community stakeholders — is meeting shortly to discuss the issue , Ms Deane said .
Meanwhile , waste left this week after campers in the fragile tombola that makes up one of the country 's longest sandy beaches , the rare ecosystem of the Maharees in Brandon Bay , has shocked locals .
Maram grass
The Maharees Conservation Association , formed to protect the area from erosion , has spent days cleaning up after 30 or so people in tents who camped near a bridge and used the sand for toilet facilities . Heaps of bottles and rubbish were also collected .
There were just two campsites and people staying in the campsites helped with the cleanup .
Martha Farrell secretary of the association said they welcomed visitors to the wonderful area , but appealed to them “ if you are able to bring it to the beach , bring it home ” .
They were asking people to stick to the established paths through the dunes – walking on maram grass holding the dunes in place killed it .
And where possible , people should camp in the campsites , not the dunes , ” they appealed .
Extra toilet facilities were needed , but this was not straightforward because the Maharees was an area of conservation , and the dunes were privately owned commonage .
Separately , local councillor for the area Michael O'Shea has called on the OPW and the National Parks and Wildlife Service and Kerry County Council to police areas of conservation such as the Maharees and to stop large groups threatening tourist gems .
Public toilet facilities were needed on the Blasket as well as Skellig Michael . Car parks and traffic management was also needed around the Dingle peninsula .
The county was attracting more and more tourists but was “ starved of facilities ” , including toilet and parking areas to cope with the increase tourist numbers , they said .
BEIJING ( AP ) `` The International Monetary Fund urged China on Monday to speed up reforms meant to slow surging growth of debt that is fueling concern about the stability of its financial system .
The announcement adds to mounting warnings China 's rapid run-up in debt due to reliance on lending to counter the 2008 financial crisis could drag on the economy or threaten the state-owned banking system . The Moody 's ratings agency cut China 's credit rating on May 25 , citing the risks from rising debt loads .
Chinese leaders have begun to take action but need to move faster , said David Lipton , the IMF 's chief deputy managing director . They spoke after meetings with finance , economic planning and central bank officials .
`` Reform progress needs to accelerate to secure medium-term stability and address the risk that the current trajectory of the economy could eventually lead to sharp adjustment , '' said Lipton at a news conference .
Advertisement
Communist leaders have promised repeatedly to reduce reliance on debt and make China 's state-dominated economy more market-oriented , but private sector analysts say they are moving too slowly .
The IMF expects China 's economy to grow by 6.7 percent this year and to average 6.4 percent annually in 2018-2020 , Lipton said .
Lipton urged Beijing to move faster in carrying out promised reforms aimed at making the state-dominated economy more productive by giving market forces a bigger role and nurturing growth based on consumption instead of trade and investment . They said that should start while growth is relatively strong and can help to ease the transition .
Estimates of China 's total nongovernment debt have risen from the equivalent of 170 percent of annual economic output in 2007 to 260 percent as of last year , unusually high for a developing country .
Regulators say reducing financial risk is a priority this year . They have launched initiatives to reduce debts owed by state companies , including by allowing banks to accept stock to repay loans , but reform advocates say they need to move faster .
The rapid expansion and increased complexity of Chinese financial industries `` has become a risk , '' said Lipton . They noted regulators have begun taking action to slow that growth and improve oversight .
Lipton acknowledged reining in credit growth might affect the economy , but said , `` if there is some sacrifice in growth , it will be well worthwhile in avoiding risks of interruption of growth in the future . ''
Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , on Tuesday will hold a news conference with Santa Barbara Unified School District officials , teachers and parents to talk about the importance of passing President Barack Obama 's American Jobs Act to create jobs by fixing schools on the Central Coast .
If enacted , Capps said in a statement , the American Jobs Act would provide California with approximately $ 2.8 billion to fund school infrastructure projects throughout the state , creating nearly 37,000 jobs and updating our schools to meet 21st century needs . The legislation would also provide approximately $ 3.6 billion to support teacher and first-responder jobs in California that have been threatened by ongoing state and local budget crunches , they said .
“ Ensuring every child has access to a first-rate education is critically important for the future of our kids and our country , ” Capps said . “ That means not only making sure we have high-quality teachers in our classrooms , but also that our students have the resources and state-of-the-art classrooms they need to learn .
“ Passing the American Jobs Act addresses this challenge and at the same time creates jobs rebuilding and modernizing our schools here on the Central Coast . We should pass it now . ”
According to the Santa Barbara Unified School District , school construction projects worth an estimated $ 24 million are still in need of funding . These projects include classroom replacement and library construction at Adams School , classroom replacement at La Colina Junior High School and a new green academy building at Santa Barbara High School .
Capps will host the news conference at 11 a.m. Tuesday at Adams School , 2701 Las Positas Road .
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara .
The opening of a new archive at Maynooth University will safeguard thousands of hours of film documenting Ireland 's past from potential decay and allow the Irish Film Institute ( IFI ) to open its doors to more amateur collections .
The new moving image preservation facility at the university is the largest facility of its kind in Ireland and triples the IFI 's storage capacity .
“ The new space means we can preserve more of our collective heritage , ” the IFI 's head of film archive Kasandra O'Connell said .
“ In recent times we simply have n't had the space to properly store all of the potential material out there . I have been in the IFI for 18 years and it was nearly at full capacity when I started and we have been fundraising for a long time to get this space . ”
The new facility contains 120sq m of climate-controlled vault space . This will house part of the IFI 's collection of 30,000 cans of film dating from 1897 . Films from directors including John Huston , Neil Jordan , Jim Sheridan and Lenny Abrahamson will be stored alongside a large number of amateur films .
Among the films in the IFI archive is footage shot in 1939 on the Aran Islands by painter Sean Keating .
“ You can see what a fantastic eye they had . Not only are these a great record of the islands in the 1930s , they are beautiful images , ” Ms O'Connell said . “ They are the earliest colour moving images we have of the Aran Islands and some of the earliest colour films we have at all , and it is particularly unusual for an amateur filmmaker . ”
They said Ireland “ did not have a proper archiving system for a long time because we did n't have a huge indigenous film production industry so it was n't high on the agenda .
They said the reason amateur film is so important is because it is sometimes the only record we have of how Ireland was .
“ From the 1890s until the 1960s , all there really was in Ireland was amateur footage and the fact that we can start taking material in again is great news . ”
To ensure optimum storage conditions , the temperature in the vault will be lowered to 4 degrees while the relative humidity will be maintained at 35 per cent . The research and preservation space will contain viewing and winder facilities for all film formats including 8millimetres , Super 8mm , 16mm , 35mm film , and will contain 16mm and 35mm Steenbeck flatbed editing tables .
Maynooth University and the IFI have also initiated a new academic partnership that uses the archive as a teaching and research resource .
Students in the university 's Master 's in Critical and Creative Media course can take a module in Media Archives that will be co-taught by Ms O'Connell and Maynooth 's Dr Denis Condon and Prof Maria Pramaggiore .
Last week , the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that could have been infected with disruptive malware , allegedly by sophisticated state-backed Russian hackers . An estimated half million routers and network-attached storage devices have been infected .
But even the FBI acknowledges this step will only `` temporarily disrupt '' the malware . Here are some questions and answers about the situation :
Q : How can I tell if my router is infected ?
A : Short answer : You probably ca n't . Routers are n't very consumer-friendly , and most people lack the ability to get deep enough inside the device to tell if it 's infected .
Advertisement
Q : If my router was infected and I reboot , is it safe ?
A : No . Turning an infected router off and on again only removes some of the malware — such as elements that could snoop on your internet activity or even overwrite the basic code on your router , thus `` bricking '' it ( that is , turning it into an inoperable brick ) . The core infection persists on reboot and there 's no simple way to delete it .
The good news is that last week , the FBI seized of the command-and-control server that sends instructions to the infected routers , disrupting the zombie network that could be used to mount a crippling internet-based attack . The bad news is that the persistent malware is in listening mode , awaiting instructions . `` So all the cards are still on the table , '' said Craig Williams of Cisco 's Talos cyberthreat intelligence team , which identified the operation it calls VPNFilter .
Q : Why ca n't I completely remove the malware from my router ?
A : For starters , routers are difficult for ordinary users to fiddle with . They have publicly known vulnerabilities that are n't easy for average users to patch and typically are n't equipped with anti-virus software packages or intrusion protection systems . That said , if you can update your router 's `` firmware '' to the latest version — something you can often do via the router 's phone app or web interface — you should . It may not fix the problem , but it wo n't hurt and may help .
Q : Which devices are affected and where can I learn more ?
A : Cisco identified these companies as makers of affected devices : Linksys , Mikrotik , Netgear , TP-Link and QNAP . It said most of the infected routers are in Ukraine . You can find more details from Talos and the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team . The FBI says it has nothing new to report beyond the announcement it put out Friday .
___
Links :
FBI announcement : https : //www.ic3.gov/media/2018/180525.aspx
Talos blog : https : //blog.talosintelligence.com/2018/05/VPNFilter.html
U.S. CERT release : https : //www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA18-145A
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:48 Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time Pause 0:28 Soar over Talley Farms ' Arroyo Grande fields 2:01 What does ‘ home ' mean in Arroyo Grande ? AGHS grads ' play tells the story 1:56 How Peoples ' Self-Help Housing and 'sweat equity ' helped this mother of 2 build and own their own home 0:53 Tebow greets autistic boy during at-bat , then this happened 1:09 With 'Stuff the Bus , ' United Way helps kids prepare for a new school year in SLO County 0:17 Firefighters work to free 2 people trapped in car that plunged over cliff , into creek 0:14 Man caught on camera prowling outside San Luis Obispo home 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville , Va. 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville , Va. , devolve into a chaotic day of violence Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email A San Luis Obispo-based company has developed an automated and open-sourced farming machine , the FarmBot . Cal Poly graduate Rory Aronson describes their invention as a “ giant 3-D printer , but instead of wielding a plastic extruder , its tools are seed injectors , watering nozzles , plows , sensors and more. ” Take a look at how the FarmBot works . Joe Johnston The Tribune
A San Luis Obispo-based company has developed an automated and open-sourced farming machine , the FarmBot . Cal Poly graduate Rory Aronson describes their invention as a “ giant 3-D printer , but instead of wielding a plastic extruder , its tools are seed injectors , watering nozzles , plows , sensors and more. ” Take a look at how the FarmBot works . Joe Johnston The Tribune
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Advanced plans for a $ 40 million national cricket ground at Western Springs in Auckland are in serious doubt after Mayor Phil Goff signalled funding for the project is unlikely .
The Herald has obtained images of the cricket ground showing a four-level stadium , floodlights and different configurations for cricket , rugby , athletics and AFL matches .
The images are part of a draft `` commercial in confidence '' process to find a builder after a tender went out in January for architectural designs to transform the venue .
We have elected to hunker down and stay here SHARE THIS QUOTE :
The project is planned by Regional Facilities Auckland , which wants to move speedway to Waikaraka Park in Onehunga and repurpose Western Springs into a test cricket oval with more sports , concerts and festivals .
Advertisement
Goff told the Herald a world-class cricket stadium would be a great asset for Auckland , `` but it is not a priority '' for the cash-strapped council .
`` Unprecedented population growth has placed significant pressure on our city and we must prioritise our spending to provide infrastructure needed for transport , housing and a clean environment , '' they said .
Regional Facilities chief executive Chris Brooks said the council body had $ 12m for the project and is seeking a further $ 27m from the council 's new 10-year budget .
A mayoral source said : `` Asking for that sort of money is not a good idea . I would be incredibly surprised if they get that . ''
What 's more , in a `` Letter of Expectation '' to Regional Facilities chairperson Sir Don McKinnon in January , Goff said the council body could continue to develop a stadium strategy , but there should be no significant changes to stadiums until the future of Eden Park and a national stadium proposal in Auckland is clearer .
Proposed image of the National Cricket Ground at Western Springs in Auckland .
Moving speedway to Onehunga and building a national cricket ground is part of Auckland 's ongoing stadium jigsaw that began in 2012 and come unstuck at every turn .
The original plan was to move the Warriors to Eden Park , which would become the home all of big rugby , league and soccer matches . A subsequent attempt to move the Warriors to QBE Stadium in Albany antagonised the league club , who successfully fought to stay at Mt Smart .
Now it is the turn of speedway , which is fighting an attempt by Regional Facilities to move its from its home of 89 years at Western Springs to Waikaraka Park .
`` We have elected to hunker down and stay where we are , '' said Speedway promoter Greg Mosen , who acknowledges Regional Facilities Auckland `` have a right to kick us out '' when a venue hire agreement ends next year .
Speedway has hired the public relations firm Sherson Willis to lobby councillors . Mosen is confident of `` resounding support '' to leave Western Springs alone and rethink the stadium strategy .
Aerial picture - Western Springs speedway track , Auckland .
Regional Facilities has told Speedway its lease at Western Springs will end next summer . The motorsport has known since 2012 that it would have to move .
Brooks said the idea to move to Waikaraka Park came from speedway and it had been working with it and stock cars to upgrade the park at a cost of $ 10m paid by Regional Facilities .
`` The real benefit for the sport is the opportunity to run 35 events a year , compared to what they currently have at Western Springs , and the opportunity of the sport to grow , '' they said .
Speedway is restricted to 12 race nights and two practice sessions per year at Western Springs .
Western Springs is an important recreation space for Auckland , Regional Facilities director of the venue development strategy Paul Nisbet said .
It was zoned as a major recreation facility , not a motorsport precinct , in the Auckland Unitary Plan in 2015 , they said .
Speedway racing at Western Springs .
`` Waikaraka Park will become home for motorsport and Western Springs will be freed up to meet the increased demands from a rapidly growing population for sports , recreation and entertainment opportunities . That 's a very good outcome for the city , '' Nisbet said .
Mosen said speedway had been at Western Springs for nearly 90 years and attracted 102,000 fans over the most recent summer season , half of whom attend every event .
Western Springs is family friendly , priced well and everyone is having a good time , they said .
READ MORE
• Paul Nisbet : Sun is about to set on speedway at Springs
• Comment : Speedway must remain at Western Springs
• Cricket : Western Springs Stadium takes its next test step
The question over where to play cricket tests in Auckland has plagued the city 's sporting landscape for years .
New Zealand Cricket is currently committed to Eden Park , where the country 's inaugural day-night test against England was held last month .
Auckland Cricket prefers to stick with the status quo where , as an original owner of the Eden Park site , it has a number of guarantees .
Authorities say a man went to a New Haven , Connecticut home to meet their date and was robbed by two suspects . Google Maps
On Friday the Senate passed Joint Memorial 3 , which would form a committee to study any changes the state would need to make in order to allow for the sale and operation of self-driving cars , while also ensuring their safety on the roads .
The joint memorial 's sponsor , Republic State Sen. Jim White , said they believe autonomous cars will make New Mexico 's streets safer , citing data that states 94 percent of crashes are caused by human error .
ISLAMABAD ( AP ) — Pakistan 's army says militants opened fire on an army vehicle on patrol in the country 's mountainous northwestern region near the Afghan border , killing two soldiers .
Tuesday 's statement says the military vehicle came under attack in the North Waziristan tribal region . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack , but Islamic militants have long been operating in the area .
The military has carried out massive operation against them but militants are able to cross the porous Afghan-Pakistan border and shelter on the other side . They have also been able to carry out cross-border attacks .
The Pakistani army has been constructing a series of fences along the border , which zigzags across a remote and difficult mountain terrain , to check the movement of militants .
Advertisement
Afghanistan objects to the construction of the fences .
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are Pure Technologies Ltd. , Ameron International Corporation , Csawwa , WaterRF , Hume Pipe , Phoenix , Phoenix , Xinjiang Guotong Pipeline , Shandong Longquan Pipeline Engineering , Ningxia Qinglong Pipes Industry , SEPPEC , Beijing Hanjian Heshan Pipeline , Jilin Electric Power Pipeline Engineering Corporation , Chengdu Jinwei Pipe , Wuxi Huayi Pipe Manufacturing . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-prestressed-concrete-cylinder-pipe-market/10351/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Outer Steel Cylinder/Lined Cylinder Pipe ( LCP ) , Embedded Steel Cylinder/Embedded Cylinder Pipe ( ECP ) .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Water Transmission & Distribution , Subaqueous Pipelines , Cooling Water System , Others .
Key Highlights Of The Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-prestressed-concrete-cylinder-pipe-market/10351/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new 'garden village ' is to be built in Warwickshire as part of an initiative which will deliver more than 48,000 new houses across the country .
Long Marston , in Stratford , is one of 14 of the new so-called garden villages which has been handed government backing along with three new garden towns .
These projects are the first ever garden villages and contain between 1,500 and 10,000 homes , with access to a £6 million fund over the next two years to support their delivery .
This money will be used to unlock the full capacity of sites , providing funding for additional resources and expertise to accelerate development and avoid delays , according to the Government .
These developments will be new places with their own community facilities , rather than extensions to existing urban areas .
Housing and planning minister Gavin Barwell said : `` Locally led garden towns and villages have enormous potential to deliver the homes that communities need .
`` New communities not only deliver homes , they also bring new jobs and facilities and a big boost to local economies . These places combined could provide almost 200,000 homes . ''
In addition to funding , the Government will provide support in terms of expertise , brokerage and offer of new planning freedoms .
By 2020 , more than 25,000 housing starts are expected in garden villages , towns and cities .
The new garden projects will also have access to infrastructure funding programmes .
The trio of new garden towns are in Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire , Taunton in Somerset and Harlow and Gilston , on the Essex and Hertfordshire border .
The other new villages are in Oxfordshire Cotswold in west Oxfordshire , Deenethorpe in east Northamptonshire , Culm in Mid Devon , Welborne near Fareham in Hampshire , West Carclaze in Cornwall , Dunton Hills near Brentwood , Spitalgate Heath in South Kesteven District , Lincolnshire , Halsnead in Knowsley , Longcross in Runnymede and Surrey Heath , Bailrigg in Lancaster , Infinity Garden Village in south Derbyshire , St Cuthberts near Carlisle and North Cheshire .
Combined with seven garden towns and cities already announced , the initiative has the potential to deliver 200,000 properties , the Government said .
MEDIA RELEASE
This is an Emergency Water Restriction Notice for North Kona District customers for Monday August 14 at 2:30 p.m .
The Department of Water Supply reports Honokohau Deepwell located in North Kona is now out of service . Due to the loss of this pump , North Kona customers in the area from Keauhou to Keahole and Honalo to Makalei must restrict water use to health and safety needs only . This means use water for drinking , cooking , and hygiene purposes only . Cease all other water use including all irrigation and washing of vehicle and boats .
Conserve water by flushing toilets less often and taking shorter showers .
We also recommend that residents store a sufficient amount of water ( 5-10 ) gallons for basic household needs , such as flushing toilets , hygiene and consumption in the event of service disruption .
Until further notice , the Department of Water Supply is suspending temporary service accounts and irrigation accounts in North Kona .
Department of Water Supply will be monitoring water usage and wasteful water use will be subject to further water restrictions and possible water shut off .
In order to help meet general customer demand , Water Supply has established Public Potable Water Distribution Stations at the following locations :
Ane Keohokalole Hwy . between Kealakehe Parkway and Kealakehe High School
Hina Lani between Anini St. and Manu Mele St .
For after hours emergencies , or to report any observed wasteful use of water call the DWS at 961-8790 . During normal business hours , call 961-8060 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Carbonyl Nickel Powder Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ” . The Report Covers Industry Trends , Statistic , Segmentation , Growth , Market Share , Revenue , Leading Players , Region , Types and Application .
Download Free Sample report @ https : //www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143383/request-sample
Carbonyl Nickel Powder market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits . The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market .
The report includes the forecasts , analysis and discussion of important industry trends , market size , market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players .
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research , the report Global Carbonyl Nickel Powder Industry delivers valuable market insights . The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts . The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Carbonyl Nickel Powder industry .
The reports include market drivers , restraints , challenges , opportunities , investment potential , leading technologies , future roadmap , player profile , regulatory ecosystem , and strategies . The report also delivers market size forecasts for Carbonyl Nickel Powder Industry . The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Carbonyl Nickel Powder market . This report comes with several charts , graphs , and graphics to make it an interesting read .
Access full report @ https : //www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-carbonyl-nickel-powder-market-professional-survey-report-143383.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis , application segment analysis and regional segment analysis . Geographically , the global Carbonyl Nickel Powder market is designed for the following regional markets :
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Carbonyl Nickel Powder market in the USA , Europe , Japan , China , India and South East Asia .
This report includes industry definitions and types , regions , Carbonyl Nickel Powder industry analysis like industry revenue , growth rate and price analysis , market share by players and regions , supply chain analysis , various company profiles , globalization and trade inclusive of business locations , supply channels , marketing strategy and barriers to entry , Import , Export , Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries .
Thus , the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Carbonyl Nickel Powder market , offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022 , keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
No sweet Valentine for cocoa after price hits 3½-year low
Leadbook , a global customer intelligence database , has partnered International Enterprise ( IE ) Singapore to help small-to-medium enterprises ( SMEs ) in Singapore gain access to partners overseas . Companies can leverage Leadbook 's online platform to access over 7 million organisations in 90 industries across 145 countries , including Southeast Asia , China and India . With this , they can conduct market sizing , lead generation , database management , targeted email outreach and outbound calls with prospective partners .
As shown in IE Singapore 's Internationalisation Survey , finding suitable business partners and lack of market knowledge are key challenges for SMEs when expanding overseas . This solution helps them target relevant customers quickly , and save time on developing insights relevant to the organization profile and personas , along with a comprehensive understanding of potential total addressable market ( TAM ) size .
“ Finding the right partner is an important first step for SMEs going overseas and IE Singapore is constantly expanding our networks to make this process easier for them . This partnership with Leadbook enables SMEs to tap into their diverse networks and opens doors for partnerships , ” said Michelle Chow , Group Director of Enterprise Partnership , IE Singapore .
Basheer Cassim , CEO of Leadbook commented , “ During the past 18 months , businesses have come to realize the limitations of the traditional inbound marketing model and has reached a saturation point . Companies are becoming immune to inbound marketing . Targeted outreach to verified business contacts is quickly becoming the go-to-strategy for organizations . Rather than waiting around for the right people from the right companies to come swimming to your net , our cloud-based platform allows you to identify the right people with a targeted strategy and maximize your sales potential . Today 's sales representatives are time-strapped and this means a greater demand for convenient solutions . Beyond greater convenience , quality of actionable data and customer lifetime value are quintessential . Ensuring your CRM database and other tools contains only up-to-date and comprehensive data is the first step to fuel GTM activities . We hope Leadbook breathes new life to traditional outbound lead generation strategies , a boon to all businesses of all sizes . ”
Confident of the growth in database marketing in Singapore , Mr. Cassim added , “ Together with IE Singapore 's expertise and strong global presence , we are looking forward to the next phase of growth for Leadbook as we drive innovation in big data for the advancement of business-to-business selling . Innovation has always been a key value to us . We constantly research and experiment with the goal of improving our platform , database and services to meet organisations ' high demand for pre-sales prospecting . This partnership would aid us momentously . ”
Businesses wishing to know more about Leadbook 's services can contact the team directly at
marketing @ leadbook.com or visit https : //www.iesingapore.gov.sg/Assistance/Market-Access-Leadbook
About Leadbook
Leadbook is a global customer intelligence database with 64,000,000 contacts from 7,000,000 organisations across 145 countries . From data acquisition to data enrichment , our proprietary artificial intelligence technology assets will boost your capabilities to discover key prospects within seconds . Users only pay for verified data and benefit from updates free of charge . Our customers , businesses of all sizes , are using our cloud-based platform for go-to-market insights , account based selling and lead generation . For more information and for a lifetime free account , please visit www.leadbook.com .
About International Enterprise Singapore
IE Singapore is the government agency that promotes international trade and partners Singapore companies to go global .
We attract and anchor global trading companies in Singapore by promoting our unique advantages as a global trading hub . Today , Singapore is home to a complete ecosystem for the energy , agri-commodities and metals & minerals trading clusters .
Through our network of over 35 overseas centres and comprehensive assistance programmes , we partner Singapore companies to strengthen their global competitiveness .
Visit www.iesingapore.gov.sg for more information .
MEDIA CONTACT
Clare Wong
Leadbook Pte . Ltd .
Email : clare @ leadbook.com
Web : https : //www.leadbook.com
Sacramento , CA , USA — 31th May 2018 — Fisher Chiropractic proposes to you the very nice and unique services that will help you release the pain . Special approach to every client and really relaxing feelings are not the only advantages and features of their services . If you would like to get rid of any pain and back concerns , then you should definitely take into account the Fisher Chiropractic offerings . For those living in Sacramento , Fisher Chiropractic is the best choice for you .
The website of Fisher Chiropractic is a very informative platform , user friendly as well . You can easily discover everything you need on their webpage and explore the Fisher Chiropractic company . Their services are thoroughly described in the articles and you can even check the many reviews of the Fisher Chiropractic previous clients . One more feature of the Fisher Chiropractic page is that you can instantly send them an email from their site . You can also find the address on Google Maps there .
Why Fisher Chiropractic is the best choice to consider ? Many things make this company unique . They have a particular approach to every of their clients , thus assuring to everyone 100 % result . Also , their price ranges are quite affordable and worth it . One more point to refer to , the Fisher Chiropractic experts are certifies and know well how to deal with your problem . Te Fisher Chiropractic services have already helped hundreds people and will have many more . Do n't miss the chance to explore better this company .
About Fisher Chiropractic :
Fisher Chiropractic is the company that will eliminate any piece of pain from your back , with the very nice offerings of massage and chirotherapies . You can definitely rely on the golden hands of the Fisher Chiropractic experts who know very well what to do with your back . Efficient and simply relaxing therapies can make you the happiest person in the world . Fisher Chiropractic is all about trust and effectiveness . Do n't miss the chance to start a new life without pains .
Contact :
Company Name : Fisher Chiropractic
Address : 1221 Alhambra Blvd . Ste # 105 , Sacramento , CA 95816
Phone : ( 916 ) 451-5552
Website : http : //www.fisherchiropractic.net/
The next time you see a DeLorean in person , it might be soaring overhead just as the namesake did in the final scene of Back to the Future .
DeLorean Aerospace over the weekend unveiled the DeLorean DR-7 , a two-seater vertical take-off and landing ( VTOL ) personal transportation vehicle… or in other words , a flying car .
DeLorean Motor Company has the distinction of being one of the least successful yet most well-known vehicle manufacturers in automotive history due to the sole model it produced , the DMC-12 . That vehicle played a starring role in the asupervisorstioned Back to the Future trilogy .
DeLorean Aerospace is an entirely different company that was created in 2012 by Paul DeLorean , nephew of John DeLorean who founded DeLorean Motor Company . John DeLorean died in 2005 .
As highlighted in a profile from Wired , the DeLorean DR-7 measures roughly 20 feet long , is 18.5 feet wide and features two sets of wings as well as a few winglets on the bottom . Two large ducted fans aid in lift and propulsion . Everything will be autonomous meaning users wo n't need a pilot 's license to operate it .
The DR-7 is still in the R & D phase although the company has constructed two scale models to date .
A flying car may seem in the realm of science fiction and cliché given the DeLorean name but the truth is , several companies are actively developing flying vehicles . Safety , however , is still a key concern and ultimately could keep flying cars grounded for the foreseeable future .
French regulators , notoriously slow in their pursuit of economic crimes , are announcing their arrival as global cops .
The country 's anti-bribery enforcers have rarely levied large fines against corruption cases , but are now going after the scalps of one of the country 's richest men as well as one of Europe 's flagship industrial companies . Billionaire Vincent Bollore was detained for police interrogation Tuesday and could face corruption charges while Airbus SE reportedly risks a fine in excess of $ 1 billion .
For years , French regulators were missing from the international corruption enforcement scene , an absence that earned the country a rebuke from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development at the beginning of the decade . U.S. authorities , on the other hand , have n't been shy in fining foreign companies -- especially French ones .
“ The current trend for anti-corruption in France is unique , ” said Nicolas Tollet , a Paris-based lawyer with Hughes Hubbard & Reed . “ More and more companies are being investigated for corruption . France was very inactive until very recently . That was partly due to a lack of willingness from the French state to prosecute companies for corruption . ''
France introduced a much tougher anti-corruption law last year that allows for settlements and obliges companies with more than 500 employees and 100 million euros ( $ 122 million ) in revenue to set up monitored anti-corruption policies .
Continental Divide
The approach to a case against Total SA can serve as an example of the difference between the continents . Nearly 15 years after the case was first opened , French judges fined the oil company 750,000 euros in a corruption case linked to Iraq 's oil-for-food program . That 's about 500 times less than what it paid in the U.S .
Other French companies have been targeted in American corruption cases . In 2010 , Technip SA settled for $ 338 million and that same year , Alcatel-Lucent SAS paid $ 137 million . In 2015 , Alstom SA was forced to pay a $ 772 million fine in a bribery case .
American regulators fined BNP Paribas SA -- France 's largest bank -- $ 9 billion four years ago to settle a sanctions violations case . While the case did n't involve corruption , the amount of its fine got the attention of companies and authorities in France , Stephane Bonifassi , a criminal lawyer in Paris who was n't involved in the case , said in a phone interview .
“ France decided it 's time to get its act together , otherwise it would just get fleeced by U.S. authorities , ” Bonifassi said .
Sovereignty Issue
Lucie Mongin-Archambeaud , a Paris-based business ethnics lawyer with Osborne Clarke , said France wanted to show that it too can fight corruption , and does n't need the U.S. to lead the way .
“ It became a sovereignty issue , ” they said by phone .
As a result , enforcers in France have become bolder and better equipped in recent years .
A prosecutor specializing in major financial crime was set up in 2014 and has begun making a name for itself outside of France . The Parquet National Financier is working with the U.K. 's Serious Fraud Office in the investigation of possible bribery by Airbus . The PNF is also going after Société Générale SA over corruption allegations related to the bank 's work with the Libyan Investment Authority .
The elite prosecutor 's office also extracted in November a 300 million-euro fine from HSBC Holdings Plc when inaugurating the brand-new settlement procedure similar to Deferred Prosecution Agreements .
Wildenstein
The PNF has also had setbacks . While French prosecutors had sought a four-year prison sentence plus a 250 million-euro fine for Guy Wildenstein over tax-evasion charges , Paris judges fully cleared the art dealer earlier this year .
The probe into Bollore -- which could result in charges against the 66-year-old billionaire -- is looking at contracts awarded to their company for the operation of container terminals in Lome , Togo , and Conakry , Guinea , according to a person familiar with the matter , who asked not to be named as the probe is ongoing .
Investigating judges suspect that managers of Bollore SA used advertising company Havas to facilitate the election of African officials by providing communications advice nearly a decade ago at a discount price , the person said . Other managers were also held for questioning Tuesday , according to the person .
Their company , which had its share price sliced by 6.1 percent Tuesday , said its executives “ are happy to cooperate fully ” with authorities .
Diego Costa has criticised Chelsea 's treatment of them this summer and said they are “ not a criminal ” as they hold out for a move to Atletico Madrid .
The 28-year-old , who claims they were told they were not wanted by manager Antonio Conte via text message in the summer , has yet to leave the club but did not return from their post-season break .
Costa said they were happy at Stamford Bridge until Conte made it clear they had no future in the Italian 's team , and now wants to rejoin the club they left to join Chelsea in 2014 .
The striker said they have not reported for training as they do not want to train with the Blues ' reserves , and is happy staying in Brazil and paying club fines until their future is resolved .
“ I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free . I did n't want to leave . I was happy . When the manager does not want you , you have to go , ” they told the Daily Mail .
“ In January , things happened with the coach . I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it . I suspect the manager was behind it .
“ They gave me a week extra off but since then it 's fines all the way . They want me training with the reserves . I am not going to do that .
“ I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here . So , if they need to fine me , let them fine me . ”
Text message
Costa , who said they feel Conte “ does n't possess charisma ” , was angry with how they were told to leave .
They added : “ There are ways of going about it . You do n't do it by text message . You should be honest and direct to someone 's face . ”
Costa hopes to sort their future out quickly but is prepared to miss a year of playing rather than move somewhere other than Atletico , who are under a transfer embargo until January .
They said : “ My desire is to go to Atletico . I have rejected other offers . They want to sell me to China or other teams . If I 'm off , I 'm going to the club I want to go to , not the club that 's paying the most .
“ I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing , even if Chelsea fine me for a year and do n't pay me . I 'll come back stronger . If I was in the wrong , I 'd go back now and do as they say . ”
Santa Barbara police say a man used a semi-automatic handgun and fled with cash
Santa Barbara police are continuing to look for an armed suspect after a robbery Thursday morning at the Rabobank at 2222 Bath St .
Sgt . Todd Johnson responded to the scene at 10:02 a.m. , a minute after receiving the call , but was too late .
“ A masked man entered the bank from the rear , waved a semi-automatic handgun and demanded an undisclosed amount of money with no dye packs , ” they said . “ It all lasted about a minute . They took the money and went out the back door and ran northeast toward De la Vina Street . ”
The suspect is described as a heavyset white adult male in their late 30s , 6 feet 2 inches tall with brown hair . They were wearing a gray T-shirt , gray shorts and a black backpack .
The Santa Barbara Police Department 's Detective Bureau and the FBI are investigating the crime .
No injuries were reported as a result of the robbery .
“ If I put you on the corner of a block and said run as fast as you can , you could cover quite a distance in a minute — especially if you know where you 're going , ” Johnson said .
— Noozhawk staff writer Alex Kacik can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Top seed Simona Halep recovered from a slow start to reach the second round of the French Open .
The Romanian , a two-time runner-up at Roland Garros , found themselves 5-0 down to American Alison Riske in Wednesday 's opening match on Court Philippe Chatrier .
Riske went on to take the first set but Halep finally woke up and dropped just two more games in registering a 2-6 6-1 6-1 victory .
Halep , still hunting a maiden Grand Slam title , will face another American , Taylor Townsend , in round two .
Halep refused to blame the rain delay , which prevented them from playing Tuesday evening , for their sluggish beginning .
“ I had a slow start because it 's always tough to start this tournament , ” they said .
“ It 's a pleasure to come here and to play , so always I feel nervous at the beginning .
“ But it was good that I came back so strong . I felt really well in the end of the match , and that 's the most important for now . ”
In the second round , fourth seed Elina Svitolina , of Ukraine , breezed past Slovakian Viktoria Kuzmova 6-3 6-4 .
Petra Kvitova , the Czech eighth seed , was untroubled by Lara Arruaberra of Spain in a 6-0 6-4 victory to take them into the third round , where they will face Estonia 's Anett Kontaveit .
RESULTS
Women 's singles first round
( 1 ) Simona Halep ( Rom ) bt Alison Riske ( USA ) 2-6 6-1 6-1
Second round
( 4 ) Elina Svitolina ( Ukr ) bt Viktoria Kuzmova ( Svk ) 6-3 6-4
( 8 ) Petra Kvitova ( Cze ) bt Lara Arruabarrena ( Esp ) 6-0 6-4
( 21 ) Naomi Osaka ( Jpn ) bt Zarina Diyas ( Kaz ) 6-4 7-5
( 25 ) Anett Kontaveit ( Est ) bt Alexandra Dulgheru ( Rom ) 7-5 6-2
( 26 ) Barbora Zahlavova Strycova ( Cze ) bt Ekaterina Makarova ( Rus ) 6-4 6-2
( 31 ) Mihaela Buzarnescu ( Rom ) bt Rebecca Peterson ( Swe ) 6-1 6-2
Katerina Siniakova ( Cze ) bt Kateryna Kozlova ( Ukr ) 6-7 ( 4-7 ) 6-4 6-4
Executive Director Victoria Juarez and board trustee Craig Price of Girls Inc. of Carpinteria attended the Women 's Fund annual awards luncheon to accept a $ 50,000 grant for the Girls Inc. Eureka ! project , a five-year program for girls beginning the summer before eight grade and continuing through the 12th grade .
“ The Women 's Fund of Santa Barbara is thrilled to be supporting the Eureka ! Program of Girls Inc. Carpinteria , ” said Sally Tannenbaum , member of the Women 's Fund . “ Our members believe the program is compelling and look forward to hearing success stories of girls from Carpinteria in the future . ”
The Women 's Fund of Santa Barbara responds to critical community needs by making substantial gifts in the Santa Barbara area . Through the power of collective philanthropy , it serves as a catalyst for bringing women together with an emphasis on funding meaningful projects affecting women , children and families . The Fund seeks to educate and inspire women to become leaders in philanthropy and demonstrate the impact of collective giving .
Eureka ! offers girls both summer and school-year programming . During the first two summers , girls spend four weeks on a college campus participating in hands-on activities in math , science , technology , sports , personal development and careers . For the third and final summer , Eurekans participate in a four-week paid internship in career fields of their choice hosted by women professionals .
Eureka ! school-year support services include academic and college counseling , SAT preparation workshops , field trips , leadership opportunities , and weekly workshops on culture , writing , social issues , math and science . Girls will continue to receive support from staff during the eleventh and twelfth grades . Eureka staff will support girls in identifying and pursuing college and additional professional development opportunities .
“ The Women 's Fund meets the needs in the here and now by helping to feed the hungry and heal the sick , ” Juarez said . “ With Eureka ! , however , they are investing in our future by enabling young women to achieve personal autonomy and economic self-sufficiency . ”
The majority of Eureka ! program participants attend public schools in Carpinteria Unified School District , where only about 40 percent of 12th-grade graduates complete course requirements for entrance into the University of California or California State University systems .
Through the five-year intensive Eureka ! program , girls are encouraged to deepen their focus on academic achievement and career planning , and the program emphasizes building their interest in science and math — at an age when their interest in these subjects is at risk of declining .
— Victoria Juarez is a executive director of Girls Inc. of Carpinteria .
The worldwide automotive fabric market is highly competitive , with several top companies vying for a large share of the global market . Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) has recently appended a new title in its reports database focusing on the performance and revenue forecast of global automotive fabric market . This comprehensive report presents the revenue estimations of the automotive fabric market , and also highlights the key factors anticipated to impact revenue growth of the worldwide automotive fabric market over the forecast period 2017-2022 .
Get Free Sample Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/sample/3903
The report follows a precise structure beginning with the executive summary , an overview of the worldwide automotive fabric market , factors influencing revenue growth , and the detailed revenue estimations . The report also describes the bottom line of various companies operating in this market , and provides information on the pricing structure and cost analysis of the automotive fabric market . Information on strategies pertaining to raw materials sourcing , a global distributor list , and a list of key region wise market participants is also provided . Towards the end , the report highlights the research methodology used to arrive at the market estimations along with a list of the primary and secondary sources of research used . Key market assumptions and acronyms used throughout the report have also been listed for the readers ' benefit .
Global Automotive Fabric Market : Segmentation
The worldwide automotive fabric market is segmented by product type into non-woven , woven , knitted ; by sales channel into aftermarket , OEM ; by application into pre-assembled interior components , airbags , belts and hoses , floor covering , safety belts , tires , upholstery , car roof , other applications ; by type of vehicle into mid-sized passenger cars , light commercial vehicles , luxury passenger cars , premium passenger cars , compact passenger cars , heavy commercial vehicles ; by region into North America , Europe , Latin America , Middle East & Africa , Japan , and Asia Pacific Excluding Japan . For each of these segments , the report provides a detailed market forecast substantiated by key metrics such as revenue ( in US $ Mn ) , compound annual growth rate for the historical period ( 2012 – 2016 ) and forecast period ( 2017 – 2022 ) , market share , and Y-o-Y growth . A detailed segmental revenue forecast for each country within the assessed regions is also presented in this report . The value forecast presented in the report is intended to help clients and key stakeholders understand the top segment and region to target in terms of enhancing growth in the worldwide automotive fabric market .
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https : //www.mrrse.com/automotive-fabric-market
Global Automotive Fabric Market : Competition Study
An important chapter of the report highlights the competition scenario in the automotive fabric market . The report studies some of the top companies operating in the worldwide automotive fabric market and presents information such as company and business overview , a detailed SWOT analysis , key financials , and recent market developments . The SWOT analysis presents the different strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , and threats of the concerned companies and is a very useful read that helps readers gauge the current position of the leading players in the worldwide automotive fabric market and enables a thorough study of the key strategies adopted by these companies to retain their competitive edge in the automotive fabric market .
Some of the top players profiled in the report are Adient , Heathcoat Fabrics Limited , Achilles USA , Inc. , CMI Enterprises , Delcotex , American Foam & Fabric , Shri Ram Laminators Private Limited , Lear Corporation , Autotech Nonwovens Pvt Ltd. , Global Safety Textiles GmbH , TB Kawashima Co. , Ltd. , Sage Automotive Interiors , PLM Impianti Srl , ACME , Foss Manufacturing , LLC , TEIJIN FRONTIER CO. , LTD. , Wovlene Tec Fab India , Shamkem Multifab Limited , Alcantara S.p.A. , and SETEX-Textil-GmbH .
Enquire About this Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3903
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports . MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice . Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title , geographical region , publisher , or other keywords .
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research . MRRSE 's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research , be it competitive intelligence , product or service trends or strategic consulting .
Contact
State Tower
90 , State Street
Suite 700
Albany , NY – 12207
United States
Telephone : +1-518-730-0559
Email : sales @ mrrse.com
Website : https : //www.mrrse.com/
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights : Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
0:59 Mine Ikeda remembers a gesture of comfort the day after Pearl Harbor
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - The Florida Department of Health in Miami-Dade County has discovered a second raccoon that 's tested positive for rabies in Kendall .
On Wednesday , the DOH-Miami-Dade confirmed the rabies finding and said a previous rabies alert will be extended for the next 60 days .
The boundaries for the alert are :
– Southwest 152nd Street to the north
– Southwest 187th Street to the south
– Southwest 117th Avenue to the east
– Southwest 137th Avenue to the west
Health officials said this is the second rabid raccoon this year in Miami-Dade County .
DOH-Miami-Dade is working alongside Miami-Dade Animal Services to try and identify if anyone has made contact with the rabid raccoons . In the meantime , officials said all domestic animals should be properly vaccinated against rabies and that contact with wildlife should be avoided .
“ Well , I keep mine indoors all the time , ” said Jorge Roldan , who lives in the rabies zone . “ Yeah , we just got ta keep them on a leash , but I 'll guarantee you the majority of — 99 percent of this neighborhood does n't know . We 're always walking our dogs in this neighborhood and no one knows what you just told me . ”
Seek medical attention immediately if you or your pets come in contact with raccoons or other wildlife .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
In just 45 days , major changes will radically overhaul car tax rules .
Motorists across Birmingham and throughout the West Midlands will be required to change what they pay in a bid to keep their vehicles on the road .
For new car owners , the rules that kick in on April 1 , will mean seven out of 10 faces shelling out more .
This is thanks to the revised Vehicle Excise Duty ( VED ) tax bands .
And motorists driving some of the most popular motors - once considered the height of 'eco-friendly ' technology - must shell out an extra £900 over five years , as the Exeter Express and Echo reports .
Here is how the changes could affect you :
Will I be affected ?
Under the new rules only electric and hydrogen cars will be exempt - and all other cars will pay a flat rate of £140 .
The amount of carbon dioxide in a car 's exhaust gases is calculated using a standard European test and published in every brochure .
And the results show the average amount of carbon dioxide produced for every kilometre that a car drives .
Carbon dioxide is measured in grams , so the results are written as g/km CO2 .
A car emitting 99g/km bought before April 1 will be free of road tax for life .
Those bought after the date will cost £120 in the first year , and £140 a year thereafter .
Cars emitting 131g/km will be taxed £200 instead of £130 , those emitting 151g/km will be charged £500 instead of £180 , and cars emitting 171g/km will be charged £800 instead of £295 , while those emitting 191g/km will be charged £1,200 instead of £490 .
The highest possible charge will continue to apply to those emitting over 255g/km , but that will rise from £1,100 to £2,000 .
However , those buying high-polluting cars may even break , with tax set higher in the first year and subsequently falling every year after that .
Why are they doing it ?
The current structure based on CO2 bands was introduced in 2001 when the average emission of a new UK car was 178 gCO2/km .
The Band A threshold of 100 gCO2/km , below which cars pay no VED , was introduced in 2003 , when average new car emissions were 173 gCO2/km .
Since then , to meet EU emissions targets average new car emissions have fallen to 125 gCO2/km .
This means that an increasingly large number of ordinary cars now fall into the zero- or lower-rated VED bands , meaning they pay no tax at all .
What if I can afford a luxury car ?
It will be even worse for those who want to buy luxury or low emissions cars .
Currently , they are tax free but the cost will rocket to £310 a year from the second year of operation .
Cars worth more than £40,000 that produce polluting emissions will have to pay £450 a year in years two to six .
So what do I do now ?
James Hind , founder of the car buying site carwow.co.uk , says : `` Some models will cost significantly more to tax each year , so there are long-term savings to be had by buying before the new system kicks in .
`` Hybrid cars and small petrol-powered city cars will be cheaper to tax if you buy before April 1 . ''
If you are unable to buy your low-emissions car before April , then it is worth considering a nearly-new car , which will continue to be taxed under the old system .
Could I actually be better off ?
Possibly .
A report by consumer website Honest John says some car owners will save up to £245 a year .
The rules are being introduced as greener cars , which until now have benefited from lower car tax , increase in numbers on the road .
That means the Government has been losing out on tax revenue .
This will be reversed as the UK 's best selling car - the Ford Fiesta 1.0 EcoBoost 100PS - will now cost owners £540 more to tax over four years .
Zero-emission cars will not be exempt from the changes on April 1 .
After one free year , owners of expensive to buy electric cars - that 's anything that costs over £40,000 , will have to pay £310 a year .
The changes affect all new cars , registered from April 1 this year .
Currently you could buy some types of Vauxhall Corsa , Ford Focus , Ford Fiesta , Volkswagen Golf or Nissan Qashqai and pay zero car tax .
Anything that emits less than 99g/km does n't qualify for VED under the current system .
But from April 1 this year you will end up paying more than £125 a year for all of those cars .
The new system means there are three bands .
Zero emission cars pay no tax .
Standard cars ( anything over zero ) pay £140 a year and owners of any car that costs more than £40,000 - regardless of its emissions - will pay £310 for five years .
On top of that , in the first year , cars are rated on their carbon-dioxide emissions and will pay a one-off VED of between nothing and £2,000 .
So owners of hybrid cars , who currently pay no car tax , will pay £10 in year one , then £140 a year after that .
Owners of some high-performance cars , or cars which guzzle gas , will be better off - as the yearly flat rate of £140 is less than they currently pay .
Honest John 's managing editor , Daniel Powell , said : `` Many motorists are unaware of the changes that are coming for VED , but the fact of the matter is this : the system is changing , and low emissions cars wo n't be as tax efficient as they were before . ''
A VICTORIA FALLS animal handler is battling for their life at Mpilo Central Hospital after a domesticated elephant trampled and gored them several times .
The incident happened on Wednesday morning at Dibamombe Safari Lodge 32km from Victoria Falls town . The elephant , called Dojiwe , was shot and killed by Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority rangers after the attack on Thursday .
A witness and co-worker said the elephant turned against James Tshuma and their manager , as they were chasing it away from a maize patch in the garden .
“ After opening the paddock , Dojiwe went to the garden instead of going to graze . Our manager [ Hazel ] Palmer , together with Tshuma , then led them out and they complied . As they were leading them out , they hit Palmer with their trunk and that is when Tshuma tried to reprimand her , but they immediately turned on him , ” Stephen Tshuma said .
“ It lifted them up before throwing them to the ground and trampling on their feet and goring them all over their body . They were badly injured .
“ It then left them after noticing the feeding cubes that they had dropped scattered all over and that 's when we took them to hospital and they were transferred to Bulawayo . ”
Dojiwe , the elephant , was popularly known for their adventurous and friendly behaviour towards tourists , who would visit the site to marvel at them kneeling down and kicking the ball , among other tricks .
Tshuma said it was their first time to witness such behaviour since their adoption .
Last year , another domesticated elephant called Mbanje from Adventure Zone was shot after trampling its handler to death .
Animal rights activists condemn elephants capture and rides , arguing that the practice is cruel and should be banned . Newsday
Nursing a heavily bandaged hand , the shame of their late-night brawl appears etched on Ben Stokes ' face .
The England cricketer emerged from their £1.7million home for the first time since their arrest over a drunken street fight outside a Bristol nightclub .
Stokes is said to have broken a finger last week after allegedly throwing 15 punches in a minute , but the strapping to their hand suggests a more extensive injury .
They were seen leaving their five-bedroom mansion in County Durham - the former home of convicted sex offender footballer Adam Johnson - as they await the outcome of a police investigation .
Advertisement
Dressed in a light grey sweatshirt and navy jeans , Stokes , 26 , tried to keep a low-profile under a baseball cap as they walked through the iron gates before driving away in a red £49,000 Jaguar F-Type Coupe .
The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) has announced it is renewing their £700,000-a-year contract , despite the fact they are facing a potential assault charge after a 27-year-old man was left in hospital with facial injuries .
But the all-rounder , who has been compared to Sir Ian Botham for their ability with both bat and ball , has been dropped from the England squad travelling to Australia later this month for the Ashes series .
The ECB has not made a final decision on whether they will play for England later this winter .
They were suspended on full pay after footage appeared to show them fighting two men close to the Mbargo nightclub in Bristol in the early hours of September 25 .
A source close to the England team claimed the altercation had been a result of Stokes defending two gay men .
Avon and Somerset Police are still waiting to speak to 'two specific witnesses ' , who are yet to come forward , before a decision is made on whether to charge Stokes .
The player , who is engaged to the mother of their two children Clare Ratcliffe , could also lose a contract worth up to £1.7milliion in the Indian Premier League next year .
Owner Jan Koch , who says they could no longer compete with the Internet , plans to close the Anapamu Street shop for good on June 30
The Travel Store of Santa Barbara was abuzz with activity Thursday , as customers bought up discounted maps , hats and other items .
The steady flow of traffic kept the store from even a moment of emptiness — a state the travel shop will forever experience when its doors close after 29 years on June 30 .
Owner Jan Koch tried to put a positive spin on shuttering the doors , expressing deep gratitude for having been able to assist so many locals with their travel dreams for so many years in the same location at 12 W. Anapamu St .
Their store just has n't been able to fairly compete with the increasing popularity of online shopping and travel planning .
“ All the people that we had hoped would come out of the woodworks to come out and buy this stuff did not , ” Koch told Noozhawk this week . “ The streets are empty . Locals are not interested in shopping local anymore .
“ We 're not blaming anybody . We 're just merely reacting to what is obvious . We 're not changing , but the public is . ”
Koch bought the travel shop from the original owners of what was then Pacific Travelers Supply , established in 1984 just off State Street downtown . They rebranded the store shortly after to emphasize that the space was tailored for locals ' travel needs .
The economic recession hit hard in 2008 — a year on track to be the best ever — and sales never fully recovered .
Koch , who now lives in Arizona , said they have n't been able to sell the store either . Six months have passed since the shop was listed on the market , with no takers .
They said the store will also phase out a partnership with the gift shop in the Santa Barbara Airport .
Ringing items out at 25 , 50 and 75 percent markdowns this week , Koch said sales ironically have been great since announcing the closing .
“ I 'm sorry to see you go , ” one customer said .
Koch smiled , remarking that the closing was bittersweet .
“ Sometimes it 's nice to say goodbye , ” they said . “ All good books have to come to an end .
“ It became a challenge and a half to challenge competition from the Internet . We gave it our very best . The consumer has spoken . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around . Watch them go .
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
4:17 Laurence Juber Trio use music to become mentors at Morro Bay High School
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
Gabrielle Union and Dwyane Wade are combining hustles to bring New Orleans a must-attend event this weekend – and we 've got the scoop .
Joining forces with Fancy.com , the Being Mary Jane actor and NBA superstar will host ‘ D & G : A & Hers Pop-Up Fancy Experience . ' Attendees will have the opportunity to shop items by Flawless , Lalique , Li-Ning , and more , with the comfort of knowing the pieces were hand-picked by Gabby and Dwyane as they put their fashion , beauty , and tech influences on full display .
To top it off , the Li-Ning Way of Wade 5 ‘ All Star ' shoe will be released exclusively at the Star Weekend pop-up , following a wide release of the shoe online at www.wayofwade.com . And , so as not to be outshined by hubby , Gabrielle will release an exclusive clutch purse with designer Edie Parker and more !
“ I am so excited to be the first actor to partner with Fancy on this pop-up shop during NBA All Star-Weekend and that I get to participate in this alongside my husband , ” they said of the collaboration . “ I ca n't wait to showcase some of my favorite things including debuting my new haircare line , Flawless . ”
Once again , the Hollywood duo shows us how it 's done . Meet D & G at the International House Hotel ( 221 Camp St , New Orleans , LA ) Feb. 17 through Feb 19 . And in honor of Valentine 's Day , check out more cuteness from the couple below .
Politicians from all sides have rounded on Donald Trump for failing explicitly to condemn white supremacy groups or use the term domestic terrorism after a woman was killed when a car smashed into anti-racism protesters at the weekend .
The US Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the death , The Guardian wrote .
On Saturday , the president condemned hatred and violence “ on many sides ” in their remarks , but did not directly single out the white supremacists , whose attempt to hold a major rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , resulted in the governor , Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , calling a state of emergency . Disorder including clashes with counterprotesters left more than 30 injured .
The woman who was killed by the car that ploughed into counter-protesters was named as 32-year-old Heather Heyer , a legal assistant who had repeatedly championed civil rights issues on social media .
A 20-year-old man , James Fields , of Maumee , Ohio , has been charged with their murder . On Sunday photographs taken earlier on Saturday surfaced that showed Fields standing with a neo-Nazi group and holding a shield emblazoned with a far-right emblem .
0:41
The failure of Trump to directly blame white supremacists , after some had marched through Charlottesville 's streets shouting , “ Hail Trump ” while making Nazi salutes , has prompted harsh criticism .
Many are urging for the president to make their condemnation more specific , including leading Republicans such as senators Marco Rubio and Cory Gardner and New Jersey 's governor Chris Christie , as well as a slew of Democrats .
Gardner tweeted : “ Mr . President , we must call evil by its name . These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. ” Rubio tweeted there was “ nothing patriotic about Nazis , the # KKK or # WhiteSupremacists It 's the direct opposite of what # America seeks to be . ”
Christie , a staunch Trump supporter , wrote : “ We reject the racism and violence of white nationalists like the ones acting out in Charlottesville . Everyone in leadership must speak out . ”
On Sunday morning talk shows , Tom Bossert , the White House homeland security adviser , defended the president 's statement by suggesting that some of the counterprotesters had also been violent , and only when pressed did they specifically condemn the racist groups .
The White House responded to the criticism on Sunday with a statement that said the president had “ said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry , and hatred . Of course that includes white supremacists , KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups . They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ”
The White House statement was followed hours later by even tougher rhetoric against white nationalists from vice-president Mike Pence . “ We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists , neo Nazis or the KKK , ” Pence said on a visit to Colombia .
“ These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . ”
Ivanka Trump , the president 's daughter and also a White House aide , meanwhile , did criticize the groups directly , tweeting , “ There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ”
Trump is on a 17-day “ working vacation ” at their golf resort in Bedminster , New Jersey , but is sure to face questions about their response and views on white supremacists when they next speaks to journalists publicly .
The president 's short-lived communications chief , Anthony Scaramucci , also added their voice to the criticism of Trump 's response , and speculated about the future of Steven Bannon , the White House chief adviser who previously served as the executive chairperson of the far-right news site Breitbart . On ABC 's This Morning with George Stephanopoulos , Scaramucci said of Trump 's Saturday comments from Bedminster : “ I would n't have recommended that statement. ” They added , “ I think they would have needed to have been much harsher . ”
Scaramucci continued : “ With the moral authority of the presidency , you have to call that stuff out , ” They went on to say there 's “ this sort of “ Bannon-bart ” influence ” in the White House that “ is a snag on the president. ” When asked by Stephanopoulos if that influence stemmed from Bannon , Scaramucci replied , “ I think the president knows what he 's going to do with Steve Bannon . ”
Hundreds of white nationalists marched through Charlottesville on Friday evening and onto the campus of the University of Virginia there , bearing torches and chanting , “ You will not replace us. ” Then they gathered again on Saturday morning , some carrying KKK and Confederate flags , to converge on a local park .
The white nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration over the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederate general Robert E Lee . Many were armed with clubs , wearing paramilitary garb and chanting antisemitic and racist slogans and epithets as they converged on a public park while local police looked on .
Counter-protesters massed in opposition , and a few hours after violent encounters between the two groups , a car drove into a crowd of people peacefully protesting the rally . “ Alt-right ” activist Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke attended the demonstrations .
Two Virginia state troopers died when their helicopter , which had been flying above the demonstrations , crashed in woods nearby .
Speaking on Sunday , also on CNN , Charlottesville 's mayor , Michael Signer , said : “ There are a bunch of folks in the hospital . This is a city that 's grieving . These were people that did n't need to die . ”
Asked whether Trump should bear any responsibility for the rise in openly racist , white nationalist sentiment and displays , Signer , a Democrat , said : “ Look at the campaign they ran . Look at the intentional courting of these white nationalist groups and the repeated failure to silence all those different efforts [ to bring people together ] , just like we saw yesterday . ”
Added Signer : “ There are two words that need to be said over and over : domestic terrorism and white supremacy , and we are not seeing leadership from the White House on this . ”
Tom Bossert , the White House homeland security adviser , spoke about the possibility of the death penalty in connection with the killing of Heyer .
Speaking to CNN 's State of the Union , they said : “ There is a civil rights investigation . We will see where the facts take us . They have been charged with second-degree murder and that could carry a much stiffer penalty if there is evidence to support a civil rights abuse or a hate crime . That could bring the death penalty . ”
Later on Sunday afternoon in downtown Charlottesville , “ Unite the Right ” rally organizer Jason Kessler attempted to hold a press conference with “ alt right ” activist leader Richard Spencer . The two had earlier distanced themselves from the accused killer , James Field .
As soon as Kessler emerged in the forecourt of Charlottesville 's city hall , a crowd of more than 300 people who had gathered along with the waiting media began yelling insults at the men . At the microphones , Kessler became increasingly animated but was completely inaudible .
After a few minutes , a crowd of anti-far-right protestors rushed the improvised podium . Kessler fled and made their escape with the protection of waiting state police in riot gear . Behind the line of police , the crowd resumed chanting , “ Nazis go home ” and “ we are unstoppable another world is possible ” .
After about 15 minutes when it was clear Kessler had left the downtown area , police and the crowd dispersed . In a nearby ice cream shop , Joe Montoya , a local resident who had been vociferous in the crowd , said they were glad that the city had prevented Kessler from speaking . “ This is what our town is like , ” they said .
“ Charlottesville is a diverse place , ” Montoya said . “ We come together at times like this . Love wins ”
Donald Trump 's father , Fred Trump , is widely believed to have had links to , or at least been an enthusiastic supporter of , the Ku Klux Klan . They were arrested at a Klan rally in New York City in 1927 .
The first mention of Donald Trump in the New York Times appears to have been in 1973 when , as president of the Trump Management Corporation that controlled thousands of New York City rental apartments , they countersued the federal government after it accused their family 's company of racial discrimination .
Despite fighting back fiercely , the Trumps with the aid of notorious attorney Roy Cohn , were eventually obliged to alter their renting policies .
A status yellow weather warning for freezing overnight temperatures across the country will remain in place until 9am on Tuesday .
Temperatures fell as low as -5 on Monday night following a weekend of heavy snow . The unseasonably cold weather , which brought snow and ice to many parts of Leinster and Munster , began improving on Monday with sunny spells and dry conditions . However , the cold weather is set to continue on Tuesday night with values set to hit -3 in some places . Daytime temperatures on Tuesday will be milder , reaching 7 to 8 degrees .
These warmer temperatures , which are in line with expected March weather , will continue through the week . On Wednesday , values will reach between 9 and 11 degrees with some patchy rain in northern countries . But most of the country will remain bright and dry with sunny spells . Temperatures will remain above freezing on Wednesday night .
Warmer temperatures , which are in line with expected March weather , are expected through the week Photograph : Dara Mac Dónaill/The Irish Times
More unsettled weather will begin to spread on Thursday , bringing rain across the country . Friday will also be marked by outbreaks of rain with , but the weekend is set to be mostly dry .
Heavy snow across parts of the east caused travel disruption and led to cancellations in many places over the weekend , including the St Patrick 's festivities in the capital . The festival 's Bank Holiday Monday events were able to go ahead as planned .
In Wicklow , the Sally Gap and the Kilmacanogue/Roundwood Road remained impassable due to snowfall .
Bus transfers between Limerick Junction and Waterford continued to operate on Monday due to flooding on the rail line near Clonmel . Two Dublin bus routes also remained closed on Monday as a consequence of snow : route 65 which operated to Blessington only and route 44B which did not serve Glencullen .
AA Roadwatch has urged drivers to continue to take extra care on the icy roads and to remember that it takes up to 10 times longer to stop a car in ice or snow .
Extensive changes are in the offing at South Africa 's troubled state-owned companies as new Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan moves to tackle their many management and financial failings .
Power utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd. and several other state entities have been caught up in graft and management scandals over recent years and repeatedly called on the state to bail them out as their debt ballooned to unsustainable levels . Former union boss and business person Cyril Ramaphosa , who succeeded Jacob Zuma as president last month , appointed Gordhan , a two-time finance minister , as their point man to sort out the mess at six of the biggest companies .
“ Virtually every entity that we are supervising , or are responsible for , is going to have changes as far as the board is concerned , ” Gordhan said in a March 16 interview in Johannesburg . “ If you take out some of the negativity and some of the negative people , immediately your operations at that entity change . Your revenue changes , therefore your financial situation begins to actually improve . And then your financial credibility changes as well , so your ability to borrow changes . ”
New Executives
Gordhan , less than a month into their new role , has zeroed in on some of the most pressing issues facing not just the companies , but South Africa 's economy as well . Eskom , desperate to attract funding , will have new top executives by mid-April , while a sustainable solution is being sought to the financial predicament of the debt-ridden South African National Roads Agency SOC Ltd. that does n't burden the state , they said .
“ Every day , as we do the right things , and there 'll be more of that coming in the next three to four weeks , that will signal our intent , ” Gordhan said . “ I think we 're on the edge of a transition. ” If successful , then when state-owned companies ' debt matures , it could be refinanced , repaid or rolled over , they said .
One factor that could help boost investor sentiment toward state companies is if Moody 's Investors Service refrains from downgrading the nation 's rand-denominated debt to junk on Friday , according to Gordhan . Moody 's analysts were “ fairly positive ” about the political changes in South Africa and had met with the president -- something they 'd never been able to do while Zuma was in office , they said .
Bank Bonanza ?
While the government has begun discussing with financial institutions how they can assist the state companies , no tenders have gone out thus far . Banks have previously bid for a range of contracts , including the refinancing and restructuring of debt , stake sales , advisory services , syndicated loans and the listing of bonds .
The government wants to bring the state companies ' financial commitments “ into some coherent form , ” Gordhan said , without giving more detail . “ Right now , they 're all fragmented , so you 've got to move from fire fighting to more strategic understanding , ” they said .
An overhaul of the management of state companies and a move toward making them financially sustainable would further bolster business confidence , which has surged to its highest level in more than three years as a result of Zuma 's exit and Ramaphosa 's rise to power .
“ The bottom line is a new platform has been created , ” Gordhan said . “ There 's a palpable change in the atmosphere in the country and about the country as well . You build on the hope , on the optimism . ”
— With assistance by Antony Sguazzin , and Gordon Bell
Toronto Blue Jays catcher Russell Martin 55 ) hits a solo home run during the eight inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 in Toronto .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Costa confounds critics as Portuguese economy holds course
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Would you have been able to spot this if it was in your garage ?
A Sunshine Coast homeowner spotted an unwelcome guest outside the garage door last week .
When they returned to find it with a mate , the intruder had dissapeared .
They were unable to locate it , and it was eventually found lurking near the man 's possessions .
Advertisement
Lockie Gilding , of Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 , located the 1.8metre carpet python hiding between boxes .
×
`` I just picked them up , bagged them up , and took them to nearby bushland and released them into the bush , '' Gilding told the Sunshine Coast Daily .
Experts say this species of snake can go for months without food .
`` He was pretty and happy and relaxed , '' says Gilding , `` He would have just been happy to have a warm place . ''
While it may seem difficult to fill up some vacations with fun things to do , that is never a problem when you visit LasVegas . In fact , you may have the opposite problem – finding enough time to do all of the things that you want to do , no matter how long your trip . There is so much to do in Las Vegas and right outside of it that you could spend a lifetime finding new things to do in the area .
Unfortunately , you do n't have a lifetime to spend exploring the area , so you need to prioritize . One of the items that should be at the top of your priority list is taking a tour of the Grand Canyon and the Hoover Dam . These are two very important parts of the area for you to discover , and they 're two sights that will turn your vacation into a trip that you remember forever .
If you 're planning a trip to the Grand Canyon , then it 's worth it to find the best Grand Canyon tours possible from the Las Vegas area . Big Horn Wild West Tours offers a wide range of excellent tours for all kinds of travelers and different group sizes , and all of our Las Vegas tours are tailored to the size of your group and your interests . If you 'd like to learn more about us , then visit our website today at www.bighornwildwesttours.com .
About Our Company
Big Horn Wild West Tours is the best tour company for seeing the Hoover Dam , the Grand Canyon , and some of the other amazing areas that are right around Las Vegas . While other tours might offer you an interesting look at one of these amazing world wonders , we are the best tour company around because we cater to your needs . This includes offering a diverse array of tour options that you can customize to your interests . If you 're visiting the area , and you want to see the best parts of this part of the country , then booking a tour with Big Horn Wild West Tours is the only way to do it .
Get In Touch : -
Big Horn Tours
2657 Windmill Parkway # 357
Henderson , NV 89074 USA
Phone : 702.385.4676
Website : http : //bighornwildwesttours.com/
Market Scenario :
Touchless Sensing is an innovative method which allows users to interact with the devices thereby performing certain tasks without having any physical contact . Toucless sensing has emerged as very helpful method in IT industry and apart from IT industry , it has various applications in various industries .
Hygiene factor and technological advancement are some key drivers for this market . This market has been valued at USD high billion in the year 2015 , which is expected to grow at USD in a billion by the end of forecasted period .
Request a Sample @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1111
Major Key Players :
Eyesight Technologies Ltd. ( Israel )
Microsoft Corporation ( U.S . )
Qualcomm Inc. ( U.S . )
Microchip Technology Inc. ( U.S . )
Intel ( U.S . )
Elliptic Labs Inc. , ( Norway )
CogniVue Corporation , ( Canada )
InvenSense ( U.S . )
Crossmatch ( U.S . )
NXP Semiconductors ( Netherland )
Study Objective of Touchless Sensing Market
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Touchless Sensing Market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To analyze the Touchless Sensing market based on various factors- price analysis , supply chain analysis , porter 's five force analysis etc .
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America , Europe , Asia , and Rest of the World ( ROW )
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by Sensor , by Technology , by applications vertical and sub-segments .
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market , comprehensively analyzing their core competencies , and drawing a competitive landscape for the market
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures , strategic alliances , mergers and acquisitions , new product developments , and research and developments in the Global Touchless Sensing Market
Market Segmentation :
Segmentation by Sensor : Proximity & infrared sensors , image sensors among others .
Segmentation by Technology : Touch less bio-metric ( face recognition , eye recognition , touchless fingerprint recognition , voice recognition ) , touch-less sanitary equipment ( trashcans , hand dryers , flushes among others )
Segmentation by Application Vertical : BFSI , Government , Automotive , Healthcare , Consumer Electronics among others .
Regional Analysis :
Currently , Europe is dominating the market of touchless sensing market with the market share of due to the factor like hygiene standards . People of countries like UK , Spain , France believes in higher hygiene standards which is driving the market in these countries .
North America is stands as second biggest market in terms of revenue generation where US is leading . Currently , North America holds of market share which has been valued at USD high billion in the year 2015 .
Industry News
In June 2016 , NXP Semiconductors expanded the NFC portfolio for various applications .
In July , 2014 InvenSense Inc. acquired Movea which is toucless and motion sensing developer .
Americas
North America
US
Canada
Europe
Western Europe
Germany
France
Italy
Spain
K
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Asia– Pacific
Asia
China
India
Japan
South Korea
Rest of Asia
Pacific
Access Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/touchless-sensing-market-1111
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by products , services , technologies , applications , end users , and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Leading UK based Online Casino , Monster Casino is rumoured to be in talks with several leading football clubs in the UK for shirt sponsorship .
The spokesperson at Monster Casino confirmed the news , saying “ Yes , we have started an initial round of discussion with a few leading football clubs to be the main shirt sponsor for the upcoming season ”
They continued saying , “ The discussions are still in initial stages and it 's too early to reveal any further information at this stage . Once the deal goes through , we will make a formal announcement . Although , shirt sponsorship is not new in the gambling industry , but it is still a first for us and we are pretty excited about this marketing opportunity ” they added .
Interestingly , this would be the first time the brand is trying to market its website in the offline world . The brand is otherwise is well-known for its aggressive online promotions . This rumoured news has taken everybody by surprise and all are waiting for the outcome of the discussion .
Launched in the year 2016 , Monster casino has quickly climbed up to be one of the most popular online casino brands in the UK , thanks to it player centric approach and innovative marketing strategies .
Touted to be one of the fastest online casino websites out there , Monster casino had earlier set a world record for being the fastest online gambling portal . Backed by an excellent team of technical and marketing experts , Monster Casino has raised the bar in the online gaming industry with its unique offers and entertaining casino games .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Meet the new official “ champion ” of the Midlands .
Their name is James Brokenshire .
The 50-year-old Conservative MP is Secretary of State for Housing , Communities and Local Government .
But they also have another title . He 's the Ministerial Champion of the Midlands Engine - and yes , that is an official government position .
The role had been held by Sajid Javid , the MP for Bromsgrove , since it was created in 2015 .
Mr Javid was Business Secretary at the time . They went on to become Culture Secretary and Local Government Secretary , but kept their position as our official champion all that time .
Now , Mr Javid has moved on to become Home Secretary . And Mr Brokenshire has been passed the Midlands Engine baton .
The Midlands Engine is a government project similar to the Northern Powerhouse , the high-profile scheme once championed by George Osborne , the former Chancellor .
It involves both the West Midlands and the East Midlands . One of the goals is to encourage the two regions to work more closely together , and that includes improving transport links between them .
Apparently , Birmingham is stronger not only if it joins forces with Coventry , Wolverhampton and Dudley , but also if it forges links with Leicester , Nottingham and Derby .
There 's also a focus on encouraging local government , businesses and universities to join forces .
Businessman Sir John Peace , ex-chairperson of British fashion house Burberry , is the Midlands Engine chair .
And the target is to grow the Midlands economy by £54 billion by 2030 , “ to make the Midlands an even better place to live , work , study and do business ” .
Mr Brokenshire said : “ The economic success of every region of the UK is vital to the success of our country as a whole and this is going to be more important than ever once we leave the European Union .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
“ I am delighted to be the new Ministerial Champion for the Midlands Engine and to act as its advocate across government .
“ I look forward to working in partnership with Sir John Peace , Chair of the Midlands Engine , to drive forward the government 's plans to fire up the Midlands Engine to improve opportunities and quality of life across the region and to build an economy which works for everyone . ”
Who is Mr Brokenshire ? They were born in Essex , in 1968 , and studied at the University of Exeter ( the same university attended by Mr Javid ) .
He 's the MP for Old Bexley and Sidcup , on the border between London and Kent , and served as a Crime Minister , Immigration Minister and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland before becoming Local Government Secretary .
And it seems they have n't hesitated before getting stuck into their new role .
During a visit to Birmingham , where they spoke at the annual Local Government Association conference at the ICC , they helped Birmingham City University launch plans for the second phase of a new innovation centre , called the the STEAMHouse building , and paid a visit to the proposed site of the new HS2 station at Curzon Street .
The State is to double its financial commitment to an organisation providing education for some of the world 's most vulnerable children .
The Department of Foreign Affairs has announced its intention to contribute €25 million over three years to the Global Partnership for Education ( GPE ) , which is dedicated to delivering education to some of the most marginalised and vulnerable people in the world 's poorest countries .
The State 's commitment to the fund is to rise from €4 million to €8 million per year .
The GPE held a conference in Dakar , Senegal , on Friday , hosted by Senegal 's president Macky Sall and French president Emmanuel Macron .
Minister of State for International Development Ciarán Cannon , who attended the event , said the State was at the vanguard of countries prioritising the education of children in conflict situations , an area which is an increasing focus for the GPE .
“ Ireland believes that quality education is a fundamental right , ” Mr Cannon said . “ The education of girls , in particular , has far-reaching effects on family health [ and ] nutrition and empowers girls to prioritise the education of their children . ”
About 130 million girls worldwide are unable to attend school , according to a new analysis from the charity ONE , which has welcomed the State 's increased contribution .
It says the lack of a decent education results in 2,800 avoidable deaths in the poorest countries every day , which is a global emergency that demands an urgent international response .
ONE co-founder Jamie Drummond said the State 's commitment “ harks back to a great Irish tradition of spreading education in the poorest regions of our world – but also promises to modernise this legacy for the challenges of the 21st-century ” .
School attendance
GPE efforts have led to millions more children attending primary school and more girls remaining in education into secondary level .
Plan International Ireland , the children 's rights organisation , said there were currently 264 million children out of school worldwide .
Plan International Ireland chief executive Paul O'Brien said the State 's contributions will help ensure every child receives a quality basic education .
“ As a country that recognises the value of education it is encouraging to see the Irish Government making a commitment to education in the developing world . I hope other countries will take their lead and increase their pledge to education , ” they said .
Want a strong team ? This is what Mary Navarro said they have learned about creating one in their 42-year banking career . Navarro , who recently retired from Huntington , accepted a Lifetime Achievement award at the Most Powerful Women in Banking gala Thursday night .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has congratulated Angela Merkel on their 4th re-election as the German chancellor , calling for further expansion of cooperation in different fields .
`` I believe that old , friendly and constructive ties between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the German Federal Republic have provided the two countries with an appropriate opportunity to expand mutual relations more than ever , '' Rouhani said in a message to Merkel on Monday .
It is expected that the two countries would further improve relations based on mutual respect and common interests , they added .
The German chancellor , bruised by half a year of post-election coalition haggling , was elected by parliament to their fourth and likely final term at the helm of Europe 's biggest economy on Wednesday .
Lawmakers in Berlin 's glass-domed Reichstag voted 364-315 with nine abstentions for Merkel , who was then to be formally appointed by President Frank-Walter Steinmeier before taking the oath of office .
Also in their message , Rouhani hailed Germany 's `` constructive and influential '' role during the negotiations between Iran and major world powers on Tehran 's nuclear program which led to the conclusion of the landmark nuclear agreement , officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) , in 2015 .
The Iranian president called for the `` continuation of this approach to fully and successfully implement the JCPOA and counter illegitimate excessive [ demands ] in this regard . ''
Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council – the United States , France , Britain , Russia and China – plus Germany signed the nuclear agreement on July 14 , 2015 and started implementing it on January 16 , 2016 .
Under the JCPOA , Iran undertook to put limits on its nuclear program in exchange for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions imposed against Tehran .
Rouhani also urged joint cooperation on regional and international issues `` given increasing global threats in areas such as the environment , terrorism , regional crises and unilateralism . ''
On Tuesday , the U.S. Supreme Court ruling on Shelby County v. Holder struck down a key part of the Voting Rights Act , which was designed to prevent discrimination in voting .
Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , released the following statement in response to the decision :
“ I am incredibly disappointed in this morning 's decision from the U.S. Supreme Court . We need to protect essential rights , especially when people are headed to the polls , and the ruling issued this morning weakens that effort . Clearly , Congress must now act quickly to strengthen this vital legislation — as we have done before — to ensure that all Americans can exercise their right to vote without discriminatory barriers in their way .
“ For decades minorities in large parts of the country had been disenfranchised in the voting process and the Voting Rights Act was adopted to address that problem . Provisions in the law that ensure state officials can not adopt new discriminatory voting procedures — in advance of their adoption — have been critical in curbing the disenfranchisement of voters in areas with a long history of discrimination .
“ While today 's ruling is a setback , I hope it will allow us to reflect on how far we 've come and to rededicate ourselves to the promotion of civil rights for all Americans . We must continue to move forward on voting rights and civil rights , not backward . ”
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 , a landmark piece of legislation , disallowed discriminatory voting practices and opened the door to make it easier for minorities to vote . In 2006 , with wide bipartisan support a Republican-led Congress voted to reauthorize the act , which was signed into law by President George W. Bush .
The court found Tuesday morning that while this particular section of the law , which required certain states with a history of discrimination to receive clearance from the federal government prior to implementing any change affecting voting , was still permissible , the maps that designated which localities would be affected by this oversight were not , essentially rendering the pre-clearance option inoperable .
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara .
LSoft Technologies is proud to present the latest edition of its popular password-recovery software for Windows . Active @ Password Changer 9.0.1 sports many tweaks and improvements , including increased stability and functionality when working with damaged disks . There is also an improved boot disk creator , and the recovery kernel has been updated to the latest version along with new versions of related software Boot Disk and LiveCD .
If you 've ever lost an important password or found yourself unable to get into your computer because someone else changed the admin password , then you 're not alone . In fact , it is a very common problem that most of us face sooner or later . However , with the user-friendly Active @ Password Changer on your side , you will be able to regain access to your local and administrator accounts on Windows Vista , 7 , 8 and , of course , the current Windows 10 . No longer will you need to worry about installing Windows again from scratch and losing all your important data in the process .
Using Active @ Password Changer could n't be easier . Thanks to the intuitive , wizard-driven interface , it provides a simple step-by-step routine that always keeps you in the loop – no technical expertise is necessary ! Thanks to the most recent update , it also works better and faster than ever before . In fact , most passwords can be recovered within a few minutes . Furthermore , many minor issues have been fixed , and the user interface is looking more polished than ever . If you 're ready to get started , pay a visit to http : //password-changer.com today .
If North Korea 's nukes do n't scare you , take a look at its biological weapons The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse — Pestilence , War , Famine and Death — gallop through the Book of Revelation , and they 've put in plenty of grim appearances elsewhere . Lately they 've ...
North Korea soldier who defected had immunity to anthrax A North Korean soldier who defected to the South was found to have antibodies to anthrax — triggering concerns that the rogue regime has weaponized the deadly bacteria , according to ...
More than 100 hippos dead in suspected anthrax outbreak A sudden hippo die-off has sparked fears of an anthrax outbreak in Namibia . “ Over 100 hippos died in the past week . The cause of death is unknown but the signs ...
Anthrax outbreak in Russia kills child , sends dozens to hospital MOSCOW — A child has died of anthrax in Siberia in the first fatal outbreak of the bacterial disease reported in Russia in 75 years , the regional governor 's office said ...
CDC mishandled bioterror germs A laboratory operated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) had its permit suspended for three years for violating federal safety rules in its handling of bioterror pathogens , ...
Oops ! Pentagon accidentally shipped more live anthrax than they thought The number of shipments of potentially live anthrax spores sent by mistake over the past decade now stands at 51 .
US shipped live anthrax to nine states The US Department of Defense inadvertently shipped live anthrax spores to as many as nine labs across the country , but officials insisted Wednesday that no one would be harmed by ...
Bacteria-filled subways leave riders feeling queasy Straphangers are worried sick over a new study that found traces of the bubonic plague and other bacteria — including ones that cause meningitis and staph infections — in the ...
Scientist finds lost vials of 'extinct ' smallpox virus ATLANTA — A government scientist cleaning out an old storage room at a research center near Washington made a startling discovery last week — decades-old vials of smallpox packed away ...
Below is the obituary written by the Times last Friday of my favourite political opponent , Peter Clarke , who died recently was the most entertaining and delightfully outrageous Tory of their epoch . The Times drew heavily on a blog I wrote about them a few years ago while including some fascinating new insights into Peter 's relationships and alleged relationships with women . If only more Tories were like him .
My favourite opponent ,
In 1997 the Newport West Tory candidate was Peter Clarke . I was sorry to hear today from the Times newspaper that they had died . Tomorrow they will include some of the blog below in their account of their fascinating life .
A few days after they were adopted I raised a point or Order in the Commons about an article they had written in the Scottish Edition of The Sunday Times ,
“ It is many years since anyone was called to the Bar of the House , but Erskine May makes clear your powers to summons here those who besmirch the good names of members . Have you read , Madam Speaker , the attack on the Secretary of State for Wales ( William Hague ) in which they were unfairly described as ‘ deluded ' and ‘ simple ' , for their fine work in bringing 6,000 Korean jobs to Wales they were accused of ‘ pimping for Britain . '
Will you now call to the bar of the House and insist on an apology from the Conservative candidate for Newport West . ? ”
There were better things to come from the colourful Mr Clarke . They had been a candidate before and amazed party and public .
Peterclarke Standing in East Lothian in 1987 they advocated , declaring war on South Africa , the privatisation of police and fire brigades , lowering the school leaving age to twelve , ending all dole or social security payments , the abolition of all local councils , a tax on golf , and the demolition of all un-sold council houses . They said ‘ General Pinochet must be our inspiration ' and that ‘ Enoch Powell is the greatest Welshman of all time ' . They described Mrs Thatcher 's conduct on the Anglo Irish Agreement as ‘ treacherous and foolish ' and threatened to stand as an Orangeman 's candidate in East Lothian . They also volunteered to serve in the American Cavalry but they were rejected .
There was only one public debate at St Mark 's Church in the heart of Newport in the 1997 election . Arthur Scargill was one of speakers as a candidate in Newport East . Arthur 's plan to double pensions next Thursday seemed measured and reasonable compared with Clarke novel remedy .
Their answer to pensioner poverty was to ship all the pensioners to Eritrea . The audience were white faced with shock . They did not spend enough time explaining the advantages to the elderly . On a British state pension someone in Eritrea could afford the best mud hut in the village or the finest meal of locusts that money could buy .
Davies moaned that life was unbearable in the Conservative Party office surrounded by octogenarian ladies reminiscing about when they were canvassing for Stanley Baldwin .
In Wales on Sunday on the April 27th , four days before polling day , Peter Clarke complained that they had been the victim of menacing phone calls . They were the latest in a series of incidents since ‘ he helped fund a manifesto produced by Scottish Conservative Students that advocated a relaxation of the incest laws . '
Wales on Sunday quoted them saying ‘ Malicious and unfounded allegations that I am a paedophile have followed me around ever since . The reason I am standing in Newport is that I am barred from standing in Scotland , where I am from , because of these malicious allegations . ' On Sundays the Labour Campaign in Newport West meet to discuss the week 's strategy . After reading the Wales on Sunday on April 27th many of our team decamped to the marginal seat of Monmouth .
The Labour majority doubled in Newport West to a record 14,800 . Monmouth was gained for Labour from Tory Roger Evans . Thanks , Peter .
Will ye no come back again ?
Times Obituary
Conservative Party maverick married to Teresa Gorman MP and embroiled in a libel action over the relaxation of incest laws
Clarke claimed they were blackballed because their policies were ahead of their time .
Peter Clarke belonged to a wing of the Conservative Party perhaps best described as “ swivel-eyed ” . They advocated privatising police forces and fire brigades , lowering the school leaving age to 12 , removing all social security and unemployment benefits , abolishing local councils , taxing golf , demolishing unsold council houses and declaring war on South Africa .
In 1986 they told the Conservative Party conference that “ General Pinochet must be our inspiration ” . On other occasions they declared that Enoch Powell , their political hero , was “ the greatest Welshman of all time ” ; William Hague , the Welsh secretary , was “ pimping for Britain ” by bringing 6,000 Korean jobs to Wales ; Margaret Thatcher 's conduct on the Anglo-Irish agreement was “ treacherous and foolish ” ; and the answer to pensioner poverty was to ship the elderly to Eritrea where on a British state pension they “ could afford the best mud hut in the village or the finest meal of locusts that money could buy ” .
Between dreaming up these policies they claimed to have had an affair with Edwina Currie at the same time as their relationship with John Major , alleging that they seduced them with the line : “ Would you like to come and see my Peak District ? ” Clarke , who at the time was a speechwriter for Sir Keith Joseph , the education secretary , said they ended the affair because of sheer physical fatigue : “ She was quite athletic . I just closed my eyes and thought of Scotland. ” Currie denied knowing him .
More seriously they won a pyrrhic victory to clear their name after allegations surfaced that they had advocated a relaxation of incest laws . In 1986 they had agreed to donate £200 to the Federation of Conservative Students to help to pay for the printing costs of a pamphlet that , unbeknown to him , included proposals to bring certain Scottish and English laws into line regarding sexual relationships . Clarke insisted that they were unaware of the contents of the pamphlet . However , their many political enemies — both inside and outside the party — spotted the word “ incest ” , saw an opportunity and took it .
When the allegation was repeated once too often they successfully sued The Independent over an article published in 1989 , winning £20,000 damages . However , they were left with a bill for costs of £600,000 that effectively ruined him . They lost their home and there was no money to pay for the many other libel actions that they believed should be pursued . Despite their court vindication , it was a long time until a local party would touch him . They claimed to have been blackballed , arguing that the Conservative high command was waging a dirty tricks war against them because they were ahead of their time with their maverick policies . “ I am still crushed by a matter the Tory party could have resolved in ten minutes ' diligence , ” they said in 2006 .
Peter Derek Clarke was born in April 1947 in Venice where their father , Derek , a major in the Royal Signals , was posted . Their mother , Denholm ( née Pearson ) , was from Glasgow and Peter went to prep school in Scotland . They were educated at Loughborough Grammar School and spent a year at the University of Bradford before signing on for PPE at the University of Leeds and taking a masters at Balliol College , Oxford .
They became a tutor at Swinton Conservative College near Ripon , North Yorkshire , and in 1973 was selected as the Tory candidate for the safe Labour seat of Houghton-le-Spring , Co Durham , although did not stand at the 1974 election . In 1972 they had been appointed political secretary to Powell and spent some time at Ulster Unionist party headquarters , from whence came their views on Thatcher 's “ treachery ” . At various times they worked for the BBC , Private Eye and The Scotsman .
In 1975 Clarke married Gillian Strickland , one of the first female reporters at ITN . They had two sons , Alex and Rory , both of whom are in poor health . Gillian died in 2005 and in 2010 they married Teresa Gorman ( obituary August 31 , 2015 ) , an unashamedly populist and rightwing Tory MP who was 16 years their senior . Newly widowed , they had placed an advert in Private Eye reading : “ Old trout seeks old goat . No golfers . Must have own balls. ” They received 128 replies , although Clarke denied being one of the respondents . They described them as “ very good at looking after things . . . it 's like having a butler ” .
In 1986 , while working for Lord Hanson 's Businessmen for Britain campaign , Clarke was selected as the Conservative parliamentary candidate for the rural East Lothian constituency , but stepped down at about the same time as the incest allegations surfaced , later saying that they had done so because their wife was ill and Lord Hanson had terminated their employment . They were selected to stand for the Tories at Newport West in 1997 , although they claimed that their agent received a call from party headquarters urging that they be dropped quietly and discreetly . The agent , assuming it was a slur on their sexuality , replied : “ Do n't worry , duckie , we 're all perverts here . ”
They told Channel 4 : ‘ My buttocks are smooth , my mind is clear , vote Ukip '
It was during this campaign that they put forward their policy on pensioner poverty during the sole public debate . Arthur Scargill , the former leader of the National Union of Mineworkers and a candidate in the neighbouring constituency , also spoke . Paul Flynn , the Labour MP who has held the seat since 1987 , later recalled : “ Arthur 's plan to double pensions ‘ next Thursday ' seemed measured and reasonable compared with Clarke 's novel remedy . ”
When not fighting their political and legal battles Clarke had a passion for restoring wild animals to the countryside and old houses to their former glory . They helped to found the Wild Beasts Trust in 2006 , seeking to reintroduce wolves , bears and lemmings to the British countryside , arguing that they were harmless creatures . “ Everyone has Little Red Riding Hood in their mental furniture , but that is far from the reality ” they declared of those who feared ending up inside a wolf 's stomach .
The houses were less problematic . Their first was Powrie Castle , a 16th- century pile near Dundee . Strickland had won it shortly after their marriage in a competition run by the National Trust for Scotland . They then turned their attention to the old manse at Kirton Manor , near Peebles , but they had to sell up after Clarke 's battle with The Independent . Finally , they restored Kirkhope Tower in the Borders .
At the last election they were doorstepped in Essex by Channel 4 News . They told Michael Crick that they had abandoned the Conservatives , adding for good measure : “ My buttocks are smooth , my mind is clear , vote Ukip . ”
Peter Clarke , journalist and political activist , was born on April 16 , 1947 . They died from suspected heart failure on January 24 , 2017 , aged 69
The comedian and Shaifali Puri wed in an interfaith Hindu/Muslim ceremony in Atlanta over the weekend .
There 's a scene in HBO 's new comedy series “ The Brink , ” in which Aasif Mandvi — playing a driver for a government operative in Pakistan — begs an ambassador to save ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Coronation Street star Michelle Keegan has said `` never say never '' about a return to the cobbles .
The actor , who now plays a soldier in the BBC drama Our Girl , played Tina McIntyre in the ITV soap between 2008 and 2014 .
They told the Press Association : `` I always say that I 'd love to go back to Corrie - I was always a massive fan of Coronation Street growing up and I 'll never say never .
`` You never know what happens in the future . ''
Speaking at the launch of their collection for fashion brand Very , they said their husband Mark Wright was unable to attend but would be watching a video of the catwalk show .
They said : `` He 's in LA . I did speak to them actually this morning , they did really wish they could be here but I said I 'm gon na film it ( on my phone ) and I 'll send it over to him . ''
Keegan themselves is also auditioning in Los Angeles , adding : `` It 's going really well . I have an agent out there so I 'm constantly in contact with him .
`` And the beauty of my profession is that you do n't actually have to be in LA to audition . You self-tape and you send it over .
`` So it 's great to meet directors and casting directors face to face but I also self-tape as well . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Architecture practices which worked on the Eden Project and Gateshead Millennium Bridge have been named among new design teams to deliver the HS2 stations in Birmingham and Solihull .
Grimshaw and Wilkinson Eyre , whose UK offices are both in London , will be part of a group of designers and engineers to lead construction of the new stations in Curzon Street , Birmingham , and Birmingham Interchange close to the NEC and airport .
The following designers will be awarded contracts to help develop and refine the detailed plans for the two stations which are due to open in 2026 :
* Birmingham Curzon Street - WSP UK working with Grimshaw
* Birmingham Interchange - Ove Arup & Partners International working with Arup Associates and Wilkinson Eyre
Other projects completed by members of these newly announced teams include Bijlmer Arena station in the Netherlands and the refurbishment of King 's Cross station in London .
HS2 chief executive Mark Thurston said : `` Our new stations in Birmingham and Solihull will be at the heart of the first phase of the project , increasing capacity , improving journeys and helping to unlock opportunities for tens of thousands of new jobs and homes around what will be two new landmark buildings .
`` That 's why I 'm delighted to welcome these talented designers to the team and we look forward to working with them to create station designs which showcase world-class architecture , ease of use and value for money that our passengers and communities expect and deserve . ''
The new HS2 stations will be designed with input from local communities , using best practice principles from stations around the world , and guidelines and specifications endorsed by an independent panel of architects and designers .
The two station developments form part of wider regeneration projects which are expected to create 50,000 jobs in Birmingham and Solihull .
West Midlands Mayor Andy Street added : `` The decision to appoint the teams to design the HS2 stations is an important step for a project which will have a truly transformational impact on the West Midlands .
`` In addition to the connectivity and economic benefits of the investment in high-speed rail infrastructure , the stations will play a key part in the future growth of the city .
`` The stations will be so much more than a place to catch trains - they will be a catalyst , a gateway and a symbol of our resurgent region . ''
A separate process to appoint firms to build Curzon Street and Interchange will begin later in the year .
Trump takes dig at Rahm Emanuel over Chicago homicides
hello
NEW YORK -- President-elect Donald Trump is taking a dig at Rahm Emanuel , Chicago 's mayor and President Barack Obama 's former chief of staff , about the city 's rising homicide tally .
The nation 's third-largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 - the most in two decades and more than the largest cities , New York and Los Angeles , combined . The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015 . The statistics have put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence .
Trump noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter , writing Monday : `` If Mayor ca n't do it they must ask for federal help ! ''
Emanuel did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Charles Leclerc says it 's too early to dream about a future at Ferrari .
The reigning Formula 2 champion is backed by Ferrari , and has been placed at the new Alfa Romeo-sponsored Sauber team for their F1 debut in 2018 .
But when asked if they are eyeing Kimi Raikkonen 's Ferrari seat for 2019 , they told RMC : `` Honestly , no .
`` It 's so big a dream that for now I ca n't imagine it as a reality .
`` So I 'm going to focus on 2018 , which is very important for me . It 's my first season and I have to prove myself , '' Leclerc added .
`` I do have very close ties with Ferrari , I 'm one of their drivers so they 're watching me , but I am not thinking about 2019 . ''
However , the 20-year-old may actually be quite close to making their Ferrari debut , with Blick newspaper reporting that Leclerc is the Maranello team 's 2018 reserve driver .
`` I have no idea if I 'll get the Ferrari seat in an emergency , '' Leclerc insisted . `` If they asked me it would be a dream come true , but for now I 'm driving for Alfa-Sauber . ''
Ordinary Kiwis have been locked out of three of the All Blacks ' Northern Hemisphere test matches in November , unless they can stump up thousands for tour packages or scalped tickets .
Because none of the 82,000 tickets at London 's Twickenham Stadium have been released to the general public , the only option locally is through the New Zealand Rugby Union 's official travel company where prices for the November 10 match and accommodation start at $ 2095 .
This includes the cost of a ticket – the highest ever being charged by England 's Rugby Football Union outside a World Cup fixture at £195 [ $ NZD379.50 ] – two nights at 4-star hotel Radisson Blu Kenilworth , and a $ 700 `` single room supplement '' charge .
For two adults buying the same package the cost is $ 2790 .
Advertisement
An online enquiry made by the Herald on July 2 for a double room at Radisson Blu shows a booking for November 10 and 11 would cost $ 678 . Those rates have been steadily climbing since earlier this year .
Together with two tickets to the game , the difference is $ 1353 .
However All Blacks Tours general manager David Caldwell said the extra money pays for hidden fees including securing a block booking of hotel rooms up to a year in advance of the tour .
Caldwell said All Blacks Tours was not permitted by New Zealand Rugby to sell match tickets only , to prevent price-gouging on scalped tickets .
Making the tickets even more unattainable was the fact only 500 per game had been released to New Zealand Rugby from the Northern Hemisphere unions .
The rest go to schools , clubs and sponsors there .
Caldwell sympathised with Kiwi rugby fans and said `` watching England and the All Blacks at Twickenham is sort of bucket list stuff '' .
They said this tour had been the most popular ever sold .
Kelvin Nathan wants to see the All Blacks play in Ireland but fewer than 500 tickets were allocated to New Zealand for the match and can only be bought with accommodation . Photo / Supplied
All packages for the November 17 match against the Irish in Dublin are sold out and only a couple of weekend packages remain for the England match and the game against Italy on November 24 .
The only other option on the website is for a `` northern tour experience '' taking in the three games , 18 nights ' accommodation in England , Ireland and Italy and including various tourist highlights , for $ 14,295 for a single person or $ 22,590 for two people .
It is in stark contrast to the price of flights to the UK , currently at one of the lowest points in 20 years at $ 1300 return to London .
On the secondary market in London tickets hover around $ 1000 each via sites such as Viagogo , which made headlines last year after scalpers were found selling numerous copies of the same tickets .
The English RFU says on its website it takes the issue of black-market tickets seriously and is doing everything in its power to curtail unofficial sales through street touting and scalping sites such as Viagogo , eBay , Stub Hub , Seatwave and Get Me In .
Taranaki rugby fan Kelvin Nathan said they had been on two All Blacks supporter tours previously but this year they only wanted tickets .
The 57-year-old really wanted to see the All Blacks play in Ireland `` but those packages sold out ages ago '' .
`` I 'm waiting to hear back from a friend over there , otherwise I 'll be watching it on TV like everybody else . ''
The Irish RFU said if tickets were returned they would be released to supporters and lastly the general public , but that was unlikely because Irish home matches were highly anticipated .
Retired Hamilton lawyer and rugby fan Paul Clark has spent almost five months trying to source tickets to the England and Ireland tests which coincided with a holiday to the UK .
`` We 've made exhaustive enquiries directly to the Irish rugby union who replied and said they distributed tickets to clubs and schools and did not have any allocation , that we should try locally , '' Clark , 69 , said .
`` The New Zealand All Blacks Tours have got tickets , but you have to buy weekender packages . I do n't think it 's fair .
`` There must be a lot of people in our situation who are going to be over there , who have their own accommodation and would like to go but ca n't unless we buy a package of two nights ' accommodation .
`` Kiwis are very mobile these days . We like to travel and this is something I wanted to do on my bucket list , to see the All Blacks play England at Twickenham and Ireland at Lansdowne Rd [ Aviva Stadium ] . ''
WASHINGTON ( AP ) `` The Latest on the Federal Reserve 's monetary policy meeting ( all times local ) :
4:35 a.m .
World stock markets and the dollar are firm ahead of an expected interest rate increase by the U.S. Federal Reserve .
Germany 's DAX index is up 0.4 percent and Britain 's FTSE 100 0.1 percent . In Asia , Japan 's Nikkei 225 ended the day marginally lower . Some gains are expected on Wall Street later , with the futures for both the Dow and S & P 500 up 0.1 percent .
Advertisement
In currency markets , the dollar is up to 110.22 yen from Tuesday 's 110.04 yen . It is roughly flat against the pound , at $ 1.2758 .
The U.S. central bank is widely predicted to nudge up its benchmark rate by a quarter point on Wednesday , to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent .
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lanxess ( Germany ) , Royal Dutch Shell plc ( the Netherlands ) , Total S.A. ( France ) , Eni S.p.A. ( Italy ) , Gazpromneft Lubricants ( Russia ) , ATDM ( Iran ) , ATDM ( Iran ) , Halliburton ( U.S. ) , Nynas ( Sweden ) , CPC Coproration ( China ) . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-treated-distillate-aromatic-extracts-tdae-market/10366/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Low Purity , Middle Purity , High Purity .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Tires & Tubes , Belting & Hoses , Battery Containers , Extruded Products , Others .
Key Highlights Of The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-treated-distillate-aromatic-extracts-tdae-market/10366/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts ( TDAE ) industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Grand County 's Edward Jones associates recently welcomed a new face to the local Granby office . Colorado native Casey Chandler started their new role as an Edward Jones financial advisor on Sept. 1 , joining Jan Knisley and Robert Cox as financial advisors in Grand County for Missouri based investment financial services firm .
Chandler , who grew up in one of Colorado 's rural enclaves near Niwot , is a graduate of Colorado State University . They have been with Edward Jones for roughly one full year now and recently completed Edward Jones ' intensive six-month financial advisor career development program , based in Tempe .
`` Edward Jones prides itself on providing the best service possible to those investors who choose to do business with us , '' Jan Knisley , financial advisor at Edward Jones ' Granby office , stated . `` Casey will help provide the high level of service investors in Grand County have come to expect from us as well as extend our services to new investors . ''
Chandler is a recent transplant to Grand County and moved to the area at the beginning of September to tackle them not role .
“ Edward Jones prides itself on providing the best service possible to those investors who choose to do business with us . ”
— Jan Knisley
`` I really see the value of working with individuals in the community , '' Chandler said . `` So when the time comes , whatever a person 's goals may be , we are here to support them and guide them . This is one of the most rewarding jobs in the world . I love what Edward Jones does .
Escalating demand in the usage of smartphones is anticipated to influence the growth of worldwide mobile mapping market during the forecast period 2017-2022 . To summarize these developments , Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) has appended a first-hand research publication to its extensive research database . The report indicates that the international mobile mapping market has been projected to reach about US $ 12 Bn in value towards the close of 2017 and the market is anticipated to expand at 13.7 % CAGR over the period of assessment from 2017 till 2022 ; reaching a market valuation of approximately US $ 24 Bn towards the close of 2022 . The report suggests that the worldwide market for mobile mapping will register healthy growth in the coming years .
Get Free Sample Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/sample/3900
Advance Technology Satellite Positioning to Fuel the Mobile Mapping Market
The major factors responsible for the development of the international mobile mapping market have been included in this study . The report also presents a complete synopsis of the key restraints and drivers impacting the market to help key stakeholders to formulate business strategies to enhance their growth in the global market . The report also gives a gist of the possibilities in the mobile mapping market globally . Key developments in the application segment of the mobile mapping market , which further leads to advancement of technologies in satellites positioning systems is referred to as the key driver for overall growth in revenue in the market . The increase in the use of mobile mapping technologies through smartphone is expected to fuel the growth of mobile mapping market during the assessed period . On the basis of primary and secondary data collected from the prominent industry sources , the report also offers industry standard methodical models to review the development of the market for mobile mapping during the period of study .
Global Mobile Mapping Market : Segmental Analysis
This study categorizes the global market for mobile mapping by solution and basis end-use industry . Basis solution , this report further bifurcates the worldwide mobile mapping market as location based services , 3D mapping , indoor mapping , as well as others . In the end use category , the market is divided into government , telecommunication and others . Based on region , the market for mobile mapping is further segmented into the Middle East & Africa , North America , Japan , Europe , & Asia Pacific excluding Japan . This report also highlights the past development aspects of segments in the market globally , which is further helpful for the reader to understand the present development scenario of various market segments during the period of assessment from 2017 to 2022 .
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https : //www.mrrse.com/mobile-mapping-market
Global Mobile Mapping Market : Key Players
This research publication presents a list of the key dominating players functioning in the mobile mapping market such as Leica Geosystems Inc. , Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson , Microsoft Corporation , Google Inc. , Garmin International , Apple Inc. , Qualcomm Inc. , OSI Geospatial Inc. , Mitsubishi Electric Corporation , and Tomtom NV . The report also gives brief synopsis of the current market strategies of these key players that will uplift the growth of mobile mapping market in the coming years .
Enquire About this Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3900
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports . MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice . Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title , geographical region , publisher , or other keywords .
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research . MRRSE 's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research , be it competitive intelligence , product or service trends or strategic consulting .
Contact
State Tower
90 , State Street
Suite 700
Albany , NY – 12207
United States
Telephone : +1-518-730-0559
Email : sales @ mrrse.com
Website : https : //www.mrrse.com/
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. - More controversy is brewing after federal authorities recently detained another person aboard a Greyhound bus .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials said Border Patrol agents routinely conduct law enforcement activities at transportation hubs as part of a layered approach to preventing illegal aliens from traveling farther into the U.S .
Authorities said those agents operate within 100 air miles of the border and do not need a warrant to board a rail car , aircraft or vehicle to search for undocumented people .
Meanwhile , support for the Miami Beach man who was arrested is only growing .
`` He had texted me that they were on the bus , and then from that point on , I was n't able to reach him , '' L.A. Brickner told Local 10 News .
Brickner identified the man who was arrested as 33-year-old Andrew Anderson .
`` ( He 's ) just a very friendly and loving kind of guy , '' Brickner said . `` We 're pretty much best friends . ''
Brickner said Anderson is a business owner and former volunteer firefighter . They said their friend was on their way to visit them in North Captiva when they were arrested Jan. 25 .
`` I 've talked to them on the phone , and at times , he 's able to joke , and at times , they just cries . And most of the time , he 's just overwhelmed with what steps they personally need to take , '' Brickner said .
Brickner said Anderson came to Florida 14 years ago from Trinidad .
CBP officials said they had overstayed their crewman visa and was here illegally .
They were identified during an immigration inspection at the Fort Lauderdale Greyhound bus station .
`` He feels targeted . They feel like they came directly to him , '' Elizabeth Fernandez , of the Florida Immigrant Coalition , said . `` He 's never got into trouble for anything . ''
The Florida Immigrant Coalition shared video of the arrest to raise awareness .
`` This practice is happening , '' Fernandez said . 'It 's been happening for a while , and it 's gotten much , much worse . ''
Along with support from the coalition , more than 300 people now follow the `` Friends of Andrew '' Facebook page .
A GoFundMe account created to help in their legal fight has already passed its $ 5,000 goal .
`` We 're all being told that there are these bad hombres out there from s * * * hole countries , '' Brickner said . `` It 's sort of a round them all up and deport them , without thought to whether they 're someone who 's really adding to the community . ''
CBP officials said a Jamaican woman was arrested at the same bus station just days before Anderson was for overstaying their tourist visa .
They and Anderson were held in Broward County by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Removal Operations .
Friends are planning to visit Anderson in the coming days .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Dell 's UltraSharp monitors have earned a stellar reputation among professionals , enthusiasts and others with deep pockets ( and for good reason – they 're pretty fantastic ) . The latest addition to the family looks like it 'll be right at home among its peers .
The Dell UltraSharp 38 Curved Monitor ( U3818DW ) is the company 's first 37.5-inch ultrawide curved screen monitor . Dell says its panoramic WQHD screen delivers approximately 25 percent more viewing content than a 34-inch WQHD 21:9 monitor , making it ideal for financial customers , engineers and others that value loads of screen real estate .
Dell notes that it 's possible to view applications between two PCs simultaneously and manage content with a single keyboard and mouse thanks to the built-in KVM feature . There 's also Picture-in-Picture and Picture-by-Picture technology should you have a use for those .
The UltraSharp 38 includes integrated dual 9W speakers and USB Type-C connectivity for transmitting power , audio and video while 99 percent sRGB factory calibration delivers accurate colors fresh out of the box without having to tweak any settings .
We 've reached out to Dell for more information and will update this article accordingly when we hear back . In the meantime , feel free to check out my review of the UltraSharp 4K UP3216Q 32-inch monitor to get an idea of what the UltraSharp line is capable of .
The Dell UltraSharp 38 Curved Monitor ( U3818DW ) goes on sale June 23 via Dell 's website . Expect to pay $ 1,499 for the opportunity .
Creditors of Croatian food and retail conglomerate Agrokor voted on Wednesday to accept a debt resettlement deal that averts bankruptcy for the largest private company in the Balkans .
The deal , which consists of converting debt to equity and loan write-offs , looks set to stabilise the company , whose €6.5bn annual sales are equivalent to roughly 15 per cent of Croatia 's gross domestic product . Claims submitted against Agrokor are valued at 58bn Kuna ( €7.8bn ) , racked up during a period of debt-fuelled expansion .
Agrokor employs 52,500 people in Croatia , Slovenia , Serbia , Bosnia-Herzegovina and Hungary , and supports many more jobs at suppliers . Its retail , food and agricultural conglomerate 's tax contribution makes up 3.5 per cent of the Croatian national budget .
Its fate has dominated headlines in Croatia since its collapse in early 2017 and its placement under state administration in April that year as authorities sought to keep the company afloat . Prosecutors are investigating former Agrokor president Ivica Todorić and 14 others for allegedly fraudulent financial statements and concealing mounting losses at the group .
To save the company , about 450 representatives of more than 3,000 creditors piled in to Zagreb 's Dražen Petrović basketball arena for the biggest court hearing in Croatia 's history . Eighty per cent of shareholders , including Russian banks Sberbank and VTB , which together will own 46.7 per cent of the company , voted to approve the 7,300 page settlement plan .
Bondholders will receive 25.9 per cent of the group , 15.3 per cent will go to Croatian financial institutions and the rest will go to suppliers .
The vote came just a week before the deadline for its rescue as stipulated in a special law passed to avert bankruptcy . The so-called Lex Agrokor placed the company under emergency supervision of a state-appointed management for what administrator Fabris Peruško called “ one of the most demanding financial restructuring processes in the world at the present ” .
“ It is a big day for the local and regional economy , ” Mr Peruško told the Financial Times after the vote . “ We are especially proud that we have already undergone a major structural change of Agrokor and all of its companies , which are no longer a generator of illiquidity and bad practices of corporate governance . ”
They added that after a short appeal period , the deal would be implemented within six months .
Mr Peruško sought to allay concerns that Russia would have a lever to pressure the EU 's newest member state because of its bank 's large stake in Agrokor , saying that “ Russian banks , and Sberbank in particular , were very constructive and helpful during the last four months of extraordinary administration ” . They added : “ What is important for them , not only the banks but for all creditors , is that assets owned by the company have a much lower value than the claims . ”
A judge at a London court ordered Mr Todorić 's extradition in April this year , but they have so far failed to return to Croatia .
Industrial banks continue to be objects of mystery among federal policymakers , sparking misinformation . As the interest of fintech firms in the banking system brings a focus on the IB charter once again to Washington , it seems necessary to dispel a few common misconceptions .
Industrial loan companies — as IBs are known in federal statute — have been part of the American financial system since the early 1900s , and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. has been insuring them since 1982 . Among several states that allow the charter , Utah has 15 FDIC-insured industrial banks operating and Nevada has four . Companies that own an IB are exempt from the Bank Holding Company Act . This means they do not have to register for Federal Reserve supervision , although some have become bank holding companies voluntarily . It also means that nonfinancial companies can own an IB .
The criticism of the IB charter is rife with mischaracterizations and some outright lies . In truth , IBs have consistently been the nation 's best-capitalized , most profitable group of banks since the 1980s .
Utah is home to 15 FDIC-insured industrial banks , more than any other state . Criticism of the IB charter is rife with mischaracterizations . In truth , IBs have consistently been the nation 's best-capitalized banks . Bloomberg News
Here are six myths about the charter corrected :
Myth 1 : The exemption from the BHCA for owners of an industrial bank is a loophole that circumvents congressional intent .
The Competitive Equality Banking Act of 1987 included an express exemption to the Bank Holding Company Act for industrial banks . It could not be clearer that Congress intended to allow diversified companies to own industrial banks .
Myth 2 : IBs operate under different standards than those of other banks .
In fact , the Federal Deposit Insurance Act classifies industrial banks as “ state nonmember banks , ” the same designation it uses for all state-chartered commercial banks not supervised by the Fed . Like other traditional state-chartered banks , IBs are supervised and regulated by both the FDIC and the state chartering authority , and comply with the same federal laws .
Myth 3 : Industrial bank owners and affiliates are not regulated .
IB parents and affiliates are regulated . The main difference is who regulates them and which businesses IB parents are allowed to pursue .
Under a BHC structure , a company often faces more than one federal regulator ( in addition to a state regulator ) : the Fed for the holding company and a different agency for the bank .
But an IB 's parents and affiliates are supervised by the IB 's regulators in coordination with their supervision of the bank . The IB 's regulators can examine affiliates , require information , issue cease-and-desist orders , assess civil money penalties and ban `` institution-affiliated parties '' from participating in a bank 's business . The owners of an IB must serve as a `` source of strength '' to the bank , and typically sign contracts with the FDIC that commit to providing additional capital and liquidity to the bank whenever needed .
Over the past 30-plus years and through at least two recessions , this `` bank-centric '' regulatory model has proven successful in protecting and supporting bank subsidiaries .
Myth 4 : It is risky to allow IB holding companies and affiliates to engage in other nonfinancial business activities .
Nothing in the history of IBs has shown that ownership of other businesses presents a risk to banks or the banking system . FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg has argued that their agency 's regulatory procedures to isolate banks from their affiliates have worked well , even when a bank 's parent gets into trouble and has to enter bankruptcy . Additionally , holding other nonfinancial assets enables an IB 's parent to provide more support for a bank than most bank holding companies .
Myth 5 : IBs will allow large companies such as Amazon , Microsoft and Walmart to drive small competitors out of business .
Industrial banks do not compete with traditional banks .
In reality , any company with massive marketing power can already directly offer every kind of financial product and service except deposits and general-purpose credit cards , and they can partner with a bank to provide bank-exclusive products under the merchant 's brand . Companies can develop more efficient systems , such as Apple Pay and Samsung Pay , to deliver banking products and services , advertise those to their customers , and charge banks for using those systems .
Different federal laws that do apply to an IB are key to preventing unfair competition , especially sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act . Those prevent a retailer , for example , from owning a bank that would finance sales at affiliate merchants , or to make loans to an affiliate . Amazon , for example , must partner with an independent bank to provide credit cards that can be used to purchase Amazon 's goods .
Myth 6 : Banks will lose control of the nation 's payments system if commercial entities are allowed to own banks .
Banks still control the payments system , which comprises credit and debit cards and transactional deposit accounts . Only banks can offer these cards and deposits , and all are subject to the same regulations and requirements . IBs ' participation in the payments system has not affected the system 's operations , nor will it if more IBs are chartered . On the contrary , IBs are not allowed to offer commercial checking accounts ; they can offer only credit cards , prepaid cards and debit cards linked to a NOW account .
As corporations look for new vehicles to offer their customers financial services , the policy debate would benefit from facts , not misinformation . IBs are properly regulated , and have proven themselves to be both flexible and safe . Their track record deserves acknowledgment and respect .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) `` Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a close adviser to President Donald Trump during their battle for the presidency , heatedly defended themselves before their former Senate colleagues as they denied having an undisclosed meeting with Russia 's ambassador to the United States and rejected any misconduct in the ouster of FBI Director James Comey .
In a dramatic and packed Senate hearing , Sessions vowed to defend their honor `` against scurrilous and false allegations '' and declared it a `` detestable and appalling lie '' to suggest they were aware of or took part in any collusion between Russia and the election campaign that sent Trump to the White House .
They also contradicted a contention made by Comey at a hearing before the same panel last week . Comey told the intelligence committee that , after an encounter with President Trump in which they said Trump pressured them to back off an investigation into the former national security adviser , Comey `` implored '' Sessions to make sure they were never left alone with the president again `` but that Sessions did n't respond .
`` He did n't recall this , but I responded to their comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow department policy regarding appropriate contacts with the White House , '' Sessions said .
Advertisement
The former Alabama senator also defended themselves against accusations that they misrepresented themselves during their confirmation hearing when they said they had n't met with Russian officials during the campaign . Sessions argued that in the context of that hearing , `` my answer was a fair and correct response to the charge as I understood it . ''
The attorney general stepped aside from the Justice Department probe into Russian meddling in the campaign on March 2 , the day after The Washington Post reported on two previously undisclosed meetings with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . Days after that , Sessions also corrected their confirmation hearing testimony to inform the committee about their two meetings with Kislyak .
Ahead of the hearing there had been suggestions that Sessions might have had a third , unreported , encounter with Kislyak in April 2016 , at Washington 's Mayflower Hotel , where candidate Trump was giving their first major foreign policy speech .
Sessions was adamant that they did not have a private meeting with Kislyak at that event . They did allow for the possibility that they encountered them in a reception that they said was attended by a couple dozen people , though they said they had no specific recollection of that .
Democratic senators have seized on the possibility of a third meeting to suggest that Sessions has not been forthcoming about the extent of their communications with the ambassador . Sens . Al Franken of Minnesota and Patrick Leahy of Vermont have sought an FBI investigation .
Sessions testified Tuesday that they recused themselves from the current Russia investigation only because of a regulation that required it because of their involvement in the Trump campaign .
`` Many have suggested that my recusal is because I felt I was a subject of the investigation myself , that I may have done something wrong , '' Sessions added . That was not so , they said .
And while they had recused themselves from the Russia probe , Sessions insisted , `` I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations . ''
Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon aggressively asked Sessions about suggestions arising from Comey 's testimony last week that there was something `` problematic '' about their recusal .
Wyden asked Sessions what problematic issues existed .
`` Why do n't you tell me ? There are none , Sen. Wyden , there are none , '' Sessions insisted , their voice rising . `` This is a secret innuendo being leaked out there about me , and I do n't appreciate it . ''
Sessions lent their support to the special counsel , Robert Mueller , who is now in charge of the Trump campaign-Russia investigation . `` I have confidence in Mr. Mueller , '' they said .
At a separate hearing Tuesday , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein declared he 'd seen no basis for dismissing Mueller , the former FBI director they appointed as special counsel after Sessions ' recusal . A friend of the president suggested a day earlier that Trump was considering such an ouster .
Rosenstein said they would agree to dismiss Mueller only if there were a legitimate basis to do so , and an order from the president would not necessarily qualify .
Mueller also won votes of support Tuesday from the top two Republicans in Congress , House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , both of whom said they have confidence in him .
As for Comey 's firing , Sessions told senators that their recommendation had nothing to do with the Russia probe , that they and their second-in-command , Rosenstein , had a `` clear view ... that we had problems there , and it was my best judgment that a fresh start at the FBI was the appropriate thing to do . And when asked I said that to the president . ''
Sessions criticized Comey 's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation , which the White House had initially cited as the ostensible reason for their firing . Comey 's decision to announce last year that Clinton would not be prosecuted over their emails was a `` usurpation '' of the Justice Department 's authority , Sessions said .
Asked about Trump 's own contention that the president fired Comey with the Russia probe in mind , and regardless of any recommendation from anyone else , Sessions said : `` I guess I 'll just have to let their words speak for themselves . I 'm not sure what was in their mind specifically . ''
Sessions refused to say whether they had ever discussed the Russia investigation with Trump , arguing that they could not disclose private communications with the president .
Democratic senators pressed them on the legal rationale for their refusal to discuss those private conversations , as Sessions acknowledged that Trump had not asserted executive privilege around the hearing . They asserted that `` I am protecting the right of the president to assert if it choose and there may be other privileges that may apply . ''
Sessions maintained that they had not been briefed on the Russia investigation between the time of their February swearing-in and their March 2 recusal .
`` As such , '' they said , `` I have no knowledge about this investigation , as it is ongoing today , beyond what has been publicly reported . I do n't even read that carefully . And I have taken no action whatsoever with regard to any such investigation . ''
On another hot-button issue , Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Fla. , asked Sessions whether Trump records their conversations in the White House . Trump has suggested there might be tapes of their encounters with Comey ; Comey said last week that `` lordy '' they hope there are .
`` I do not , '' Sessions said when asked whether they know whether the president records their conversations .
Would any such tapes have to be preserved ? `` I do n't know , Sen. Rubio , probably so , '' Sessions replied .
___
Associated Press writers Deb Riechmann , Sadie Gurman and Mary Clare Jalonick contributed to this report .
HONG KONG ( AP ) — A British banker sentenced to life in prison for the gruesome slayings of two Indonesian women appeared in a Hong Kong court on Tuesday in a bid to appeal their conviction .
Lawyers for Rurik Jutting presented their arguments in the semiautonomous Chinese city 's Court of Appeal .
They were requesting the court 's permission for an appeal , on the basis that the trial judge gave incorrect instructions to the jury on deciding their verdict .
The nine-person jury last year convicted the Cambridge University-educated Jutting of the 2014 killings of Seneng Mujiasih , 26 , and Sumarti Ningsih , 23 .
Advertisement
The case shocked residents of Hong Kong , while also highlighting wide inequality and seedy aspects usually hidden below the surface .
Jutting , 32 , watched the proceedings from the dock Tuesday , wearing eyeglasses with dark frames and a blue dress shirt and often leafing through a bundle of court documents as they followed along . During a break they chatted with the three uniformed court officers sitting alongside him .
Jutting worked for Bank of America-Merrill Lynch , while Sumarti and Seneng arrived in Hong Kong as foreign maids but ended up as sex workers . During the trial , jurors were shown graphic iPhone video evidence shot by Jutting of them torturing Sumarti and snorting drugs .
Jutting attempted at the trial to plead guilty to manslaughter , which the court rejected . Their defense argued that they were under diminished responsibility .
On Tuesday , Lawyer Gerard McCoy told the three-judge appeal panel that the trial judge made a `` fatal error '' in their directions to the jurors on how to consider whether Jutting was suffering from a psychiatric disorder .
Questions , Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn @ comcast.net
Sheriff 's Deputies in Harris County , Texas , thought they were responding to a routine burglary call until they took a closer look at the car .
It was crammed with so much candy-shaped meth that the suspects had trouble closing the trunk , police said .
They think the alleged burglars were stealing from a suspected drug dealer who 'd turned their home into an illicit candy factory , the sheriff 's office said on its Facebook page . Authorities hit the mother lode when they went inside : In all , 600 pounds of drug-laced candy with a street value of nearly $ 1 million .
× The meth had been molded into the Batman symbol and into the Star Wars characters Yoda and R2-D2 . Photo / Harris County Sheriff 's Office The meth had been molded into the Batman symbol and into the Star Wars characters Yoda and R2-D2 . Photo / Harris County Sheriff 's Office
The meth-pops had been molded into kid-friendly shapes : flowers , butterflies , Batman and the Star Wars characters R2-D2 and Yoda .
Advertisement
`` It was just bags and bags and bags of what appeared to be candy lollipops , '' Lt. Ruben Diaz , with the Harris County Sheriff 's Office , told the Houston Chronicle . They said the meth-pops `` appear to us designed to target children , '' although they did not detail the department 's rationale for the claim . However , experts said drugs made to look like candy often are n't meant for children at all .
Evonne C. Mick , 38 , and David Salinas , 26 , were charged with possession of a controlled substance . Mick 's bail was set at $ 1 million , the Chronicle reported . Attorneys for Mick and Salinas could not be reached immediately . Investigators have n't released details about the home 's owner .
A picture of the meth lab 's messy kitchen was part Willy Wonka , part `` The Wire , '' with corn syrup , pots and funnels interspersed with measuring devices and chemicals .
Around the house , investigators found molds and dozens of plastic bags full of candy that had been stashed in buckets and pillowcases .
Nearly complete meth pops sat cooling in plastic containers .
Investigators told reporters they think the drugs were intended to be sold outside Harris County .
Meth is a versatile drug that can be swallowed , snorted , injected or smoked , according to a DEA fact sheet .
Bill Piper , the senior director of national affairs for the Drug Policy Alliance , which promotes reforming state and federal drug laws , said turning the meth into candy may be more about smuggling than marketing it to children .
`` It 's easy for people to fall for this marketing to children because there 's this misconception that drug dealers are standing on the street corner handing out free drugs , '' they told The Washington Post . `` Adults do n't want nasty-tasting stuff either . We especially find in the flavored meth , a lot of that turned out to be flavoring for adults . ''
× Finished meth-pops and other candy . Photo / Harris County Sheriff 's Office Finished meth-pops and other candy . Photo / Harris County Sheriff 's Office
Turning meth into candy also makes the drug easier to transport and smuggle , they said . Yoda-shaped lollipops are a lot more innocuous-looking than methamphetamine in crystal form .
Snopes has debunked previous rumors about marketing to children , saying that although police have seized versions of crystal meth that resembled candy , there 's no evidence that their intended target was children .
White House drops insistence on two-state Middle East solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Police were called to attend the Warwick RSL last night .
Police were called to attend the Warwick RSL last night . Paul Donaldson
POLICE were called to a disturbance at the Warwick RSL last night .
They attended the scene around midnight .
An infringement notice for being a public nuisance was issued to a 23-year-old Warwick male .
Even the sky may be rocking out to the Foo Fighters tonight , with chances of thunderstorms hitting during the concert .
The American rock act is here to play to more than 40,000 fans in South Auckland tonight , with fellow rockers Weezer and Wellington punks Ayn Randy in support .
But MetService meteorologist Brian Mercer is warning concert-goers to `` bring a jacket '' , as the weather could be getting wild tonight .
Gates opened at 4pm , and fans entering Mt Smart Stadium may already be getting wet .
Advertisement
`` As we speak , there 's rain over the city , '' Mercer said .
Heavy rain was expected to sweep over within the next hour or so , but the worst of it was due to clear up by about 9pm .
But fans could still be in for a drenching , with the possibility of thunderstorms hitting at any time throughout the night .
`` There could be very , very heavy rain fall with it , there is still quite a likelihood of that , '' Mercer said .
Such storms normally lasted about 30 minutes to an hour , and there was no good way of predicting when and where they would hit .
`` There 's quite a , what we would call an unstable air mass . ''
Winds could get strong too , with an average of 50km/h and possible gusts up to 70 or 80km/h .
`` Bring a jacket would the only [ advice ] . There 's not much they can really do , '' Mercer said .
With any luck , the rain will have cleared enough by the end of the night that concert-goers would have a dry walk home .
Meteorologist Georgina Griffiths earlier said it was unlikely the show will be marred by the kind of brutal weather that sent fans home cold and shivering when Adele performed in the same venue around the same time last year .
The Foos are playing on the back of stellar reviews of their recent Australian shows , with Music Feeds calling it `` more than a concert '' .
`` It 's an experience , a story about to unfold , and everyone has their own Foos moment they hold dear , '' the publication wrote .
Recent setlists shows they 'll play plenty of hits , including Best of You , Everlong , Monkey Wrench and My Hero , as well as a handful of songs from their recent album , Concrete + Gold .
It will be their 10th visit here . They were last here playing the same venue in 2015 .
KEY INFORMATION
TIMINGS : Gates open at 4pm , with Ayn Randy starting at 5.40pm , Weezer at 6.30pm and the Foo Fighters at 8pm .
TRANSPORT : Tickets include free travel on event buses and trains . Check Auckland Transport 's website for timings .
RESTRICTIONS : Organisers warn fans to expect wandings and pat downs at the door . They also ask to `` leave bags at home '' . Only those measuring 200mm x 300mm x 200mm will be allowed in .
WEATHER : The concert will go ahead rain or shine . If rain is predicted , bring a poncho or raincoat as umbrellas are not permitted .
If your thought-leadership program is concentrated only on creating and pitching contributed content , you 're missing out . By engaging with readers , journalists , and industry influencers on Twitter , you can greatly amplify those efforts .
Here are four ways how .
1 . Follow and engage with industry influencers
Your PR team has a list of journalists they 're courting , and industry analysts and influencers whom they cite in contributed content . Chances are that most of those industry heavyweights are active on Twitter .
Build a Twitter list that includes those influencers , and regularly read and amplify ( share ) their content . And reply to them to let them know what you liked about the content they 've written .
In short , use the immediacy of Twitter to start building personal relationships that are all about them—not about your brand story .
Salesforce CEO @ Benioff is a good example . They regularly amplify influencer content he 's passionate about .
2 . Reuse and repurpose thought-leadership content
When you pitch a piece of contributed content or draft a presentation , you are able to reach a highly targeted audience . But that audience is limited to the people in the room for the presentation and the subscribers to the publication .
Build stronger emotional connections with your audience by Tweeting during conferences and events . Then think about ways to reuse , repurpose , and redistribute your executives ' thought-leadership content .
Howdy # Priceonomics folks ! Glad to be with you this afternoon . You can find my slides online at https : //t.co/gwx2d4Aypi — Rand Fishkin ( @ randfish ) October 27 , 2017
Moz CEO @ randfish regularly Tweets their industry event presentations .
3 . Curate and share third-party content
Many brands and their executives stick to sharing only their own content on social media . But you can build a loyal and engaged following by being a source for sharing highly curated , high-quality third-party content .
Loved this . If you 're trying to convince a friend to take up machine learning , forward this to them ! https : //t.co/YTdKCr325M pic.twitter.com/qMUXW6b3Tv — Andrew Ng ( @ AndrewYNg ) October 20 , 2017
Coursera Co-Founder @ AndrewYNg regularly shares interesting content on AI and machine-learning , tagging authors and influencers .
4 . Connect with influencers and other thought leaders
To increase media coverage , thought leaders often focus on influencing other thought leaders . Although doing so is an important component of a thought-leadership strategy , it should also be paired with creating content that resonates with your audience and becoming a valued part of the community that surrounds your product and brand .
Through social listening , you can uncover micro-influencers who are passionate about your topic area . In addition to gaining an understanding of your audience through their Tweets , by engaging with them one-to-one via Twitter , you have the opportunity to build an engaged community , which , in turn , helps elevate your own content .
It 's also why we do what we do . Seeing the smiles drives us each and every day . Thanks for sharing . — Joel Warady ( @ EnjoyLifeCMO ) October 24 , 2017
All of us in the food industry have a responsibility and the ability to fix this problem . — Joel Warady ( @ EnjoyLifeCMO ) September 17 , 2017
@ EnjoyLifeCMO Joel Warady regularly converses with their company 's raving fans on Twitter .
Do n't let your Twitter profile act as merely another channel for company news . When it 's instead used as part of your company thought-leadership strategy , you have the potential to change the conversation .
Want to amplify your efforts ? Try out these tips by creating a Twitter Ads campaign today .
Expectations for full year growth at fruit and vegetable company Total Produce are unchanged despite limited growth in the first half of the year due to unusual weather , the company said .
In a trading update issued to the stock market in advance of the company 's annual general meeting ( agm ) on Thursday , Total said it is targeting “ continued growth for 2018 on a like for like basis ” , excluding the impact of the Dole foods acquisition .
At the beginning of February the company agreed to acquire a 45 per cent stake in Dole for $ 300 million ( €257 million ) . The deal , subject to regulatory approval , is expected to close in the second half of this year .
To finance the transaction , Total issued 63 million new ordinary shares raising $ 180 million .
Also in its trading update the company noted its shareholder dividend will increase by 10 per cent to 2.4527 cent per share . That will be paid on June 1st subject to shareholder approval .
“ Total Produce is in a strong financial position and the Dole transaction represents a very significant step and a continuation of the Group 's successful expansion strategy , ” the company told its shareholders .
The scene is repeated across America millions of times each year . Citizens raise their cameras to snap a picture and immortalize what they see . Taking photographs is as much of the American fabric as driving a car .
But since 9/11 , that right has begun to erode like so many others — walking unencumbered onto an airplane ; living without the multitude of leering surveillance cameras ; gaining entrance to a public building without showing identification .
I get the reason for all the cautious security , I honestly do . I think our country is still under the threat of a terrorist attack . But some of those with badges tasked with monitoring the threat overstep their bounds in the name of national security . I ca n't get over the feeling that every time they overreact , the terrorists — who are determined to change our freedom-loving way of life — win .
The Patriotic Act of 2011 expanded law enforcement powers to search for evidence of possible terrorist activity . The law says nothing about allowing officers to order us to put down our cameras , cell phones and other recording devices . Yet , in case after case , it is this law that 's invoked when a security official wants to get a civilian to stop taking pictures .
I 've read about all sorts of horror stories involving the seemingly innocent taking of photographs .
In February , Nancy Genovese stopped their car on a public road outside a public airport and took a picture they thought would be great for their “ Support Our Troops ” Web site . After this mother of three snapped photos of a decorative helicopter display , they were arrested by Suffolk County , N.Y. , officers and told they were being charged with terrorism . After a long ordeal , including being put into a straitjacket and a solitary cell , they were charged with criminal trespass . Genovese sued the town and police department for $ 70 million in a case that is still pending .
Then there was the story of a veteran NASA employee named Walter Miller who was spotted taking pictures of an art exhibit near the Indianapolis City-County building . They were detained and told to stop because “ homeland security ” prohibited photos of the facility . Just so you understand the nonsensical nature of this , Google that Indiana building and see how many pictures of the structure are already out there .
If the subject of someone 's photograph happens to be a police officer , the photographer can be in serious jeopardy — even if they take the picture in their own home .
In Houston , a homeowner named Francisco Olvera was having a house party when an officer responded to a noise complaint . When asked for their identification , Olvera went to get their wallet . They did not think the officer had the right to follow them inside so they snapped their picture with their cell phone . Big mistake . Olvera was charged with illegal photography , public intoxication and loud music . All charges were later dropped .
Anthony Graber , a motorcyclist in Maryland , admits they were speeding on the highway and should have anticipated they might be pulled over by a state trooper . But they failed to turn off their helmet cam during the stop , and after they posted the video on the Internet , Graber got the surprise of their life . They were indicted for violating the state 's wiretapping laws . They face up to 16 years in prison .
In Seattle , amateur photographer Bogdan Mohora happened to be an eyewitness to police arresting a man on a public street . By their account , they were 10 feet away when they took a few pictures and began to walk away . The officers followed and demanded their camera . When Mohora asked what they had done wrong , they were handcuffed and taken to the precinct . No charges were filed , but they were told they could have been arrested for provoking a riot or endangering a police officer . Mohora won an $ 8,000 settlement with the city .
I could go on and on with cases of civilians — and some members of the accredited media — begin harassed for taking a photo or a few minutes of video . But I think you get my drift .
For those who think over-vigilant security is better than being lax , the words of security expert Bruce Schneier may be of interest . “ Look at the 9/11 attacks , the Moscow and London subway bombings , the Fort Hood shooting — no photos , ” they say . “ I 'm not seeing a whole lot of plots that hinge on photography . ”
Other security professionals point to the positive aspects of a citizenry armed with Canons , Nikons and flip-cams . After the unsuccessful Times Square car bombing , detectives found clues about the suspect in home movies shot by tourists . Police departments across the country are making arrests by watching videos posted on YouTube by shortsighted shutterbugs .
I do n't want to give up any more of my rights as a U.S. citizen . And I do n't think we need to if only we would adequately train all security personnel about the specifics of the law in their state .
Citizens have every right to take a picture or video in a public place , as long as they do n't disturb the peace or impede police from doing their duty . To think otherwise is downright un-American .
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi : Be Careful Who You Trust . Click here for more information . They can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
A MAN is accused of spitting in the face of a bouncer after they became enraged about being denied entry to a pub
Police say they were called to the Top Pub in Stanthorpe at about 11.30pm on Saturday .
The 20-year-old man was charged with common assault and is due to appear in Stanthorpe Magistrates court on May 31 .
In Taranaki , pay increases have just about kept up with house prices . In Auckland , workers are far behind .
Taranaki has come out tops as the region where the rate of wage growth has best kept up with the increase in house prices .
Analysis by the Weekend Herald shows median weekly earnings in the Taranaki region grew 19.88 per cent to $ 959 during the four years from June 2013 to June 2017 , while the average house price grew 20.3 per cent to $ 285,967 .
That compares with the Auckland region - the worst performer on this measure - where wage growth was just 14.51 per cent to $ 1010 a week , compared to house price growth of 63.45 per cent to $ 1.05 million .
Advertisement
Nationwide median wage growth was 14.71 per cent across the four-year period to $ 959 , compared to average house price growth of 44.83 per cent to $ 639,051 .
The data highlights the extent to which economic progress in the current environment has been weighted towards those with assets .
Wage inflation is typically benchmarked against the consumer price index , which does not include house price inflation .
Using more traditional macro-economic measures , Taranaki 's economy has been one of the poorest performers over the past four years .
The ASB Regional Economic Scorecard - which measures performance based on employment , wages , house prices , retail sales , new car sales and construction - has placed the region near the bottom of its rankings .
In 2016 it was the lowest ranked region as it suffered from the slumps in the dairy and oil and gas sectors , which dominate its economy .
Other regions where wage growth has also maintained some proximity to house price growth include Southland ( where house prices rose 19.6 per cent compared to wage growth of 14.27 per cent ) , Canterbury ( housing up 23.1 per cent and wages 14.05 per cent ) and Manawatu/Wanganui ( housing up 25.35 per cent and wages up 15.07 per cent ) .
Taranaki 's rate of wage growth has best kept up with the increase in house prices . Photo / Mark Mitchell Taranaki 's rate of wage growth has best kept up with the increase in house prices . Photo / Mark Mitchell
Meanwhile , in Auckland and other upper North Island regions the disparity between wage growth and house prices clearly illustrates the problem for those attempting to grow wealth based entirely on weekly earnings .
After Auckland , the regions with the greatest gap between house price growth and median wage growth were the Waikato ( house prices grew at 51.66 per cent and wages just 14.9 per cent ) , Bay of Plenty ( 51.37 per cent and 12.48 per cent ) and Northland ( 48.73 per cent and 12.96 per cent ) .
All of these regions have experienced migration from Auckland and increased investor interest as Auckland property prices peaked .
Wage growth has become the focus of intense scrutiny in economics in the past few years as it failed to accelerate as employment rates have recovered in the wake of the global financial crisis .
Unemployment in New Zealand is sitting at 4.8 per cent - which economists regard as near to full employment , from a practical point of view .
New Zealand 's employment rate - the proportion of working-age people in a job - is sitting above 66 per cent , which is higher than the country 's major trading partners .
But despite that , wages remain nearly static , rising by just 1.6 per cent in the year to March 2016 and 1.7 per cent in the year to March 2017 .
Assets ( property and shares ) , on the other hand , have soared in value as record low interest rates have pushed investors to seek alternatives to bank deposits .
The rapid rise in sharemarkets and property prices has been a global phenomenon , of which New Zealand has been at the forefront .
From June 2013 to June 2017 , New Zealand 's NZX50 sharemarket index soared by 67.3 per cent .
The Weekend Herald analysis compared the rise in property values - as measured by Quotable Value - in the same areas which Statistics NZ uses to track regional growth .
It 's been a rocky road for Destiny 2 , but Bungie hopes to win back its players with Warmind , a new expansion that 'll be out on May 8 . It 's set on Mars and will have you fighting off frozen waves of ancient Hive aliens .
Bungie and co-developer Vicarious Visions showed off Warmind on an hourlong stream this afternoon , telling viewers about the campaign 's premise , which revolves around the artificial intelligence Rasputin . Short version : Rasputin has woken up from a long slumber , and he 's called down a bunch of Warsat satellites , which have cracked open the polar ice caps on Mars and unleashed a whole bunch of the frozen Hive . You 'll have to fight those Hive on a new Mars destination that goes live with Warmind .
One of the main features Bungie showed today was Escalation Protocol , a horde mode that sort of looks like a cross between Destiny 's Prison of Elders and Court of Oryx . It 's a public event on the new Mars area , and it 'll task players with shooting through waves of enemies before time expires . There are rotating bosses , different tasks ( like “ destroy those crystals ! ” ) , and even mode-specific weapons , like a sweet-looking spear called the Valkyrie that you can hurl at enemies .
Bungie 's developers also talked about many of the changes they 're making to the player-vs-player Crucible mode . Next month , Destiny 2 will get private matches and ranked PvP , the latter leading to all sorts of wild rewards , like an overpowered gun that will be super-tough to acquire . This gun has a buffed version of the Outlaw perk ( precision kills boost your reload speed ) and then a new perk called Desperado that boosts your fire rate while Outlaw is active , allowing for what I imagine will be some incredibly overpowered attacks .
Advertisement
Warmind also comes with a new Raid Lair , new Strikes , an NPC named Ana Bray , and a bunch of other changes , including the emote wheel ( ! ) that Destiny fans have been requesting for years now . It 'll be interesting to see if this all is enough to bring regular Destiny players back—and keep them playing .
British cybersecurity expert expected in court on US charges
hello
MILWAUKEE -- A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack is expected in court Monday to hear federal charges accusing them of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago .
Marcus Hutchins could enter a plea during the hearing in Wisconsin federal court , where prosecutors charged them and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere . Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas , where they were going to board a flight to their home in Ilfracombe , England . They had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention .
Hutchins is free on $ 30,000 bail , but with strict conditions . They must wear an ankle monitor and stay at a halfway house or under house arrest in Las Vegas until their Monday hearing . A judge also ordered them to surrender their passport and barred them from using any device with access to the internet .
Hutchins ' attorney , Adrian Lobo , has not responded to several phone messages from The Associated Press over the last week .
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero they enjoyed four months ago when they found a `` kill switch '' to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus . It crippled computers worldwide , encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $ 300 to $ 600 .
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim they created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users . In addition to computer fraud , the indictment lists five other charges , including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization .
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015 , but the court document does n't offer any details about the number of victims . Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin . The name of Hutchins ' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment .
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges .
MONTPELIER , Vt. ( AP ) — The Latest on a ski resort owner who agreed to pay back $ 81 million they were accused of using illegally ( all times local ) :
7 p.m .
Vermont Gov . Phil Scott has expressed their appreciation for the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission 's work investigating a ski resort owner who has agreed to pay back $ 81 million they were accused of using illegally .
Miami business person Ariel Quiros was accused of massive fraud involving foreign investors ' money in Vermont 's Jay Peak ski area . They have agreed to give up ownership of two ski resorts and says he 's pleased to be another step closer to resolving the claims against him .
Advertisement
The Republican governor and Democratic state Attorney General T.J. Donovan said Friday the SEC settlement with Quiros will provide a federal receiver with legal title to the Jay Peak Resort , the Burke Mountain Resort and other properties acquired by Quiros with investor money .
___
1 p.m .
The Securities and Exchange Commission says a Miami business person accused of massive fraud involving foreign investors ' money in a Vermont ski area has agreed to pay back more than $ 81 million .
The SEC announced the settlement with Ariel Quiros Friday . It must be approved by a court .
The SEC says Quiros was accused of misusing more than $ 50 million in investor funds to buy another resort and to pay for personal expenses such as two luxury New York City condominiums . And companies that Quiros owned allegedly failed to contribute about $ 30 million in investor money toward construction at Jay Peak ski resort .
Quiros has agreed to give up ownership of the two condos , Jay Peak and Burke Mountain resorts and their stake in more than a dozen properties .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video : Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Human traffickers set up a pop-up brothel in Derby and used other premises across the region for prostitution , a jury heard .
The gang , which is made up of members of a Hungarian family , are alleged to have rented hotel rooms for a number of days or self-catered apartments and allegedly run the brothels from them .
They are alleged to have organised the renting of premises and staffed them at any one time with up to four escorts or prostitutes .
Adverts for the escorts were placed on specialist `` adult sites '' offering acts , prices and a sales blurb about the girl themselves and listing a contact number , a court heard .
The women , some young , were from Hungary and flown or brought over to the UK by ferry , it has been alleged .
Julianna Varga , 49 , of Normanton Road , Derby ; Robert Csomor , 28 , of Audley Drive , Beeston ; Csaba Csomor senior , 52 , and Edit Ruszo , 42 , both of Manton Crescent , Beeston ; and Gabriella Ruszo , 33 , of Cranwell Road , Strelley , are on trial .
They have pleaded not guilty to charges covering the alleged `` trafficking '' of the women into the UK and whilst here . They also deny sexual exploitation by putting them into brothels and running them as prostitutes .
Adrian Langdale , prosecuting at Nottingham Crown Court , said : `` This case , Operation Broadcast , involves a family-based organised crime group , of which these defendants were principle members , whose criminal business revolved around the unlawful management and organisation of vice across areas of Nottinghamshire , Nottingham , Derbyshire all the way up to Southport , Liverpool and beyond .
`` Once in the UK , they ( the girls ) would be trafficked again , moved around within the UK from one brothel to another . ''
Mr Langdale said some of the girls were aware of what the purpose of their trip was and the work they were being recruited for .
But others were said to have been tricked into coming to the UK on the promise of lawful employment , then their identity documents taken from them when they had arrived .
The sites were in Derby , Beeston and Netherfield in Nottingham , Southport and Liverpool .
Csaba Csomor junior , 30 , of of Cranwell Road , Strelley , pleaded guilty in front of the jury to these allegations on Wednesday , July 4 . In their case the jury must decide on charges they face alone covering the slavery and servitude of a man .
The trial continues .
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
DETROIT ( AP ) — Mike Matheson scored their first goal of the season and the Florida Panthers won in overtime for the first time this season , taking a 2-1 decision from the Detroit Red Wings on Monday night .
Matheson drove the rebound of a Nick Bjugstad shot into the net behind Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of the overtime period for the winner . Florida improved to 1-2 in OT , rallying from a 1-0 third-period deficit for the victory .
Vincent Trocheck also scored for the Panthers , while Henrik Zetterberg scored for the Wings , who are 0-5 in overtime .
Ending a 22-game goal drought , Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 mark of the first period . Panthers defenseman Matheson blocked Zetterberg 's original shot , but the Detroit captain picked up the rebound and snapped a low shot through the pads of Florida goalie James Reimer .
The Panthers tied the score during a third-period power play at the 10:11 mark . Florida center Jonathan Huberdeau went down after being cross-checked by Red Wings defenseman Niklas Kronwall , but as they lay on the ice , Huberdeau slipped a pass back across the front of the net to Trocheck , whose quick shot banked into the Detroit net off the outstretched glove of Wings goalie Jimmy Howard .
NOTES : Panthers C Aleksandr Barkov , who leads the team with eight multi-point games , returned to the lineup after missing Saturday 's 7-3 loss to the Colorado Avalanche with an upper-body injury . … Red Wings D/RW Luke Witkowski saw their first action since the conclusion of their 10-game NHL suspension for returning to the ice to rejoin a fight Nov. 9 against the Calgary Flames , and fought twice with Panthers C Micheal Haley , who leads the NHL with nine fighting majors .
UP NEXT
Panthers : In Chicago Tuesday to face the Blackhawks in the second game of their five-game road trip .
Red Wings : Play the fourth game of a five-game homestand Wednesday against the Boston Bruins .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Everyday , we are inching closer to some kind of Artificial Intelligence .
At this point , it is n't so important whether we 're talking about truly self-conscious machines or not . Advances in big data , machine learning and robotics are all poised to give us a world where computers are effectively intelligent in terms of how we deal with them .
Should you be scared by this proposition ? Based on a lecture I just attended , my answer is : `` Absolutely , but not in the usual 'robot overlords ' kind of way . ''
Instead , the real fear should be about getting human beings wrong , not getting AI right .
The lecture I attended was given by Dr. Rana el Kaliouby . They are a brilliant scientist who works on giving computers the ability recognize the emotions of humans they interact with . More than just an academic , they are also an entrepreneur . El Kaliouby is CEO of Affectiva a company whose `` AI humanizes how people and technology interact . ''
But while El Kaliouby 's presentation was thrilling ( she is a truly engaging speaker ) , the longer the lecture went on , the more troubled I became .
The essence of the technology Affectiva pioneers is the ability of computers to recognize human emotions based on the `` activation '' of muscles in the face . The link between facial expressions and emotions is , of course , something we humans all know how to read . But researchers have gone beyond the gross characteristics of `` smile '' vs. `` frown '' to map out groups of facial muscles and their links to specific emotional states . The AI built by Affectiva can identify the positions of facial muscles and uses them to infer the emotional state of its user . Then the machine responds in ways that take that emotional state into account ( the company is also working on identifying emotions using speech . )
One potential application for the technology 's use would be to provide `` emotional robots '' for the elderly . Having a machine that could converse in an empathic way would give an older person without much human contact `` someone '' to spend time with .
The fact that this is even possible is pretty remarkable and serves as a testimony to how far and how fast our machines have come in the ability to react to environments ( including us ) . But as more potential applications of the technology were discussed in El Kaliouby 's lecture , the more it became clear to me how the technology is also a kind of trap we are preparing for ourselves .
We often like to say that technology is `` value free . '' Scientists make their discoveries and engineers build their inventions and these are all free of `` values . '' It 's society that adds those in . But I have never bought fully into that equation . All research occurs in cultural settings . Why are some research questions considered important ( and worthy of funding ) while others are deemed uninteresting ? The answer to this question is always colored by the culture in which the researchers live .
More importantly , research programs can come with a raft of philosophical baggage . These underpin the assumptions made in developing and carrying forward those programs . The assumption that lies behind emotional computing technologies is that facial states capture emotions . From the computers point of view they are emotions . At the root of this equation is a reduction of human experience to neural programming whose outward manifestation can be captured algorithmically .
The point here is not to begin an argument about the nature of consciousness . Instead , it 's to see how technologies like Affectiva have built-in assumptions about what we are as humans . As the technologies are deployed in the world they can reframe the world . In this way , technologies can rewire society in ways that can be hard to escape from . If you want an example , just think iPhones and social media .
So imagine we get robots that keep lonely , older people company . That 's a good thing right ? But wo n't that also relieve us from questioning how we ended up in a society that warehouses the elderly because we do n't know what else to do with them ? Might there be other , more humane — and human — solutions than robots ( that will be sold at a steep price by the robot companies ) ?
Another example given in the lecture was something along the lines of allowing a family to watch different versions of the same show but each version gets tuned , in real time , to that family member 's emotions . Perhaps the computer senses that brother wants a happy ending but sis wants everyone to die . I found this idea more than a little horrifying . It 's not as if we do n't live in our own bubbles enough now . Why provide more means to pull us away from shared experience ?
This led to another troublesome problem . The technology will clearly have useful applications , like developing learning apps for kids with autism . But it will be in the domains of sales and coercion that it finds its greatest deployment . Our `` emotion data '' will be used against us to make money , or worse , for someone else .
But , at the root of it all , is the fact that `` emotion data '' is not the same thing as the real , vivid , present , enacted emotional experiences we have being human . Our emotions are not our faces or our voices . They are n't data . They ca n't be pulled out like a thread , one by one , from the fabric of our being .
But once a technology that treats emotions as data becomes pervasive , we may soon find that data is the only aspect of emotion we come to recognize or value . Once billions of dollars flood into that equation , we may find ourselves trapped in a pervasive technology that flattens our experiences and reduces our lives .
And that , more than robot overlords , is what scares me about AI .
Adam Frank is a co-founder of the 13.7 blog , an astrophysics professor at the University of Rochester , and author of the upcoming book Light of the Stars : Alien Worlds and the Fate of the Earth . Their scientific studies are funded by the National Science Foundation , NASA and the DOE . You can keep up with more of what Adam is thinking on Facebook and Twitter : @ adamfrank4
Posted on July 4 , 2013 | 9:00 a.m .
Source : Hanrahan Family
Mrs. Dolores Margaret Hanrahan passed away peacefully at 2:35 a.m. Thursday , June 20 , 2013 , after a five-year struggle with cancer .
Born August 28 , 1934 , Dolores had a unique ability to see the beauty in everything . The simplicity and grace in the way they conducted their life were truly a wonder to behold . They would only ask , “ What is the right thing to do , ” then they had their direction . Wherever they went , whomever they were with , they enriched the lives of the people surrounding them Whenever they walked into a room people would instantly smile as everyone knew that now Dolores was here , all was well . They were truly one of a kind and will be sorely missed by many , starting with their husband , Bob . They were married for 56 years and were wed in St. Francis Xavier Church in Newark , New Jersey .
They had a wonderful combination of shyness and adventurism , seriousness when they had to be and a boundless sense of humor . Grace was their hallmark . Dolores had an abundance of common sense , which they shared with all , and had a great ability to speak to an issue or a problem , very directly .
They were born in New Jersey , but when winters became too harsh for her , they and Bob moved to California , which made them quite happy . They quickly blended in with the community of Santa Barbara , which they loved , and made many new friends .
They joined Them beloved Santa Barbara Woman 's Club at Rockwood , where they were honored to serve as president from 1989 to 2000 . They also served as president of the Santa Barbara Little Gardens Club , from 1989 to 1991 . Dolores was a board member of Opera Santa Barbara in its formative years .
Dolores made everything better by just being a part of it .
In addition to being survived by their husband , Bob , Dolores is survived by their sisters , Anne Casale and their husband , Louis , of Lake Ronkonkoma , New York ; Ursula Capuozzi of Fort Lauderdale , Florida ; Marie Vucola of Santa Barbara ; and Rosemarie Jemas of West Orange , New Jersey , and their husband , William . They are also survived by many loving nieces and nephews , whom they loved dearly . Dolores is also pre-deceased by their sisters , Yolanda Pedulla and Elvira Rizzo , and brother Angelo Vucola .
A Mass was celebrated at Our Lady Of Mount Carmel Church in Montecito on June 27 with burial at the Santa Barbara Cemetery . Arrangements were by Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapels .
Using Educational Tools to Foster Active Learning
Register at : events.tlpd.ttu.edu “ STEM CORE Seminar Series : Using Educational Tools to Foster Active Learning ” The term “ active learning ” has come to have many meanings in the education community ; however , at the heart of every attempted definition is the notion that learning is inherently experiential . In STEM courses it is often beneficial to incorporate physical experiences for the students , such as laboratory experiments , manipulatives , or virtual worlds , in order to create these experiences which foster active learning . In this talk we will discuss how classroom artifacts can be transformed into vessels for exploring new ideas through the process of instrumental genesis . We will also discuss the spaces in which students can engage with these objects and how those spaces impact class discourse . As we explore these topics , I will share some physical manipulatives my colleagues and I have developed for use in multivariable calculus , as well as my experiences in incorporating tablet technology into the classroom . Posted :
4/17/2017
Originator :
Jessica Spott
Email :
jessica.spott @ ttu.edu
Department :
Provost and SVP Academic Affairs
Event Information
Time : 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
Event Date : 4/24/2017
Location :
TLPDC , Room 153
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Research
Academic
Teaching , Learning & Professional Development Center
China penalises 6.7m ‘ debtors ' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool target Alisson may have moved a step closer to a Roma departure .
A report on French website L'Equipe states that Roma has started looking at replacements for the 25-year-old as speculation mounts on their future .
Liverpool have been linked with a mammoth £70m move for the keeper , a figure which has caused the Anfield hierarchy to look elswehere .
Yet according to L'Equipe , Roma are open to selling Alisson , and have prepared for their departure by monitoring the situation of Toulouse teenager Alban Lafont .
That could leave the door open for Alisson to depart - although Roma will have to lower their asking price to tempt clubs into making a bid for their star man .
Liverpool 's actions in the summer depend on the development of Loris Karius .
If Karius maintains their current standards until May then Liverpool are likely to be in the market for someone to compete with them rather than replace him .
But if L'Equipe are to be believed , Roma have started preparing for Alisson 's departure .
Their next destination , however , remains very much unclear .
Financial boost
Liverpool 's progress to the quarter finals of the Champions League has guaranteed a £50m windfall , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Jurgen Klopp 's men have so far triggered payments from UEFA of €56m , obviously rising the further they go in the competition .
Reporter James Pearce writes around £20m is from the TV pool , with a further £18.5m in prize money - the rest is the guaranteed fixed payment for all clubs who reach the group stage .
It underlines the importance of Liverpool 's return to Europe 's elite after a three-year absence .
The Reds recently announced record revenues of £364m for the year up to the end of May 2017 – a sharp rise of 20.5 % - with a profit of £39m .
However , that was a season without European football and partly explains why the club 's turnover still remains so far behind the likes of Manchester United ( £581m ) , Manchester City ( £473m ) and Arsenal ( £423m ) .
Data compiled by the excellent Swiss Ramble blog compares the Reds ' financial performance to their main Premier League rivals .
Liverpool 's profit of £39m for 2016/17 is bettered only by Leicester City ( £92m ) , Manchester United ( £57m ) , Arsenal ( £45m ) and West Ham ( £43m ) .
Halo goodbye
Match Of The Day host Gary Lineker has caused a stir with comments about former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher and their controversial spitting controversy .
They were suspended by Sky Sports on Monday after footage showed them spitting at the 14-year-old Manchester United fan and their dad .
After being shown the Mirror 's ­exclusive footage of the spit shame , Carragher told Sky News : “ I have no excuse and it is ­devastating for the family involved and my own family , but it is my actions which have brought that on . ''
The incident led to a cheeky tweet from Gary Lineker which poked fun at the Sky Sports ban .
Carragher was called to London on Monday for talks with Sky Sports chiefs before the broadcasting company announced they were suspended from work .
The former Liverpool captain , who is a regular on MNF , was due to appear on the show covering Stoke City 's clash against Manchester City .
Their absence led Lineker to tweeting : `` Seems @ Carra23 ca n't do it on a cold , damp Monday night at Stoke . ''
However , the Match of the Day presenter 's comments did n't go down well with Sky Sports ' stalwart Shreeves , who replied : `` Good luck with your halo . Threw your toys out the pram when @ mrjakehumphrey commented on a graphics mistake . ''
Lineker responded : `` You 've gone too early with that one . Read next tweet . ''
Shreeves added : `` No I have n't . Never right and never funny . ''
The second tweet Lineker refers to in their row with Shreeves , reads : `` On a serious note , we all make mistakes , @ Carra23 made a big one . He 's apologised and is clearly contrite . Sure he 'll be back soon and rightly so . ''
Sky Sports decided to say nothing on the incident during their Monday Night Football show .
ABUJA — A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja , has ordered the Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company Limited , IBEDC , and Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission , NERC , to maintain status quo prior the Order of June 19 , 2018 for the court to determine the merits of the matter .
Trial judge , Justice Nnamdi Dimgba , in a case between IBEDC & 8 Ors v NERC , also ordered accelerated hearing in the matter . With the ruling , NERC 's earlier order giving IBEDC 21 days ultimatum to dissolve current Board of the company is now temporarily on hold until the court comes to a final ruling on the Order .
The matter was adjourned to October 15 , 2018 for the hearing of the substantive suit .
It will be recalled that NERC , in an order of June 19 , 2018 had directed IBEDC to put machinery in motion for the dissolution of its current Board within a 21 day period , citing alleged delaying the repayment of some loans by IBEDC investors .
Which behaviors do you consider cheating ? I 'm discovering that we all have different ideas of what exactly makes up an adulterous move and social media only complicates it more .
73 % of people recently polled said a one-night stand constitutes cheating .
71 % feel the same way about kissing .
As for online adultery , 69 % said sexting somebody else is enough for concern .
51 % thought flirting online is a no-no .
1 in 5 people believe that merely following an ex on social media is adulterous . Wow !
Other interesting stats within the survey determined that nearly a quarter of people believe that going to a strip club without your partner is cheating and 19 % believe watching porn is .
( Survey found in the Deseret News )
Music : check . Activism : check . Diversity : check .
When Pepsi aired an ad showing millennial supermodel Kendall Jenner reaching out to a police officer with a can of its product during a protest , it must have thought a full array of check boxes meant a successful commercial .
It did n't .
While it is true the components of the mixture theoretically added up to formulaic success , the commercial in its final product oozed qualities of disrespectful satire . Pepsi 's attempt to target young people as a single segment ironically found a way to turn them into a homogenous group — one that was disgusted by the attempt .
It 's worth noting that Pepsi has not been the only company to take advantage of the current political climate by trying to send a message of unity . For example , many others including Airbnb — who has had a far-from-stellar history with racial bias — aired ads during the Super Bowl appealing to diversity and had success with it .
So why did Pepsi fail , while Airbnb and others helped their brands ? The commercial fell flat because it was not relatable in the slightest .
For some peculiar reason , it gave protests an appearance reminiscent of a music festival . Lehigh might be considered an apathetic school at times , but demonstrations that have been held on campus such as the rally of solidarity were far from celebratory . It takes hard work to fight against injustice , and it was offensive for real activists to see a commercialized version be used as an advertising strategy .
Another misstep , and perhaps the most expensive one , was making Jenner the star of the show . Though celebrities have the capability to use their elevated platform for good , there must be a degree of authenticity to convince the public they are genuinely invested in the cause . Jenner does not have a public record of change-making .
It 's tempting to give Pepsi the benefit of the doubt and move forward . Some commercials miss the mark , and there is no point harping on it forever . But there is a concrete , logical reason that explains this gaff : Inclusion was entirely lacking in the decision-making process . If any true activists were entrusted with their opinions , the ad would not have been run .
On top of that , when Pepsi made the decision to pull the commercial to avoid further backlash , it only issued an apology to Jenner . If there was any doubt about the misunderstanding at the highest levels of Pepsi , it was removed after such a boneheaded reaction .
Jenner , a 21-year-old who consented and was paid to participate , should not be apologized to . They were part of the process , and their brand is something they should be held accountable for . Pepsi made a horrific miscalculation by apologizing to them and not the greater community who found the commercial distasteful .
In contrast , when Lehigh hired Donald Outing and installed their new position as the vice president for equity and community , it was a great step in the right direction to create a voice of inclusion . Voices like Outing 's need to be present at the highest level of decision making , to avoid situations like Pepsi 's .
Even though Lehigh 's diversity statistics are not the most impressive , the efforts the school is making have been positive , including Diversity Life weekend , an annual tradition that took place this past weekend .
With Outing in the mix , Lehigh is on track for an authentic plan to promote inclusion . Hopefully it can avoid a Pepsi-esque blunder .
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets . Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats , but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing .
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) `` More than a dozen women have staged a protest against a proposed ban on Ohio 's most common abortion procedure while dressed in character from the dystopian novel `` The Handmaid 's Tale . ''
The group attended a committee hearing at the Statehouse Tuesday while wearing red capes and white bonnets . The costumes resemble those worn in a new television series based on Margaret Atwood 's 1985 novel , in which women are forced to give birth .
They were fighting legislation criminalizing what anti-abortion activists call `` dismemberment abortion . '' The medical term is dilation and evacuation .
The bill would prohibit doctors from using forceps or similar instruments on a live fetus to remove it from the womb in pieces . Seven states have such bans .
Advertisement
Similar costumed protests to anti-abortion bills have taken place elsewhere , including in Texas and Missouri .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — An Illinois environmental group filed a federal lawsuit Wednesday against the owner of a shuttered power plant where contaminants from old coal ash ponds are seeping into the state 's only National Scenic River , saying federal and state environmental agencies are n't doing enough to stop it .
Prairie Rivers Network claims that Dynegy Midwest Generation is violating the Clean Water Act and harming the Middle Fork of the Vermilion River because elevated levels of heavy metals — including arsenic , chromium , iron , lead and manganese — are oozing from the riverbanks after groundwater flows through three unlined ash pits . The pits , more than 40 feet deep in some areas , contain more than 3 million cubic yards ( 2.29 million cubic meters ) of ash deposited between 1955 and 2011 .
The river , a favorite with kayakers and canoers , flows along the eastern boundary of the former Vermilion Power Station about 135 miles ( 217 kilometers ) south of Chicago , and a 17-mile ( 27-kilometer ) section was designated a scenic river .
Earthjustice filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Urbana on behalf of Prairie Rivers Network . It asks the court to order Dynegy to stop unpermitted discharges and pay civil penalties .
Advertisement
Vistra Energy , which merged with Dynegy , did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The Illinois Environmental Protection Agency said the company must submit a closure plan in October based on groundwater studies .
The site is not subject to 2015 Obama-era regulations for ash ponds because it closed in 2011 . Earthjustice also has sued to EPA to require it to regulate ash ponds at closed power plants .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – If you resisted temptation before the holidays to pick up a new TV or fitness tracker watch or band , your patience is about to pay off .
The online coupons and deals site FatWallet.com , is forecasting big discounts and slashed prices on Health & Fitness gear and gadgets along with 4K TVs leading up to the Super Bowl .
“ January is great time to find savings on items that are holdovers from holiday sales , especially true this year with smart tech products , ” stated Brent Shelton , online shopping expert for FatWallet.com .
According to the site , you can expect discounts from 20-30 % off sports apparel at Macy 's and Target and 30-50 % off larger fitness equipment from ProForm and Bowflex , as well as at bigbox stores like Walmart and Sears .
Smartwatches and fitness trackers will also be out there . Expect to find discounts up to half off Samsung Gear Live , as well as Fitbit Alta under $ 100 , Fitbit Charge 2 under $ 120 , Fitbit Blaze under $ 150 and Apple Watch Sport ( first gen ) under $ 200 .
Nearly a quarter of Americans surveyed by the site said they planned to take advantage of Super Bowl sales to buy a new television . Those in the market for a new big screen TV can expect savings from $ 200-400 on name brand 50-60 ” 4K models from Vizio , Samsung , LG and TCL , with basic 4K UHD models starting at $ 300- $ 500 55 ” or less . Savings on 55-65 ” 4K OLED/SUHD/HDR models will be $ 500-1000 off with prices on select models dropping to $ 1200 .
With new video gaming consoles coming for 2017 , expect similar Black Friday pricing on Xbox One Sand PS4 Slim consoles and bundles to continue to approach the $ 200 mark . And as is tradition after the holiday buying season and leading up to Consumer Electronics Show and Toy fairs , sales on new video game sales will also drop as much as 50 % off select newer game titles .
There 's also good news for those thinking about picking up some new wireless headphones/earbuds and speakers . With new models of wireless earpods with noise cancellation and AI features due in early 2017 , last year 's wireless audio that connect with smartphones will be available the second half of the month at prices equal or better than 2016 holiday sale pricing . Look for savings up to $ 100 on higher quality wireless headphones sets designed for TV watching .
Twenty thousand Iranian special police forces will be providing security on the day of the presidential election in Iran , a police commander has announced .
Hossein Karami , the commander of the Special Units of the Iranian Police Force , said on Monday that efforts had long been underway to ensure that the May 19 polls would be held in an “ atmosphere of security and order . ”
To that end , 20,000 special police forces would be deployed across the country within the framework of the Zafar Operational Base on Election Day , according to Karami .
They said the Base 's capacity in terms of personnel and matériel had been expanded threefold as part of the efforts to provide security on Election Day .
Iran will be holding its 12th presidential election on May 19 . Elections for the 5th City and Village Councils will also be held on the same day .
New Government policy on providing bike storage in apartment blocks will only encourage more people to cycle if infrastructure is improved on the roads , a leading planner has warned .
Joe Corr , president of the Irish Planning Institute ( IPI ) , has said that while welcome , new regulations on providing safe and secure bike-parking facilities will not be enough to prompt use if cyclists do not feel safe on the roads .
Others have pointed to failings in providing specific details ; while the guidelines encourage the provision of racks and cages , they do not discourage inferior products that do little to prevent thefts .
Bike storage has been included in the “ Sustainable Urban Housing : Design Standards for New Apartments ” document published earlier this month by the Department of Housing , Planning and Local Government .
It notes that enabling people to move easily around cities and urban areas is now “ a fundamental planning concern ” .
“ Cycling provides a flexible , efficient and attractive transport option for urban living and these guidelines require that this transport mode is fully integrated into the design and operation of all new apartment development schemes . ”
Planning authorities must now ensure new proposed developments are “ comprehensively equipped ” with high quality bike parking and storage .
It sets out a requirement for a minimum of one cycle storage space per bedroom , and one space per two residential units for visitors .
Secure cages
They should be designed so that users feel safe – secure cages or compound facilities with electronic access and CCTV are recommended , as are individual bike lockers .
Cycling advocates pointed out a number of concerns regarding the policy .
The Dublin Cycling Campaign previously noted an historic “ under provision ” of secure cycle parking in apartment complexes . “ This has led to bicycles being stored in apartments and on balconies potentially detracting from visual amenity and increasing maintenance costs for communal areas , ” it said .
Geoff Liffey , chief executive of Cycling Ireland , said the issue of theft had to be addressed . They said people are not always comfortable leaving bikes in underground parking areas of apartment blocks as “ there is a high risk of not finding it the next day ” .
When theft leads to people giving up cycling , secure parking becomes a central tenet of increasing bike use .
David Timoney of the Dublin Cycling Campaign pointed to research that found one in six people who have had a bike stolen will not replace it .
While official Garda statistics show that an average of about 4,200 bikes are reported stolen every year in Dublin , they said the real level , when unreported crime is factored in , is about 12,500 , according to Central Statistics Office data .
Green Party councillor Ciarán Cuffe said the guidelines would go a long way towards improving cycling provision but is suspicious of developers ' capacity to deliver .
“ There 's not enough work being undertaken by local authorities to ensure compliance with planning conditions , ” they said . “ Unscrupulous developers can run rings around the local authority unless someone 's making sure that planning conditions are honoured . ”
Batavia man convicted of sexually abusing child
hello
A Batavia man faces up to 97 years in prison after being convicted of sexually assaulting a child for several years , the Kane County state 's attorney 's office said .
Joel Becerril , 37 , of the 1200 block of East Wilson Street , was convicted Thursday of three counts of predatory criminal sexual assault and two counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse -- all related to the abuse of a child younger than 13 that they knew .
Prosecutors presented evidence that Becerril sexually assaulted the child between 2006 and 2010 . They face 18 to 97 years in prison and must register for life as a sex offender . They had been free on $ 15,000 bond , but that was revoked upon conviction .
He 'll remain in the Kane County jail until he 's expected in court again for sentencing at 1:30 p.m. Oct. 4 .
`` This defendant 's family pressured on the victim to try to silence them But when a child discloses sexual abuse we will always listen , and we will always pursue justice and accountability , '' Kane County State 's Attorney Joe McMahon said .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — It was opening night for the Metropolitan Opera 's production of Massenet 's `` Cendrillon '' and Stephane Blythe — all but absent from the house for three years — was nervous as they sat backstage waiting to go on as the wicked stepmother .
`` I could feel the butterflies coming up , and I remember thinking , 'Oh , there 's no going back now , ' '' the American mezzo-soprano recalled in an interview . `` And all of a sudden I thought , 'You know , my character , Madame de la Haltiere , is not nervous right now . She 's angry , she 's frustrated , she 's excited . So why do n't you just let them take over ? So I did . I just sat back , and I just became them before I came onstage and everything was calm , everything was fine . ''
Better than fine , according to the critics . James Jorden on the Observer.com website praised Blythe 's `` scene-stealing turn , '' while Zachary Woolfe in The New York Times wrote : `` Her voice enormous and rich , Ms. Blythe wields it with palpable joy and considerable wit . Through sheer force of personality , their Haltiere takes on almost shocking humanity without stinting cartoonish glee . ''
`` Cendrillon , '' a French version of the Cinderella story , stars two other mezzos — Joyce DiDonato in the title role and Alice Coote as Prince Charming — and will be broadcast to movie theaters worldwide Saturday as the last of the Met 's Live in HD presentations this season .
Advertisement
Blythe has more than 200 Met performances to their credit since their 1995 debut , often in supporting roles made memorable by their all-enveloping voice and incisive delivery . They seem equally at home in comedy ( Dame Quickly in Verdi 's `` Falstaff , '' Baba the Turk in Stravinsky 's `` The Rake 's Progress ) or more somber fare ( Fricka in Wagner 's `` Ring '' cycle , Cornelia in Handel 's `` Giulio Cesare '' ) .
But `` Cendrillon '' had never been staged at the Met before , and Blythe said that when they signed on for the project , the role of the haughty , overbearing Madame de la Haltiere `` was not in my sights at all . ''
They said they found it `` outrageously difficult to learn in terms of text ... a lot of words jammed into a very little space . '' But vocally it 's `` a great part for me because it allows me to stretch more in the bottom range of my voice , which is nice because as I get older my voice is filling out more in the bottom ... I always wanted to be a contralto , so I 'm happy that I can sing a C below middle C . ''
Blythe had not performed in a full opera at the Met since 2015 , though they took part in the company 's 50th-anniversary gala in 2017 . She 's been busy elsewhere , often with unconventional projects : Gilbert and Sullivan operettas , Sondheim 's `` Sweeney Todd , '' a tour singing Kate Smith standards and a cabaret act with a drag queen that will be featured in Opera Philadelphia 's fall festival .
And she 'll be back at the Met next season , taking on the Marquise de Berkenfeld in Donizetti 's comic romp `` La Fille du Regiment '' and reprising their roles in each of Puccini 's three one-act operas performed together as `` Il Trittico . ''
ALL IN THE TIMING
Blythe credits director Laurent Pelly and conductor Bertrand de Billy with helping the cast fine-tune the comedy that makes `` Cendrillon '' such a treat .
`` I do n't think I 've ever done an opera where the music and the movement and the intention and the set all work in concert so well together , '' they said . `` What makes comedy is beats . When a joke particularly lands , it 's all about rhythm , it 's about space , it 's allowing something to hit .
`` Everything has to happen at exactly the right moment or it 's not funny , '' they said . `` And what 's beautiful is that because we 've done the work , we can enjoy it . And the audience can feel that . ''
WHERE TO SEE IT
`` Cendrillon , '' which also stars soprano Kathleen Kim as the Fairy Godmother and baritone Laurent Naouri as the hero 's father , will be shown Saturday . A list of theaters can be found at the Met 's website : http : //www.metopera.org/hd . In the US , it will be repeated on May 2 .
Report : Celtics were unwilling to give up Terry Rozier in potential Serge Ibaka trade
Danny Ainge is apparently a big-time Terry Rozier enthusiast .
According to a report by Jared Weiss and Keith Smith of CelticsBlog Tuesday , the Celtics had discussions with the Orlando Magic about a possible Serge Ibaka trade but were unwilling to give up the second-year guard Rozier .
Ibaka will become a free agent after the season , so it 's understandable that the Celtics might not have been willing to give up anything of value for them right now . But the 22-year-old Rozier , Boston 's first-round pick in 2015 , has n't exactly been a stud for them and is averaging just 5.6 points and 1.7 assists per game this season backing up Isaiah Thomas .
The Celtics do have a history of overvaluing their own assets , so we 'll see if passing on Ibaka , who was instead traded to one of their major Eastern competitors in the Toronto Raptors , will come back to haunt them .
Image via Terry Rozier on Instagram
Sheriff 's deputies respond to fires at five locations in span of 90 minutes Sunday
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department has arrested a Carpinteria man as a suspect in a series of five fires set in the city early Sunday .
Brian Dean Rathbun , 51 , of Carpinteria was booked into the Santa Barbara County Jail on five counts of arson . Bail was set at $ 250,000 .
Sheriff 's deputies from the Carpinteria Station responded to five fires between 5:50 and 7:14 a.m. Sunday .
Department spokesperson Drew Sugars released the following descriptions of each fire , all set in Carpinteria :
» Cabo 's Baja Grill & Cantina , 5096 Carpinteria Ave . There were fires in two outside trash cans . The only damage was to the trash cans .
» City Market Center , 5296 Carpinteria Ave . There was a fire in an outside trash can . The building suffered smoke damage and an outside vending machine was destroyed .
» Montecito Bank & Trust , 1023 Casitas Pass Road . There was a fire in an outside trash can . The only damage was to the trash can .
» McDonald 's , 1115 Casitas Pass Road . A fire was set in a trash can inside the bathroom of the restaurant . The building suffered smoke damage and damage to the trash can .
» AM/PM , 1116 Casitas Pass Road . A fire was set in a trash can inside one of the building 's bathroom . The building suffered smoke damage and damage to the trash can .
Sugars said evidence at the AM/PM yielded suspect information , leading deputies to Rathbun of Carpinteria , who was arrested about 10 a.m. Sunday at Carpinteria State Park .
— Noozhawk managing editor Michelle Nelson can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The number of mortgage approvals rose more than 14 per cent in the year to the end of April , new figures from Banking & Payments Federation Ireland ( BPFI ) show .
The value of mortgages was up almost 20 per cent in the year , and 10.4 per cent compared to March , the figures showed .
A total of 3,751 mortgages were approved in April , with almost half granted to first time buyers . Mover purchasers , meanwhile , accounted for 29 per cent of the monthly total .
But first-time buyer mortgage approval volumes were down 1.1 per cent over the year , with mover purchase approval volumes increasing by 15.4 per cent .
Residential investment letting mortgage approvals rose to 168 during April , a rise of 27.3 per cent in volume compared with the same month in 2017 .
Meanwhile , consumers were hunting down better value , with re-mortgage and switching approvals rising 103.5 per cent in volume terms to 485 .
In total , there were 3,031 purchase mortgage approvals worth €705 million in April 2018 .
The figures showed the total value of mortgages approved in the month was around €842 million , with €400 million going to first-time buyers and €281 million to movers . Remortgaging and switchers were worth €116 million , while top-up approvals of €21 million represented a rise of 60.4 per cent year-on-year . Buy to let totalled €25 million .
Rising property prices were reflected in the yearly figures , with the average home purchase approval up almost 6 per cent to €237,732 .
First time buyers were approved for mortgages worth an average of €225,000 , a rise of 7.7 per cent , with the average mover purchase approval at €258,533 , an increase of 1.7 per cent year on year .
The figures came as the OECD warned of another potential property bubble amid rising house prices and rapid credit growth .
Salman Khan Slams Sushant Singh Rajput for Misbehaving ; Here 's why | FilmiBeat
Way back in the 90s , Salman Khan was known for their 'infamous ' temper and fights . But with time , the actor learnt their lesson and sobered up .
But recently , an incident left the 'Tiger Zinda Hai ' actor fuming in anger . Want to know more about it ? Read on to know ...
Sushant 's Tiff With Sooraj Pancholi As per a Filmfare report , Sushant Singh Rajput behaved badly with Salman 's protégé Sooraj Pancholi at a party . The News Of This Fight Reached Salman 's Ears However things blew out of proportion when the news of Sushant 's fight with Sooraj reached the superstar 's ears . Salman Reprimanded Sushant The report further suggests that Salman lost their cool when they heard about this incident and immediately called up Sushant to give them a piece of their mind . Sushant Apologized Apparently , Sushant was quite rattled by Salman 's rebuke and apologized to them for their bad behaviour , and promised they would never repeat the act again . Salman 's Shocking Statement It may be recalled that sometime back there were reports that Salman will be making a film with Sushant and Jacqueline Fernandez under their production banner . When Salman was asked about this at an event , they asked , `` Who Sushant ? '' When told about the actor , they had said , `` Sushant Singh Rajput ! Why will I make a film with him ? ''
Hmmm ... looks like Salman and Sushant do n't share friendly vibes . Ouch !
Two 3-month-old wolverine kits and their mother play in the snow outside their den May 3 in the William O. Douglas Wilderness east of Mount Rainier . The remote cameras are jointly operated by Cascade Carnivore Project and the U.S. Forest Service .
Sears Holdings announced plans in January 2017 to close its Wilmington Kmart store by spring . ( Photo : Sarah Johnson/WWAY )
WILMINGTON , NC ( WWAY ) — When Wilmington 's Kmart closes its doors , one of its neighbors could move into the property .
Stevenson Honda has filed an application with the city of Wilmington to expand its lot onto the site on S. College Road , according to city spokesperson Malissa Talbert .
Stevenson GM Pat Koballa told WWAY the dealership is just looking at possible options to expand , and that its filing to the city simply asks some questions to get that ball rolling .
The Wilmington Kmart was among a list of closures announced last month as Sears Holdings , which owns Kmart and Sears , looks to cut struggling locations . It 's one of four North Carolina Kmarts that will close this spring and one of 78 across the country .
Talbert says the city has not received any official plans for the expansion . They say city staff is in preliminary discussions , but nothing has been scheduled in the review process .
It looks to many house hunters who line the pavements on Saturday mornings queueing with a host of others that the property bubble in Dublin is back – or at least well inflated .
Then a house like Woodview on St Johns Road in Enniscorthy comes to the market at a price that would n't buy you a lot 72 miles away in the capital . The 208sq m detached Victorian home in pristine condition is asking €330,000 through Sherry FitzGerald O'Leary Kinsella .
Dining room of Woodview
Inside , the house retains a host of period features such as marble fireplaces – there are three in total , sash windows , cornicing and ceiling roses .
The property has three reception rooms – the dual aspect drawing room has a fine bay window which floods the room with light – as do the French doors in the living room , which open out into the garden . Ceiling heights are an impressive 12 ft .
The wide hallway has new handmade carpets by V'Soske Joyce - now known as Dixon Carpets , who also create bespoke carpets for private jets and super-yachts .
The kitchen , in country style lies to the back of the house . Painted in pale creams , it houses an Aga and leads to a fine size utility , allowing the kitchen to be streamlined .
Rear garden of Woodview offers potential
Upstairs are four bedrooms , three fine doubles and a smaller room which is currently used as a study .
There is pedestrian access to the front of the property through wrought iron gates , and to the side vehicular access with off street parking for a number of cars . There are two outhouses in the garden which could have a multitude of uses . The rear garden could do with some planting and offers lots of potential for green fingered enthusiasts .
Spacious hallway with handmade carpets at Woodview
Woodside is an impressive period property , and the price is also attractive , in fact on a cost per sq m basis to build a 208sqm house you would n't have much change after site costs and you certainly would not have the period charm .
There is a depressing statistical comparison that should shame all of us who voted twice for President Barack Obama 's ascent to the White House . Our man , a former constitutional law professor who pledged to reverse the Bush administration 's abuses of national security concerns , has charged seven government whistleblowers , including Edward Snowden , with violating the Espionage Act . That 's more than double the combined three charged with leaking classified information by all previous presidents , George W. Bush included .
The defense of their unprecedented prosecution of those who dare tell us the truth is that we live in particularly dangerous times , an obviously absurd notion given the civil wars , foreign threats and other sources of mayhem periodically experienced by most of the world 's nations . At its best , the “ metadata ” aggregation , including the logs of all email traffic and telephone calls , is a paranoid assault on our right to personal space enshrined in the Fourth Amendment . At worst it is an out-of-control grab for worldwide power over the new information age .
As a New York Times account Sunday suggests , “ A close reading of Mr. Snowden 's documents shows the extent to which the eavesdropping agency now has two new roles : It is a data cruncher , with an appetite to sweep up , and hold for years , a staggering variety of information . And it is an intelligence force armed with cyberweapons , assigned not just to monitor foreign computers but also , if necessary , to attack . ”
A surveillance power run amok ? The latest disclosures from Snowden 's leaks published in the German magazine Der Spiegel on Sunday turn out to have nothing to do with national security and everything to do with a compulsive and unseemly snooping not only into the lives of ordinary citizens throughout the world but also into the diplomatic correspondence , including trade and other negotiating strategies , of some of our closest allies .
How inconvenient to the outraged innocence of the National Security Agency and its private for-profit counterpart Booz Allen Hamilton to find the names of France , Italy , Japan and Mexico among the 38 embassies and missions bugged at will by our electronic spooks , along with the Washington and Brussels office of the European Union . The code-named Dropmire bugging of the encrypted fax machine at the EU and other invasions of the organization 's private data were , as The Guardian summarized Sunday the content of the leaked documents , “ to gather inside knowledge of policy disagreements on global issues and other rifts between member states . ”
Germany is one of those member states , prompting that nation 's justice minister to declare Sunday : “ If the media reports are correct , this brings to memory actions among enemies during the Cold War . ... If it is true that EU representations in Brussels and Washington were indeed tapped by the American secret service , it can hardly be explained with the argument of fighting terrorism . ”
This was a sentiment echoed by French President Francois Hollande on Monday : “ We demand that this stop immediately . ... There 's enough evidence for us to ask for an explanation. ” And French technology minister Fleur Pellerin was so impressed with the significance of the information leaked by Snowden that they entertained the idea of an international whistleblower protection for individuals who leak information exposing what they believe is illegal activity . “ There is no international statute that allows for the protection of these people if necessary , ” Pellerin said Monday . “ I think it is a good occasion to get into the subject , which is a gray area of international law . ”
So was Snowden a “ traitor , ” as both California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein and former Vice President Dick Cheney have insisted , or a genuine whistleblower , as some of our allies are beginning to grasp for letting folks around the world in on the dirty secrets of U.S. intelligence ? Put another way , how could Feinstein , who heads the Senate Intelligence Committee , and Cheney , who used supposedly secret data on WMDs to lie us into the Iraq War , not have been in the know on the sordid details that Snowden shared with the rest of us ? And if they thought such activities to be admirable , why were they unwilling to inform the public of the extent of the surveillance programs ?
Nor can they claim to be horrified by the very act of leaking secret information , since both know well that is the norm in the Washington practice of governance . Just ask outed former CIA agent Valerie Plame . Or in a rare instance of a highly placed official possibly being held accountable , there is the example of Gen. James Cartwright , vice chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 2007 to 2011 , who is reported to be the target of an investigation into the leak of classified information to the New York Times concerning U.S. cyberattacks on Iran 's nuclear program .
Cartwright is being represented by former Obama White House counsel Gregory Craig , and you can rest assured that they will not be charged with violating the Espionage Act or called a traitor by the likes of Cheney and Feinstein . The information they are suspected of leaking made our government look good , or at least those in power will think so .
Our government is treating Snowden as the most dangerous global outlaw because the information they released does not make us look good . Quite the contrary , it has , for the first time , forced an international debate on the threat of routine government electronic surveillance to the very notion of individual freedom . Even President Obama , while vilifying Snowden and insisting that “ the American people do n't have a Big Brother who is snooping into their business , ” has suggested that we need to debate the tradeoffs .
“ When they say they want to have a debate on this issue , they passed on every opportunity to have a debate about it , ” Jennifer Hoelzer , a former aide to Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden ( who attempted in vain to get such a debate going ) , pointed out to the New York Times on Friday . “ You had to wait until someone illegally disclosed it ? That seems disingenuous . ”
That someone was Snowden , and the fact that they were essential to raising this issue and enabling debate establishes their bonafides as a much-needed whistleblower .
— Robert Scheer is editor of TruthDig.com , where this column originally appeared . Contact them at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) , follow them on Twitter : @ Robert_Scheer , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are their own .
Orchestration , a market estimated to grow to US $ 14 billion by 2021 , is emerging as a preferred path to cloud management for service providers and enterprises looking for self-service application and network provisioning and optimal resource utilization and control . The latest version of the open-source Cloudify orchestration software makes big strides toward giving both major user groups—service providers and enterprises—the features they need to orchestrate the most demanding cloud applications and network services without compromising on robust security .
Cloudify is an open-source orchestration platform and a widely deployed , production-grade implementation of the TOSCA standard . It offers management and automation of both applications and network services in heterogeneous environments , as well as distributed management through clustered management . Cloudify delivers fine-grained role management , with tenancy and access control built in to enable full control . It includes self-service capabilities enabling historical analysis of resource usage , providing deep and intelligent insights about performance and cost .
* * * Register today for the Cloudify 4.2 Webinar for a look at the latest release * * *
Cloudify 4.2 launches today at Kubecon/CloudNativeCon in Austin with features to serve enterprises and service providers looking to make the transition to virtualized and cloud-native infrastructure . Organizations are now able to do so without compromising on security and regulatory demands . The new version delivers this with features such as :
production-grade , role-based access control ( RBAC )
single sign-on ( SSO )
lightweight directory access protocol ( LDAP ) integration
multi-tenancy , standard support through the pure ARIA TOSCA plugin
interoperability and cross-cloud functionality through the new Kubernetes provider plugin
cost and performance optimization through the new Insights-as-a-Service
New Highlights
Integration with Kubernetes // Cloudify 4.2 makes Kubernetes , the default open-source Linux container management software , interoperable with the rest of the world through a native multi-stack and multi-cloud provider written in Go .
Cloudify 4.2 makes Kubernetes , the default open-source Linux container management software , interoperable with the rest of the world through a native multi-stack and multi-cloud provider written in Go . Security features // The new version offers hardened multi-cloud security with RBAC and enhanced network security through advanced multi-tenancy , security assertion markup language ( SAML ) authentication and LDAP support , including the popular SSO platform Okta .
The new version offers hardened multi-cloud security with RBAC and enhanced network security through advanced multi-tenancy , security assertion markup language ( SAML ) authentication and LDAP support , including the popular SSO platform Okta . Governance and control features // Cloudify 4.2 offers improved cloud governance with RBAC , which helps reduce the risks of issues like data breaches , data being written to the wrong availability zone or cost overruns . Cloudify orchestration technology sits between the application and the infrastructure . This enables control of not only who gets access to which resources but also how resources are used for specific applications . Templates are available for different roles depending on the degree of access and control needed for the business case .
// Cloudify 4.2 offers improved cloud governance with RBAC , which helps reduce the risks of issues like data breaches , data being written to the wrong availability zone or cost overruns . Cloudify orchestration technology sits between the application and the infrastructure . This enables control of not only who gets access to which resources but also how resources are used for specific applications . Templates are available for different roles depending on the degree of access and control needed for the business case . The new Insights-as-a-service provides utilization and cost analysis allowing IT operators to gain better control and visibility over the overall utilization per user and application deployment .
provides utilization and cost analysis allowing IT operators to gain better control and visibility over the overall utilization per user and application deployment . UI features // An improved user interface is now open sourced into the community edition , offering templates and custom widgets , the Composer ( a drag-and-drop interface for creating YAML templates ) baked in , and two-way template Composer editing .
The Importance of Cloud Native Support
The new version supports custom infrastructure for Kubernetes , offering the ability to reimplement without rewriting multiple instances on the same cluster . This makes interoperability possible with other stacks and pre-existing stacks . Now everyone—and not just developers—can manage complex Kubernetes clusters .
Some additional real-world examples of how the Cloudify Kubernetes plugin is being deployed :
Service function chaining of virtual network functions ( VNFs ) such as URL filtering , UTM , vRouter and vFirewall connecting to applications running on Kubernetes
Cloud Native Hybrid Stack use case—running a Quagga router on Kubernetes , and a VNF firewall running on a Linux virtual machine ( VM ) on OpenStack
Instantiating VMs on Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and Google Cloud Platform ( GCP ) via Cloudify Manager , and leveraging the Kubernetes plugin to run workloads on Google Container Engine ( GKE )
Enterprises and service providers are transitioning into cloud and adopting common frameworks and practices to manage their cloud services . Nati Shalom , co-founder and CTO of Cloudify observes , “ There are still many challenges to make those frameworks interoperable with existing environments and allow better control and governance . Cloudify 4.2 comes with Kubernetes providers that allow interoperability with multi-cloud and multi-stack environments , new security features that allow better control as to how the cloud infrastructure is used , and new insights-as-a-service that adds utilization and cost insights . It also improves network security by allowing applications to create their own private network and firewall rules as part of the application lifecycle . ”
Partner Quotes
“ Service providers who want to transition to NFV and fully virtualized environments are seeing challenges with adopting modern cloud practices while integrating existing network infrastructure and delivering carrier-grade solutions . Cloudify 's integration with pure TOSCA and Kubernetes coupled with Tech Mahindra 's end-to-end solutions , being applied in the real-world at leading telcos such as Proximus , has built a robust partnership with a unique capability to deliver a carrier-grade solution today , while maintaining future compatibility to integrate with industry standards such as ONAP tomorrow . ”
—Manish Singh , Network Services , Tech Mahindra
“ The relationship between Aptira and Cloudify began focused on a specific project to maximize the utilization and reduce costs of a large carrier 's MPLS network . The success of this project enabled Aptira to expand upon this into additional projects including IT , involving the new Cloudify capabilities for supporting Kubernetes and hardened security on OpenStack and VMware . The new support being shipped will enable additional adoption of the open orchestration concept , bridging the networking world and IT through a common orchestration platform . ”
—Roland Chan , COO , Aptira
IHC Calf and Rural Scheme has been cancelled for the first time in 33 years due to the risk of spreading the Mycoplasma bovis disease .
The long-standing fundraising programme generates more than $ 1 million annually for people with intellectual disabilities .
IHC national manager fundraising Greg Millar said IHC would not be picking up calves or organising calf sales this year .
Millar said despite significant improvements in systems , the risk remained too high .
`` This is an important decision and one that we have not made lightly .
`` IHC looked at every possible way to keep the scheme running as is , but after deliberating with MPI [ Ministry of Primary Industries ] we determined it was too much of a risk .
`` We have a real obligation to do what is right for New Zealand farmers , their livelihoods and long-term sustainability . ''
Self advocacy co-ordinator at IHC New Zealand , David Corner , has a mild intellectual disability and mild autism .
Corner who has worked at IHC for 21 years representing people who have an intellectual disability , said although this year 's cancellation was personally sad , `` it was the most responsible thing to do '' .
Corner was proud to be part of a scheme which `` helps boost confidence and self-esteem '' of those with an intellectual disability .
Southland farmers Chris and Charleen Withy have donated since 2004 and at times have pledged two calves . The couple have elected to make a cash contribution instead this year , equivalent to the price a weaner bull calf .
`` It 's a great charity that we have supported for the last 14 years , and it 's something that we can easily do to help , '' said Chris Withy .
`` I think they have made the right decision . If we are serious about eradicating Mycoplasma bovis , the industry and anyone associated with it , needs to do everything they can to minimise the possible spread of the disease . ''
Chair for IHC Association North Otago , Pip O'Connell , said they hoped people found other ways of supporting their work despite the cancelled fundraiser .
`` Coming from a rural community and having a child with an intellectual disability , I know how important it is to have this local support . ''
PGG Wrightson general manager of livestock , Peter Moore , said the rural community had always been strongly behind the scheme .
`` There may be disappointment that it 's not running but the community will understand . ''
IHC provides up to $ 30,000 a year to local associations that goes towards resources such as the Take a Break programme for families , as well as the IHC library .
O'Connell said : `` There certainly are n't `` how to '' books in our libraries to help us navigate our way through what to expect when we first learn of our child 's diagnosis .
`` Even seemingly simple things like toilet training or when it comes to going to school for the first time , or transition after school , the library is a huge resource . ''
IHC would like to encourage people who want to continue to support people with intellectual disabilities to donate and take part in our virtual calf scheme , donating $ 300 in lieu of a calf , by visiting www.ihc.org.nz/pledge .
Advertisement
`` We would also like to acknowledge what a tough time this has been for farmers , and we 're making a commitment to those in rural communities around New Zealand who have supported those with intellectual disabilities over the past 33 years .
`` IHC is very grateful for the ongoing support in this difficult year of the key sponsors , in particular PGG Wrightson , who has supported us from the beginning of the calf scheme . ''
Global Intracranial Pressure ( ICP ) Monitoring Market Expected to Reach at a Strong CAGR till 2024 . Intracranial pressure ( ICP ) monitoring is used in treating patients suffering from severe brain injury . In this process a sensor device is being used and placed inside the head to measure the pressure inside the skull and send it to a recording device .
Intracranial Pressure ( ICP ) Monitoring Market major players
Natus Medical Inc. ( U.S. ) , Nihon Kohden Corporation ( Japan ) Philips Healthcare , ( Netherlands ) , GE Healthcare ( U.K. ) , Siemens Healthcare ( Germany ) , Compumedics Ltd. ( Australia ) , Electrical Geodesics Incorporated ( U.S. ) , Medtronic Inc. ( Ireland ) , CAS Medical Systems , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Advanced Brain Monitoring ( U.S. ) .
Ask Here For PDF Sample Copy of Report : https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/703 .
Intracranial Pressure ( ICP ) Monitoring Market Growth Influencer
The major growth drivers of Intracranial pressure monitoring market is increasing Global incidence and prevalence of neurological disorders , rising awareness about neurodegenerative diseases , technological advancements in brain monitoring devices and growing incidence of traumatic brain injuries .
The shortage of trained professionals , high cost of complex brain monitoring devices , unfavorable reimbursement policies and concerns regarding the accuracy of diagnostic devices are the major restraints of ICP market .
Intracranial Pressure ( ICP ) Monitoring Market Regional Analysis
The regional analysis comprises of North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East and rest of the world .
North America
North America dominates the ICP monitoring market due to large number of traumatic brain injury cases . Also , the growing number of Traumatic Brain Injury ( TBI ) cases and need for continuous ICP monitoring of the patients suffering from TBI are the factors driving the intracranial pressure monitoring devices market in the U.S. Additionally , Increasing Awareness About Neurodegenerative Diseases and Rising Government Initiatives are also propelling the market towards growth .
North America market is broadly classified into product and applications . Based on product the market is segmented into Extra Ventricular Drainage ( EVD ) and ICP Monitors whereas based on applications market is segmented into Traumatic Brain Injury , Intracerebral Hemorrhage , Meningitis and Others .
Asia
Asian countries are showing the highest growth rate in the upcoming years . The growing neurological complications and government initiatives for raising the awareness in people towards the neurological complications and its treatment is driving the ICP Monitoring market . Japan , China , and India are relied upon to be among the highest developing markets for the intracranial pressure devices because of different ventures and research offices .
Intracranial Pressure ( ICP ) Monitoring Market segmentation
ICP monitoring market segmentation can be done by method , market , Instrument , applications and End-users .
ICP monitoring market by Method : Invasive and Non- invasive , by Market : external ventricular drain , fiber optic monitor , strain gauge transducer and air-pouch device market , by Instrument : Devices and accessories , by Applications : Traumatic Brain Injury , Intracerebral Hemorrhage , Meningitis , and Subarachnoid Hemorrhage , by End-users : Trauma centers , hospitals , clinics and diagnostic laboratories .
Get Prime Discount On This Premium Report : https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/703 .
Intracranial pressure monitoring ( ICP ) market Application
Intracranial pressure ( ICP ) monitoring is mainly used in hospitals for patients suffering from brain injury , meningitis and intracerebral hemorrhage . There are multiple ICP products that have been used in hospitals such as Surgical Instruments , IAP-Monitoring , Hydrocephalus , CSF drainage and many more .
The microtransducers and ventriculostomy is included invasive method whereas tympanic membrane displacement , transcranial Doppler , CT scan/ MRI , optic nerve sheath diameter , and fundoscopy is included in noninvasive methods
Few Chapters From Table of Content
Chapter 1 INTRODUCTION
1.1 Definition
1.2 Scope Of Study
1.3 Research Objective
1.4 Assumptions & Limitations
Chapter 2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
2.1 Research Process
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
Chapter 3 MARKET DYNAMICS
3.1 Drivers
3.2 Restraints
3.3 Opportunities
3.4 Macroeconomic Indicators
Chapter 4 MARKET FACTOR ANALYSIS
4.1 Porters Five Forces Model
4.2 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
4.3 Bargaining Power Of Buyers
TOC Continued… .
Any Query ? Enquire Here : https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/703 .
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Statistical Report , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future Office No . 528 ,
Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road ,
Hadapsar , Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
By Vincent Ujumadu
AWKA—A LARGE quantity of fake Kiwi Polish worth about N30 million has been destroyed in Anambra State following an order by an Onitsha High Court presided over by Justice I U Ndigwe .
The court upheld an earlier agreement made out of court by the parties involved in the matter for the destruction of the fake Kiwi Polish .
The fake products , which filled two trailers , were evacuated from a warehouse on the bank of the River Niger in Onitsha by the Nigeria Police following a tip off and packed at the Central Police Station , Onitsha since last year .
Alleged importers of the product , Hyginus Chukwuma and Uju Anike , later went to court to challenge the confiscation of the products and following the judgment by Justice Ndigwe , security operatives and Chief Sam Anyanwutaku , whose company , Asco Investment , is the sole agent for Kiwi in West Africa , agreed to destroy the fake products .
The execution of the court order which was carried out at the weekend was supervised by the police and officials of SC Johnson , manufacturers of the Kiwi brand of polish in West Africa .
Speaking after the destruction , which took place on the outskirts of Awka , the Managing Director of SC Johnson in charge of the West African sub- region , Mr. Oghale Elueni accused regulatory agencies of frustrating the efforts of manufacturers by willingly refusing to act when complaints against fake product importers were brought before them .
They said : “ When you take a report to them ( the agencies ) , you find out that it takes as long as six months before they work on your complaint , at which time the importers of the products would have been alerted . ”
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) `` The Latest on a self-described neo-Nazi arrested after federal agents found bomb-making materials in their Florida apartment ( all times local ) :
5 p.m .
The defense attorney for a self-proclaimed neo-Nazi arrested after federal agents found bomb-making materials in their Florida apartment says allegations that their client was planning a bombing are a `` pure fabrication . ''
Ian Goldstein made the remark on Tuesday after a hearing during which a judge delayed deciding whether to release Russell on a $ 200,000 bond .
Advertisement
Federal prosecutors say Russell 's roommate Devon Arthurs killed two other roommates and told them that Russell had been planning to use explosive materials found in the unit to bomb civilians , synagogues and nuclear plants . Arthurs now faces two murder counts in state court for the slayings .
Goldstein called Arthurs a `` double murderer trying to help themselves who has clear mental issues . ''
The judge said Tuesday that if Russell is released , they will be required to wear a monitoring device , and will not be allowed to use a computer `` to promote or engage in neo-Nazi activities during the pretrial period . ''
___
2:30 p.m .
A federal judge has set a $ 200,000 bond and issued conditions for the release of a self-proclaimed neo-Nazi arrested after agents found bomb-making materials in their Florida apartment while investigating the slayings of their two roommates .
U.S. Magistrate Judge Thomas McCoun III issued the release terms on Tuesday for 21-year-old Brandon Russell , who faces charges of unlawful storage of explosive materials and other related charges .
Russell 's roommate , Devon Arthurs , was arrested last month on suspicion of fatally shooting 22-year-old Jeremy Himmelman and 18-year-old Andrew Oneschuk . Authorities say Arthurs told them they killed the two because they were neo-Nazis who disrespected their recent conversion to Islam .
Police investigating the slayings found bomb-making materials in the Tampa apartment , and Russell later told agents they were his . Arthurs said Russell was planning to use the explosives to harm civilians , synagogues and nuclear facilities .
Judge McCoun ordered Russell placed in the custody of their grandmother in Orlando , and barred them from using a computer `` to promote or engage in neo-Nazi activities during the pretrial period . ''
___
10 a.m .
Federal prosecutors say a neo-Nazi arrested after agents found bomb-making materials in their Florida apartment while investigating the slayings of their two roommates planned to use the explosives to harm civilians , nuclear facilities and synagogues .
Court documents filed Monday say a third roommate arrested in the killings told authorities that 21-year-old Brandon Russell had been targeting the sites .
The murder suspect , Devon Arthurs , was arrested last month after telling police they fatally shot 22-year-old Jeremy Himmelman and 18-year-old Andrew Oneschuk because they were neo-Nazis who disrespected their recent conversion to Islam .
Arthurs told police Russell was not involved in the shootings , but that they were planning a bombing .
The documents also state that police found two rifles , hundreds of rounds of ammunition and a skull mask in Russell 's car .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
Three prison inmates were found with a total of 19 mobile phones in their stomachs and anuses after a metal detector check .
The group were given X-rays after setting off a metal detector during a check in a prison in the city of Presidente Bernardes , in the south-eastern Brazilian state of São Paulo .
One had five small mobile phones in their anus , and another four . The third had ten of the devices in their stomach , along with headphones .
The two with the phones secreted in their anuses did not require treatment but the man with ten in their stomach had to undergo surgery to remove them .
Advertisement
Police seized the devices and the inmates are the subjects of an ongoing investigation .
× An x-ray shows objects that were found in a man 's stomach Photo / Australscope An x-ray shows objects that were found in a man 's stomach Photo / Australscope
According to official sources , the prison was opened in November 1990 and has more than 2041 inmates despite its intended capacity being 1247 .
The type of mobile phone discovered inside the men 's bodies was not reported but the smallest commercially available model is thought to be the J8CZ , branded as Long .
The thumb-sized handset measures 68 x 23 x 11 millimetres .
Manufacturers describe it as being ideal for parties , the idea being that users can put their SIM card into the tiny phone and keep it with them in outfits that have only small pockets .
UK employment hits record high at end of 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The longtime local resident has been an active Rotary member for three years
Sunanda Bhargava has been elected president of the Rotary Club of Goleta Noontime for 2011-12 .
They joined the Rotary three years ago and has been an active member ever since . They served as club secretary in 2010 .
Sunanda has traveled extensively all over the world for personal and business reasons , and has been associated with Rotary International through family and friends since high school .
They have worked and lived in Santa Barbara for more than 25 years .
They are the chief information officer for Santa Barbara Bank & Trust . They are proud to be one of many Rotarians from the local bank that has served the community for more than 50 years .
Sunanda has a master 's degree in architecture and planning and a master 's degree in business administration from State University of New York .
— Christine LeBon for Rotary Club of Goleta Noontime .
Speedrunner Marc Rutzou has held the world record for Goldeneye 007 's Train level since 2010 , improving on times that no other runner could match . Their long reign has finally come to an end as another runner finally managed to tie their record .
Goldeneye 007 speedrunning is refined to the point that even saving a second is a big deal . Records are often tied by multiple runners at once , but not Rutzou 's . But Rutzou 's 57 second world record for the Train level on “ Agent ” difficulty was tied yesterday by Swedish speedrunner Henrik “ Omega ” Norgren .
The run itself is a blur of movement . Goldeneye speedrunners look down at the ground to reduce lag and avoid framerate problems . Norgren 's run is a wild rush in which Bond looks at their feet , weaves between enemies , and destroys the train 's breaks using their watch 's laser before zipping away into the night . On higher difficulties , runners ca n't simply rush to the exit butAgent difficulty saves time at the end of the level since runners are not forced to wait for Natalya to hack a nearby computer .
Rutzou first achieved an untied Train world record in December 31 , 2010 , with a time of 59 seconds and slowly improved it to a 57 second run that he 's held since 2015 . A long period of untied world records is called an “ untied reign. ” Rutzou 's reign was the longest in the game 's history . It remains to be seen if Norgren or another runner will set a better time .
Goldeneye records can remain tied for years before being broken , as was the case for a tied record set in 2002 which was finally broken last December . The new longest untied world record is held by American runner Daniel “ Wodahs ” Coelho for a 1:30 time for the Caverns level on 00 Agent difficulty set in 2016 .
TNT 's Gregg Bell , Dave Boling on Lions coming to Seahawks in Saturday 's playoff opener
Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
1:33
Stuart Bowen 's Oct. 13 lecture is free and open to the public
Stuart Bowen , special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , will lecture about “ Oversight Under Fire : Hard Lessons Learned from the Iraq Inspector General ” at 3:30 p.m. Thursday , Oct. 13 in Westmont College 's Darling Foundation Lecture Hall , Room 210 in Winter Hall .
The lecture , sponsored by the Westmont Political Science Department , is free and open to the public .
Bowen has served in Iraq for seven years and returns in November for their 31st trip to the battle-scarred country . As the taxpayers ' watchdog in Iraq , Bowen oversees more than $ 63 billion in U.S. funds , including the Iraq Relief and Reconstruction Fund , the Iraq Security Forces Fund , the Economic Support Fund , the International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement funding and the Commander 's Emergency Response Program .
They have managed the production of 364 audits and inspections , issued five comprehensive lessons learned reports , and provided 30 quarterly reports on Iraq reconstruction to the U.S. Congress . Their oversight work has produced financial benefits to the United States in excess of $ 1.1 billion and has yielded 56 convictions for fraud and other crimes .
In 2006 , the President 's Council on Integrity and Efficiency awarded Bowen the Gaston L. Gianni Jr . Better Government Award for “ demonstrating integrity , determination and courage ” in providing independent oversight and unbiased review of U.S. reconstruction efforts in Iraq .
In May 2010 , the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum presented them with its David M. Walker Excellence in Federal Government Performance and Accountability Award for outstanding oversight work . They served as inspector general for the Coalition Provisional Authority in January 2004 before serving in their current position in October 2004 .
Bowen served President George W. Bush as deputy assistant , deputy staff secretary , special assistant and associate counsel . From 1994 to 2000 , they held a variety of positions on Gov . Bush 's staff in Texas , including deputy general counsel . They have served as an assistant attorney general of Texas and as briefing attorney to Texas Supreme Court Justice Raul Gonzalez .
Bowen is a military veteran , having served four years on active duty as an intelligence officer in the U.S. Air Force , earning the rank of captain and the Air Force Commendation Medal .
Bowen , who is licensed by the Texas State Bar , is board certified in administrative law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization and admitted practicing before the U.S. Supreme Court , lower federal courts and all Texas state courts .
They graduated from the University of the South before earning a juris doctor from St. Mary 's School of Law .
— Scott Craig is the media relations manager for Westmont College .
New Zealand Rugby is not prone to alarmist statements or snap decisions so their imminent move to facilitate sabbaticals with overseas clubs emphasises how difficult player retention has become .
Player exodus is nothing new but the vast majority used to depart after a four-year World Cup cycle . Now , the lure of the All Blacks and chance to feature at pinnacle events is not enough for some even within the match-day squad . Regardless of age , securing financial futures is fast becoming top priority .
NZR previously broke the mould and set a trend in the Southern Hemisphere by allowing non-playing and short-term sabbaticals for the likes of Dan Carter , Richie McCaw and Ben Smith .
Rather than sit idle and watch talent — from experienced to emerging — continually picked off , NZR is again preparing to move with the times and be flexible by forging relationships with overseas clubs .
Advertisement
Details are yet to be finalised but the Herald on Sunday can reveal NZR plans to offer sabbaticals with select clubs in Japan and Europe — those they feel have sound coaching structures and support systems .
Specific clubs at this stage are being kept under wraps but Wayne Smith will do some work with Japan 's Kobe Steelers , and Robbie Deans coaches the Panasonic Wild Knights in the same league . In Europe , there are many Kiwi coaches — Todd Blackadder at Bath just one .
The theory is by attempting to facilitate offshore stints , NZR can allow leading players to cash in for one or two years and then guarantee their return .
While the players are overseas NZR will , in theory , maintain contact and believe these players wo n't be run into the ground as they are by demanding owners at many of the French Top 14 clubs .
Still , for an organisation steadfast in its policy of not selecting players from overseas , actively helping All Blacks spend time abroad represents a major shift .
Convincing agents to send players to designated clubs will prove challenging , especially when salaries elsewhere are greater , but NZR is clearly attempting to think outside the box .
`` There 's a range of things we can try to do to control our own destiny . Part of that is absolutely working closely with partners offshore , '' NZR head of professional rugby Chris Lendrum told the Herald on Sunday .
`` There can be benefits both ways by working with entities in Japan or the European market . That absolutely has to be on the table for us — and is . It 's a real focus for us over the next six months to look at what else we can do from a system and contracting point of view because we have to try and retain as many of our leading players as possible .
`` We 're entering a period of greater risk than we 've seen for quite some time . We 're having to constantly adjust our relativity in response to offshore activity so it is a really challenging period . The offers from the French market have jumped considerably and there 's more room and competition in the UK . ''
There 's a range of things we can try to do to control our own destiny . SHARE THIS QUOTE :
When Luke Braid and Nasi Manu , two quality loose forwards just below the All Blacks , left New Zealand two-to-three years ago they are thought to have accepted around €200,000 to €300,000 ( $ 338,000 to $ 507,000 ) per season . Now offers for players of similar stature have jumped to the €400,000 to €500,000 category .
French clubs have been boosted by record broadcast deals , and the UK 's 12 Premiership teams are all scrapping for marquee players .
In late 2016 , NZR and the Players ' Association invested an extra $ 70 million into the player payment pool , increasing the pot from $ 121 million to $ 191 million over the next three years . And yet still they struggle to compete .
`` At the time we did the new collective I thought we were in a good space , '' Lendrum said .
`` We committed extra money ; we targeted senior players and it was really well received but you never really catch up . ''
Not just those at the top end may benefit from this sabbatical scheme .
`` It 's tough . Seeing players like Brad Shields and Charlie Ngatai go is very challenging for us . Those are our experienced leaders in our Super Rugby environments ; players who help develop the younger players like Damian McKenzie and Rieko Ioane .
`` It 's that depth in leadership that helps drive our Super Rugby and All Blacks . If we lose a critical mass of players in that space we leave ourselves at risk . Normally we get into this window and we feel a little bit more comfortable because we 're so close to a World Cup and by and large people want to be involved but the world is changing in front of us . ''
Indeed , while most leading All Blacks are locked in to the 2019 World Cup , fears are understood to be mounting about what the New Zealand rugby landscape could look like come 2020 .
No doubt new talent will emerge , but Super Rugby and so , too , eventually the international game , could suffer dramatically if key players exit at the same rates .
`` In this climate we 're not prepared to take anything for granted . ''
World Rugby boss Brett Gosper , speaking at the inaugural Hamilton sevens , admitted the flow of players from the Sanzaar nations north was an issue but offered no solution .
`` I 'm sure there 's concern , '' Gosper said .
`` There 's a little bit of an imbalance happening and there is an attraction with the big dollars in countries like France .
`` We have heard noises from the French federation that they will work to cut those [ import ] numbers which would be good news for France as well as the unions from which those players are migrating north .
`` The All Blacks have been very strong at keeping their own but there will always be the player that heads north because they are happy to find riches elsewhere . They 've got to make that choice about whether that 's worth sacrificing a place in their national side .
`` There 's not a lot we can do about that at World Rugby — there 's pretty strong market forces . But it 's up to the local unions to make it as attractive as possible to stay in the country . ''
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience . By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ..
An excited Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport looks ahead to the start of the new Formula One season .
Toto Wolff
We 're excited to go racing again . Everything we 've done over the past months were just the first steps on the road to start our 2018 campaign – from the first build of the car to the first fire-up , from the launch in Silverstone to testing in Barcelona . Now , it 's time to find out what we 've got : like the old saying goes , when the flag drops , the bullsh * t stops .
Last year , the competition was very close and there was no moment where we could afford to relax . Ferrari put up a very tough fight and we had a proper battle between silver and red . This year promises to bring an exciting three-way fight between us , Ferrari and Red Bull . Everyone in Brackley and Brixworth has worked extremely hard over the past months to make sure we enter that fight with the best machine possible .
Both our drivers seem reasonably happy with our new car , but it remains yet to be seen how well it performs when driven in anger . The reduction in the number of power unit components means that reliability will again play an important role in 2018 . Our reliability in testing looked good but we need to be careful to draw any conclusions from that – despite getting some good mileage with the new car in Barcelona , many of its components have not even come close to the life they need to complete during the season .
We will tackle this new season with the same dedication , team spirit and energy that has made us strong in the past . Each of us has the mindset that last year 's Championships belong in the past ; yesterday 's trophies do n't win today 's games . A new season feels like climbing Mount Everest - we 've done it successfully in the past , but we 're only in the base camp at the moment . It will be a tough journey , with the same target , but different challenges to master along the way . Right now , we start this long season on zero points like every one of our rivals . And we have to give it everything to be successful again this year .
Featured this Week : The Longest Journey
Moving a team from one country to another is never easy , but this is especially tricky when it 's a 10,500-mile journey across the globe . The daunting 24-hour trip is the longest on the 2018 Formula One calendar , but it definitely makes for a unique start to the new season .
Heading to the vibrant , bustling city of Melbourne has become a familiar season-opening trip for the F1 paddock . It 's one of the most popular locations on F1 's schedule , which makes the journey a little bit easier , and there 's always a giddy sense of excitement and anticipation .
But , while it 's a great place to start the new campaign , transporting an F1 team to Melbourne is a mammoth task . In total , over 100 people from our Brackley and Brixworth factories will be attending the first round in Australia . This means a similar number of flights ( which feature stopovers in either Abu Dhabi or Singapore ) and a fleet of 25 Mercedes-Benz cars need to be organised .
Of course , the F1 travelling circus does n't just include people . An array of equipment is needed to run an F1 team across a race weekend and there 's also the small task of getting the new cars from one side of the world to the other , as well…
So , there 's over 40 tonnes of air freight and 23 tonnes of sea freight to transport to Melbourne , from more basic items such as chairs , tables , garage walls and hospitality decorations to complicated equipment such as starter motors , the pit wall and the most intricate thing of all – the latest Mercedes F1 creation , the F1 W09 EQ Power+ .
The cars and their components are part of the air freight , which departed for Melbourne last week and touched down on Sunday . Heavier items – such as tyre and grid trollies – are part of the sea freight , which obviously has a completely different schedule… & lt ; /p >
There are a number of different sets of sea freight , so they can be shipped to locations all over the world at the same time . Each race requires three 40-foot containers-worth of sea freight , which was waved off for Australia mid-way through January and only arrived last Friday .
“ There 's a set-up team out there in Melbourne , who started offloading all the sea freight , heavy-duty equipment and the garage panelling when it arrived on Friday , ” explains Mark Shepherd , Freight Team Leader .
“ They built the shell of the garage over the weekend and then when all the air freight reached its destination , the race team and garage technicians arrived to offload it and populate the rest of the garage with all the cars , car parts and other equipment . ”
For the departments handling the transportation of team members and freight , Australia is just like any other race , apart from the fact it takes longer for everything and everyone to get there . As Mark says , all races “ have their own idiosyncrasies ” but “ it 's a similar process , wherever in the world ” you are travelling to .
Long-distance travel takes its toll on the human body , though . Therefore , detailed preparation is vital . Those making the day-long voyage over to Melbourne have got to be in tip-top shape , because not adapting to the staggering 11-hour timezone shift can impact the performance of a highly-skilled racing team .
There are a number of tactics and techniques that can be deployed to make that happen . For every hour of time difference , there 's a 24-hour delay in adapting to that new location . So , for the trip from Brackley to Melbourne , it would take eleven days to properly settle into that timezone if nothing is done .
Team members have a sleeping plan to help shift their body clock across to the new timezone . Some will start to move gradually across to this in the days leading up to the flight and team members back in Brackley , who are working on Melbourne time to support from HQ , also have their own planned adjustment .
The flights to Australia are picked to fit as best they can into the sleeping plans . Obviously , the perfect scenario is n't possible all the time . But the hope is that they can start to adapt to Melbourne time on the flight – sleeping when it 's night time in Oz and eating meals at the same time as their destination .
Sticking to light food on the flight and keeping well hydrated is recommended . When they 've landed , light and dark exposure is also something that must be considered , as are meals , meal timings and amount of exercise ( the team has a physio and coach heading out to Melbourne ) .
Of course , the drivers follow these plans too and take them to new levels in order to be as prepared as possible for the seven hours of intense track time ahead of them . They 'll only complete light exercise , as it helps speed up the acclimatisation process and all the necessary training was already completed before setting foot on the plane .
While some team members may prefer the longest journey of the season to come later in the year , starting the season with the Australian Grand Prix means everyone feels that bit fresher and more energised compared to the gradual fatigue that sets in .
Even though the car launch and testing period on the run-up to Melbourne is an intense time , people are in a more positive and eager frame of mind , wanting to get back on the road and racing again . They do n't have much longer to wait .
Community Commemorates 155th Anniversary of Civil War Battle August 12 , 2017
One hundred fifty-five years ago , a furious and bloody battle swept through the peaceful streets of Lone Jack . Raw Confederate recruits , many literally defending their homes , clashed with seasoned Union soldiers from Lexington in the “ bloodiest battle fought west of the Mississippi . ”
On August 18 and 19 , the Lone Jack community will commemorate the battle that took place in the middle of town . The Lone Jack Historical Society invites everyone to come see what new information the archeologists found at their recent project dig . We now have a preliminary idea of the size of the original building .
In addition to the historical society events Saturday morning and afternoon at the park , community member activities will begin on Friday evening and continue through Saturday evening .
Friday evening at 7 p.m. a live 80s music band plus a beer and wine garden will start the Commemoration activities .
Saturday morning at 7 a.m. the Boy Scouts present their pancake breakfast to start the day 's activities . At 7:30 a.m. the Lone Jack Park Board scavenger hunt begins on the park grounds .
At 9:15 a.m. opening ceremonies for historical society activities will be held in front of the museum .
From 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. historical society members will visit with descendants of the soldiers who fought in the battle and local families . We encourage these descendants to bring photos of their ancestors , documents , etc . pertaining to the battle and/or local history . We will have a scanner available to scan them for our historical library and return the originals .
During this time also , the Lone Jack Food Pantry will be holding a food drive and selling delicious Mennonite jams and pickles . Kids can try their hands at old-time games and participate in a taffy pull sponsored by the PTA . The Lone Jack branch of the Mid-Continent Public Library will have a booth on the grounds and feature a fine forgiveness day .
At 10:00 a.m. the always-emotional wreath-laying ceremony and soldiers ' recognition will be conducted with the assistance of Elliot 's Scouts , a reenactment group . The sound of bagpipes will float across the grounds as Andi Gamblin , a member of Kansas City 's St. Andrew 's Pipe and Drums , plays in recognition of their sacrifices .
Following the ceremony , the board of aldermen will present their annual community award on stage . After that , any descendants who would like to tell a story about their ancestor will have an opportunity .
At 11:00 a.m. the award-winning Bluegrass Missourians again will entertain us with period-style bluegrass music .
At noon descendants are invited to partake in a reunion picnic . People are encouraged to bring chairs or blankets for the band and/or the reunion picnic .
At 4:30 p.m. the Boy Scouts will begin serving supper on the museum grounds . At 5 p.m. an old-fashioned fiddle contest will be held . At 7 p.m. the fun moves to the beer and wine garden for a live country band .
For a complete schedule of events , please see the accompanying schedule .
For information on Commemoration , watch the historical society 's website at www.historiclonejack.org or visit our Facebook page . To volunteer or for more information , contact Alinda at 816.805.1815 or president @ historiclonejack.org .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Plans to start a sheep dairy , complete with creamery , hotel , bar and restaurant have been submitted for an historic farm in the Derbyshire countryside .
The proposals , submitted to Amber Valley Borough Council by John Bailey and Heather Benbow , would see Wakebridge Farm , northwest of Crich , house the new business .
The main farmhouse building on the site is Grade II listed , possibly dating back to 1772 - it would be restored as part of the project .
Once in operation , if approved , the new business aims to provide agricultural and veterinary employment and training opportunities .
It also hopes to offer opportunities to the public , particularly children and people from non-rural backgrounds , to get involved and observe how products are made - “ from field to plate ” .
This would largely involve artisan cheese production .
( Image : John Bailey and Heather Benbow )
The application also states that the proposal would “ bring new agricultural technologies to Derbyshire which although present on the Continent are rare in the UK .
It continues : “ Ahead of changes in the UK farming industry as a consequence of Brexit this could help to make the domestic agricultural sector more sustainable and ensure the farm continues to be part of a working landscape .
“ In terms of social sustainability , the proposal will bring educational opportunities ( for both visitors , who will be able to tour the farm and see agricultural production first hand , and those involved in the technologies and farming practices on site ) and facilitate the restoration of and public access to , a designated heritage asset .
“ Whilst the reuse of traditional farm buildings will always result in some change to their character , this must be balanced against the benefits of their restoration and long-term up keep .
“ The stone farm buildings are no longer suitable for agricultural purposes and a means of keeping them maintained needs to be found .
“ Many of the buildings are in a poor state of repair .
( Image : John Bailey and Heather Benbow )
“ Some traditional features have also been lost ( for example the replacement of traditional roof coverings with corrugated sheeting ) .
“ The redevelopment proposals offer the opportunity to restore the buildings , reinstate lost features , better reveal and celebrate their historic significance ( for example removing the concrete lean to in the courtyard to reveal the stone archways behind ) and facilitate public access . ”
The old farmstead would become a hotel with restaurant and bar , and the prefabricated farm buildings would house the sheep dairy and creamery .
The application states that “ the farm is extremely well situated in terms of catering for tourism demand in the area . ”
Meanwhile , the former pig sties would be restored and repaved with cobbles to provide an outdoor seating area .
Two timber cabins would also be built on the site , to cater for dairy workers .
The plans will be debated by the borough council planning committee in the next few months .
( Image : John Bailey and Heather Benbow )
All about sheep 's milk :
While sheep usually produce less milk than goats and much less than cows , sheep milk sells for a significantly higher price per pound , almost four times the price of cow milk .
Sheep have been raised for milk for thousands of years and were milked before cows . The world 's commercial dairy sheep industry is concentrated in Europe and the countries on or near the Mediterranean Sea .
Sheep milk is highly nutritious , richer in vitamins A , B , and E , calcium , phosphorus , potassium , and magnesium than cow 's milk .
Most of the sheep milk produced in the world is made into cheese .
( Image : John Bailey and Heather Benbow )
Some of the most famous cheeses are made from sheep milk : Feta ( Greece , Italy , and France ) , Ricotta and Pecorino Romano ( Italy ) and Roquefort ( France ) .
Sheep milk is also made into yogurt and ice cream .
As of December 2015 , there were 23.1 million sheep and lambs in the UK .
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Stuttering Device Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included SpeechEasy , VoiceAmp , SpeakFluent .
The Stuttering Device Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Stuttering Device industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stuttering-device-market/10766/ # requestforsample
The Stuttering Device Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Stuttering Device Market Products Type Segmentation : Miniature Altered Auditory Feedback ( AAF ) Devices , Others
Stuttering Device Market Applications Segmentation : Hospital , Drug Store , Others
Key Highlights of the Stuttering Device Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stuttering-device-market/10766/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Stuttering Device market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
New Rugby Australia boss Raelene Castle will bring a much-needed fresh pair of eyes and ears to an institution which sorely needs them .
The appointment of Castle , a New Zealander , is a significant one and it is significant too that the candidate they apparently beat out in the final run to the role was one Phil Kearns , the occasionally controversial television commentator and former Wallabies hooker .
New Zealand Rugby has often been accused of being a closed shop , an `` old-boys ' club '' and while elements of those old amateur traits continue at the organisation , it has taken a huge shift into a more professional and enlightened mindset recently - witness its Respect and Responsibility Review and determination to make women 's voices heard with more female representation on its boards .
But rugby in New Zealand has always been the game for all people – one which is easily accessible across all economic levels . That 's not something that rugby in Australia can claim to be . It is often seen as a game for public schoolboys , the posh set , and hopefully for the game 's sake Castle can break down those perceptions and make it more inclusive .
Advertisement
It 's difficult to see how Kearns could have led that charge .
It wo n't be easy and they will find barriers along the way , but Castle is an ambitious and capable administrator who as a former chief executive of the Bulldogs in the NRL can already lay claim to being a groundbreaker .
Castle apparently had designs on being the boss of New Zealand Rugby and in truth that would probably have been an easier gig . New Zealand Rugby 's high performance model is about is good as it can get . The All Blacks are the pinnacle ( and successful and increasingly lucrative – the Wallabies are falling down the rankings and the ARU has financial issues ) , and everything flows down from them .
Former Wallabies hooker Phil Kearns . Photo / Photosport
The five Super Rugby franchises are aligned , and the opposing coaches often meet and discuss developments in the game , while the now four Australian franchises are often bitterly divided and more so now than ever after the culling of the Western Force .
There will be pressure on the Melbourne Rebels to find some improvements fast as the competition alternates between expansion and restriction and the same goes for the Queensland Reds under new coach Brad Thorn .
The pressure on rugby in Australia from the other football codes is as high as it 's ever been , and yet they have the player numbers to be far better than they are . Last year Australia had about 230,000 registered rugby players – New Zealand had just over 150,000 .
The talent is there and those who love the game will hope that Castle help unlock it . From the outside looking in , they appear to be the best person for the job . The ARU have chosen wisely .
CORAL GABLES , FLA. ( WSVN ) - The Coral Gables City Commission has ruled that Police Chief Ed Hudak did not act inappropriately after they took a photo with several female officers during a pool party .
A host of residents and fellow officers showed to support Hudak during a Tuesday morning City Commission meeting where officials determined Hudak 's fate .
The city launched an investigation into Hudak after they attended a pool party for one of their officers and posed for a picture with several fellow officers .
After the photo was taken , the city received an anonymous letter accusing them of misconduct .
After a nine-month probe , the City Manager Cathy Swanson announced their decision . “ I 've decided to rescind the reprimand in the best interest of the city , ” Swanson said .
“ I appreciate the manager 's decision to look at it again , ” Hudak said . “ I came in today prepared to defend myself and because they revisited it , we are fine . ”
Hudak has run the Coral Gables Police Department since 2014 . He 's a 28-year veteran with the department .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
BEIJING ( AP ) — China 's supreme court threw out a retail tycoon 's fraud conviction on Thursday in an unusual show of leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions and prosecutions that has rattled the Chinese business world .
Zhang Wenzhong , former chairperson of one of China 's biggest retail chains , Wumart Stores Inc. , was released in February after serving 12 years in prison on charges that included improperly obtaining technology development subsidies .
The Supreme People 's Court ruled that while Zhang , a computer scientist who studied at Stanford University and founded Wumart in the 1990s , violated rules in applying for the subsidies , they did so unintentionally and their company was eligible to receive them .
Zhang and another executive who was convicted had no `` subjective intention '' to commit fraud , the court said . It said their conviction was a `` misapplication of the law and should be corrected . ''
Advertisement
The ruling was a rare success by a high-profile defendant in a law enforcement system that is in the midst of a marathon crackdown led by President Xi Jinping on official corruption and financial misconduct .
A series of Chinese businesspeople have been prosecuted or detained for questioning since 2016 about possible offenses including fraud , embezzlement and bribery .
On Wednesday , a lawyer for the imprisoned founder of China 's biggest privately owned insurance company said they will appeal an 18-year prison sentence on fraud charges . Wu Xiaohui of Anbang Insurance , which owns New York City 's Waldorf Hotel , was convicted of improperly raising billions of dollars from investors and diverting company to their own use .
The founder of a Shanghai-based company that was buying a stake in Russia 's biggest oil producer , Rosneft , was detained in March , according to news reports . A Chinese-born Canadian business person disappeared from Hong Kong in early 2017 and news reports say they might have been abducted by mainland police for possible trial .
Zhang was accused of improperly obtaining 31.9 million yuan ( $ 4.9 million ) from a government program for a logistics and information management project . Prosecutors said only state-owned companies were eligible and Zhang colluded with a subsidiary of a government enterprise , China Chentong , to obtain the money .
The supreme court said the rules had changed by the time Wumart applied and private companies were eligible .
`` It is in accordance with the industrial and development policies of that time , '' the court said .
It gave no indication why a lower court that upheld Zhang 's conviction in 2009 failed to notice the rule change that would have freed him .
Zhang stepped down as chairperson of Wumart 's parent company after being detained in 2006 .
The supreme court also overturned Zhang 's conviction on charges they and other investors improperly used 40 million yuan ( $ 6.1 million ) from a customer 's account at an insurance company to trade stocks .
The facts of that case were unclear and `` lacked sufficient evidence , '' the court said .
Andrew Milligan / PA Archive/PA Images ID : 10534369
It 's been eight months since the UK voted to leave the European Union , despite a majority of voters in Scotland opting to remain . In the days after the vote , one of the big unanswered questions was if the conflicting results between Scots and voters in the rest of the UK would push Scotland towards independence .
Since then , Scotland 's first minister , Nicola Sturgeon , has said another independence referendum is “ highly likely ” , European politicians are already discussing how to fast-track Scotland 's entry to the EU , and the Scottish parliament voted against triggering Article 50 in a symbolic ballot – but how do voters in Scotland feel ?
Here are five things we can take away from the polling of Scottish voters since the EU referendum on June 23 .
1 . Despite an initial surge after the vote , Scots do n't seem any more keen on becoming independent – yet . What Scotland Thinks / Via whatscotlandthinks.org ID : 10534452
In the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote , three successive polls showed that a majority of Scots would vote Yes in a fresh independence referendum . However , the last 12 polls in a row have showed that No has taken back a solid lead .
Taking people who are undecided out of the equation , polls for the past seven months have showed support for independence remains at around 45 % – roughly where it was during the first referendum in 2014 .
Having said that , the most recent poll at the end of January , released by The Herald and polling company BGM , suggested independence support had spiked to 49 % , leading former first minister Alex Salmond to say it was “ game on ” .
However , Scotland 's leading polling expert Professor John Curtice dulled some of that excitement among independence supporters by saying the poll could just be the result of the random chance in all polling samples .
Curtice said : “ To date at least , there is insufficient evidence to draw the conclusion that the disagreement over Brexit between the UK and the Scottish governments has altered the balance of opinion on independence . ”
It wo n't be clear if that will be a sustained spike until we see the results of a few more opinion polls , which will become particularly interesting after Theresa May triggers Article 50 , starting the formal process of withdrawing from the EU .
2 . There has definitely been some movement , though – the number of Remain voters who have moved to Yes is roughly equal to Leave voters who have moved to No . YouGov ID : 10534477
According to polling company YouGov , the lack of movement on Yes and No figures of independence opinion is n't down to no one changing their minds , but lots of people changing their minds in different ways .
The analysis suggests that there are slightly more people who voted Yes in 2014 and Leave in 2016 , but who would vote No in another independence referendum , than those who voted No and Remain , but would vote Yes in IndyRef2 .
As such , the new Yes voters – the ones who voted No last time but would now like to see an independent Scotland inside the EU , and the crucial swing voters Sturgeon needs – are effectively being cancelled out .
YouGov 's Chris Curtis said : “ The movement among [ Remain and No voters ] has been offset by a much larger swing amongst those that voted Yes to independence in 2014 but then voted to Leave the EU last year .
“ Despite only making up 14 % of Scottish voters , over 3 in 10 ( 35 % ) of these Leave and Yes voters have since abandoned their pro-independence position , with 25 % now saying they would vote to stay in the Union . ”
According to a poll by Lord Ashcroft , over a third of SNP voters went against their party with a Leave vote last June , and it appears , so far , that some are not prepared to give up leaving the EU for the prize of Scottish independence .
3 . Around half of Scottish voters do n't want to have another referendum on independence anytime soon . whatscotlandthinks.org ID : 10534496
Straight after the EU referendum , it appeared that a majority of Scottish voters wanted a fresh independence vote within two or three years – however , this has significantly dropped off in the subsequent eight months .
In the three polls on the subject since the EU referendum , support for another independence referendum inside the next two or three years – while the UK government is negotiating with the other EU members – has experienced a huge drop from 43 % to 27 % .
However , it 's not all bad news for the Scottish government , as another 23 % appear to want another independence referendum a little bit further in the future after the UK has finished negotiating with the EU – which would be around two or three years from now .
Those two figures added together means there is roughly a 50/50 split between people in Scotland who want another referendum in wake of Brexit and those who do n't think it 's necessary .
4 . The EU and independence referendums have split Scottish voters into four distinct groups . yougov.co.uk ID : 10534760
Analysis by YouGov has shown that most Scottish voters now fall into four groups : Remain and No , Leave and No , Remain and Yes , and Leave and Yes .
The analysis suggests that both groups of people who voted Yes in 2014 still overwhelmingly support the SNP . However , No voters who also opted for Remain in June are more likely to vote Labour , and No voters who chose to Leave the EU are more likely to support the Conservatives .
Moreover , and crucially for Sturgeon 's hopes of winning a second independence referendum , 14 % of those who voted Remain and No are now undecided about how they would vote on the independence issue next time .
It is these voters , alongside EU nationals resident in Scotland , that the SNP will hope to persuade to vote Yes and boost its support over 50 % in the case of another referendum on independence in the next few years .
5 . The pro-independence Scottish National Party is still Scotland 's overwhelmingly dominant political force . whatscotlandthinks.org ID : 10534588
The SNP 's landslide victory in the 2015 general election in Scotland , where it won 56 out of 59 seats , was only a year and a half ago . In 2016 , it went on to win another Scottish election although it narrowly missed out on winning an outright majority .
The situation has n't changed . In the most recent polls last month , 47 % of respondents said they would vote SNP in another general election , which suggests it will go on to storm Scotland 's upcoming local elections in May .
Another poll , carried out by Panelbase for the pro-independence site Wings Over Scotland , also showed the continuing rise of the staunchly pro-union Scottish Conservatives , who are polling on 26 % .
The full results show that Ruth Davidson 's Conservatives are now twice as popular as Kezia Dugdale 's Labour among Scottish people who voted against independence in the last referendum in 2014 .
Meanwhile , Labour 's overall support has fallen to around 15 % .
THE GIVEAWAY :
One winner will win two tickets to Holiday World , valid until October 28 , 2018 .
DEADLINE :
You have until Tuesday , July 10 at 11:59 PM EDT to enter . Good luck !
TO ENTER :
Fill Out The Form Below !
Authorities say Jennair Gerardot and Meredith Chapman were found shot to death in a Pennsylvania home . ABC 6
After multiple public statements from the White House , there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn 's Monday-night resignation from their position as national security adviser .
Flynn is under fire for a discussion they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about `` eroding trust '' between President Trump and Flynn , rather than a legal issue , and they said it was Trump 's decision to have Flynn step down . House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump 's call . Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway , who said the move was Flynn 's .
Here are six the questions we still have about the events :
1 . What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in their call with Kislyak ?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about `` trust '' and that there was `` nothing wrong or inappropriate '' about Flynn 's call with the ambassador . There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community , NPR has confirmed . It shows there was discussion about the sanctions . `` Still , current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn , '' the New York Times reported .
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which they denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told them the call was to convey Christmas greetings , condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir , Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
In their resignation letter , Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others `` incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . ''
2 . Did Flynn 's conversation influence Russia 's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own ?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump . The administration expected Russia to retaliate , but it never did . At the time , Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin 's decision not to react .
3 . Why wait until now to ask for a resignation ?
NPR 's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn 's public statements did n't match what occurred .
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , since fired over their stance to not enforce Trump 's travel ban , told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call 's actual contents . Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately .
Spicer said that the White House has been `` reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis '' for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions .
As the Washington Post notes , though , on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that they `` was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls . ''
4. Who was behind the initial leak ?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador ? Trump themselves asked Tuesday morning in a tweet , `` Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington ? '' Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in their briefing .
The Washington Post 's Callum Borchers has three theories on `` why the Trump White House keeps leaking '' :
They ca n't help but gossip ,
It 's all distraction , getting media to pay attention to `` who has power , rather than what the people in power are actually doing , '' or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to `` cast the media as a political opponent . ''
But it 's also possible , if not likely , that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department . That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump 's White House is being run .
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday , NPR 's Susan Davis reports .
`` Here 's what I know : Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador , in fact that 's their job , '' Nunes said . `` Who did break the law is whoever recorded this , unmasked it and leaked it , that is clearly multiple violations . ''
5. Who will replace Flynn ?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is `` currently evaluating a group of strong candidates . ''
Three are thought to be the leading contenders :
Ret . Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser , named with Flynn 's resignation ;
, the acting national security adviser , named with Flynn 's resignation ; Ret . Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration . He 's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran ; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration . He 's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran ; and Ret . Gen. David Petraeus , the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $ 100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman they were having an affair with . Their probation expires in April .
Also in the running is John Kelly , who was recently confirmed as Trump 's homeland security secretary , NPR 's Tom Bowman reports .
But , Bowman reports , the smart money is on Harward for now .
6 . Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway ?
Trump is known to pick up their cell phone . And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump 's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign .
Flynn surely has that number . And there 's some precedent for it . Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser , including Corey Lewandowski , who was was fired as Trump 's campaign manager in June .
The Spice Girls might be cooking up another reunion for their fans !
Baby , Scary , Sporty , Ginger , and Posh hinted that they may soon be back to Spice up our lives .
Mel B got together with their former bandmates , and they had to share the reunion with the world !
They wrote , “ These amazing women have helped me become who I am , so to all the girls out there remember ‘ friendship never ever ends ' ! ! ! ! Boom # spicegirls # coloursoftheword # wantwereallyreallywant # mumsworkinghard # blastoff ”
From Mel 's hashtags , it looks like the Spice Girls are gearing up to work together again !
The last time we saw the girls perform was at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . It 's not clear what prompted the girls to catch up this week , but they released a joint statement to confirm that a reunion could be on the horizon !
“ We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching-up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together . We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls , ” they shared .
“ The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together , ” they continued , announcing that they 're all looking forward to another Spice Girls project . “ We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls , while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations . ”
Victoria Beckham also posted the same picture with their own caption , sharing how sweet it was to see the girls again . They also captured a short clip of the reunion with a very special guest on Ginger 's hip–her new son !
RELATED STORIES :
Mel B Cuts Them Ex-Husband 's Name From Them Body In Extreme Tattoo Removal
Mel B Throws Water On Simon Cowell During Live Taping Of ‘ AGT ' After They Bring Up Them Ex Husband
HAUTE OR NAUGHT : Is Mel B . A Gold Platter In This Jumpsuit ?
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
British spending on property in the euro zone has more than halved in the first three months of this year due to the fall in the value of the pound , according to data released by Fexco .
The low point was in January 2017 when transaction values slipped to 78 per cent below the same month in 2016 . Transaction levels in February 2017 recovered slightly to close out the month 42 per cent lower than the same period a year earlier .
The improving trend continued in March with transaction values up by 24 per cent on February .
“ While the triggering of Article 50 has brought no greater insight on what the final Brexit deal will look like , the start of the divorce process has at least injected some reassurance into the market . For now it is returning confidence – rather than new clarity – which is spurring would-be buyers into action ” said David Lamb , head of dealing at Fexco corporate payments .
The analysis also shows that Britons have cancelled all but essential payments for European property including mortgage payments , maintenance or management fees .
Mr Lamb suggests that buyer confidence was initially dented on the back of the weak pound as well as fears about whether UK citizens could face restrictions on living in an EU country after Brexit .
Those concerns mean would-be investors should consider a currency hedging strategy to ensure they get the best value for their investment , they added . “ No one wants to buy an overseas property only to discover they could have got it cheaper if they had waited . ”
BuyLolSmurfs is the main distributor for League of Legends Smurf Accounts that offers lifetime warranty for its accounts . This website is the right destination for all the inspired gamers , who want to buy reliable accounts , intended to reach their gaming goals . BuyLolSmurfs is the most secure seller that offers the safest platform for smurf acquisition .
Nowadays there 're lots of people , who are passionate about computer games and particularly League of Legends , and so , are involved in the exciting process of playing this popular game . Therefore , there 're lots of gamers , who are looking for the best way to buy League smurfs , while increasing their chances for a successful play .
It 's obvious that the acquisition of smurf accounts has become particularly topical , since there 're lots of suppliers , who offer LoL smurfs at affordable prices . However , most of these suppliers do n't provide any warranty for their accounts , simply because they level their accounts using very unsafe methods . Thus , taking advantage of this unsafe distributors and paying less for low-quality LoL smurf accounts , you risk wasting your money , even if the price is quite low . The main reason why you should be reasonable , refusing to buy insecure smurf accounts is the problem that they can be simply banned anytime .
In case you want to be sure of your LoL Smurf Accounts , you should buy them by BuyLolSmurfs , which employs just safe and reliable methods to provide their clients with the best value for money . The lifetime warranty , supplied by BuyLolSmurfs , implies that this provider will replace your banned account by a new one .
In order to buy LoL Smurfs , you can visit the official internet site of LoL Smurf Accounts and learn the conditions of acquisition along with the variety of packages and their prices . One of the key benefits , offered by BuyLolSmurfs is that this website provides an exceptional customer service , allowing you being sure of quality of your accounts and also getting just the positive experience , dealing with this online distributor of League accounts .
About BuyLolSmurfs :
BuyLolSmurfs.com is the right spot for all those gamers , who are looking for high quality League of Legend smurf accounts accompanies with the best customer support . The ordered accounts are delivered to the email address of BuyLolSmurfs clients straight after the payment is made . BuyLolSmurfs presents the safest way to invest your money in LoL smurf accounts , simply because every account comes with the lifetime warranty .
Contact :
E-mail : support @ buylolsmurfs.com
Contact Person : Jose
Full Address : 1 Place Ville Marie , Montreal , Quebec , Canada
Phone # : 514-413-4245
Email : support @ buylolsmurfs.com
Website : www.BuyLoLSmurfs.com
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. ( AP ) — In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday , the suspect in February 's massacre at a Florida high school announcing their intention to become the next school shooter , aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying `` you 're all going to die . ''
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others .
Cruz , wearing a ball cap , introduces themselves in the first video and says they are `` going to be the next school shooter of 2018 . '' They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland . The videos are undated , but on one they say , `` Today is the day . Today it all begins . The day of my massacre shall begin . ''
`` When you see me on the news , you 'll all know who I am , '' they say in another and then laughs . `` You 're all going to die . ... Ca n't wait . ''
Advertisement
In a second video , Cruz briefly discusses logistics , including that they will take Uber to campus about 2:40 . They then says he 'll walk onto campus , go up some stairs , open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing . School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did —the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m .
In the third video , the camera apparently pointed at pavement , they talk about their loneliness , anger and hatred , and announces that the `` day of my massacre shall begin . ''
`` I live a lone life . I live in seclusion and solitude . I hate everyone and everything . But the power of my AR you will all know who I am . I had enough of being told what to do and when to do , '' they say . `` I had enough of being told what to do and when to do . I had enough of being told that I 'm an idiot and a dumbass . You 're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs . ''
They also referenced a former girlfriend , saying `` I hope to see you in the afterlife . ''
Cruz , 19 , is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack . Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole , but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty . Cruz is a former Stoneman Douglas student .
The Broward State Attorney 's Office released the video because under Florida law , with few exceptions , evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant 's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process . Cruz 's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and `` further hurt and inflame the victims ' families and the community . ''
`` This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is , '' Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein , whose office is representing Cruz , said in a statement .
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer into Stoneman Douglas . They spent several months there before being kicked out . Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs .
3 Stars — Engaging
It 's no secret that professional sports are financial goldmines . What is not as clear is how disconnected the money can be from the actual ability of a team to win a game .
Though perhaps more difficult to apply to other sports in which the statistics are not as complete nor the number of games so numerous , baseball went through a change in 2002 when economic analysis combined with statistical probability to predict victory . Based on the true story of Billy Beane ( Brad Pitt ) and a fictional sidekick named Peter Brand ( Jonah Hill ) , Moneyball is the tale of how such a change occurred .
Based on a book by Michael Lewis and adapted for the screen by two veteran writers , Steven Zaillian ( Gangs of New York and Hannibal ) and Aaron Sorkin ( The Social Network and Charlie Wilson 's War ) , director Bennett Miller creates a film that displays the complexity of both the people involved and the sport they conspired to change .
Beane has a love-hate relationship with the game . Deciding to forgo a full-ride scholarship to Stanford University because of the promises of professional baseball scouts , they believed them when they said they had what it takes to be a star in the major league .
But Beane struggled on the field and off as they bombed on the field and switched to the head office , eventually becoming the general manager of the Oakland Athletics . With a fraction of the money to work with that teams such as the New York Yankees had to lure players to their franchise , Beane nevertheless was able to raise good players through their farm system .
But when they were raided of their three best players in one year by the wealthier teams , they happened upon Peter Brand , who was working for the Cleveland Indians . With a degree from Yale University in economics , Brand had developed a sophisticated system for evaluating players over the long haul . Though any individual game might not fit the system , the whole season was statistically predictable . Beane decided to try Brand 's plan .
Though it is history as to what the outcome of their decision created , we wo n't spoil it for those who do not know baseball . But for every viewer , what makes the film compelling is the human dimension exploring the inner struggles of Beane as well as their relationship with their daughter , Casey ( Kerris Dorsey ) .
The climax of the film is when Beane is offered a $ 12 million contract to leave their daughter in the Bay Area and take a position for the wealthier Boston Redsox . Stating that they once made a decision for money and they would never do so again , this is the underlying message of Moneyball . It may involve money , and some may participate only because of it , but in the final analysis , Beane as well as baseball is not about the money but about the game . For those who learn that lesson , life becomes more than a game .
Discussion :
» When a scout evaluates a player 's confidence by the attractiveness of their girlfriend , what do you think that does to both the man and the game ?
» The courage it took for Beane to manage their team based on “ sabermetric ” principles is obvious . If you had been in their place , do you think you could have withstood the pressure both from the media and your own coaches and scouts ?
» Beane 's belief that if they watched a game they would jinx it meant that they had to forgo their pleasure of watching baseball . Is there any superstition in your own life that is costing you the pleasure of something you love ?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary . Hal Conklin is former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is pastor of Free Methodist Church , 1435 Cliff Drive . For more reviews , visit www.cinemainfocus.com .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin is stepping down from their television commitments and will head back to rehab following their arrest on suspicion of drink-driving on Sunday .
Saturday Night Takeaway , which McPartlin hosts with presenting partner Declan Donnelly , will not air this weekend as scheduled .
McPartlin 's publicist said in a statement : `` Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments .
`` He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future . As such Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday . ''
An ITV spokesperson said : `` ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend .
`` We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series ( March 31 and April 7 ) which would not feature Ant , who is taking time off to seek treatment .
`` We very much hope that they get the help that they need . ''
( Image : ITV )
McPartlin , 42 , was involved in a collision with two other cars while they were driving their Mini in Richmond , west London , and was arrested at around 4pm on Sunday after failing a roadside breathalyser test .
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said that they were `` taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation '' and that inquiries continue .
Police previously confirmed that a number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries , and a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution .
It marked the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star , who works as Ant and Dec with Donnelly .
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015 .
They returned to screens in November for I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! and jokingly mentioned their rehab stint along with their TV partner .
In January , McPartlin confirmed that they and their wife Lisa were separating after 11 years of marriage .
At the National Television Awards a few days after the split , McPartlin referred to their `` tough year '' while picking up the presenting prize with Donnelly .
Some people might think they feel capable of driving after an alcoholic drink or two but the law limits alcohol consumption for those intending to drive immediately after drinking to 4 units for men and 3 units for women .
That equates to 35 micrograms of alcohol/100ml breath , 80 milligrams/100ml blood , 107 milligrams/100ml urine .
In plain English 1 unit of alcohol is equivalent to 218ml of 4.5 % cider ; 76ml of 13 % wine ; 25ml of 40 % whiskey ; 250ml of 4 % beer or 250ml of 4 % alcopop .
( Image : Matt Crossick/PA Wire )
But there is no one size fits all because different volumes of drinks can affect people differently depending on their height , weight , and age .
Although no one should drink MORE than the recommended units , if you are much smaller than the average person or woman you should think about drinking LESS before driving after drinking .
Of course if you want to be risk free then you should probably not drink and drive at all .
( Image : Andrew Milligan/PA Wire )
The charges and penalties for exceeding the legal limit to drive and taking control of a vehicle are as follows :
Being in charge of a vehicle while over the limit - three months imprisonment , up to a £2,500 fine and a possible driving ban , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Driving a vehicle while over the limit - six months imprisonment , unlimited fine , driving ban of one year ( three years if charged twice in 10 years )
Refusing to give a sample when stopped for drink driving - six months imprisonment ; unlimited fine , driving ban of one year
Death by dangerous driving , or death by careless driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs - 14 years imprisonment , unlimited fine , driving ban of at least two years , extended test before getting your license back
Further consequences of driving while over the legal limit also include incredibly high car insurance premiums , employer/future employers can see you have received a drink driving conviction , and facing difficulties when trying to travel to outside of the UK ( to the U.S , for example ) .
For further information on drink driving and the laws surrounding it , go to Gov.uk or drinkaware.co.uk .
Prior before the implementation of the Treasury Single Account , the federal government , National Daily has gathered paid monthly bank charges amounting to a whooping N4.7bn on its funds lodged in various banks in the country .
Accountant General of the Federation , Ali Ahmed Idris , disclosed this at the opening session of a 2-day retreat on the TSA in Abuja .
Idris described the implementation of the TSA as one of the success in the management of public finances , noting that over 20,000 accounts belonging to Ministries , Department and Agencies with Deposit Money Banks have been closed in the two years , and funds totaling N5.24trn moved into the Treasury Single Accounts with the Central Bank of Nigeria .
“ The issuance of TSA circular in August , 2015 , coupled with the political will and enforcement , enabled us to achieve considerable progress on the TSA implementation . As at the 10th of February , 2017 , the total inflow of funds through the mop-up and direct debits by the Central Bank of Nigeria amounted to N5.24trn . ”
The event which was attended by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo , the Minister of Finance , Kemi Adeosun , the Secretary to the Government of the Federation , Babachir Lawal among other top government officials had as its theme , “ One-year anniversary of Treasury Single Account : Benefits , challenges and way forward . ”
The TSA is a platform which was used by the government to unify all its accounts by ensuring that all monies belonging to the federal government are kept with the Central Bank of Nigeria .
They explained that through the policy , the government has been able to block leakages and abuse which had characterised the public sector before its commencement in October 2015 .
Apart from blocking leakages , Idris said the TSA initiative has assisted the government to overcome the burden of indiscriminate borrowings by MDAs thus saving government a lot of bank charges associated with these borrowings .
The initiative which took off fully in September 2015 had been complied with by over 900 agencies of government .
Bank of America 's first quarter earnings jumped 40 % as revenue rose 7 % , easily beating analysts ' expectations . Wall Street Journal , Financial Times
Goldman Sachs reported higher profits and revenue and raised its quarterly dividend but fell short of estimates . Wall Street Journal
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Music-loving residents in a South Derbyshire village helped raise £12,000 at a special festival to boost a campaign to replace its outdated community hall .
Last month residents from across the area flocked to Repton to celebrate R-Fest , and raise money to replace the village 's community hall .
The festival saw sun-lovers treated to a picnic in the park throughout the day with music from Symphonic Winds and a full concert in the evening as performers from all genres took to the stage .
A spokesperson for the Repton village hall committee said : `` On a sunny Saturday afternoon in June , more than 400 people from across the village came along to enjoy music and generously support the village hall appeal .
`` From mid-afternoon to the close of play late in the evening , a wide variety of music including folk , jazz , brass band , ska and rock saw the scene change from a picnic in the park with the Symphonic Winds to a full concert as the night wore on .
`` Thanks to the generosity and spirit of Repton residents and friends , the event comfortably exceeded its £10,000 target , raising approximately £12,000 .
`` This will help greatly towards getting the hall built , landscaped and equipped for everyone to enjoy . ''
The current hall , in Askew Grove , will be demolished and a new one will be built in its place .
Members of the village hall committee say it is `` well past its 25-year design life '' and one of the columns inside the building is suffering from rot . The current hall is also said to waste energy and is expensive to heat .
The original village hall in High Street opposite St Wystan 's School was destroyed by a fire in 1960 . It was then replaced with the current building in 1973 .
The rebuild is set to cost £730,000 , with more than £300,000 already being raised by residents and businesses in the village , while the rest of the money will come from a Government public works loan , which will be repaid through a £20 a year increase in residents ' council tax .
The Thai football team-mates stranded for more than a week in a partly flooded cave have said they are healthy in a newly released video .
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy Seals in the dark cave with their visibly skinny faces illuminated by the beam of a flashlight .
The boys , many wrapped in foil warming blankets , take turns introducing themselves , folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy .
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime on Tuesday and was posted on the navy Seal Facebook page on Wednesday morning .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23rd .
The team-mates , who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , were found by rescue divers late on Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe , including British divers Rick Stanton and John Volanthen who were the first rescuers to reach the group .
Authorities said the boys , who had also been shown on Tuesday in a video shot by the British divers , were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy Seals , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave .
They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
In both of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits .
Seal commander Rear Admiral Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave , since they are safe where they are .
The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered . - AP
It 's getting late for Lionel Messi , who 'll be 31 during next year 's World Cup in Russia .
He 's yet to deliver a major trophy for Argentina , their country of birth . And it may not happen next year . In fact , Messi and Argentina may not even get there .
Argentina is on the verge of missing the World Cup for the first time since 1970 after stumbling to a 0-0 draw against Peru before a capacity crowd on Thursday at Boca Juniors ' Bombonera stadium in Buenos Aires - one of the dominant home-field advantages in all of world soccer .
Only one day of qualifying games remains in South America , and Argentina is off the pace for direct qualification .
Advertisement
`` Our situation is not very comfortable , '' Argentina coach Jorge Sampaoli said , `` but it depends on us . ''
Argentina , the runner-up to Germany three years ago in Brazil , plays on Tuesday against Ecuador in the thin air of Quito in the Andes . The Argentines are in sixth place , with the top four teams advancing automatically to Russia 2018 . The fifth-place team can advance by winning an intercontinental playoff against Oceania champion New Zealand .
Brazil , which has already qualified , drew 0-0 against Bolivia on Thursday . Brazil has 38 points , followed by : Uruguay ( 28 ) , Chile ( 26 ) , Colombia ( 26 ) , Peru ( 25 ) , Argentina ( 25 ) and Paraguay ( 24 ) .
Uruguay is expected to get through the final round on Tuesday . After that , it 's too close to call , with four teams chasing the two automatic spots .
That will leave two teams trying to reach the playoff , which looms as Argentina 's most probable route . The Argentine squad must win at 2,850 meters ( 9,350 feet ) in Quito and get some help .
In other results Thursday : Paraguay beat Colombia 2-1 , Chile beat Ecuador 2-1 and Uruguay was held to a 0-0 draw at Venezuela .
The last matches next Tuesday feature : Uruguay vs. Bolivia , Peru vs. Colombia , Ecuador vs. Argentina , Brazil vs. Chile and Paraguay vs. Venezuela . Ecuador , Venezuela and Bolivia are already out of contention .
___
NO ARGENTINA ?
It 's almost unthinkable . No Messi . No Argentina in Russia . But it could happen .
Several generations of Argentines have no idea what it 's like to be out of the World Cup . And that includes Messi , who will turn 31 when the Cup in being played next year in Russia .
Argentina had all the possession . Messi had a handful of good chances and hit the post in the first minute of the second half . In a fair world , Argentina would have won by several goals . Dario Benedetto had several chances , too .
In three qualifying matches under new coach Sampaoli , Argentina has scored just one goal .
Sampaoli tried to sound upbeat .
`` I remain confident we 'll be in the World Cup , '' they said . `` It would really be unfair if a group that put it all out there - like they did - does not advance .
`` Throughout the game we had a marked advantage again them , but we could not break through . ''
Peru 's Argentina-born coach Ricardo Garcea was happier .
`` Getting a result in Argentina is really difficult , '' they said . `` But qualifying now depends only on us , which is important . ''
___
BRAZIL RELAXES
Brazil has already qualified for the World Cup and appeared relaxed in a 0-0 draw against Bolivia despite playing at 3,650 meters ( 11,900 feet ) in the Andes . Bolivia goalkeeper Carlos Lampe was the player of the match with three keys saves against Brazil star Neymar . Tite is undefeated in 11 qualifying matches since taking over as Brazil coach , including nine wins .
Brazil wraps up qualifying on Tuesday in São Paulo against Chile . Bolivia , already out of contention for the World Cup , finishes at Uruguay .
___
SLIPS AWAY
Colombia led 1-0 against Paraguay in the 79th minutes after a goal by Radamel Falcao . That result would have put Colombia in Russia .
But Paraguay rallied with two late goals by Antonio Sanabria and Oscar Cardozo to a 2-1 victory .
The outcome means Paraguay stays in contention and Colombia will also have to wait .
___
URUGUAY NEARLY THERE
Uruguay 's 0-0 draw at Venezuela makes qualification almost a formality . Uruguay has a huge goal difference of plus-10 and has scored 28 goals - only Brazil has scored more .
Those are the first two tiebreakers if teams tie on points .
____
CHILE RALLIES
Alexis Sanchez scored late in Chile 's 2-1 victory over Ecuador . Eduardo Vargas gave Chile a 1-0 lead in the 22nd minute , but Romario Ibarra equalized in the 84th - setting the stage for Sanchez 's winner .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
A jury will decide if a man who denies attempting to murder their partner by stuffing underwear in their mouth and beating them with a hammer should be found not guilty by reason of insanity .
Prosecution barrister Paul Burns SC , in their closing speech , told the six men and six women that the accused man was high on cannabis and does not qualify for the special verdict .
The accused man 's barrister Ronan Munro SC said their client was suffering from a mental disorder at the time and unable to refrain from their actions .
Tomas Gajowniczek ( 37 ) of The Ice Rink Apartments , Dolphin 's Barn , Dublin 8 , has pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of Alicja Kalinowska ( 30 ) at their home on June 16th , 2016 .
They also pleaded not guilty to intentionally or recklessly causing serious harm to Ms Kalinowska on the same date at the same location .
Held their nose
Summing up the evidence , Mr Burns told the jury that the accused revealed their intention when they told Ms Kalinowska , during the alleged assault : “ It would be better to go to jail for life than a b * * * h like you stay alive . ”
They further told gardaí that they were trying to suffocate them when they stuffed underwear in their mouth and held them nose .
They told the jury they have heard evidence from professor Damian Mohan of the Central Mental Hospital that the accused man was regularly using cannabis at the time and was suffering from a drug-induced psychosis .
Under the Criminal Law ( Insanity ) Act 2006 intoxication is not a mental disorder , they said .
Mr Munro is relying on the evidence of Dr Conor O'Neill of the Central Mental Hospital who told the trial that the accused was likely to have been using cannabis but that they also suffered from a mental disorder as defined by the Act . Mr Munro will continue their speech to the jury at the Central Criminal Court this afternoon .
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Lee and Whitney 'dirty dance ' for Children in Need
Watch the the Chancellor announce the Budget 2017
Young boy took Cannabis which led to their miraculo
Scientists uncover the mystery of why shoelaces c
How Theresa May called for a snap election
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster .
The Prime Minister had repeatedly denied that they would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020 .
But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street they said they would go to the country this year .
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May 's statement from Downing Street announcing that a general election is to be held on June 8 :
( Photo : SKY NEWS )
`` I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet , where we agreed that the Government should call a general election , to be held on June 8 .
`` I want to explain the reasons for that decision , what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election .
`` Last summer , after the country voted to leave the European Union , Britain needed certainty , stability and strong leadership , and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that .
`` Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger , since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high , record numbers of jobs , and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations .
`` We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result . ''
More to follow .
A sex abuser survivor has told how they did n't know whether having their private parts touched were part of the sacrament of confession after a priest abused them while hearing their First Confession at a school in Co Cork .
The survivor , now a woman in their 50s , told gardaí how they were abused when they were six years old by serial abuser Fr John Calnan as they heard their First Confession .
At Cork Circuit Criminal Court , Calnan ( 79 ) , from West Cork , ordained in 1964 but out of ministry since 1992 and now living at the Presbytery at Paul Street in Cork , was given an 18 months suspended prison sentence for the abuse of three girls between 1974 and 1978 .
Det Garda Maurice Shanley , who investigated the complaints from the three women , told how Calnan abused the girls , who were aged between six and 12 , by digitally penetrating them while hearing their confessions at various locations in the Diocese of Cork and Ross .
Det Garda Shanley told how when they interviewed Calnan while they were serving a prison sentence in Arbour Hill , during which they admitted the abuse and accepted the accounts given to gardaí by the three women of how they had been abused by them as children .
Calnan had been sentenced to eight years in jail with three years suspended at the Central Criminal Court in 2012 for the attempted rape of one girl , three counts of indecent assault on the same girl and one count of indecent assault on a boy in the 1970s .
They have also been convicted twice in 2015 and once earlier this year of indecent assault on three other girls for which they received suspended sentences but they had not come to attention of gardaí since their release in 2016 from the five year term imposed at the Central Criminal Court .
Det Garda Shanley agreed with defence barrister , John Devlin BL that Calnan had gone for 10 months residential treatment for sex abusers at the Gracewell Clinic in the UK prior to any complaint being made and they were now living in a supervised setting provided for by the church authorities .
In a victim impact statement , the woman abused while making their First Confession told how they were afraid to tell their parents at the time of the abuse because Calnan was such a respected figure and they still had not told them as it would kill them to know what they had done to them
“ We were all sent into a room , one at a time to have the priest hear our confessions . This was an anxious time to ensure you did the right thing in school . As I knelt down in front of the priest , saying my prayers , the priest put their hands inside my panties tickling me .
“ He then put their finger inside me . I felt it was weird and when I had finished my prayers , they placed their hand on my head and gave me their blessing . I left the room to go say my penance – I did n't tell anybody and I did n't know if their actions were part of the confessional ceremony . ”
Judge Sean Ó Donnabháin said the abuse of trust by Calnan as someone in a position of authority and responsibility was “ phenomenal ” and for them to abuse their victims was outrageous but to do so while administering a sacrament of the church was “ particularly outrageous ” .
They accepted that Calnan was in poor health after suffering a number of heart attacks and they questioned whether there was any benefit to sending them to jail at the age of 79 and in ill health before imposing an 18 month sentence which they suspended .
SATURDAY
( Matches at 7.0 unless stated )
Allianz HL Division 1A
Tipperary v Waterford
Semple Stadium ( Live , Eir Sport 2 )
Although Tipp stayed in the contest with Clare until the very end , there was a listlessness to the display that Michael Ryan will want to see eliminated this evening . There is every chance that they will recover , as Waterford are just inching back into action after a delayed return , and Derek McGrath is juggling a sizeable Fitzgibbon contingent .
Verdict : Tipperary
Allianz HL Division 1B
Laois v Galway
O'Moore Park
Galway 's decision to ease themselves back into the league with an experimental line-up nearly came hideously unstuck after a spirited visit from Antrim . The All-Ireland champions ' campaign is back-loaded and they 'll be expected to win this . Laois were injury-hit against Limerick and lost Lee Cleere , who had been playing well , before half-time and wo n't be back to full strength for this .
Verdict : Galway
David Dunne of Wexford in action against Conor Gleeson of Waterford at last weekend 's Allianz Hurling League clash at Waterford 's Walsh Park . Photograph : Ken Sutton/Inpho
SUNDAY
( Matches at 2.0 unless stated )
Allianz HL Division 1A
Kilkenny v Clare
Nowlan Park
Recent history between the counties has been evenly divided , with three wins each in the past five seasons . Kilkenny were their familiar , combative selves in Cork and Cillian Buckley not getting the bang and better free-taking might well have won it . Clare looked sharp against Tipperary and there were signs that Tony Kelly has regained sharpness . Tight margins .
Verdict : Kilkenny
Wexford v Cork
Innovate Wexford Park ( Live , TG4 )
Both won on the opening weekend , and impressively : Cork for a first over Kilkenny in six years , whereas Wexford outlasted a flagging Waterford to continue a great start to 2018 . The team 's energy and drive were complemented by David Dunne 's pace and finishing . This will be a challenge against former manager John Meyler , who introduced some useful new talent last week .
Verdict : Wexford
Allianz HL Division 1B
Offaly v Limerick
O'Connor Park
Offaly were the story of the first weekend , raiding Croke Park for a first win there in 13 years and overwhelming Dublin in the process with a fine display of long-range shooting . This will be a sterner test . Limerick have started the year well and John Kiely has evolved the team further but the win over Laois was patchy . Improvement needed .
Verdict : Limerick
Antrim v Dublin
Corrigan Park
Two opening defeats but worlds apart . Antrim gave a great account of themselves in narrowly losing to the All-Ireland champions , leading well into the last quarter , whereas Dublin went down by 13 against Offaly . Injuries are n't helping Pat Gilroy and this is suddenly daunting . They should get a reaction from last week but it 's not guaranteed against a buoyant home side .
Verdict : Dublin
The reforms the IDF West Bank courts have undertaken for Palestinian minors since 2009 are a cover-up for a system that violates their rights , the human-rights group B'Tselem says in a report unveiled on Tuesday .
Since 2009 , the courts have undergone multiple rounds of reforms – in 2011 , 2014 and in the present – to improve the protection of rights of Palestinian minors after being arrested , accused of a crime or who otherwise come through the justice system .
The IDF presented the reforms as dealing with everything , from issuing shorter detention periods to employing specially-trained interrogators and judges to better integrate the parents of minors into the legal process.B'Tselem says that the overall impact of the reforms on the judicial process has been negligible and that the IDF has mainly used them for public relations purposes to push back against global criticism.The report describes the arrests of Palestinian minors , saying : “ Israeli security forces pick them up on the street or at home in the middle of the night , then handcuff and blindfold them and transport them to interrogation , often subjecting them to violence. ” B'Tselem admits the IDF cut the length of the initial detention period before the minor can see a judge . Before the reforms began in 2009 , detention periods could run up to eight days while detainees aged 12 to 14 now must be brought before a judge within 24 hours , aged 14 to 17 within 48 hours and aged 16 to 17 within 96 hours in cases of “ security offenses. ” The relevant military order allows doubling the times if “ the necessities of the investigation ” require more time.But , the human rights group says , the big problem is with the post-indictment detention , which can sometimes run for months or longer . The report asserts that this aspect has not been shortened at all.Rather , IDF West Bank courts still issue post-indictment detention to most minors , which pressures most of them into plea-bargain deals.If minors do not cut such deals , the report says , they are likely to spend even more time in jail as the court system often convicts defendants anyway and drags out trials , sometimes for a year or more.If a Palestinian minor cuts a plea-bargain deal , however , the minor may be released after only a few weeks or months.The IDF does not deny that many Palestinian minors are detained until the end of their proceedings , but has said that this is necessary as they otherwise will not show up for court proceedings.Former chief West Bank prosecutor and current Palestinian Media Watch legal adviser Maurice Hirsch told The Jerusalem Post that the maximum time a minor can be held post-indictment before the trial has been shortened from two years to one year . They said the IDF had been working on further shortening that time when they retired.The report slams the IDF for continuing a system of extensive night arrests – entering Palestinian minors ' homes in the middle of the night , often for allegations of rock throwing , and whisking them away to detention straight out of bed.Once again , the IDF does not deny that it uses night arrests as a tactic , but has previously asserted that it does this because daytime arrests lead to rioting , in which Palestinians and IDF soldiers can be injured.Another criticism mentioned by the report is that the reforms geared toward integrating minors ' parents into the legal process lack substance.The report notes that parents are not included in the interrogations and often have trouble getting through checkpoints to attend pre-indictment detention hearings.Furthermore , though parents technically have a right to be present at a minor 's trial , the report notes that so few minors have trials because most cut plea deals.Parents also receive formal notice about their child 's arrest , but B'Tselem says that if the parents miss the interrogations – in which many minors confess to the allegations – the notice becomes valueless.The IDF has not denied that parents are not present for interrogations , but has previously pointed out that Israeli minors ' parents are also not entitled to be present for interrogations.Hirsch added that when they were a chief prosecutor , there were plenty of parents at their children 's detention hearings.B'Tselem 's report rejects this and any other comparisons to the Israeli judicial system , saying that the Israeli system is handling its own citizens and the IDF system is handling an occupied people.Hirsch said that the report was politically biased and did not truly grapple with the complex details of the IDF West Bank courts .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times US orders new tariffs on Bombardier jets
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
Your browser does not support playing this file but you can still download the MP3 file to play locally .
Susan Fowler 's blog post about sexual harassment at Uber set off a chain reaction that has changed company culture in Silicon Valley and beyond . Lionel Barber talks to the FT 's Leslie Hook and Brooke Masters about the repercussions of their decision to go public with their allegations , and why the FT has chosen them as its Person of the Year .
iTunes Stitcher audioBoom SoundCloud Overcast RSS
The holidays tend bring out the worst in people . Whether it 's being cut off by some jerk stealing your spot in the mall parking lot , having a relative pick apart your latest life choice or being subjected to a coworker 's constant humble brag about finishing up their holiday shopping back in July , there 's no shortage of not-so-festive scenarios that can leave your blood boiling this season .
In holidays past , I dealt with jerks by muttering back responses were decidedly more naughty list than nice . But over the last year I 've been working on employing more empathy toward people , and it has definitely elevated my tolerance level ( not to mention lowered my blood pressure ) — especially when it comes to the Scrooges in my life . Here are a few expert tips for cultivating empathy that will help you deal with the annoying cast of characters that inevitably show up during the most wonderful time of the year .
1 . Tap into the holiday stress you 're feeling
Even if you 've finished all your gift shopping like some kind of holiday unicorn , there 's likely something that 's causing you stress during the month of December , whether it 's end-of-year deadlines at work , family obligations or a calendar full of holiday parties . Rachel Hershenberg , Ph.D. , Assistant Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Emory University , says that tapping into the stress you 're personally feeling is a great tactic for having empathy toward the holiday meanies in your life . `` If you 're running around feeling this way — stressed out , pressed for time , impatient — then the person who 'stole ' your parking spot is likely feeling the exact same way , '' they say .
2 . Do n't take everything so personally ( after all , it 's not you , it 's them )
Easier said than done , am I right ? Intellectually , I know that the man who just cut in front of me in line did n't do it because I 'm a woman and they feel entitled to treat me like a doormat . But crazed 'holiday me ' thinks it 's perfectly reasonable that this might be the case .
`` If someone is rude to you over the holidays , remind yourself that their behavior is way more a reflection of them than you , '' says explains Natalie Feinblatt , Psy.D , a licensed psychologist practicing in California . `` They are acting out because of their inability to handle the situation better in the moment , not because of anything to do with you . ''
In 1989 , Bizcochitos were made the official state cookie of NM . The cookie was developed by residents of New Mexico over the centuries from the first Spanish colonists of what was known as Santa Fe de Nuevo Mexico . Traditionally , the cookies are cut in stars , crescent moons or the fleur de lis . I had to do rounds because my cookie cutters are not here . I make these cookies and other traditional dishes with my 100-year-old grandmother on every occasion . Them birthday is Christmas Eve and my whole family joins them for a feast and celebration . Truly blessed ! ~ Charli Ault
Bizcochitos Recipe
Ingredients
1 1/2 cups lard , chilled *
1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar , divided
2 eggs
2 teaspoons anise seeds
4 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
About 3 tablespoons brandy , apple juice , or milk *
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
Directions :
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Beat lard and 1 cup sugar in a bowl until fluffy . Add eggs and anise seeds , and beat until very light and fluffy . Sift together flour , baking powder and salt . Add to creamed mixture along with the brandy .
Mix thoroughly to make a stiff dough . Place dough on a long piece , about three feet of waxed paper at one end . Bring the long end over the top and press to about one inch or slightly less in thickness and refrigerate until chilled .
Roll out dough between waxed paper to just under 1/2 inch thickness . Cut with flour dusted cutters into the traditional fleur de lis shape or into 3-inch rounds .
Combine the 3 remaining tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon in a shallow bowl ; dip unbaked cookies into the sugar-cinnamon mixture on one side . Place cookies on ungreased baking sheets . Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until tops of cookies are just firm . Cook cookies on wire racks .
* Notes : Butter or margarine can be substituted for the lard , however the cookies will not be as crisp and moist . Apple juice or milk can be substituted for the brandy , however they are not quite as good .
You can take part in the Christmas Cookie Contest too . Learn how here !
How To Participate
While you 're doing your annual baking of cookies this month , send us your favorite Christmas cookie recipe along with a photo of the finished cookie product and we will post your recipe to our website !
Email recipes to lillian @ sweetwaternow.com . Optional : Feel free to send in any additional photos of the baking process or of you making the cookies to include with your recipe . It 's all in the Christmas Cookie Spirit ! Optional : Include a little background information about your recipe or about your experience making the cookies to go along with the recipe , if you like .
As our Christmas gift to you , one lucky cookie recipe contestant will win a $ 25 gift card to the Outlaw Inn .
SCHREIBER , Ont . — Provincial police say two employees of a northwestern Ontario school board are facing fraud-related charges .
OPP say they were contacted Feb. 13 by the Superior North Catholic District School Board about an alleged fraud by two staff members .
They say a 57-year-old woman and a 55-year-old man , both of Terrace Bay , Ont. , are charged with fraud over $ 5,000 and breach of trust .
Both ( accused ) is scheduled to appear in court in Schreiber , Ont. , on July 12 .
WESTPORT , CT ( CBS Local ) – The family of a 96-year-old in Connecticut has found a hidden treasure trove dedicated to every book the grandmother ever read .
Stefanie Dreyfuss of Westport passed away in mid-May , leaving behind several relatives and in-laws . Them daughter-in-law posted a photo on Twitter of the stunning find in the woman 's home . Each book review had been categorized using a completely original code created by Dreyfuss and filed away on hundreds of index cards over the years .
I lost my mother in law last week . They were 96 and one of my best friends . A lifelong lover of books , they kept track of all they read on index cards and recorded their opinion in code . This is the key to their code and the cards we found among their belongings . pic.twitter.com/Iabmek9B7F — Lauren Tarshis ( @ laurenTarshis ) May 26 , 2018
Lauren Tarshis ' post of the find quickly went viral , with over 18,000 fellow book lovers liking the post and over 2,500 people re-tweeting the image . “ She kept track of all they read on index cards and recorded their opinion in code . This is the key to their code and the cards we found among their belongings , ” Tarshis tweeted . Tarshis is the author of the New York Times Bestselling series “ I Survived “ , a fast-paced historical fiction from the perspective of a boy or girl who lived through a historical disaster .
The biggest takeaway from the 96-year-old 's coded collection is that they were a very tough grader . The numerous codes included :
RP : Readable Piffle
NFM : Not For Me
G : Good did n't hold my attention
NMS : Not my style
RR : Readable
WOT : Waste of Time
The opinionated reader 's daughter-in-law shared another photo a few days later after discovering a second hidden collection . Dreyfuss ( who immigrated to the U.S. in 1947 ) had also saved their favorite quotes over their many decades in America .
Abington Heights High School student Mateen Kasim was among the finalists in The University of Scranton 's 2018 Math Integration Bee for high school students . Vishnu Dasari , from Central Columbia High School is the overall winner . The other finalists were : Kaitlyn Beiler , Hazleton Area High School ; Andy Liz , Wyoming Seminary Preparatory School ; and Haylee Merola , Hazleton Area Academy of Sciences . The university 's Mathematics Department hosted the Integration Bee during the spring semester on campus . From left : Thomas Shimkus , Ph.D. , associate professor of mathematics at The University of Scranton ; Kasim , Merola , Beiler , Dasari and Liz .
Feeling right at home at the Santa Barbara Bowl , rock 'n ' roll legend connects with their roots — and ours
During their concert at the Santa Barbara Bowl on Friday night , rock ‘ n ' roll legend Robert Plant joked , “ Welcome to another comfortable evening of soft rock. ” Thankfully , this was not the case , with Plant revisiting songs from the Led Zeppelin catalog ( and let 's be honest , this is what people wanted to hear ) plus some rockers from their post-Zep career .
Most of the Zeppelin songs were pretty faithful to the original recordings , and hearing these was almost a religious experience to many in the crowd , including myself .
The opener , “ Babe , I 'm Gon na Leave You , ” kicked things off nicely , with a bit of added flamenco flair . “ Going to California , ” a particularly appropriate song for this tour stop , had acoustic guitar and mandolin accompaniment as for the original . Likewise , “ Friends ” and “ What Is and What Should Never Be ” used the well-known Led Zeppelin arrangements .
The main set closer , “ Whole Lotta Love , ” mixed things up a bit , starting out slow and bluesy before hitting its driving riff . In the middle it cutely included a bit of Bo Diddley 's “ Who Do You Love ? ”
On the other hand , “ Black Dog ” was radically reworked to have a much more worldly rather than riffy feel , thanks to the contributions of Gambian musician Juldeh Camara on ritti , a one-stringed fiddle . Camara also made prominent contributions to the last song of the night , the raucous “ Rock and Roll . ”
In one big difference from their Zeppelin days , Plant did n't attempt the really high notes — for example , the “ wrath of the Gods ” part of “ Going to California ” and the “ Catch the wind , see us spin ” chorus of “ What Is and What Should Never Be. ” But this is forgiveable ; the man is n't in their early 20s anymore . And , heck , even when I was in my 20s I could n't sing like that , nor could many others , for that matter .
In addition to Camara , who also played African banjo and sang some vocals , Plant 's band , the Sensational Shape Shifters , consisted of Justin Adams ( guitar ) , “ Skin ” Tyson ( guitar ) , Billy Fuller ( bass ) , John Baggott ( keyboards ) , and Dave Smith ( drums ) . The first three were along for the 2005 Robert Plant & the Strange Sensation album , Mighty Rearranger , which was represented by “ Tin Pan Valley , ” “ Another Tribe ” and “ The Enchanter . ”
There was also a visit to Plant 's early solo career with “ In The Mood , ” and an interesting electronic-driven cover of the blues classic “ Spoonful . ”
The evening 's opener , Grace Potter & the Nocturnals , lived up to their reputation as one of the best live bands out there , starting with an energetic performance of “ Medicine. ” Potter can belt it out like the best of them , including the young Robert Plant , and showed themselves to be in the same league as Grace Slick with a smoking cover of “ White Rabbit. ” Potter 's organ work added a vintage vibe to several songs , but I 'm partial to the rocking songs like “ Sugar , ” for which they complemented their sparkly white robe with the ultimate accessory , a Gibson Flying V guitar .
I have to point out a missed opportunity , though . Would n't it have been great to have Potter join Plant for a rendition of “ The Battle for Evermore ? ” Oh well , maybe next time .
Speaking of next time , Plant seems to like playing the Bowl , with concerts so far in 1993 , 2002 , 2005 , 2008 , 2011 and now 2013 . Some lucky people might even remember Led Zeppelin playing at Earl Warren Showgrounds in 1969 . I 'm guessing he 'll always be welcome in these parts .
Setlist
Babe , I 'm Gon na Leave You
In the Mood
Tin Pan Valley
Spoonful
Black Dog
Another Tribe
Going to California
The Enchanter
Please Read the Letter
Friends
Funny in My Mind ( I Believe I 'm Fixin ' to Die )
What Is and What Should Never Be
Whole Lotta Love
Encore
Satan Your Kingdom Must Come Down
Rock and Roll
— Jeff Moehlis is a Noozhawk contributing writer and a professor of mechanical engineering at UC Santa Barbara . Upcoming show recommendations , advice from musicians , interviews and more are available on their web site , music-illuminati.com . The opinions expressed are their own .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times US hits Bombardier with anti-dumping duties after Boeing petition
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
Hannah Johnson , 56 , and Ryder Palea-Medeiros , 9 , were last seen May 16 , 2018 at 5 p.m. ( LVMPD ) .
A valley grandma and their grandson were found safe Thursday . The two were reported missing by their family after they failed to return home from running errands Wednesday afternoon in northeast Las Vegas .
Hannah Johnson , 56 , and Ryder Palea-Medeiros , 9 , were previously last seen in the area of Lake Mead Boulevard and Mt . Hood Street . The boy 's mother , Jennifer Kahookano , said the pair went to the store and laundromat at 5 p.m. on May 16 but did not return home .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
PINK HILL , N.C. ( WNCT ) —The Salvation Army is working to help those in need who are unable to pay their bills . When the temperatures rise in…
SILVERDALE , WA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - CGrowth Capital , Inc. ( OTC PINK : CGRA ) ( the `` Company '' ) is pleased to report the filing of the Company 's 2016 consolidated annual financials for the period ended December 31 , 2016 to OTC Markets . The Company 's consolidated Total Assets increased three-fold over the prior year to nearly $ 25,000,000 . The Company has not issued shares for the 17th consecutive month , as the Company remains committed to developing its business plan without the issuance of stock . The Company and its wholly owned subsidiary 's highlights are as follows :
CGrowth Capital Bond , Ltd. - ( financing )
The Company renewed and increased its bond offering in the United Kingdom to £30,000,000 British Pound Sterling -- releasing Bond Issue 2 Series 1v1 on November 9 , 2016 .
The subsidiary has issued in excess of £15,000,000 GBP subscriptions to date .
The Company is pleased to announce the opening of an affiliated office in Malaysia this month , which will support the Company 's efforts with the bond offering and other business affairs .
Subscriptions for the bonds remain strong and are expected to continue through 2017 .
Powder River Resources , Inc. - ( Oil and gas )
Initial infrastructure improvements have been completed .
Well workover programs started and will continue as winter weather breaks into spring .
Production and wellsite facility upgrades continue .
Extensive mapping and data collection on new drilling locations and reserve indications .
New drilling has commenced with first new well projected to be completed at the end of the 2nd quarter .
Revenues and reserves projected to blossom in 2017 .
Chewelah Properties , LLC - ( commercial real estate )
Significant rental revenues now online with a base of $ 32,000 per month plus NNN charges .
Non-performing tenants have been removed , allowing for performing tenant to assume another 12,000 sq.ft . at same rate structure as existing .
Strong interest in the site from both wholesale and retail tenants shows promise for stellar rental growth in 2017 .
Base rent expected to triple in 2017 as renovated space comes online .
Corporate
Nearly $ 25,000,000 in total assets .
Non-dilutive stock for entire 2016 fiscal year .
United Kingdom audits have been completed . These will be posted as a supplemental to the Company financials once released in the UK .
Completed UK audits now pave the way for Company to complete US audits in preparation for additional corporate developments and uplisting .
About CGrowth Capital , Inc. :
CGrowth Capital , Inc . The Company continues to serve as an alternative asset management company for businesses and assets focused on all aspects of mining , minerals , exploration , and commercial real estate . The processing of metal ore mining , mineral and specialty rock extraction , as well as oil and gas production , are multi-billion dollar market opportunities which is capitalized on through processing , sales , contracting and licensing of assets . CGrowth Capital 's services and solutions are designed to assist landowners with monetizing undervalued assets by bringing commodities such as gold , silver , oil and gas , and dolomite to market . CGrowth Capital will focus on acquiring land assets , while also providing partners and affiliates with management services , capital , contract management and logistical services necessary for the successful execution of operations . Through wholly owned subsidiaries , the Company has begun to strategically leverage real estate assets for maximum value within newly developing industries currently underway in Washington State and across the United States .
For more information and updates about CGrowth Capital and its subsidiaries , visit their websites or Facebook pages :
http : //www.CGrowthCapital.com
http : //CGrowthCapitalBond.com
https : //www.facebook.com/CGrowthCapital
Safe Harbor
Statements about the Company 's future expectations and all other statements in this press release other than historical facts , are `` forward-looking statements '' within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 , Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby . The above information contains information relating to the Company that is based on the beliefs of the Company and/or its management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company or its management . When used in this document , the words `` anticipate , '' `` estimate , '' `` expect , '' `` intend , '' `` plans , '' `` projects , '' and similar expressions , as they relate to the Company or its management , are intended to identify forward-looking statements . Such statements reflect the current view of the Company regarding future events and are subject to certain risks , uncertainties and assumptions , including the risks and uncertainties noted . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize , or should underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect , actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated , believed , estimated , expected , intended or projected . In each instance , forward-looking information should be considered in light of the accompanying meaningful cautionary statements herein . Factors that could cause results to differ include , but are not limited to , successful performance of internal plans , the impact of competitive services and pricing and general economic risks and uncertainties . The Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements .
You approach everything in your home with a specific design strategy for Christmas — why should your Christmas tree be the same every year . Baaya Design has added a new twist to our signature tree of life . We have introduced a range of handcrafted brass Christmas trees . A classic that never goes out of style , a truly timeless brass Christmas tree that lasts forever . These trees are truly unique as each leaf and flower motif is crafted separately and welded together seamlessly , however , you will never see a single joint . These trees are also lacquered to make them long lasting and durable ; this ensures they will withstand any amount of damage caused by time or usage .
Being handmade , each piece is truly one-of-a-kind masterpiece .
Price range – 9000 – 130
Pointe-Claire , Quebec ( Webnewswire ) December 10 , 2017 – 10-10-10-3 , a Montreal , Canada , US and international long distance calling service provider , has announced reduced calling rates to many countries worldwide , including Argentina , Brazil , Sweden , and Italy .
Alejandro Bitar , the President of 1010 103 , explained , “ 10-10-10-3 customers do n't have to sign a contract or use a calling card to enjoy savings on every long distance and international phone call . All a caller needs to do is dial 1010103 before the phone number , and the call will be added to their regular phone bill at 1010103 's cheaper rates . ”
The recently lowered phone calling rates include Argentina , Brazil , Sweden , and Italy , for 1.5 cents a minute on landlines and 1.9 cents a minute for mobile numbers .
Visit 1010103.ca for more information about 10 10 10 3 's lower telephone calling rates and the company 's other local and international long distance services .
About Montreal 10-10-10-3
10-10-10-3 is a Canada , US , and international long distance calling service company headquartered in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . 10-10-10-3 provides a 10 10 service which is a long distance service used by consumers on a casual calling basis . This type of long distance service allows the consumer to get amazing long distance rates without having to change their primary local telephone service provider and eliminates the use of a telephone calling card .
For further information , please contact :
Customer Care
http : //www.1010103.ca/
Tel . : 1-866-650-0103
E-mail : 1010103 @ convergia.net
# # #
The owners of this one-of-a-kind nuclear bunker will be feeling pleased with themselves as blast threat rises .
With world war three looming , underground luxury protected from bomb blasts and natural disasters has become top of a war-fearing millionaire 's shopping list .
Protection features to this former US army base in Savannah , Georgia , include 3ft-thick walls , air intake systems , a nurse 's room , decontamination showers and a $ 100,000 CCTV system .
The giant underground bunker last went on the market in 2015 for a whopping $ 17.5 million price tag and will withstand a 20 kilotonne nuclear explosion .
According to the listing , the facility can survive all kinds of potential threats - including natural disasters , civil disturbances and terrorist attacks .
The unique property was built in 1969 by the army corps and engineers .
In 2012 , the bunker was fully renovated , bringing it up to government standards and , according to the listing , making it the only privately owned underground bunker of its kind in the United States .
Other , more everyday features hot water , solar panels and humidity controls .
The facility is situated on 32 acres of land and has two levels of underground living space , which total around 14,000 square feet .
Continued below .
Related Content Juha Saarinen : VPNs might not be all that secure Your Views : Readers Letters Man critically hurt in Pakuranga house
Within this underground space , the second level features four luxury apartments - each approximately 600 square feet in size - with each containing a kitchen , dining area , two bedrooms , a living room and bathroom .
Level one features communal areas - like those found in a hotel - as well as a separate quarters staff , should the buyer wish to employ .
Chris Salamone , co-owner of Bastion Holdings , a training company for government and security personnel , said : `` We are living in an increasingly dangerous world .
`` This property offers the ultimate safe haven for any family , business or government that wants the ultimate in security and comfort .
`` Renovations include amenities that rival any 5-star hotel , except located 45 feet underground , impenetrable and undetectable . ''
Martin McDermott , CEO of Bastion Holdings and a counter-terrorism , surveillance and communications expert , added : `` This Facility is impenetrable , while meeting the highest standards for quality , comfort and security .
`` It is better to have it and not need it , than to need it and not have it . ''
- NZ Herald
Now as you 've got some extra cash to play with , you are planning to put it into CFD trading and have even opened a CFD trading account . But you wo n't want to lose your hard-earned money , will you ? So , you need to learn certain CFD trading strategies .
The various trading strategies fall into two basic groups : fundamental and technical . Fundamental strategies are just that – you 'll closely examine fundamentals of a company in any given industry , such as returns on their corporate assets , their track record and history , their management team and their strong points , etc . But the more active trading strategies are technical . These can be further classified into two – discretionary and mechanical .
Range ( Rangebound ) Trading
Some way or the other , all mechanical trades end up being some sort of range trading . Being entirely mechanical , they are not very much interesting . They are ‘ set and forget ' trading rules that you can program to occur automatically . If a stock of a company hits X , purchase and if it hits Y , sell . You just set the rules and forget . Trades take place automatically .
However , discretionary trades are dynamic , interesting and above all , active . They are based on the idea that you as a CFD trader equipped with various analytical tools are in a unique position to find emerging trends and respond to them cleverly to do the business . There are indeed a variety of analytical tools which you can use to get a better perspective about forthcoming price changes and trade accordingly . Here are ways with which you can do that .
Breakouts
Breakouts are a pretty common trading strategy and enable you to identify a key price level for a certain stock . When the price comes to your key level , you sell or buy ( whichever is correct to the existing , prevailing trend ) . What 's important here is to ‘ avoid ' such trades when there are no clear signals from the CFD market regarding which direction the overall trend is moving . Here you should have an absolutely clear understanding of the trend and its direction in order to succeed .
Contrarian Investing
This is basically a market timing strategy . The underlying idea is that you play on the fact that trends keep changing . If the price of a stock is trending lower , you choose a point you think to be at or close to the end of that trend and buy anticipating a move in the opposite direction . The same thing can be done in reverse by short selling a stock that 's been rising in price , anticipating a sudden change in price direction .
You 'll have to learn these strategies in order to be a successful CFD trader . Learn them and enjoy trading !
https : //bit.ly/2Fahke7
She 's not a gold digger . They do love him . And yes , they do have sex . And frankly , they say , any more detail about that is no one 's business but their own .
The former Elizabeth Donnelly is now Liz Dotcom .
In Mrs Dotcom 's first ever interview , given 12 days after they married in Coatesville in north Auckland , they spoke openly about meeting and falling in love with the man who the United States portrays as the internet 's Dr Evil .
We met in a stylish bungalow in Coatesville , on a hill above the $ 30 million mansion where Dotcom was arrested during the January 2012 raid . They lost their rental rights to the mansion but has retained ownership of this house .
Advertisement
Kim and Liz Dotcom moved in the day before , giving up their new Queenstown life . Their doctor had warned Dotcom their health now meant they needed to stay close to Auckland .
This is where I first met Mona Dotcom in 2012 , a few weeks after the FBI-inspired raid . Mona , their former wife and mother to their children , sat exactly where Liz Dotcom is seated .
Like Mona , Liz seems astonishingly young and beautiful , wearing clothes worth more than the car I parked outside . The bling is blinding and probably worth more than my house .
So much has happened in the six years since the raid - innumerable court hearings which have seen more than $ 40m consumed by lawyers gathered to argue over the carcass of Dotcom 's Megaupload business .
In that time , Kim Dotcom and Mona separated . They now have their own new relationship , and has stayed in Queenstown with the children . It 's the type of New Zealand life they always said they wanted for the children when first moving to New Zealand in 2010 .
Kim and Liz Dotcom on their wedding day in Coatesville , Auckland .
Liz Donnelly met Dotcom after they approached them online . They grew up in Herne Bay , had just turned 20 and was studying business and law at the University of Auckland .
They were dining with friends at Botswana on Auckland 's waterfront when their phone flashed an Instagram message .
They had seen their photograph online and wanted to say hello . `` I do n't even know how they knew about me , '' they say .
They told their table of friends . They thought it was cool but a little crazy . As dinner went on , Liz and Dotcom spent the evening batting messages back and forwards .
Dotcom asked them and their friends over - their Princes Wharf penthouse apartment was less the five minutes walk away .
`` I actually did n't end up going . And then just before I went on holiday , I went and saw them and we got on really well . I stayed quite a few hours . ''
They had already spoken on the phone and messaged , but now they sat together and talked . And talked . And talked .
Mrs Dotcom , in Queenstown .
`` When I was first there and we were talking , it was getting to know each other . But then afterwards we both knew we got on really well .
`` I just think you know when you know , when you meet someone . I knew … and then you have to process it a little bit . ''
This was towards the end of 2015 . It was crunch time for Dotcom - just before Christmas , a critical court judgment was issued saying they were liable for extradition to the United States to answer charges of massive internet piracy related to their website Megaupload .
Fifty years in jail , I say to Liz Dotcom . No , they say , it 's 88 years . That 's one of a number of times they correct generalisations with specifics . They are assertive and bright , and like a devil with the details .
They rang Dotcom and offered commiserations and understanding and then visited again , the night before jetting off to Thailand for a three-week holiday .
They met the children then . Kimmo , who is the eldest , was introduced and cheekily told their dad : `` She 's 11 out of 10 . ''
`` Before I went , they asked if I thought I really should go [ on holiday ] . But it was all booked and sorted so I went . ''
Kim Dotcom and Elizabeth Donnelly , as they were then , in Queenstown .
While they were away , they messaged and left it open to them to contact them when they returned to New Zealand .
In Thailand , they thought about Dotcom , shopped for presents for their children then came back to New Zealand to tell their mum they were going to 'see ' Dotcom .
Them mother replied : `` Oh my God , what is everyone in our family going to say ? '' ( It seems , quite a bit : `` The majority of them have accepted it now for what it is . They now know we 're together and we 're married . '' )
There never seemed much of an issue with age to her , they say . `` At the time I was already hanging around an older group of people . It was n't too unusual .
`` Everyone I was hanging around with was around that age . I 'm not the first and I wo n't be the last ( to love an older man ) . ''
It seems more common overseas , they think , and wonders if New Zealand is just `` judgey '' .
`` It 's just normal to me . And Kim is the biggest kid anyway . ''
By the time it became public - early February 2016 - they had decided it was love .
`` We just clicked . Things got pretty serious straight away . We both knew that 's what we wanted . It was n't like either of us was feeling pressured into it . We both wanted it . ''
Kim and Liz Dotcom on their wedding day in Coatesville , Auckland .
Dotcom warned them that going public would create `` craziness '' . `` He prepared me , made sure that 's what I wanted . ''
It seems naive , now , they say . They had thought there might be a few media stories and the world would move on .
`` But it really just blew up . '' The response stunned them because it 's not how they saw the situation .
`` It still does n't seem as big as what a lot of people make out . It 's hard to comprehend . ''
The commentary was brutal . Now 22 , she 's exactly half their age and - as many pointed out - quite a bit less than half their weight . These points and others were made repeatedly , often cruelly , online .
`` I never once was upset . A lot of girls would have been really upset with what people are saying . The truth hurts but none of it was true . The mean things people were saying - none of it hurt me . It really did n't .
Liz Dotcom at the home they share with husband Kim Dotcom in Coatesville , Auckland . Photo / Jason Oxenham
`` I was just so happy with Kim . They were so nice and everything was so pretty and perfect , I just blocked it out . ''
As it got increasingly out of control , they devised a break up that never really happened .
`` I think we were together while they were tweeting [ the break up announcement ] . We just needed a bit of peace because it was getting a bit crazy .
`` It made people leave us alone . They kind of realised what they had done . And then they shut down . ''
Liz likens it to cyberbullying - `` it 's like with a teenage girl where they all feel really bad after they do something '' .
And then they cancelled the `` break up '' and it started again and , one way or another , it has never really stopped .
But the slurs stay online . `` No one is mean when we 're out . '' People call out to say hello or offer well wishes .
Neither of the couples asked to marry the other . `` It was kind of just a given . We wanted to from the start . At the very start , we had spoken about it , for sure .
Liz Dotcom , on their wedding day . They say the dress was `` as heavy as I am '' .
`` He knows what they want . I think there was no point in going on and on if it was n't what I wanted when they already knew . ''
Are they too young to get married ? `` I do n't think so . '' Having said that , they admits being being constantly surprised it came along as soon in life as it did .
It continued to surprise her , although that 's now replaced with surprise that it has happened . They were called `` Mrs Dotcom '' the other day . `` I 'm married to Kim . It 's so crazy . ''
I ask about their first argument . Dotcom is an interesting person to argue with because they do n't , ever , like to lose .
But in two years , they say there has n't been one . `` Kim 's always honest . If they do n't like something he 'll say . But I respect them not to argue and I would never yell at him .
`` I respect them and they respect me too . If something is n't right , I would always tell them and they would always tell me . ''
Liz Dotcom at the home they share with husband Kim Dotcom in Coatesville , Auckland . Photo / Jason Oxenham
They talked about extradition and the possibility of prison in the US .
`` At first it was quite hard when you 're catching feelings for someone and then knowing that 's there . It 's quite hard , knowing that you could be completely heartbroken if something was to happen . ''
`` Kim said it would be years [ before it was decided ] but I just did n't know much about it . Could it be next year or the next six months ? I just did n't know . ''
Since then , she 's sat in on meetings with lawyers and talked with Dotcom about the case .
`` I definitely feel better about it now . I 'm confident , like Kim is , that it will all be fine . It 's still in my head , of course . I 'm not that naive . It could turn the other way but then that would be political , not the law .
`` It would be all political because Kim should win . ''
What do you see in him ? `` I think when you see Kim in the news or in the paper , they look way more intimidating than when you meet him .
`` But he 's just so kind . They would never intentionally hurt anyone 's feelings . He 's so kind and accommodating . Considerate , thoughtful . ''
And what do they see in you ? `` He says I 'm genuine and kind and just natural . I 'm not faking anything .
The former Dotcom mansion in Coatesville . Kim and Liz Dotcom live in a neighbouring bungalow .
`` He just wanted someone who would stand by him . Because obviously going through what he 's going through is hard to do on your own .
`` No drama , no nothing - just harmony . That 's their word - harmony . They just wanted harmony and love . ''
I warn them there 's an awkward question . `` They call you … ''
`` Go on , say it , '' they dare .
`` They call you a gold-digger , '' I say .
Liz : `` Nice cars , nice bags , nice clothes - it 's all nice but it 's not happiness . It 's happiness for a minute or two when you 've got it and you 're holding it but apart from that , it 's when you 're with the person you 're happy - when I 'm with Kim .
`` We 're just together like any couple is - and there 's just nice things around . ''
They have one semester of study before finishing university and after years of studying law , does n't want to be a lawyer .
Instead , they want to create and grow a business but says the right idea has n't quite happened yet .
And there are children to come . `` Since Kim has so many kids the topic is always there . People always ask . We definitely want kids together .
`` I want kids really badly and we speak about it every week , every day . I think maybe I want two , or maybe three . ''
She 's already step-mother to five . `` That 's seven or eight for Kim . But yeah , we definitely want kids . ''
They would do IVF , they say , and have discussed surrogacy in New Zealand and Hong Kong . Dotcom , in my experience , has an absolute conviction the wonders of science trump those of nature . Their other children were all conceived through IVF .
They say they have already spoken with fertility services in New Zealand and Hong Kong .
But what about sex ? `` Everything is normal . It 's just normal . '' And mind your own business .
At that point Dotcom walks into the room , rubbing sleep from their eyes . They often adjust sleeping patterns to fit with the time zone he 's working in .
`` We were just talking about babies , '' they say . Dotcom beams : `` Let 's have more babies ! ''
David Fisher has covered Kim Dotcom and the Megaupload case for the NZ Herald since the day of the raid in January 2012 . They have also written a book about the case and been involved in the documentary , Kim Dotcom : Caught in the Web .
To put into perspective the size of the task Leicester City face : Atlético Madrid have eliminated Bayern Munich , Barcelona ( twice ) , Chelsea , Milan , Bayer Leverkusen ( twice ) and PSV Eindhoven in the Champions League across the past three years . Diego Simeone 's team have reached two finals since 2014 and the only club to have got the better of them outside of the group stage during that period is Real Madrid .
Leicester , in short , have got their work cut out and it will take something truly special to turn this Champions League quarter-final around , bearing in mind Atlético go into the game with a 1-0 lead , courtesy of Antoine Griezmann 's contentious penalty in Madrid , and the fact that the Spanish club have gone through in the last 16 European ties in which they have won the first leg .
The odds are stacked against Leicester in that sense , as is so often the case , and Craig Shakespeare smiled when it was pointed out to them that the bookmakers have Atlético at 1-10 to reach the semi-finals . “ They 've got it wrong in the past , so let 's hope they 've got it wrong again , ” Leicester 's manager said , alluding to the Premier League title their club won last season despite starting the campaign as 5,000-1 outsiders . “ We know we 'll start as underdogs because of the history of Madrid but we 're comfortable with that . Let 's hope we can earn people a few bob . ”
Final decision
The good news for Leicester is that Wes Morgan is almost certain to start , softening the blow that Robert Huth is ruled out through suspension . Morgan has missed the last six matches with a back problem but has come through three training sessions without reporting any discomfort . Shakespeare will make a final decision this morning but everything points to the Leicester captain returning and partnering Yohan Benalouane in central defence .
Keeping a clean sheet would appear to hold the key to Leicester 's prospects of progressing , although that will be easier said than done against arguably the best counter-attacking team in Europe , especially as the onus is on the champions to take the game to Atlético . It will be a difficult balancing act for Shakespeare 's players to get right on an occasion when the adrenaline is sure to be pumping , prompting the manager to call for “ cool , smart heads ” .
“ We 're in the tie . We need to make sure offensively we create more , we 've got to get a goal back , but by the same token we need to be mindful of players of the ilk of Griezmann , ” Shakespeare said .
Clean sheets
Leicester failed to register a shot on target in Madrid , where Jamie Vardy was isolated to such an extent that they attempted only two passes , and it would be naive to think that everything will open up for the English club now that they are playing Atlético at home . Simeone 's side are experts at suffocating the life out of opponents and have kept seven clean sheets in their past nine matches .
Just as significantly in the context of this tie , Atlético have not lost any of their previous 21 Champions League away games by more than one goal . “ They have a great defensive record , especially in Europe , ” Shakespeare added . “ But we know what we 've got to do , we ca n't sit back for 90 minutes as we 've got to score . ”
Records , of course , are there to be broken and Leicester have form for that kind of thing . Last season 's Premier League title is the obvious place to start and belongs in a folder marked “ footballing miracles ” .
“ This is something very special to us , ” Christian Fuchs , Leicester 's left-back , said . “ We are the small Leicester City playing in the Champions League , being in the quarter-finals is outstanding and we just enjoy the time we have . We might never be here again . ”
“ We 're not here to make the numbers up , ” Shakespeare said . “ We 're here to have a right go . ”
A South Auckland health professional has been cleared on 20 charges of indecently and sexually assaulting women working for them or being treated by them at their practice .
The women - all but one former employees of the accused - say they groped , touched , rubbed and kissed them inappropriately and without their consent .
But they said the claims were simply not true and that their former staffers `` conspired against him '' as a result of `` internal employment issues '' .
The man was granted permanent name suppression following their acquittal by a jury after a trial spanning almost a month at the Manukau District Court .
Advertisement
The specifics of their occupation were also suppressed , but Judge John Bergseng permitted the Herald to publish the fact they are a health professional .
The Crown alleged that between mid 2015 and early 2016 the man sexually assaulted five women .
As a result they were charged with 19 counts of indecent assault and one of sexual violation by unlawful sexual connection .
After hearing evidence including accounts from all five victims , the jury found the man not guilty on every charge .
The court heard that four of the women worked for the man at their health practice either as reception or junior staff .
The fifth was a member of the public who sought out their professional services .
Crown prosecutor Michael Regan alleged several victims had their bottoms massaged by the man during appointments and others had their breasts or genitals touched .
It was also alleged that the man rubbed their groin on the women - sometimes when they had an erection - put their hands inside their underwear and touched them inappropriately in the groin area .
The most serious of the alleged offending related to the same victim .
The man was accused of `` kissing her , nibbling their ear and slapping their bottom '' outside a treatment room and on a separate occasion , sexually violating them by putting their finger inside their genitals .
`` He abused their position and systematically assaulted each of them , '' said Regan .
They told the jury the case was about `` the abuse of trust and inappropriate touching by a health professional '' .
They said there was an expectation such professionals would not `` mistreat '' patients .
`` The Crown says that ( he ) indecently assaulted five complainants during the course of treating them … under the pretence of delivering legitimate treatments , '' they said .
`` Put simply , this was not legitimate treatment . ''
The Herald can not publish the specifics of the offending as it may identify what realm of health the man works in .
In August 2016 one of the women went to police and made a complaint about the man .
By that stage another of the woman had also come forward .
Police visited the man at work , telling them they were under investigation for indecent assaults on now former staff members .
After speaking to a lawyer the man refused to speak to police .
They were arrested and charged .
During the investigation , three other women disclosed alleged offending and further charges were laid .
Some of the charges were representative , meaning the alleged offender had committed multiple offences of the same type in similar circumstances .
The man strenuously denied all of the charges and said the touching described by the women simply did not happen .
Defence lawyer Ron Mansfield told the court that the man believed four of the women had conspired against him .
They made up the allegations in response to `` internal employment issues '' .
They said the fifth woman `` misunderstood '' their treatment as it was their first visit to such a professional .
Defence witnesses supporting the man 's case included current and past employees from their practice and past and current clients .
The jury also heard expert evidence from the body that oversees the man 's specific occupation on `` legitimate '' and `` genuine '' treatment for patients in that field .
Mansfield provided a statement to the Herald from their client .
`` I am pleased that these allegations , which I have always vehemently denied , are now behind me and that I can return to my professional work which I love , '' the man said .
`` I am grateful for all the professional and family support I have received and that has got me through this difficult time . ''
We are the Best Interior Designers in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai . DELECON™ Company help you to Design your Commercial and Residential Interior in Thane , Andheri , Dadar and other Mumbai areas , Expert interior designers for your home and office in Mumbai , Modern Interior Designer in Mumbai , Home Interior Decorators Goregoan , Interior Designers Mumbai , Affordable interior designing service Mumbai
1-Octanol belongs to the family of alcohols . It is also known as octyl alcohol . It is usually present in colorless liquid state and is insoluble in water . The vapors of 1-octanol are heavier than air . This causes irritation in nose , eyes , and respiratory system if inhaled . In order to increase the shelf life , 1-Octanol is stored in a ventilated cool and dry place in tightly sealed containers protected from heat and light . Its physical characteristics make it useful as wetting and defoaming agent due to its slight viscous nature . 1-Octanol is used in various other applications . It acts as solvent for waxes , protective coatings , and oils .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-octanol-market.html
1-octanol is also used as raw material for the manufacture of plasticizers . Human exposure to this chemical can either be caused through skin contact or inhalation of fumes . Short term exposure can cause irritation to skin , respiratory tract , and eyes . If swallowed in large quantity , it can cause aspiration in the lungs and pneumonitis . 1-octanol is also employed as food preservative in low quantity , so that it does not cause toxicity when consumed by human beings . It is used as synthetic flavoring substance in food , alone or in combination with other flavoring substances . Based on end-use , the market for 1-octanol can be segmented into personal care products , agriculture products , plasticizers , paints & coatings , fuels & fuel additives , and building & construction etc .
The market for 1-octanol is niche , but is anticipated to witness promising growth during the forecast period owing to its increased usage in end-user industries . Increase in awareness among consumers regarding the therapeutic effect of lotions , creams , and conditioners is primarily driving the personal care market . This , in turn , is augmenting the demand for 1-octanol . The market is also expected to benefit from product innovation and product development of new lotions and creams . Increase in recognition of novel brands and rise in awareness among consumers to use prestige brands instead of common brands are poised to boost the 1-octanol market .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=20633
The use of 1-octanol as penetration enhancer in transdermal drug delivery in the pharmaceutical industry is estimated to fuel the market during the forecast period . Ability of 1-octanol to permeate skin efficiently and safely without any hazards is the factor driving its demand in the pharmaceutical industry . The fuel & fuel additives segment held promising share of the 1-octanol market in 2015 . Its share is projected to increase in the next few years owing to its usage as aluminum rolling lubricant and plastic lubricant , among others .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
The front desk ( office ) , a term used for the reception area at a medical facility and its personnel ( receptionists ) , is one of the unsung heroes of multi-tasking and keeping everyone happy . This is the first and last area client 's visit , and thus it is on the frontlines of keeping customers happy and things running smoothly . From scheduling appointments to collecting payment , the front desk seems to do it all !
Why the Front Desk Is Important
The people working at the front desk can truly be dealbreakers in a clinic or hospital . Would you like walking into a clinic with Joy Kil greeting you with a frown every time ? Or would you rather walk in and be greeted with a smiling , happy face by Ray F. Sunshine ?
And it 's not just about making clientele and patients feel warm and welcome . It 's about :
Scheduling the appointments at the correct time and with the correct doctor
Listening to clients well and communicating in a positive and confident manner with those over the phone or clients in the reception area
Handling billing errors and detailing client invoices
Collecting payment to ensure the practice turns a profit so everyone can get paid
Being on the frontlines of many complaints
Pulling up medical records for the doctors
Copying , faxing , and e-mailing documents between clinics , hospitals , and clientele
Keeping the reception area clean
That 's just the gist of it . There 's a whole lot more that goes into making a clinic a great place to work , an even better place for clients to visit , and ensuring things run smoothly and efficiently from the moment the doors open . Hiring a great front desk staff that has excellent communication and customer service skills is one of the most important aspects of running a hospital .
Specifically referring to the work place , every piece of furniture is going to play an important part in boosting your productivity , as well as potential . With the inclusion of great furniture , you 'll have the ability to take your productivity to an entirely new level . It 's the reason why nearly all office spaces in the world are providing a makeover to their boring and old furniture by including stylish , as well as new furniture within their offices .
Office furniture that is boring not just makes you lazy , yet it additionally will make you irritated and clumsy by the mountains of work on your desk . Being surrounded with boring furniture , individuals oftentimes lose interest in work and it 'll affect someone 's productivity to a large extent .
Futurehospicare offers the highest quality of office tables , as well as the finest customer care and service . We are your best source for low prices on hospital furniture and manufacturer of office tables in india .
We have a big selection of hospital furniture like Hospital Semi Fowler Beds , ICU Bed Mechanically , Hospital Bed Mattress , Bed Side Locker , Bed Side Screen , Electric OT Table , Over Bed Table , Examination Table , Labour Table , Examination/Gynae Table , Computer Table , Office Table , and just about anything else your hospital might need .
We are one of the manufacturer of office tables in UP and fast growing and fast improving company in the field of manufacturing hospital furniture , Office table manudacturer in bareilly and display racks . We are in the field of manufacturing hospital furniture since 1980 by the name of Kapoor Steel Enterprises . But now we have come up with our new brand name FUTURE HOSPICARE .
Our factory is equipped with state of the art machinery and powder coating plant that allows us to manufacture bulk quantity of high products in less time . We , the Office table manufacturer in india create products and also modify them according to our customer 's requirement . We produce high quality ergonomically designed furniture that lasts lifelong with the least maintenance required . Our main focus is to provide after Sales Service as soon as possible to our customers .
We are well known manufacturer of office tables in bareilly and hospital beds including fowler beds , semi fowler beds , manual hospital beds , plain hospital beds , adjustable hospital beds , hydraulic & electric hospital beds etc . Browse online catalog and get a free quote now !
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Stuttering Device Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included SpeechEasy , VoiceAmp , SpeakFluent .
The Stuttering Device Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Stuttering Device industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stuttering-device-market/10766/ # requestforsample
The Stuttering Device Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Stuttering Device Market Products Type Segmentation : Miniature Altered Auditory Feedback ( AAF ) Devices , Others
Stuttering Device Market Applications Segmentation : Hospital , Drug Store , Others
Key Highlights of the Stuttering Device Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stuttering-device-market/10766/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Stuttering Device market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
PARIS ( AP ) `` France 's government is presenting a bill on cleaning up political ethics after years of corruption scandals `` even as investigations haunt members of President Emmanuel Macron 's new government .
Justice Minister Francois Bayrou is unveiling the draft law on `` restoring trust '' in politics Wednesday to the Cabinet , the first major legislation by Macron 's administration .
It 's expected to easily pass parliament , where Macron 's party is on track to win a crushing majority in elections Sunday .
Yet the bill , a key Macron campaign promise , is already clouded .
Advertisement
Bayrou 's centrist party Modem is under investigation for possible misuse of European Parliament funds . The minister for European affairs is among several French politicians facing a similar probe . And the territorial cohesion minister is under investigation for their past business practices . They all deny wrongdoing .
A group of 100 serving and retired gardaí from across the country will climb the highest mountain peak in each of the four provinces of Ireland next month .
The Four Peak Mountain Challenge , which is raising funds for Aware , spans over three days ( May 19th-21st ) with participants climbing Carrantoohill in Co Kerry , Mweelrea in Co Mayo , Slieve Donard in Co Down and Lugnaquilla in Co Wicklow .
Members of the gardaí have raised €30,000 to date and are hoping to get to €50,000 by next month . Participants will be accompanied by serving officers from the New York Police Department ( NYPD ) , the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) , and Australian and Spanish police who are taking part in and supporting the challenge . Along with raising funds for the charity , the challenge is aiming to raise awareness for Aware 's support services .
Chief superintendent Lorraine Wheatley , who is based at Blanchardstown Garda station , said : “ We 're doing this for a number of reasons . We 're very conscious of the tough old job we have , the benefits of being out in nature , the benefits of getting the exercise .
“ But also I think , more importantly we 're raising awareness within our own organisation that people do suffer from depression and it can affect people at any stage and we can all get a bit stuck . ”
Better place
“ We deal with people on a daily basis that have issues and I think the more aware and better understanding we have of depression and mental illness , I think it puts us in a better place when dealing with people .
“ It 's about raising awareness internally and externally in our organisation that there is support there . ”
Detective chief superintendent Pat Lordan , from the Garda National Economic Crime Bureau said : “ There 's a lot of training going on at the moment , we were out training last night until 10.30pm on Lugnaquila in the dark so there 's a lot of work being done . ”
Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan said : “ I 'm very pleased to be associated with this very deserving and worthwhile cause .
“ I 'm also delighted that members of An Garda Síochána , along with some of our international colleagues , are taking on this challenge to increase the awareness of mental health issues , create a positive mental health environment and also raise much needed funds for Aware . ”
Fundraising efforts
Dominic Layden , chief executive at Aware said fundraising efforts such as the garda Four Peaks Challenge are worth “ so much more than just the monetary value of what is raised ” .
“ Aware 's services have such a profound impact on people , families , and homes across Ireland , ” they said .
“ Depression and bipolar disorder can have a huge affect on the person themselves , not to mention on family life and relationships , and things like work and study too . ”
Colliers International India 's NCR Facilities Management ( FM ) team clinched ~5,50,000 sq ft of property management project for Pacific Mall and will begin operations from 01 December 2017 . Pacific Mall is one of the premium malls in New Delhi , hosting over ~30,000 people over weekdays to ~90,000 over weekends . Colliers International is the exclusive Integrated Facilities Management ( IFM ) partner that has been appointed to provide Integrated Property Management services at Pacific Mall which houses more than 130 national and international brands .
Following a growth trajectory , this is another addition in Colliers International NCR FM team 's retail IFM projects ; and second one with Pacific group , as Colliers is already managing their mall in Ghaziabad .
Colliers started its engagement with the Pacific group through one of their residential projects in Dehradun , subsequently adding 5 more retail , commercial and residential properties in 3 years . This project of managing the premium Pacific mall in Delhi is an indication of Colliers International 's efforts towards nurturing relationships and commitment to service excellence .
“ It is a landmark win for us . We intend to further strengthen our capabilities with this assignment to increase our footprint in retail FM industry ” , said GS Tyagi | Director ( NCR ) | Facilities Management | Colliers International India .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — A month after speaking at the March for Our Lives in their hometown of Austin , Texas , Matthew McConaughey says they support some gun control but fears the youth-led movement could be `` hijacked '' by those hoping to eliminate all guns in the United States .
McConaughey spoke about their support for the marchers on Monday in Las Vegas , where they were promoting their upcoming film , `` White Boy Rick , '' at the CinemaCon theater-owners convention .
They called gun violence `` an epidemic in our country . ''
`` I 've got a lot of friends who are gun owners . I 've got a lot of friends who are NRA ( National Rifle Association ) . I grew up hunting . We had responsible gun ownership , but I was taught the right way to respect that tool , '' they said . `` At the same time , their petition that they were speaking about is a very good one . And I also fear that their campaign — they have to watch that they do n't get hijacked . Meaning , a lot of the crowd was for no guns at all . That was not the march for life . March for Our Lives was for rightful , just , responsible gun ownership — but against assault rifles , against unlimited magazines and for following up on the regulations . ''
Advertisement
The 48-year-old Oscar winner said they hoped to find room for agreement between anti-gun activists and the NRA .
`` The two sides ( have ) got to talk . Because we both agree that there 's an epidemic . We both agree something has got to change . So I was for what they were marching for , and I wanted to speak to my hometown on the capital of my state Texas ' steps . And also talk to the many men and women who I grew up with , I know that had the guns , that owned the guns , and say hey , do we really , where can we reach across the aisle here ? Find a compromise for the betterment of all of us ? ''
McConaughey plays the father of a teenager who becomes a drug dealer and an FBI informant in `` White Boy Rick , '' based on a true story . It 's set for a September release in theaters .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe admits they cried with happiness when they were told that , with just twenty minutes remaining of the transfer window , their move back to Wolves was back on .
Many a Wanderers fan would have woken up to the news that Afobe had arrived back at Molineux , such was the lateness of the loan agreement .
Having left the old gold club two years ago for Bournemouth , the striker was finally given the green light by Eddie Howe to return for the remainder of the season .
The drama of deadline day provided plenty of worriment for Afobe , who revealed that they actually shed tears of relief when given the nod .
Wolves vs Sheffield United : TV details , team news , predicted XIs , boss thoughts , betting odds
“ I was on , then off , then on , then off , then on again with 20 minutes to go , so it was stressful , ” they told BBC WM .
“ I 've had two serious career-threatening injuries in football before , but that six hours was probably the most difficult of my life because that 's how much I wanted to come back to Wolves .
“ I think I 've played one 90 minutes this season in the Premier League , so it 's been tough for me mentally but I 've got good people around me and for me to have come back here it meant a lot .
“ I was in my car crying when they told me the deal was on with 20 minutes to go because I knew there was no going back now in the sense of them cancelling or the deal not being on again . ”
No deal
Wolverhampton Wanderers chose to pull the plug on negotiations regarding a deal for Felix Beijmo , it is being reported in Sweden .
The full-back , who turned on deadline day itself , plays for Djurgardens in the top tier of Swedish football and attracted interest from Germany in the transfer window , too .
They played 26 times in the Swedish Allsvenskan season last year , scoring twice .
Beijmo cost Djurgardens Just under £450,000 last season when they snapped them up from second tier champions Brommapojkarna and is considered to be one of the brightest emerging talents in their position in Sweden .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wanderers , who brought in Ben Stevenson , Benik Afobe and Rafa Mir to strengthen their forward line significantly in January , also confirmed the permanent capture of Diogo Jota from Atletico Madrid .
They also trimmed their squad , with Ben Marshall and Lee Evans leaving on loan .
In the current right-back role that Beijmo occupies , Nuno Espirito Santo has regular Matt Doherty while Dominic Iorfa remains out on loan at Ipswich .
But reports in Sweden suggest that they came close to agreeing a move for Beijmo , only to decide against the transfer late in the window .
All you need to know
Match details
Kick off is at 5:30pm at Molineux on Saturday , 3 February .
The match has been chosen for live TV coverage - Sky Sports ' programmes on Sky Football and Sky Sports Main Event will start at 5:15pm .
You can keep up with all the reaction with the Birmingham Mail .
Team news
Benik Afobe will be included in the squad after signing on loan from Bournemouth on deadline day .
Midfielder Romain Saiss remains out with a hamstring problem , after missing the win at Ipswich last Saturday .
Sheffield United have no new injury concerns following Tuesday 's 1-0 defeat by Aston Villa .
Goalkeeper Jamal Blackman is undergoing rehabilitation from a groin injury with parent club Chelsea .
Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo says
“ We do n't base the game on the last game we had together . We look at Sheffield United as a good team , a team that is tough and plays a system of 3-5-2 .
“ We have to be ready for it , but it has nothing to do with the last game , everybody knows what happened but it was a long time ago , change has happened on both teams .
“ Tomorrow , what we really want and will have is a Molineux supporting the team and we want to give back what we could not achieve in the last game . ”
Wolves 'pulled out of deal after talks ' for highly-rated defender - reports
Sheffield United manager Chris Wilder says
`` I needed and wanted the options to be able to mix the team up from Tuesday to Saturday and it 's common in the division .
`` It 's down to me now to pick the right team and system to get a result at Wolves , it 's my responsibility .
`` Jamal ( Blackman ) is getting closer to a return , they should be back here on Monday to train , having had their treatment at Chelsea . ''
Predicted XIs
Wolves : Ruddy , Bennett , Coady , Boly , Doherty , Neves , N'Diaye , Douglas , Costa , Jota , Cavaleiro
Sheffield United : Moore , Basham , Stearman , O'Connell , Baldock , Leonard , Evans , Fleck , Stevens , Clarke , Wilson .
Wolverhampton Wanderers news : Clear path to promotion ; Plans to serenade Afobe ; Transfer window conclusion
Who is the referee ?
Darren Bond is the man in the middle .
The last Wolves match they were in charge of was the 1-0 win against Sheffield Wednesday in December 2017 . They booked three Wolves players on that occasion - Ryan Bennett , Ruben Neves and Diogo Jota .
They will be assisted by Jonathan Hunt and David Avent . The fourth official is Eddie Ilderton .
What are the bookies saying ?
Wolves 3/4
Draw 13/5
Sheffield United 17/4
1:22 2017 Polar Bear Plunge at Lacey 's Long Lake Pause
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies
1:25 Straightforward Richard Sherman after Seahawks win at SF
3:17 TNT 's Gregg Bell , Dave Boling on Lions coming to Seahawks in Saturday 's playoff opener
1:33 Hands On Children 's Museum rings in the new year
3:38 Pete Carroll was `` in outer space '' pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
Iranian wushu club South Pars won the title at the sixth International Pars Cup Wushu Championships held in the central Iranian province of Semnan .
On Sunday and the final day of the contests at Ghadir Sports Hall in Semnan , located some 220 kilometers east of the capital Tehran , South Pars having snatched 10 golds , six silvers and two bronzes , Press TV reported .
Indonesia with five golds , two silvers and two bronzes and Brunei with two golds and a bronze finished in second and third places , respectively .
The tournament was held during April 14-16 .
The meet brought together dozens of coaches and competitors from 14 different countries , namely Afghanistan , Armenia , Bangladesh , Belarus , Brunei , Bulgaria , India , Indonesia , Iraq , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Kazakhstan , Lebanon , Pakistan and Singapore .
The tourney was divided into two competition categories of Taolu and Sanda .
Sanda , sometimes called Sanshou or Lei tai , has all the combat aspects of wushu , but includes many more grappling techniques .
Athletes were in action in Changquan , Nanquan , Taijiquan , Daoshu , Jianshu , Chiangshu , Gunshu , Nanquan and Taijijian forms of Taolu .
Nanquan usually requires less flexibility and has fewer acrobatics than Changquan , but it also requires greater leg stability and power generation through leg and hip coordination .
Jianshu is a form of Taolu , where the participant uses a sword as the main element of the routine .
Gunshu is a form of wushu where the participant uses a staff as the main element of the routine .
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience . By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ..
( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara ) . Robot barista named `` Sawyer '' makes a coffee at Henn-na Cafe , meaning `` Strange Cafe '' in Japanese , in Tokyo , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . The cafe 's robot barista brews and serves coffee as the rapidly aging country seeks to adapt to s ...
( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara ) . Robot barista named `` Sawyer '' makes a coffee at Henn-na Cafe , meaning `` Strange Cafe '' in Japanese , in Tokyo , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . The cafe 's robot barista brews and serves coffee as the rapidly aging country seeks to adapt to s ...
( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara ) . Robot barista named `` Sawyer '' makes a coffee at Henn-na Cafe , Japanese meaning `` Strange Cafe '' in Tokyo , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . The cafe 's robot barista brews and serves coffee as the rapidly aging country seeks to adapt to shrink ...
( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara ) . Robot barista named `` Sawyer '' makes a coffee at Henn-na Cafe , Japanese meaning `` Strange Cafe '' in Tokyo , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . The cafe 's robot barista brews and serves coffee as the rapidly aging country seeks to adapt to shrink ...
( AP Photo/Koji Sasahara ) . Robot barista named `` Sawyer '' makes a coffee at Henn-na Cafe , meaning `` Strange Cafe '' in Japanese , in Tokyo , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . The cafe 's robot barista brews and serves coffee as the rapidly aging country seeks to adapt to s ...
By MARI YAMAGUCHI
Associated Press
TOKYO ( AP ) - Japan has a new robot cafe where customers can enjoy coffee brewed and served by a robot barista .
The robot named Sawyer debuted this week at Henna Cafe in Tokyo 's downtown business and shopping district of Shibuya . The shop 's name in Japanese means `` strange cafe . ''
The single-armed robot scans a ticket purchased from a vending machine and greets the customer .
`` Would you care for a delicious coffee ? '' the barista , with a screen showing a pair of cartoon eyes , asks in a flat tone . `` I can make one better than human beings around here . ''
It grinds the coffee beans , fills a filter and pours hot water over a paper cup for up to five people at once . A cup of brewed coffee costs 320 yen ( $ 3 ) and takes a few minutes .
Sawyer can also operate an automated machine for six other hot drinks including cappuccino , hot chocolate and green tea latte .
Customers , many of them young men , took photos with their smartphones while they waited in line .
The cafe operator , travel agency H.I.S . Co. , says robots can increase productivity while also entertaining customers .
`` An essential point is to increase productivity , '' said Masataka Tamaki , general manager of corporate planning at H.I.S . They said only one person needs to oversee the robot cafe , compared to several people needed at a regular coffee shop , so it can serve better quality coffee at a reasonable price .
Tamaki says it 's not just about efficiency . `` We want the robot to entertain customers so it 's not like buying coffee at a vending machine , '' they said .
Takeshi Yamamoto , a 68-year-old restaurant employee who works in the neighborhood , said their first experience with the robot cafe was very enjoyable , and their robot-made coffee was delicious .
`` It 's quite rich , and tastes very good , '' Yamamoto said , as they took a sip . `` You can get machine-made coffee at convenience stores , too , and it 's actually good . But here , I had great fun . ''
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https : //www.apnews.com/search/mari % 20yamaguchi
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $ 400m in 2017
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
By Marnie O'Neill of news.com.au
As police struggle to make sense of the unsolved Sherri Papini abduction case , at least three other women have vanished in mysterious circumstances from the same region .
Amy Snow , 25 , Jessica Roggenkamp , 44 and Stacey Smart , 52 , have all disappeared in the past two months from small northern Californian communities less than a three-hour drive from Redding , where Mrs Papini was kidnapped .
While authorities have stopped short of linking the cases , all of which involve women with blonde hair and blue eyes , they have become the subject of intense speculation in local papers and on social media .
Ms Papini made international headlines when they disappeared on November 2 while jogging in the town of Mountain Gate in Shasta County .
Them husband Keith reported the 34-year-old missing after they came home from work to find they had n't picked up their children from daycare . Them mobile phone and headphones were found near Sunrise Drive where they were last seen , less than 2km from the family residence .
The story took a bizarre turn when Mrs Papini was found bound and badly injured on the side of the Interstate 5 in Yolo County - more than 200km from their home - on Thanksgiving morning .
They had been starved , beaten and branded during their 22 days in captivity but could tell police little about their abductors , whom they described as two Hispanic-speaking women armed with a handgun .
Continued below .
Related Content Serial killer profiler says Sherri Papini abduction has 'serial rapist , serial killer ' written all over it What happened to Stacey Smart ? California mother reported missing same day as Sherri Papini 's schoolfriend Tera Smith vanished from same road 18 years ago
Mrs Papini 's release came less than 48 hours after controversial Redding kidnap consultant Cameron Gamble released a video offering an undisclosed ransom from an anonymous benefactor in exchange for Mrs Papini 's safe return .
Mr Gamble believes their `` reverse ransom '' ( when money is offered in the absence of a ransom demand ) address , which went viral on social media , directly resulted in Mrs Papini 's release .
`` I told the captors the whole world was watching , '' they told The Guardian at the weekend . `` I wanted them to feel they were being hunted , that the money we were offering was so enticing they could n't trust their own mother not to betray them . ''
Mr Gamble has said they believe Mrs Papini was targeted by sex traffickers , a growing trade authorities linked to more than 800 cases in California in 2016 alone .
They expanded on the subject in a recent Reddit AMA ( Ask Me Anything ) and also addressed allegations circulating online that they were using the case to spruik their business .
While many remain sceptical of Mrs Papini 's story and Mr Gamble 's role in it , the ex-soldier has since found themselves in high demand , contacted by desperate families of other missing women in the area .
The daughter of Stacey Smart , who went missing on the same day as Mrs Papini from the nearby town of Lewiston but received a fraction of the publicity , is one of those to have enlisted Mr Gamble 's help .
`` ( He ) is helping us , '' Nicole Santos-Hamann told the Record Searchlight .
`` He 's giving us advice and kind of helping us with coming up with backers , to help us with a bounty or a reward leading up to their whereabouts . ''
Ms Smart , 51 , also known as Stacey Hamilton , is blonde with blue eyes .
The next to vanish was Amy Snow , 25 . Ms Snow was reported missing by their mother on December 1 after leaving their home in Salyer - a small town in Trinity County located less than three hours from Redding , where Mrs Papini was kidnapped , and around two hours from Lewiston , where Ms Smart disappeared .
Numerous searches conducted by police and volunteers in the area and in neighbouring counties have failed to uncover any trace of the young woman , who is described as 165cm with blonde hair and blue eyes .
Sightings of Ms Snow in the town of Arcata , which is located further north towards Humboldt County - which has its own dark reputation thanks to the unsolved cases of five missing women - have so far come to nothing .
Days later , Jessica Roggenkamp disappeared from Anderson , a town set in the Redding municipality .
The 44-year-old was last seen on December 10 by two motorists who told police they had stopped to help them change a tyre .
They said Ms Roggenkamp had told them they were on their way to a party in Harrison Gulch , a popular camping and hiking area in the south east corner of Shasta County .
Whether they made it or not remains a mystery ; just before midnight on December 11 , their 2010 black Ford Mustang was found abandoned in a remote area of Trinity County , south of Highway 36 .
There was no petrol in the tank and the car was unlocked , with the keys still in the ignition .
A sleeping bag , a duffel bag stuffed with clothes and a pillow were found inside but investigators say Ms Roggenkamp 's purse and mobile phone were missing .
Anderson Police Department Sergeant Steve Blunk has said that while there was no sign of foul play at the scene , there was also no indication of what might have happened to Ms Roggenkamp .
- news.com.au
Kate Upton lands their third Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover . SI is celebrating with three different covers featuring Kate .
Upton was lauded as the first “ curvy ” model to land Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit cover opening doors for other curvier models like Ashley Graham .
Kate Upton is back ! Get your issue at newsstands today ! pic.twitter.com/MtVHEwDyj0 — SI Swimsuit ( @ SI_Swimsuit ) February 15 , 2017
Kate is engaged to Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The day was Saturday , March 19 2016 and Derby County were taking on arch rivals Nottingham Forest in the Championship .
The Rams went into the match in fifth place in the league table , with 61 points from 37 matches .
Meanwhile , Forest were 15 points behind in 14th place and had beaten the Rams in their past two meetings .
It was an unlikely hero which earned the Rams all three points against their rivals , with Marcus Olsson putting the home side 1-0 up in the 79th minute .
Derby held on for the win and remained in fifth place in the table with 64 points .
Here are Steve Nicholson 's five talking points from the victory .
IT 'S POINTS THAT MATTER , NOT PLAUDITS
( Image : Mark Fear )
There are no extra points handed out for artistic impression in football , and certainly not in 'derby ' clashes .
The key is to beat your rivals and bag the three points as well as the bragging rights .
Derby County achieved that by squeezing past Nottingham Forest 1-0 thanks to Marcus Olsson 's 79th-minute strike .
It was fast , frantic and competitive . It was tight and tense , with little between the teams .
There was more perspiration than inspiration , with few chances and equally few moments of quality .
In many ways it was what you expect of the fixture .
Eight of the last 11 meetings have been decided by the odd goal ( 1-0 or 2-1 ) and six have contained just one goal .
This was Derby 's first win in four against the Reds .
( Image : Mark Fear )
Forest edged the first half during which they pushed up in high areas of the pitch and played some controlled football . David Vaughan was again an influential figure , as they had been in the fixture at the City Ground .
However , the visitors became more vulnerable as the game opened up .
They looked uneasy and unsure when Rams midfielders Craig Bryson and Jeff Hendrick started to break the lines , and midfielder controller George Thorne began to have a bigger say .
Derby were the better side second half . They upped their energy ( or did Forest tire ? ) and they moved the ball quicker than they had first half .
As the game unfolded it was always likely that the first goal would prove decisive .
When the chance came it was dispatched by left back Olsson with the aplomb of a striker .
The result is everything in these matches , and that is likely to be the case in the final eight fixtures of the season .
Points win promotion . The plaudits follow .
RAMS SHOW REAL CHARACTER
( Image : Mark Fear )
Derby 's determined display in digging out a hard-fought victory over Forest answered a few questions that had lingered from the previous game .
Questions centred on the spirit and togetherness within the camp after a torrid final 10 minutes at Rotherham when the Rams squandered a three-goal lead to draw 3-3 .
But Derby dusted themselves down and their performance against Forest showcased a collective desire not only to defeat their rivals but also to deliver promotion this season .
It was not pretty , agreed , and Derby have played much better with the ball but the performance oozed character .
Richard Keogh and Jason Shackell defended their area wonderfully well , making great headed clearances while a terrific block by midfielder George Thorne late on denied Ben Osborn a possible equaliser .
Such moments are as valuable as a goal at the other end and all of those crucial contributions helped to record a clean sheet .
( Image : Mark Fear )
A word also for Craig Bryson , who has endured a stop-start season due to injury .
The midfielder put in a tireless shift , running a marathon on a football pitch , and the second biggest cheer of the game after the one that greeted the goal came when Jake Buxton was introduced as a late substitute .
Buxton is a huge favourite with supporters and a player of real character .
They were soon in the thick of it as Forest searched for an equaliser .
Their shirt-pull on Matt Mills in the area went unnoticed , fortunately , and the Forest defender then crashed into goalkeeper Scott Carson .
This sparked a melee that involved a number of players in which Mills could easily have been shown a red card rather than a yellow for raising their hands at Keogh , who was also booked in the incident .
Not the first melee we have seen in this fixture down the years and probably not the last .
OLSSON AN UNLIKELY MATCH WINNER
( Image : Mark Fear )
If you are going to score your first goal in three and a half years then why not do it in your team 's biggest game of the season , so far ?
Marcus Olsson did just that .
The left back popped up 11 minutes from time to beat Forest keeper Dorus de Vries and give Derby a 1-0 victory .
It was a well-worked and beautifully finished goal .
Craig Bryson fed Tom Ince on the edge of the area and they held off centre back Matt Mills to roll a clever pass , an inviting pass to Olsson on the overlap .
Where was Forest 's right back Eric Lichaj ?
To be honest , who cares ?
Olsson still had plenty to do , and they did it expertly - guiding the ball with their weaker right foot low cross de Vries ' dive and into the far corner of the net .
Great composure and an excellent finish from a player whose one previous goal in English football came while playing for Blackburn Rovers in a 3-3 draw at Leeds in September 2012 .
Olsson was Derby 's biggest threat throughout the game . They produced two or three delicious crosses on their raids down the left which Derby failed to capitalise on .
One goal was enough to settle the contest and Olsson 's strike was a rare moment of quality in this A52 battle .
RAMS SHUT OUT THE NEIGHBOURS
( Image : Mark Fear )
JUST one goal has been conceded by Derby in their last five home games .
The clean sheet against Forest was the Rams ' third consecutive shut out at the iPro Stadium having previously beaten Huddersfield 2-0 and Blackburn 1-0 .
They have only scored four goals themselves in the five matches but they were never likely to need many more than one to take the points on Saturday .
Forest are pretty toothless in attack just now .
They have scored only five goals in their last 11 games and have failed to find the net more than once in any of those games . Only one team in the division has scored fewer than their 34 goals , MK Dons with 32 .
Forest were solid defensively against Derby and held a good shape . They showed courage in possession but offensively they never really looked like scoring .
It was not a case of missing chances because they did n't really create any .
Their one effort on target was a deflected shot from substitute Jamie Ward deep in added time .
Head coach Paul Williams acknowledged that Forest need more potency in attack .
`` Two thirds of the pitch are really good , but we need to get end product . We know our shortfalls - we 're not scoring enough goals , '' they said .
Injuries have hit the Reds hard this season , especially losing key striker Britt Assombalonga who could return to action in an under-21 game during the international break .
THAT WAS THE WEEK THAT WAS
( Image : Mark Fear )
Derby County , not Nottingham Forest , were all smiles at the end of a busy week off the field for both clubs .
Forest sacked manager Dougie Freedman and installed ex-Rams midfielder Paul Williams as head coach until the end of the season .
Williams ' first game in charge brought a good point in a draw at Hull on Tuesday but they and the Forest players left Derby empty handed on Saturday .
For Derby , the win proved just the tonic after their costly late collapse at Rotherham seven days ' earlier .
A few days later , Harry Redknapp was appointed as a football advisor to work alongside head coach Darren Wassall in the hope that the 69-year-old 's experience can help the Rams during the Championship run-in .
And it appears that the Redknapp factor has had an immediate effect .
Wassall spoke on the eve of the Forest clash of how Redknapp had added to a feel-good factor around the training ground .
Pictures of Redknapp , Wassall , the coaching staff and the players laughing and enjoying training on Friday added weight to Wassall 's message .
Redknapp watched the Forest game from the directors ' box and they were in the dressing room before , during and after the match .
Wassall said Redknapp has been welcomed with open arms and their input , along with that of all the coaches , is valuable .
DERBY COUNTY ( 4-3-3 ) : Carson ; Hanson ( Christie , 90+2 ) , Keogh , Shackell ( Buxton , 82 ) , Olsson ; Hendrick , Thorne , Bryson ; Ince , Martin , Johnson ( Russell , 64 ) .
Other subs : Grant ( gk ) , Weimann , Bent , Butterfield .
NOTTINGHAM FOREST ( 4-2-3-1 ) : De Vries ; Lichaj , Mancienne , Mills , Jokic ; Mendes ( Blackstock , 84 ) , Cohen ( Ward , 64 ) , Gardner , Vaughan , Osborn ; Macheda ( O.Burke , 70 ) .
Other subs : Evtimov ( gk ) , Wilson , Fox , Tesche
Referee : K Stroud ( Hampshire )
Attendance : 33,010 ( 3,095 away fans )
SCORER :
Olsson ( 79 ) 1-0
BOOKINGS :
Derby : Hanson ( 53 ) foul on Osborn ; Keogh ( 84 ) scuffle with Mills ;
Forest : Mendes ( 51 ) foul on Olsson ; Mills ( 84 ) scuffle with Keogh ;
2 Stars — Shallow
When the Bubonic Plague of the 14th century killed an estimated 30 percent to 60 percent of the population of Europe , it implanted a traumatic memory within us . This collective fear of epidemics in general and the plague in particular is further mined as the plague 's symptoms of high fever , chills , malaise and seizure are now given to the fictional virus created by Steven Soderbergh in their film Contagion . Because of this , the film creates a visceral dread as viewers walk through the days of the epidemic with its victims .
Bringing together a quality ensemble cast , the film begins with the second day of the outbreak as Beth Emhoff ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) is returning home from a business trip to China . Them husband , Mitch ( Matt Damon ) , is mildly concerned with their general malaise but thinks they simply caught a bug during their travel .
The next day , they are called by the school to take home their sick stepson , Clark ( Griffin Kane ) . But when Beth has seizures and is rushed to the hospital , they soon dies , and their young son quickly follows .
Using a montage of images and newscasts , we soon realize that this is not an isolated incident , but that the World Health Organization as well as our own Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recognizes that something serious is attacking people throughout the world . It is then that we begin to experience the epidemic from the perspective of the professionals responsible for managing such disasters .
Dr. Ellis Cheever ( Laurence Fishburne ) , Dr. Arrington ( Stef Tovar ) , Dr. Leonora Orantes ( Marion Cotillard ) , Dr. Erin Mears ( Kate Winslet ) , Dr. Ian Sussman ( Elliott Gould ) , Dr . Ally Hextall ( Jennifer Ehle ) and Dr. David Eisenberg ( Demetri Martin ) form a team who bring not only their professional expertise but their personal perspectives to bear on discovering the source and developing a cure for the epidemic . This large ensemble does make it a little difficult to follow the tale , but in the end , it also adds texture and complexity to the story .
We wo n't spoil how all of this comes together or who pays the ultimate price in their efforts to resolve the mystery . The message of the film is not only about the possibility of a viral epidemic spread by birds , bats or pigs , but also about the social epidemic spread by fear and self-protection .
It is clear that in catastrophic moments , both the best and the worst of human beings are revealed . However , in this time of deep loss and fear , there is no one representing any community of faith to bring hope or comfort in the disaster , and this is a weakness that keeps the film from finding its way and leaves us both empty and depressed at the conclusion . As one man in the theater seated behind us stated loudly and disgustedly at the end of the film : “ That 's it ? ”
Discussion :
» Our collective fear of epidemics is big business for pharmaceutical companies . This point of view is represented in the film by opportunistic blogger Alan Krumwiede ( Jude Law ) . Do you believe , as Alan did , that there is a conspiracy between government and pharmaceuticals ? Why or why not ?
» The fact that epidemics do not kill everyone is because some have natural immunity . Medical research has been focusing on increasing this natural protection even for such diseases as cancer . Where do you think we should focus our research , on treating diseases or increasing immunity ? Why ?
» The final scenes , which take us back to the formation of the virus , imply that it was the destruction of the forest to build the new factory that forced the bat into the roofing of the pig pen and thus created this new virus . Do you see this as fantasy or realistically possible ? Do you think such agendas are appropriate in the arts , or is that the purpose of the arts — to bring social awareness and change ? Why do you answer as you do ?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary . Hal Conklin is former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is pastor of Free Methodist Church , 1435 Cliff Drive . For more reviews , visit www.cinemainfocus.com .
Justin Bieber Just Fed This Random Guy Ice Cream In The Street
Imagine bumping into Justin Bieber in the street and asking them to feed you some ice cream ...
These days , Justin Bieber pops up all over the place . Whether he 's chilling in a random public swimming pool with their bae Hailey Baldwin , or buying random kids in the mall $ 350 trainers , it seems the Biebs is a man of the people !
This time around , they were spotted out and about by a guy who then got them to pose for what can only be described as one of the funniest Justin Bieber candid pictures ever taken .
> Shawn Mendes Just Proved He 's The Number One Justin Bieber Fanboy
Sharing news of this meeting of minds with the world , Twitter user @ bellegiordano wrote , ' A kid from my school met Justin Bieber at an ice cream shop and took pictures of Justin feeding them ice cream I 'm dead ' alongside ALL the evidence needed .
A kid from my school met Justin Bieber at an ice cream shop and took pictures of Justin feeding them ice cream I 'm dead pic.twitter.com/ngLhXIBozX — bella ( @ bellegiordano ) July 3 , 2018
Considering that they must get stopped in the street every day of their life , Justin actually appears to be pretty cool with posing for the photos and the fact that they play along with the feeding pose is hilarious .
Bella , who posted the original tweet , went on to confirm that the photos were taken in The Hamptons , an area of Long Island , New York known for its big , expensive houses .
The hamptons — bella ( @ bellegiordano ) July 3 , 2018
Sadly though we still do n't know what flavour the ice cream was , so we 'll have to keep you updated as soon as we get an update .
What a guy !
> Download Our Free App For All The Latest Justin Bieber News !
SHAH ALAM , Malaysia ( AP ) — A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the North Korean leader 's estranged half brother told police they realized they had been used to murder them after they were detained , their lawyer said Tuesday .
Doan Thi Huong and co-defendant Siti Aisyah from Indonesia were charged with murder after Kim Jong Nam died at Kuala Lumpur 's airport on Feb. 13 last year . The two are the only suspects in custody , though prosecutors have said four North Koreans who fled the country were also involved .
The court heard earlier that Huong told police after they were detained last year that they were recruited by a Korean man known as Mr. Y in a Hanoi bar in December 2016 . Mr. Y has been identified in court as Ri Ji Hyon , one of the four North Korean suspects who fled Malaysia .
On Tuesday , the court heard that Huong thought they were playing a harmless prank for a hidden camera show and only knew Kim was dead after police told them Them lawyer Hisyam Teh Poh Teik said Huong told police that Mr. Y put an oily substance on their hands and told them to rub their hands together before smearing it on Kim 's face but that they did n't know it was the VX nerve agent .
Advertisement
Huong also told police that Mr. Y did n't ask them to wash their hands or to keep their hands away from their body but that they did so on their own because the substance was oily , smelly and felt uncomfortable , Teh said . They went to a restroom on another floor to wash their hands because Mr. Y had told them to leave the scene immediately after the prank .
The court heard that Huong was told by Mr. Y that the video on Feb. 13 would be important as it would be uploaded on YouTube . They told police they are n't able to contact Mr. Y after that . They returned to the airport two days later to carry out another prank but there was no sign of Mr. Y and they were detained shortly after .
`` He is liar . They used me to do video on 13/02/2017 for him , '' they said in their police statement , read out by Teh .
Two days before the attack on Kim , Huong told police they were given Johnson 's baby cream for a similar prank at the airport and did n't wash it off .
The two women face the death penalty if convicted , but not if they lacked intent to kill . Prosecutors contend the women , who both were seen on security videos holding their hands away from their bodies as they rushed to wash off the oily liquid , knew they were handling poison .
Earlier , Teh told the court that Huong had told police they were an actor as they were paid to act in two video pranks shows in Hanoi in 2016 , which were uploaded on YouTube . The Vietnamese man who made those videos gave the court sworn statements that they recruited Huong , whom they knew just as `` baby , '' to act in their videos as they could n't come to Malaysia to testify .
Kim , the eldest son in the family that has ruled North Korea since its founding , had been living abroad for years after falling out of favor . It is thought they were assassinated because they were perceived as a threat to the rule of their half brother , Kim Jong-un . Malaysian officials have never officially accused North Korea of involvement in Kim 's death and have made it clear they do n't want the trial politicized .
Child Seat : Expert reveals all you need to know about the law changes
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ahead of new child booster seat laws being introduced on March 1 , data has revealed the extent of the public 's bafflement .
Freedom of Information data requested by motoring experts Confused.com reveals there were 4,646 incidents of UK drivers not adhering to child seatbelt laws in 2015 .
A total of 19,358 of these offences were recorded between 2013 and 2015 .
Worryingly , new research reveals two thirds ( 66 % ) of parents do not understand the current car booster seat regulations .
Furthermore , over half ( 56 % ) are unaware of new booster seat regulations coming into force this year , and of those who are aware 87 % do not understand the changes .
As the current UK law stands , all children travelling in a vehicle must use the correct car seat for their height , age and weight until they are either 12 years old or 135cm tall – whichever comes first .
Children weighing as little as 15kg ( 2st 4lbs ) are permitted to travel in backless booster seats – for reference , on average , a child of this weight is about the age of a three year-old toddler .
Under the new rules backless booster seats - also known as booster cushions - will only be approved for use for children taller than 125cm and weighing more than 22kg ( 3st 6.5lbs ) .
To make it even more complicated , backless booster seats bought before the law changes can still be used after the regulation change as it will only apply to new products appearing on the market .
Perplexed ? Well you are not alone .
The research commissioned by Confused.com into parents ' knowledge and attitudes towards booster seats and seat belts reveals over a third ( 34 % ) of parents admit to occasionally not using a booster seat for their child .
Excuses from parents include not transferring the booster seat when switching to another car ( 33 % ) , believing their child did not need one ( 26 % ) and believing it was not needed as they were just making a short trip ( 25 % ) .
Even for parents who use a booster seat , the law can be contentious , as debates are raging on social media over what is considered to be safe .
Whereas nearly half ( 46 % ) believe booster seats with backs are safer , one in six ( 16 % ) believe backless booster seats offer the same level of protection .
Research also suggested a cynical , 30 % of parents believe increased booster regulations are a result of lobbying by profit driven car seat manufacturers .
Confused.com 's motoring editor Amanda Stretton says : “ The current regulations are understandably hard to understand and the new changes may make it even trickier for parents to keep their children safe .
`` The fact that car seats bought before the law change will still be acceptable to use sends mixed messages .
`` The Government needs to simplify the messaging around backless car seat use so there is no misunderstanding over what is and is not safe .
“ Parents must also be aware of the potential cost consequences of having an accident with their child in the car .
`` Nearly half ( 44 % ) do not replace their child 's car seat after a crash . However , parents should always replace booster seats after an accident , even if there is no obvious damage , as they may become weakened and unable to provide the same level of protection should a second collision occur .
`` Regulatory approved car seats can cost in the region of £80 to £350 .
`` If parents are caught travelling with their child in the car without the correct booster for their age , height and weight , they could face a £100 fine .
“ For more information on the new booster requirements and how to comply with the law , visit Confused.com . ”
Tanya Robinson , Child Safety Centre Manager at TRL , added : “ There is a large amount of uncertainty among parents and carers about the latest changes to child restraint regulations . Whilst this latest change will affect the types of child restraint available in future , there is not going to be a ban on “ boosters ” .
`` What it means is that new booster cushions approved and coming to market after the upcoming change to Regulation 44 will only be suitable for children over 22kg and 125cm height .
`` However , TRL recommend , where possible , to use a high back booster seat .
“ Regardless of the detail of the regulations , it is vital that parents ensure that their child is in the correct type of seat for their height and weight , as this will allow for maximum protection in the event of an accident .
`` Parents faced with the growing range and style of seats should remember there is no race to move a child into the next type of seat because they get older .
`` Ensure that the car seat you choose is appropriate for your child 's weight , height and age and that it fits well in your vehicle . ”
Puerto Rico 's governor Ricardo Rossello has said that they will speak to Elon Musk after the Tesla inventor said their innovative solar power systems could be used to restore electricity on the island .
Musk was mentioned in a tweet , referencing an article discussing ways to restore Puerto Rico 's power grid , which was knocked out by Hurricane Maria on September 20 .
Restoring the ageing and already-weakened network has proved slow : as of Friday 90 per cent of the island remained without power . The island 's electricity company was declared bankrupt in July .
Musk was asked : `` Could @ ElonMusk go in and rebuild # PuertoRico 's electricity system with independent solar & battery systems ? ''
Advertisement
The South African entrepreneur replied : `` The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for Puerto Rico too .
`` Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt , PUC , any commercial stakeholders and , most importantly , the people of PR . ''
Their suggestion was seized upon by Rossello , who then tweeted : `` @ ElonMusk Let 's talk . Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies ?
`` PR could be that flagship project . ''
@ elonMusk Let 's talk . Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies ? PR could be that flagship project . https : //t.co/McnHKwisqc — Ricardo Rossello ( @ ricardorossello ) October 6 , 2017
Musk replied that they were happy to talk .
Restoring power to the battered island is a priority for the government , with hospitals still running on generators and the 3.5 million people struggling with a lack of refrigeration or air conditioning .
Radios broadcast messages advising people how to keep their insulin cool , and doctors are concerned about people not being able to access dialysis .
And , with its power grid wiped out , the Caribbean island could totally rethink the way it meets its energy needs .
`` This is an opportunity to completely transform the way electricity is generated in Puerto Rico and the federal government should support this , '' said Judith Enck , the former administrator for the region with the environmental protection agency .
`` They need a clean energy renewables plan and not spending hurricane money propping up the old fossil fuel infrastructure . ''
Forty-seven per cent of Puerto Rico 's power needs were met by burning oil last year - a very expensive and outdated method of electricity generation .
For the US as a whole , petroleum accounted for just 0.3 per cent of all electricity generated in 2016 .
The majority of the rest of Puerto Rico 's energy came courtesy of coal and natural gas , with renewables accounting for only two per cent of electricity generation .
`` In that time of extreme petroleum prices , the utility was borrowing money and buying oil in order to keep those plants operating , '' said Luis Martinez , a lawyer at natural resources defense council and former special aide to the president of Puerto Rico 's environmental quality board .
`` That precipitated the bankruptcy that followed . It was in pretty poor shape before the storm . Once the storm got there , it finished the job . ''
But Martinez told the website Earther that it might be difficult to secure the financing for rebuilding Puerto Rico with renewables from FEMA ( Federal Emergency Management Agency ) funds .
`` A lot of distribution lines were on wood poles , '' they said .
`` Concrete would make them more resistant to winds , but that would potentially not be authorized under the use of FEMA funds .
`` We 're looking into if some of those requirements can be waived so rebuilding can be more resilient . ''
The fescue grasses danced , which is always a good sign at Portmarnock Hotel & Golf Links on a spring day . And , for sure , the stiff wind that whipped in off the Irish Sea only served to add to the test in the Allianz Irish Times Officers ' Challenge regional qualifier on the wonderful Bernhard Langer-designed course which has matured into one of the finest in the country .
What was it Langer themselves once observed ? “ Golf is not life or death , it 's a game ; and at the end of the game , there 's always going to be a winner and a loser . ”
In fairness to the German , they have demonstrated an impressive longevity in fashioning golfing success around the globe . Except , on this occasion , it felt as if everyone was a winner here in getting an opportunity to test every facet of the game : that Edmondstown Golf Club emerged as the victors was the icing on the cake for the team of lady captain Aoife Cousins , honorary secretary Gerry Hiney and captain Tim O'Connor who produced a score of 70 points on a difficult day for scoring .
Although the trio have served their club well in their various officer roles down the years , it is an indication of the uniqueness of this three-person team competition ( with two scores to count ) that it was actually the first time the Edmondstown three had played an event together . But they dove-tailed beautifully , which is often the key component in mapping out a successful strategy .
“ We had a game plan , which was basically to play to par as much as we could , ” admitted Hiney , a 13-handicapper . With Cousins ( 11 ) and O'Connor ( 20 ) contributing well in what evolved into a fine team performance , Edmondstown led the way in booking their place in the national final which will take place at The K Club in August .
Dublin mountains
The demands of Portmarnock Links were , as O'Connor pointed out , somewhat different to their own tree-lined parkland course in the foothills of the Dublin mountains .
And just as they had planned , Edmondstown kept nett par as their friend for much of the journey around the links with their score of 70 edging out Foxrock Golf Club by two points , with Rathfarnham Golf Club finishing third on 66 points and Co Louth Golf Club fending off Clontarf Golf Club on countback after both finished on 64 points . All four qualifying clubs have now booked their invites to Straffan .
The Foxrock team of Stuart Margetson ( 13 ) , Carol Dillon ( 21 ) and Derek Scally ( 15 ) got off to a flying start . Having started on the eighth , Dillon hit a rescue to the Par 3 ninth – their second hole of the day – which finished 12 feet from the flag . Dillon followed up by rolling in the birdie putt . “ I left it to the lads after that , ” they quipped .
And the team was later helped by the addition of another birdie , this time from Scally after a 5-wood approach to 30ft on the first . “ The conditions were tough , it always felt as if the wind was against you , ” said Scally .
Satisfaction
The Rathfarnham team of Declan Sweeney ( 6 ) , Jane Jones ( 13 ) and Beulah Sargent ( 26 ) combined well , with the highlight being a birdie on the 17th , one of the toughest Par 3s around . There , Sweeney 's 3-wood was propelled into the wind to 10 feet and there was great satisfaction in finishing the job by rolling in the birdie putt .
The Co Louth team of Harry Collier ( 12 ) , Jackie Quinn ( 8 ) and David Hepburn ( 8 ) required the assistance of a back nine countback to edge out Clontarf , whose cause was n't helped by all three members blanking the Par 4 14th hole .
Peter Kilcullen , the Chief Customer Officer for Allianz , greeted the competing officers and teams to what is the 22nd year of the company 's involvement in the competition and welcomed The Irish Times , involved for the first time , on board as co-sponsors . Kilcullen commended Moira Cassidy , the director of golf and their team at Portmarnock Hotel & Golf Links , for the excellent conditioning of the links .
The remaining regional qualifiers will take place at Cork Golf Club ( May ) , Malone Golf Club ( June ) , Mount Juliet ( July ) and Galway Bay ( August ) with the national final to be played at The K Club on August 28th .
Results ( Portmarnock Hotel & Golf Links qualifiers ) :
70 points – Edmondstown ( Tim O'Connor , Aoife Cousins , Gerry Hiney )
68 points – Foxrock ( Stuart Margetson , Carol Dillon , Derek Scally )
66 points – Rathfarnham ( Derek Sweeney , Beulah Sargent , Jane Jones )
64 points ( on countback ) – Co Louth ( Harry Collier , Jackie Quinn , David Hepburn )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Captain Richard Keogh has signed a new contract with Derby County .
The defender has agreed a three-and-a-half-year deal , which will run until the summer of 2021 .
Keogh has started every league game for the Rams this season , forging an impressive centre-back partnership with Curtis Davies .
Gary Rowett men , who are currently second in the Championship table , have conceded only three goals in the past 13 league outings , keeping 10 clean sheets in the process and 15 in total .
Keogh has made 276 appearances for Derby since joining the club from Coventry City for £1m in the summer of 2012 , scoring eight goals .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
The majority of those have been as skipper and they have twice been named player of the year .
The Republic of Ireland international has helped Derby reach the play-offs on two occasions but they have so far fallen just short of promotion .
Keogh will be hoping that this proves to be the Rams ' year .
The 31-year-old will be about to turn 35 when their latest contract expires .
They are set to lead out the Derby team once again in Saturday 's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday ( 3pm ) .
A woman who died of meningococcal disease on the weekend had only just got married hours before .
Jamieka McCarthy Harford , 26 , died in Auckland on Saturday after falling ill during their wedding ceremony . They later died of the bacterial infection linked to meningitis .
Harford 's husband told Newshub that their sudden death was a huge shock .
`` Her passing was a huge shock to everybody to lose them so quickly and this has been incredibly difficult to process , '' they said .
Advertisement
`` She was taken from us without notice by a horrible , deadly disease . ''
The marriage took place on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula , with photos depicting the smiling bride walking down the aisle on a sunny golf course .
A family statement to Newshub said , `` Jamieka was so happy to be married and the wedding was a beautiful , happy occasion surrounded by love . ''
Them family described Jamieka as `` the most kind-hearted person in the world who loved life and they always put others before herself . They were a beloved wife , daughter , granddaughter , sister , niece , cousin and friend . They will be missed forever . ''
The Auckland Regional Public Health Service has confirmed it is investigating the death which was likely caused by meningococcal disease .
ARPHS said it was working closely with the family to prevent further transmission of the disease .
Meningococcal disease is caused by bacteria spread by very close contact or many hours of prolonged contact with an infected person - and is serious and potentially fatal .
There are around 28 cases of meningococcal disease in Auckland each year .
As tensions with North Korea mount , Hawaii lawmakers anxiously are dusting off the state 's emergency plans in preparation for the possibility – however remote – of an attack on the islands .
The plans were last revisited in the 1980s . But the Hawaii House Public Safety Committee on Thursday formally called for the state 's defense agency to repair their hundreds of Cold War-era fallout shelters and restock them with medical supplies , food and water .
“ They have n't been updated since 1985 , ” Rep. Matt LoPresti , a Democrat who serves as vice chair of that committee , told Hawaii News Now . “ I was 11 years old when they were last updated . Many of the buildings that are on the fallout shelter list do n't exist anymore . ”
While the bellicose threats and displays of weapons capability in Pyongyang are playing out on the other side of the world for most Americans , Hawaii residents – some old enough to remember the last time their home was at the frontlines – see the dispute much differently . Honolulu is roughly 4,600 miles from the North Korean capital of Pyongyang .
TRUMP ON NORTH KOREA : ‘ GOT TA BEHAVE '
A North Korean missile launched Sunday to showcase the country 's nuclear and missile capabilities in honor of the birthday of its late founder failed just seconds after launch .
However , satellite images show a sixth nuclear launch has been primed . And experts have said North Korea possesses , or could soon have , the capability to launch intercontinental ballistic missiles or nuclear warheads at Hawaii .
A long-range missile launched from North Korea could reach Hawaii or Alaska , said Dean Cheng , senior research fellow with the Asian Studies Center at the conservative Heritage Foundation . Hawaii is possibly a more desirable target , Cheng said , since the state has 11 military bases , including Pearl Harbor , and is the headquarters for the United States Pacific Command ( USPACOM ) at Camp Smith .
Cheng warned that since North Korea likely has an imprecise system , missiles launched at Pearl Harbor could actually hit downtown Honolulu or other areas of Oahu .
The impact of a missile hitting the island chain would be horrific , Cheng said . Burn cases would flood the hospitals . The state would need a plan to treat people out of the urban Honolulu center , they said , particularly if Honolulu were hit directly .
While preparing the state for such an attack will take time , Cheng said the state must begin .
“ This is a long-term issue that is not going to go away , ” Cheng said .
Should North Korea initiate an attack , the state would have just 20 minutes to prepare , said Toby Clairmont , executive officer of the department 's Hawaii Emergency Management Agency . They told lawmakers it could take seven years , however , to prepare the state for such an emergency and ensure adequate facilities for the state 's 1.42 million residents , including its substantial homeless population , as well as millions of visitors .
Because the vast majority of Hawaii 's food supply and other goods are brought in via Jones Act-approved cargo ships to Honolulu Harbor , lawmakers also called for the state to prepare alternative sites for food and supplies to be delivered should the harbor be destroyed .
LoPresti told Hawaii News Now he 's not trying to spread fear , but they want the public to know the government is taking steps to protect them in the worst-case scenario .
The resolution , which passed the committee unanimously , requires further House and Senate approvals .
Malia Zimmerman is an award-winning investigative reporter focusing on crime , homeland security , illegal immigration crime , terrorism and political corruption . Follow them on Twitter at @ MaliaMZimmerman
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The number of gym memberships across the country are at an all-time high as the nation fight back against the fat .
However , there are plenty of ways for you to get fit and in shape without the need for another regular standing order leaving your bank account .
With that said , there are a number of great products available on the market to help those of you who are serious about fitness achieve your goals .
If you 're tired of traipsing to the gym in the cold weather or if you 're tired of working out within the same four walls , then these potential investments that we 've listed below could help inspire you to mix up your current regimen ( and clean up your diet ! )
Exercise
Running Shoes
If you have a desire to hit the streets , the best starting point – aside from having the Rocky soundtrack on your iPod – is getting yourself a proper pair of running shoes like these in MandMDirect 's up to 75 % sale .
The difference between running in a pair of trainers and running in a pair of running shoes is monumental and as far as exercises go , running is just about the best way of improving your overall cardiovascular health . There are also an increasing number of scientific studies that argue it has a number of benefits to your mental well-being too .
Boxing Bag
You very seldom see an out-of-shape fighter – and with this great offer in Argos found on HotUKDeals , you have the added bonus of being able to take out the stresses of your day !
FitBit
One of – if not the – the best way of tracking your health and fitness progress is the FitBit . If you do n't already know , the Fitbit is an item of wearable technology that acts as an all-in-one heart-rate monitor and activity tracker that records things like the number of steps you 've taken , distance you 've covered and calories you 've burned .
Some newer models – like this 'Amazon 's Choice ' – can be used as a morning alarm and even monitor your sleeping patterns giving you visual illustrations of your 'deep sleep ' and 'wakeful patterns ' .
PayAsUGym
It 's also worthy of mention that there is now a way of being able to get inside a gym on an ad hoc basis .
The website PayAsUGym allows you to buy one-time or short-term gym memberships and is partnered up with just about every gym and health club across the country .
This may be an option for somebody wanting to train for a specific date or objective - or perhaps for individuals who work away and have irregular or time-consuming working patterns .
Diet
There is little point in trying to get fit and healthy without the appropriate nutrition to help you prepare and recover . Fortunately , in an increasingly saturated market , competitors in the fitness industry are battling for customers – and that means there are bargains to be had .
Sites like MuscleFood have become popular and sell products that are endorsed by dozens of high-profile athletes while other sites like HelloFresh deliver freshly prepared quality ingredients to your doorstep that take out the hassle of cooking .
Supplementation
On top of what you eat , you might also want to take a look at supplementation from places like MyProtein and VivoLife .
The Syrian army has carried out an attack on al-Qaeda-linked militants in the western province of Homs , killing a number of terrorists , including senior leaders .
Syria 's official news agency , SANA , said Monday that an army unit bombarded a gathering of militants from the Jabhat Fateh al-Sham group , formerly known as al-Nusra Front , in the village of Um Sharshouh , about 18 kilometers north of the city of Homs , killing a number of them and injuring several others .
The report said key leaders from the Takfiri group were killed in the army attack , including the chief of mortar brigade . SANA said two other notable terrorists were also among those killed while mortar launchers and machine gun-equipped vehicles belonging to the group were destroyed during the attack .
Militants blamed for power cuts
Separately , Syria said on Monday that the Jabhat Fateh al-Sham militants attacked electricity transmission towers near the capital , Damascus . SANA said the militants knocked out electricity towers in al-Khazrajia area in the southwestern part of Damascus countryside , causing power cuts in Quneitra region . The news agency added that militants detonated remote explosive devices that they had planted on three towers to bomb the facilities .
Jabhat Fateh al-Sham militants , along with Daesh Takfiri terrorists , are the main terror groups operating in territories to the north and east of Syria .
The two have been excluded from several truce agreements reached between the Damascus government and other militant groups , which means the Syrian military and its allies can continue their operations against them during the cessation of hostility .
The report came as a ceasefire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth consecutive day across the country amid sporadic fighting .
One way or the other , a famine will end on the first Sunday in September . If it 's Waterford who lift Liam MacCarthy , 58 years of wishes will pop up out of the penny fountain ; if it 's Galway , the number is a not-insignificant 29 .
And unless you have wilfully been nesting under a rock somewhere over the past seven summers , you will know that the big ball side of the house can see a famine go this year as well – Mayo have , until next Sunday at least , the chance to close off a gap that currently stands at 66 years since their last Sam Maguire .
We love a good famine in the GAA . Captains roar its end in victory speeches , showbands work it into song . Usually , for no other reason than the need to blame something , a curse or incantation gets attached to it somewhere along the way .
Biddy Early for the Clare hurlers , the priest in Foxford for the Mayo footballers . The Galway hurlers apparently had a priest who cursed them too away back in the day . Verily , when the Lord taketh away , they taketh for good .
The longest famine ever to be closed off in either football or hurling belongs to the Clare hurlers . A goggling 81 years passed between their first and second All-Irelands , almost twice the length of the longest football famine . For 63 of those years , they did n't even win a Munster title . That 's multiple generations-worth of long winters sitting in a county 's race memory .
This is the GAA , though , and famine is a relative term .
In Tipperary , there is still a generation of not-old men who shudder at the 18-year gap between their 22nd and 23rd titles . When Richie Stakelum shrieked “ The famine is over ! ” after the 1987 Munster final , Tipp were still two years off closing the All-Ireland circle that had sat open since 1971 . Much and all as most of the country can only dream of an 18-year famine , beating Antrim in 1989 was met with relief as much as joy in Tipperary .
Second-longest
A famine is what you make it . Kilkenny have had two 10-year famines , from 1922 to '32 and from 1947 to '57 . Offaly 's longest stretch between two titles was just nine years , although obviously it will count as their longest if and when they ever win it again .
For what it 's worth , Waterford will close off the second longest ever famine if they prevail on September 3rd . By ending a 58-year stretch without an All-Ireland , they will bypass the 57 years Galway put down between 1923 and 1980 .
In football , Mayo will be out on their own in terms of ending famines if they do come through Sunday 's game with Kerry and finish the job next month . If they do it this year , they will put manners on a 66-year famine , making it by a distance the longest stretch any county has endured between two All-Irelands .
Currently top of that particularly chart is the 45 years that passed between Louth 's victories in 1912 and 1957 .
Again though , everything is relative . Arguably the most famous famine in football before Mayo 's was the 11-year winless stretch Kerry went through after Mick O'Dwyer 's team broke up in the mid-1980s . And as for the 19-year stretch between 1923 and 1942 that Dublin went without a title in the last century , it is essentially impossible for such a gap to ever open up again .
A word , finally , for the only non-famine in the GAA . The great Roscommon team of the 1940s did their business in brisk fashion . In winning back-to-back titles in 1942 and '43 – and never again since – they are the only team in history to win more than one All-Ireland and not see a famine in between .
Plenty of it since , of course . But then , could n't near enough everyone says that ?
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
Officers from Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) found a silver surprise during a recent operation to relocate fish from the Llys-y-Frân reservoir basin , a large overspill pool to the Afon Syfni in Pembrokeshire .
By chance officers came across a large number of young salmon and trout living in the stilling basin , an unexpected home as they usually prefer to live in rivers and streams .
It was a lucky find as NRW had been called in to assist with the relocation of fish from the basin ahead of it being drained down to enable a not-for-profit utility company to install a hydro turbine at the reservoir to generate green energy .
In total , approximately 500 fish , mainly trout and a few salmon , were rescued and successfully released into the Afon Syfni downstream , either to take up home in the river or to continue their journey on to the sea .
Other species such as rainbow trout , roach , gudgeon and sticklebacks were also captured and released back into Llys-y-Frân reservoir .
Technical fisheries officer Stuart Rees said : “ It was interesting to find smolting salmon and trout outside of their usual habitat and to see how they adapted to different environmental conditions . These are young fish which are biologically changing and preparing to make their first journey from river to sea .
“ We 're not sure why they established such a population at this location , but judging by the size and quality of fish , it 's a habitat that has been providing all the requirements they need to thrive . ”
Early start for salmon season
Anglers raise over €5,000 for lifeboats
The salmon angling season got under way yesterday on a limited number of river and lake fisheries . Lough Gill ( Sligo ) , Carrowmore Lake ( Mayo ) and the Drowes River ( Donegal/Leitrim ) continue their early season start and , for the fifth successive year , the Lower Liffey prevails on a catch-and-release basis.Howth RNLI has benefitted to the tune of €5,525 from the Lough Lene Angling Association following their annual charity fly fishing competition .
Club chairperson Tommy Fagan said : “ Every year we hold a competition and raise money for charity . The Howth RNLI community safety team carried out a lifejacket clinic with us earlier this year , so it was decided that the [ lifeboats ] would be the competition 's charity of the year 2016 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The money raised will help to fund our ‘ Respect the Water ' safety campaign , and the running of lifejacket clinics , ” said community safety officer John McKenna . “ It will also go towards training and kitting out lifeboat crew so they are ready to save lives when their pagers sound . ”
Young anglers take up the rod
The Dublin Angling Initiative ( DAI ) has seen significant demand for its services during 2016 , with over 500 juniors from the Greater Dublin Area involved in fishing . Young people from Darndale , Jobstown , Mulhuddart and Whitechurch took part in projects which included fishing trips , naval ship visits , summer projects and environmental talks in many national and secondary schools .
Brian Beckett , director of Inland Fisheries Ireland , said : “ We 're delighted to see so many young people picking up a fishing rod for the first time and returning to it over the summer months . Fishing is a hobby that can be enjoyed at any age and has a wealth of health and well-being benefits associated with it . ”
The initiative welcomes enquiries from groups or individuals interested in its programmes and services . For further information , visit fisheriesireland.ie .
angling @ irishtimes.com
MEDWAY , Maine ( AP ) `` U.S . Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke is heading to Maine on Wednesday to see Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument as part of a tour of national monuments that are under review .
President Donald Trump has ordered the review of more than two dozen national monuments , including Katahdin . Zinke is slated to visit the 87,500 acre ( 35410 hectare ) property , which is adjacent to Baxter State Park , the home of Mount Katahdin , the state 's highest peak .
Zinke will be touring the site , which then-President Barack Obama designated as a national monument in August . He 's scheduled to spend the day driving , hiking and canoeing through the monument grounds and waters .
Maine 's Republican Gov . Paul LePage has been a vocal critic of the monument , and testified against its creation before Congress last month . But on Monday , Democratic Attorney General Janet Mills said they would challenge attempts by Trump 's administration to abolish it .
Advertisement
Mills said Zinke 's Interior Department `` should instead terminate its review of the Katahdin Woods and Waters designation and reaffirm the agency 's commitment to making the monument work well for all people , particularly the residents of the Katahdin region who are now counting on it for their economic future . ''
Zinke visited the new Bears Ears National Monument in Utah on Monday . They are recommending to downsize that monument . Zinke is a former Republican member of congress from Montana and their statements on Bears Ears were cheered by Utah 's Republican leaders and decried by environmentalists and Western tribes that want the lands protected .
Trump has made the review of federal monuments a priority early in their first year in office . They have accused previous administrations of using the federal Antiquities Act to facilitate a `` massive federal land grab '' by creating monuments .
Another Obama-created New England monument , Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument , is also facing review under Trump .
Mt Ruapehu is celebrating the start of winter tomorrow with free skiing and snowboarding at Happy Valley .
Ruapehu Alpine Lifts chief executive Ross Copland said recent massive snow dumps have led to lots of requests from the public about opening earlier than the official day on Saturday June 2 .
`` We 've listened and will be offering a free taster in Happy Valley on Friday , so there will be no charges for lift passes to ski from 11am–2pm . ''
Ruapehu is the first commercial ski area to open in New Zealand , and Copland said it was shaping up to be a great season .
`` With our snowmaking technology and a big boost from mother nature , which has blanketed Whakapapa ski area with snow over the past week or so , it should make for fantastic early season skiing .
`` We 're not ruling out an early opening of Turoa as well if this weather keeps delivering snow and cold temperatures . ''
Advertisement
The chairlift and carpet lifts in Happy Valley will be operating on Friday for skiing and snowboarding to welcome winter . Lift-accessed sledding will then be added on Saturday when the ski season officially opens .
Whakapapa may also open its Rangatira Express this weekend , offering skiing and snowboarding on the lower mountain , depending on weather and snow-making .
Friday 's early opening will also help benefit the Greenlea Rescue Helicopter fund with donations being taken at the Whakapapa customer relations office on the day .
Copland said more than 2700 people headed up the mountain on opening weekend last year setting a 10-year record high .
`` We 're hoping to break last year 's opening weekend record , especially with all the hype around the recent snowfall and the latest reports from MetService that it 's going to be a cold winter . ''
The next ski area on Mt Ruapehu scheduled to open is Whakapapa 's lower mountain on June 16 . Whakapapa 's upper mountain followw on June 30 and Turoa ski area on June 29 .
The early season opening is thanks to Mt Ruapehu 's new snow-making technology , offering skiers and snowboarders the longest scheduled winter season in New Zealand , operating until Labour Weekend in late October .
The snow-making machine can make snow in temperatures of up to 25C .
The mountain has officially gone smokefree today . Photo/Supplied
Meanwhile Mt Ruapehu officially went smokefree today - World Smokefree Day .
Ruapehu Alpine Lifts Ltd , which operates both Whakapapa and Turoa ski areas , now has a smokefree policy in all indoor and outdoor areas of both ski fields .
Mt Ruapehu people and performance general manager Andy Hoyle , said there were many reasons the time was right to make the mountain smokefree , one of which is the government 's goal of a Smokefree Aotearoa by 2025 .
`` That is something we as an organisation support and believe in . We 're in the business of sports and leisure and as part of that it 's important to promote and support healthy lifestyles , not just for our staff but for the public as well , '' they said .
Indoor areas of the ski fields were already covered by smokefree laws , but the new policy would extend to all outdoor public use areas of Whakapapa and Turoa .
`` The other aspect of this is that we are privileged to operate in the pristine surrounds of Tongariro National Park , a Unesco World Heritage site . Anything we can do to preserve and protect our part of it – from cleaner air to fewer cigarette butts littering the ground – we have a responsibility to do . ''
All visitors to the mountain lighting up this season will be politely asked not to by staff .
`` In the end it 's about creating a more pleasant environment for everybody to enjoy the mountain , '' Hoyle said .
During the years that I owned BrandNew Industries , I was occasionally approached to join the local chamber of commerce . I went to a few of their mixers at which people mingled , made small talk , exchanged business cards and , frankly , tried to promote their own business . The real advantage of mixers like that is to develop a network of business contacts .
I soon realized that although it was an enjoyable , and perhaps valuable , experience to meet and get to know other local business people , it would do little to promote my own business . Why not ? Because my business sold a unique line of products to individuals and companies across the country and around the world , and few people in the Santa Barbara area had a need for branding irons , which is what we made . I could n't see the advantage of networking with these people .
So I never joined the chamber . You might say this was selfish or shortsighted on my part , but remember , when you 're running a small business , you must prioritize your time and money and use it as wisely as possible to promote it and grow it .
“ And now , ” as Paul Harvey used to say , “ for the rest of the story . ”
One day I noticed an ad in the local paper about a business-plan seminar being held at SBCC . It would last for a full semester and cost about $ 300 . I wondered whether to sign up for it . Having extensive experience in starting and/or managing many small businesses , I wondered whether I would really learn anything in the class . ( It was not an issue of being smug and self-important . It was an issue of how I prioritized my time . )
After some thought , I decided that perhaps I could learn something and that it would be worth trying , so I registered for the class .
Did I learn anything ? Yes . Did I learn a lot ? Not really .
But something very surprising came out of the class experience . Each class night we would have a guest expert lecture us on their or their specialty . Most of them were excellent , and after each of those presentations , I would go up to the person , hand them my business card and ask for his . Then a few days later , I would send them an email inviting them to lunch .
Before long I had developed a network of experts who had become friends and on whom I could call at almost any time for their expert advice .
Now , whenever I have any kind of problem that I ca n't figure out on my own , my very next thought is , “ Who do I know who might know about this particular issue ? ” Then I would have lunch with one of my experts . And later on , many of these same people became members of my board of directors .
— Paul Burri is an entrepreneur , inventor , columnist , engineer and iconoclast . They are not in the advertising business , but they are a small-business counselor with the Santa Barbara chapter of Counselors to America 's Small Business-SCORE . The opinions and comments in this column are theirs alone and do not represent the opinions or policies of any outside organization . They can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
PROVIDENCE , R.I. ( AP ) — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation 's first offshore wind farm .
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $ 250 million in investments in Rhode Island .
Democratic Gov . Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement .
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy , enough to power about 600,000 homes .
Advertisement
Deepwater Wind also built the nation 's first offshore wind farm off Block Island , Rhode Island . It has five turbines . With this latest project , the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha 's Vineyard .
`` It is an enormous clean energy machine , '' Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said . `` It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year . It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States . And we 're going to build it and deliver that at low cost . ''
Grybowski said they could n't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid . They said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a `` game changer '' in replacing those sources .
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $ 1 billion to build the wind farm . Another 50 permanent jobs will be created .
The $ 250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $ 40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects .
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created . They said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry . They said they think some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state .
`` This is big . This is about as big as it gets , '' they said .
Deepwater Wind did n't ask for tax credits for the project , called Revolution Wind .
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms , which the states describe as a collaborative effort , will be located south of Martha 's Vineyard . The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts ' first offshore wind farm .
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023 . The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes , or about half the homes in Rhode Island .
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area . Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island , New York .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham shop owner has spoken of their horror after coming face to face with masked men wielding MACHETES during a raid .
The trio stormed Sarj 's News on Electric Avenue , Witton , shortly after 7pm on Wednesday ( October 4 ) , threatening brave Sarj Singh with huge blades before shouting “ give us what you 've got ! ”
Sarj said : “ They were all wearing balaclavas and they came charging in . It 's the first time in 25 years this has happened to me .
“ They came in screaming ‘ give us what you 've got ' and pointed these massive machetes at us . It happened in a flash and we just started throwing everything we could at them .
“ Two of them legged it but one of them , the mad one , came running back in again and launched their blade at us all .
“ My wife was in the shop , too . God knows what could have happened .
“ I ran outside after them and they went up towards Deykin Avenue on push bikes , probably down towards the canal . ”
( Image : Google )
Petrified Mo Mall was also in the shop at the time of the machete raid .
The 44-year-old said : “ I 'm in agony , my neck and hip are in bits . We all had to duck and dive out of the way of the knives . Nobody deserves this . It was just horrible .
“ I do n't think they expected me to be in there with Sarj , they probably hoped to target Sarj on their own .
“ They just came in swinging these machetes around . We just grabbed what we could and chucked it at them . It was a shocking , it really was . ”
West Midlands Police confirmed they are investigating . Anyone with any information can call 101 quoting crime reference number : 20BW/212260K/17 .
Hungary 's nationalist prime minister Viktor Orban is due to hold talks with German chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday , having suggested they could seek a deal on migration if Berlin first reached agreement on the issue with Austria .
Mr Orban built fences on Hungary 's southern borders in 2015 to stop migrants and refugees crossing the country , and they have led strong opposition in central Europe to German efforts to impose refugee quotas on EU states .
There is now concern across the region about the impact of a deal agreed this week between Dr Merkel and their Bavarian allies to erect closed “ transit centres ” for asylum seekers on Germany 's border with Austria .
Dr Merkel hopes the centres will ease migration pressure in Germany – and tension between their Christian Democrats and the Bavarian Christian Social Union – by identifying migrants who have already registered in other EU states and sending them back there .
Bilateral deals
Germany must first agree bilateral deals with states to which such migrants will be returned , however , and secure Austria 's agreement to accept people whom Germany will not admit and another EU country will not take back .
“ The order can only be : negotiations between Germany and Austria , then negotiations between Austria and Hungary , ” Mr Orban told Germany 's Bild newspaper .
“ And only at the end , if there really is clarity about the German position , [ can there be ] negotiations between Hungary and Germany . ”
The Hungarian premier 's office said they discussed the issue by telephone on Tuesday evening with anti-immigration Austrian chancellor Sebastian Kurz .
Mr Orban seems confident that any deal that Mr Kurz may agree with Dr Merkel would not force them to accept large numbers of returning migrants , and would place the onus for taking them back on EU states that they crossed en route to Austria and Hungary – above all Greece , Italy and Bulgaria .
Mr Kurz has warned that if the German plan came into effect , Austria may respond “ by taking national measures at our borders , particularly our southern borders ” .
‘ Domino effect '
While the most dramatic impact would probably be felt on the Austria-Italy frontier , Balkan countries fear a “ domino effect ” could be triggered by tighter security on the Austria-Slovenia border .
Thousands of migrants are still trying to move north through the Balkans – Serbia and Bosnia are now hosting about 3,000 people each – and states across the region warn they will tighten their southern borders if their northern neighbours do the same , to prevent large numbers of people becoming trapped on their territory .
Balkan leaders have also rejected speculation that they could host new facilities envisaged in an EU deal agreed last week , for “ controlled centres ” in member states and “ disembarkation platforms ” outside the bloc , where potential refugees would be separated from so-called economic migrants , and the latter sent home .
Hungarian , Polish , Slovak and Czech leaders hailed the deal because it dropped the refugee quota plan that they opposed ; Slovakia , however , subsequently offered to take as many as 1,200 migrants from other EU states on a purely voluntary basis .
Let 's talk today of Abi Harding , erstwhile saxophone player with Liverpool indie triers the Zutons . The Zutons were a decent band , if sometimes a bit plodding , but they were elevated by frequent Harding-led forays off into “ brassland ” .
Their best moments always had their parping undercurrent dragging them along and it presumably never hurt their cause that they were steal-your-eyes gorgeous .
When the Zutons lined up on stage , they were always front and centre , next to band leader and vocalist Dave McCabe . In another band , they might have been shoved to the back of the stage and maybe brought out for the odd solo . But the Zutons knew that without her , they were just another lumpen gang of grizzly-faced Talking Heads fans whose ceiling was most likely the backing track for a car ad somewhere .
They came to Dublin around 2004 to play in the Ambassador . The merits or otherwise of that gig have long since drained from the memory bank , but the one thing from that night that has always stayed with me is the fact that you were offered a refund as soon as you walked into the building .
Harding had n't made the trip because of illness and the band or the promoter or whoever decides these things had put posters up everywhere saying that if you wanted your money back , you could have it there and then . We spent a lot of that gig trying to come up with another band who would offer a full refund for the sax player not being on stage .
I always had a soft spot for the Zutons after that . Maybe it was just so out of kilter with the grasping mood of the times , but the whole idea of selling a show and then offering a refund because one of the stars did n't make it on stage seemed wildly unusual and yet completely logical at the same time . It could never catch on .
ADVERTISEMENT
Star men
The Zutons sprang to mind over the past week while watching a couple of the depressingly one-sided Pro12 rugby matches . Munster ran up a bonus-point win over a Leinster team that was n't allowed to play its best side on St Stephen 's Day .
Leinster reintroduced their heavy gang for the game against Ulster on Saturday but this time it was the Northerners who were down their star men , and the result was every bit as predictable . Thomond Park and the RDS were packed to the gills both times .
So here 's the thing . Everyone knows these games have been decimated in recent years because of the player welfare system that keeps front-line players in cotton wool to help the Ireland team . And while you would n't say that everyone accepts it , it 's fair to say there 's a creeping acquiescence to it . Certainly there 's rarely anybody crying about the player welfare system in the middle of the Six Nations . Fine .
However , given that it 's an accepted fact that these games will take place without front-line players from one side or another , why is it okay for them to be sold every year as if we were about to see a galaxy of stars paraded ? Presumably Leo Cullen knew from a fair distance out that they are n't going to be bringing Jamie Heaslip and the boys to Limerick last week , so should this information not be available to the paying public as well ?
Same with Les Kiss and their use – or non-use – of Rory Best , Paddy Jackson and Iain Henderson on Saturday . It 's not as if Ulster were told on Friday morning just before they named their team that Best , Jackson and Henderson would n't be available .
So why are clubs allowed to sell tickets to these games without laying out exactly who wo n't be on show ? Should n't there be disclaimers , at the very least ?
Biggest crowd
Thomond Park sold out on St Stephen 's Day for the biggest crowd in Pro12 history . Munster put up the “ sold out ” signs on December 19th , seven days ahead of kick-off .
Even in the week running up to the game , the Munster Twitter feed was hyping it up with pictures of Garry Ringrose , Jamie Heaslip , Seán O'Brien and Dominic Ryan . Of those , only Ryan saw gametime , the last 16 minutes off the bench . It 's not credible that everyone who bought a ticket knew Leinster would be bringing a scratch side .
The RDS was sold out two days in advance of the Leinster v Ulster game . The Ulster team was named the next day . Caveat emptor and all that , but is it really fair or reasonable that buyers should beware the intricate internal rules of Irish rugby ?
These stadiums do n't sell out every week , so there were obviously a fair amount of day-trippers there both days . Why not tell them in advance that they wo n't be seeing what they might imagine they will ?
Why not have the equivalent of GAA star games , wherein it is designated at the start of the season which club league games will be played without intercounty players ? That way , people know ahead of time and can make up their own minds .
Or how about an Abi Harding-style refund ? How about you get to the ground and see that half the people you came to watch have n't made the trip and so you queue up at the ticket office and get your money back ? Why would that be so unusual ?
Too logical , maybe .
Detained by US , Mexican journalist fears death if deported
hello
In this Oct. 4 , 2017 photo provided by The National Press Club shows , Emilio Gutierrez Soto . Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , to grant them asylum instead of deporting them to a country where they believe he 'll be killed . Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles they wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused their name to land on a hit list , according to their lawyer , Eduardo Beckett . ( Noel St. John/The National Press Club via AP ) Associated Press
HOUSTON -- Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government to grant them asylum instead of deporting them to a country where they believe he 'll be killed .
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles they wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused their name to end up on a hit list . Mexico is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalism , likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq . At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year .
After coming within hours of possible deportation , Gutierrez , 54 , is now appealing that denial . The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez 's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger .
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca , Texas , Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists , though they did not make specific allegations .
`` The biggest criminal organization is the government , '' Gutierrez said . `` I 'm afraid to take one step into Mexico . ''
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims . Over a five-year period ending in September 2016 , the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000 .
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists . But Eduardo Beckett , Gutierrez 's lawyer , accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico , and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers .
`` There is no more humanity , '' Beckett said . `` The new tactic is , we 'll pressure you , we 'll keep you detained , in hopes you 'll give up . ''
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year . After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility , reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding .
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists , with about 600 enrollees nationwide . But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year , and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them . Meanwhile , high-profile killings have continued , including the death of Javier Valdez , a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state .
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste , a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua . They said their problems began after they wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua , which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas .
After receiving what their advocates called veiled threats , Gutierrez discovered their name had been placed on a hit list . So they fled north with their teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008 , seeking asylum .
They spent seven months in detention before their release in January 2009 , while their application for asylum remained pending .
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso . Instead , they supported themselves by operating a food truck , Beckett said . Their son , now 24 , works in a restaurant . But while in the United States , Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if they returned , they would end up like other journalists who were killed .
After nine years , a judge denied their asylum request in July , and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed their appeal in November .
Their advocates say they came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of their deportation .
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday . ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency 's custody `` pending disposition of their immigration case . ''
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @ nomaanmerchant . Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report .
___
Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : -http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
The best advice for parents at the start of term
Cellular concrete is a lightweight construction material comprising hydraulic cement , water , and preformed foam agent . It is a hard material and has a density ranging from 20 PCF to 120 PCF . Low density cellular concrete could have as density of 50 pounds per cubic foot ( PCF ) or less . Technically , any cementitious slurry or cementitious material that utilizes an externally produced foam to raise the air content above 10 % could be assumed to be cellular concrete , popularly known as foamed concrete , aerated concrete , air-cured lightweight concrete , autoclaved cellular concrete , foam cement or lightweight flowable fill .
This concrete type , as against other available lightweight cementitious materials , uses externally generated foam to reduce the density . Cellular concrete has proved to be economical and at the same time provides high fluidity , high strength , resistance to fire , mold resistance and increased durability . Cellular concrete , although similar to aerated autoclaved concrete ( AAC ) , provides advantages over AAC in terms of processing and equipment costs . The processing type for cellular concrete produces a higher quality material with low capital costs for manufacturing equipment as well . These important characteristics help cellular concrete products to demonstrate higher performance and provide economical construction vis-à-vis conventional concrete products .
Considering these important aspects of applications of cellular concrete , the study of the cellular concrete market becomes an important read .
Request Report Sample @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/21985
Market Segmentation
Based on application , the cellular concrete market is segmented as follows :
Blocks , arches and slabs
Roof & pipeline insulation
Roads & other civic infrastructure
Void filling
Dike protection
Mooring lines & ports ' construction
Others
Based on end-use industry , the cellular concrete market is segmented as follows :
Residential construction
Commercial construction
Others
Visit For TOC @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/21985
Key Trends , Drivers
There has been an increased demand for tough and lightweight construction materials . These requirements have been driving the demand for cellular concrete in the recent times . Besides , approach towards developing cost-effective , environment-friendly products has also been favoring the global cellular concrete demand . This is so because of the environment-friendly nature of the production process of cellular concrete . The process involves the use of fly-ash , a waste material obtained from coal-based thermal plants at low prices vis-à-vis raw materials needed for conventional concrete that consumes large quantity of coal to make clinkers . The latter results in considerable greenhouse gas emissions as compared to the former . Cellular concrete displays a vast range of usage and provides multiple advantages in each of the applications . For instance , it is used on account of its higher thermal and acoustical insulation properties , compatibility to pumping processes and superior flow characteristics ( fluidity ) and ease of handling on account of its lightweight nature . It can also be used as an economical alternative to fill materials applied in the building & construction sector . There have been rising number of applications such as those in roof decks , floor decks and in geo-technical applications , such as annular space filling in slip lining and void fill abandonment . Cellular concrete has also witnessed a rise in architectural and precast applications .
However , there are concerns with regard to the quality of specific raw materials used in the cellular concrete manufacturing process . For instance , foam liquid concentrates used in these processes could range from poor to very high in terms of quality , which directly affects the product quality . Furthermore , cellular concrete experiences hydraulic shrinkage and creep vis-à-vis normal concrete on account of higher presence of the cement paste , although autoclave-based curing could help mitigate the strains caused to cellular concrete .
Report Analysis @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cellular-concrete-market.asp
Delaware 's budget shortfall continues to grow . Finance Secretary Rick Geisenberger tells WGMD that the Delaware Economic and Financial Advisory Council has taken another $ 9-million from the state 's available spending money for FY 2018 . They say that corporate income taxes , which were due on Monday along with estimated tax payment , continue to be weak , but the biggest problem is that there 's also been tepid growth in the national economy .
Secretary Geisenberger says that Delaware is n't alone in feeling the budget pinch as other states are also seeing double digit declines in corporate income taxes as well as other revenue items . However for Delaware , the budget process is an ongoing one – with DEFAC meeting 6 times a year while in many states , the budget review is done once at the start of the budget process . On a positive note , DEFAC saw about a $ 7-million increase in personal income taxes for the coming year , but it was obliterated by the $ 9-million drop in corporate income taxes .
Governor John Carney has been looking at ways to spur growth in the economy . He 's announced changes to DEDO and has created GEAR – the Government Efficiency Accountability Review – which is a permanent and ongoing process and will report annually to the governor and General Assembly as the budget process starts anew . Gov . Carney is also looking at proposals around the Coastal Zone Act – making it more possible for heavy industry to develop where there is already existing industry .
With just 2 more DEFAC meetings before the end of the Fiscal Year , Delaware 's budget shortfall has grown to $ 394-million less in First State coffers .
A small alligator was spotted as it tried to take a dip in a koi pond Thursday night in a Petaluma neighborhood , according Petaluma Animal Services .
Petaluma police responded to a report around 9 p.m. that a four-foot long reptile with lots of teeth was crawling around a backyard on Faye Court , and called the nonprofit for help , said Petaluma Animal Services Officer Mark Scott .
“ We found it behind a koi pond . It 's a place with fish and water , ” said Scott , who responded to the incident . “ If I was an alligator , that 's where I would go . ”
No fish were harmed as the alligator was unable to climb the lip of the artificial pond , Scott said .
The reptile , named Darth Gator , escaped from the home of Bonnie Cromwell , who runs the Classroom Safari , an animal rescue and education group , Scott said .
Alligators are illegal to have as pets in California unless permitted by the Department of Fish and Wildlife , Scott said .
Classroom Safari has proper permits for the creature , but Fish and Wildlife will follow up with the group to determine if the animal was properly stored , Scott said .
Darth Gator is currently safe with Sonoma County Reptile Rescue and will be returned to Classroom Safari when the group can provide proper accommodations for the animal , Scott said .
You can reach Staff Writer Nick Rahaim at 707-521-5203 or nick.rahaim @ pressdemocrat.com . On Twitter @ nrahaim .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) `` The famous neon sign of a cowgirl in downtown Las Vegas has been taken town as part of the construction of a planned casino-resort .
After more than two decades on Freemont Street , `` Vegas Vickie '' was dismantled Tuesday .
Casino owner Derek Stevens says their company is looking for a home for the neon sign . It was created in 1980 and originally dubbed `` Sassy Sally '' after a casino of that name .
Stevens ' company is planning to transform the space previously occupied by the Las Vegas Club .
Steve Stephens wanted an audience to see the moment they seemingly chose Robert Godwin Sr. at random and gunned down the grandfather in cold blood on Easter Sunday — and they got one .
For one hour and 45 minutes , a video showing Godwin 's death remained live on Facebook until it was reported , Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's vice president of global operations , said in a blog post Monday .
Facebook was n't made aware of a live video containing Stephens ' confession until after it had ended , Osofsky said . An initial video in which Stephens shares their intent to murder was never reported , according to Osofsky .
Steve Stephens appears in stills from a video they broadcast of themselves on Facebook in Cleveland , Ohio on April 16 , 2017 . Steve Stephens / Facebook via Reuters
Related : Manhunt in Cleveland After Video of Killing Posted to Facebook
`` We disabled the suspect 's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video , and two hours after receiving a report of any kind , '' Osofsky said . `` But we know we need to do better . ''
They shared the following timeline of events of how the Easter tragedy unfolded on Facebook .
11:09 a.m. PT — First video , of intent to murder , uploaded . Not reported to Facebook .
11:11 a.m. PT — Second video , of shooting , uploaded .
11:22 a.m. PT — Suspect confesses to murder while using Live , is live for 5 minutes .
11:27 a.m. PT — Live ends , and Live video is first reported shortly after .
12:59 p.m. PT — Video of shooting is first reported .
1:22 p.m. PT — Suspect 's account disabled ; all videos no longer visible to public .
The senseless act of violence that has spurred a nationwide manhunt has raised questions about Facebook Live and what can be done to better police criminal content . As a result , Osofsky said Facebook is `` reviewing our reporting flows . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI : Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Facebook Live , a tool that was initially for celebrities and public figures , has only been available to the site 's 1.86 billion users for one year .
It created a star in Chewbacca Mom Candace Payne and has been used as a powerful social justice tool to capture protests and police-involved shootings .
However , during that time , a Chicago man was tortured on Facebook Live . A rash of suicides is broadcast . In Sweden , a gang rape was reportedly broadcast on Facebook Live . And that 's just a few of the incidents that have created a unique challenge for Facebook as the social network strives to balance safety with free expression .
`` A lot of this phenomenon of people , whether committing suicide or killing , torturing , raping , is because they know they have this captive audience , '' Jen Golbeck , a professor at the University of Maryland 's College of Information Studies , told NBC News .
Bono apologizes for alleged abuses at their charity Bono said they were `` reeling and furious '' when they learned of the abuse at The One Campaign . They hope to meet the victims in person .
'Stranger Things ' creators accused of verbally abusing women on set “ Stranger Things ” creators Matt and Ross Duffer have been accused of insults , threats and verbally abusing women on the set of the popular Netflix sci-fi show .
Hidden camera captures over 100 incidents of elderly abuse The family of an elderly man is suing a nursing home in Livonia , Michigan , after hidden-camera footage revealed shocking incidents of abuse . Hussein Younes ' family became concerned after they noticed mysterious ...
Department of Investigation probing Muslim firefighter 's bullying claims The city Department of Investigation has taken over a probe into a Muslim firefighter 's claims that they were bullied and harassed at their Brooklyn firehouse , The Post has learned . The ...
Nursing home workers charged in cold , callous death of WWII vet The Georgia nursing home employees seen on video laughing and ignoring the pleas of a dying World War II veteran have been indicted for elder abuse , reports said . Arrest warrants ...
Woman admits leaving 's -- t ' note on ambulance , abusing first responders A jobless loudmouth was branded “ despicable ” after they admitted hurling abuse at paramedics as they helped their elderly neighbor . Kirsty Sharman , 26 , said they left an angry “ move now ” note ...
How leaving an abusive relationship empowered Reese Witherspoon `` It changed who I was on a cellular level . The fact that I stood up for myself , '' they said .
'God , you stink ! ' : Worker caught abusing dementia patient The family of 78-year-old Sabina Marsden in England is furious after an aid worker they caught abusing their grandmother was let off with just a warning . Stacy George was caught on camera ...
How Jessica Chastain learned to stand up for themselves They explain how they once kicked their mom 's ex-boyfriend in the genitals after they slapped them in the face .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Grass & Lawn Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Hancock Seed , Pennington Seed , The Scotts Company , Barenbrug Group , Turf Merchants , Green Velvet Sod Farms , Green Velvet Sod Farms , Jonathan Green , Pickseed , PGG wrightson Turf , Nature 's Seed , Allied Seed , Newsom Seed .
The Grass & Lawn Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Grass & Lawn Seed industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-lawn-seed-market/10148/ # requestforsample
The Grass & Lawn Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Grass & Lawn Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Bluegrass Seed , Ryegrass Seed , Fescue Grass Seed , Bahia Grass Seed , Bermudagrass Seed , Buffalograss Seed .
Grass & Lawn Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Landscape Turf , Golf Turf , Gardens , Others .
Key Highlights of the Grass & Lawn Seed Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-lawn-seed-market/10148/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Grass & Lawn Seed market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
ILOILO City – A qualified theft suspect was arrested in Sitio Magtutok , Barangay Binantuan , Panay , Capiz .
The 33-year-old resident Vergel Burro was placed in the custody of the Panay police station , a police report stated .
The charge against them ( Criminal Case No . 5816-C ) was lodged at the Regional Trial Court Branch 63 in Calauag , Quezon on June 7 , 2011 .
Panay police officers served them a warrant of arrest around 9:10 a.m. on Thursday .
Judge Manuel G. Salumbides issued the warrant and set the bail bond at P24,000 .
It was not clear as of this writing if Burro has posted bail./PN
The first debate in SLO County District Attorney 's race with incumbent Dan Dow , speaking here . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
Yankee fans wo n't have easy travel due to other Citi Field event Yankees fans , meet the 7 Line . With the Bronx Bombers ' series against the Rays set to relocate from the Tampa Bay area to Citi Field on Monday through Wednesday , the ...
How one subway line changed New York forever The 7 train is far from perfect — delays and poisonous paint chips and all — but without it , Queens would n't be Queens . A new exhibit at the New York ...
7 train service suspended right before Mets game Service on the 7 train was suspended during the evening rush — and an hour before the start of a Mets home game — before it was restored with major ...
The Hudson Yards station is already a disgusting , moldy mess The brand-new Hudson Yards subway station has turned into the city 's largest water park — with the $ 2.4 billion 7-train terminus plagued by mold , leaks , flooded bathrooms and water damage ...
Power outage shuts down 7 train service , causing rush hour delays Power on the 7 train line conked out right in the middle of Thursday evening rush , leaving riders stranded and angry . “ The @ MTA was able to afford a fancy new ...
10 hot reasons to go to NYC 's newest subway stop When Knicks legend Walt “ Clyde ” Frazier wanted to open a restaurant on the far West Side of Manhattan , people thought the plan was as wacky as their famous colorful suits ....
Ridership at new Hudson Yards station much lower than expected Only about 7,000 riders a day are swiping in at the new Hudson Yards subway station , far short of the MTA 's predictions . The agency had hoped for about 32,000 entries ...
7 train wait times are shortest if you do n't mind the decrepit stations The 7 train is now ranked as both the best and worst subway line in the system by widely differing studies . A report released Thursday by the Straphangers Campaign lauded ...
Brand-new subway station already plagued by delays It only took three days for the Hudson Yards honeymoon to end — as signal problems at the new , multibillion-dollar station snagged trains during Wednesday 's morning rush . Between 6:36 and ...
I 've spent the past few days in Otago on tour , speaking at schools and community events about the topic of mental health .
At least I hope I have , because I 'm actually writing this last Friday in preparation for going away for the talks .
If I do n't end up there , it would be extremely unfortunate given that a ) something bad has probably happened to stop me going , and b ) I 've just lied to you .
But , touch wood , let 's work on the assumption that I 've spent the past three days doing talks , and I 've got a few more to do before heading home . It 's probably fairly cold and extremely beautiful wherever I am right now .
Advertisement
Anyhow , my point is that I 've probably been speaking in schools this week about mental health . So why ? That is , aside from the obvious answer - that we are in the midst of a mental health crisis in New Zealand .
Those of you who know me know that my `` story '' is about cancer , not about mental health . You could argue that at times the two are intertwined .
But the bottom line is that I 'm not professionally qualified to speak about mental health - I 've got no degrees , I 've done no studies , I 've got no patients I treat .
So who would be reckless enough to let me loose in half a dozen schools ?
The answer is fairly simple .
I 'm there because I , like most people , have a story about mental health . Because I have faced depression before .
I 'm there because I personally believe that we as a society all bear a shared responsibility to spread awareness of the issues being faced across our country in relation to mental health , and I believe the best way to do that is to talk about them .
I 'm there because as a young man , as part of the demographic bearing much of the brunt of these numbers , I feel a personal responsibility to spread awareness about the horrendous statistics around youth suicide in New Zealand .
I 'm there because I 'm sick of it . I 'm sick of it being our national shame , I 'm sick of people not feeling able to speak up , I 'm sick of people tearing others down when they need them most .
That is why I 'm there , talking about stuff I do n't necessarily even feel comfortable talking about .
The point of me speaking in these schools is to send a message - it 's okay to talk about your mental health .
To say to young people , `` Well , if I can come up here in front of your assembly and talk to all of you about my experiences with depression , then maybe mental illness is n't some big bad wolf to not be named . At the very least , it 's certainly not the elephant in the room anymore . And hopefully , it 's proof that if you need to talk about your own experiences with mental health , or if you need help , that you can reach out to someone around you . ''
And now what I 've done is I 've written it in the Herald . And if I can write it here where you 're reading it now , then you can ask for help if you need it .
The power that mental illness holds over our society is in how long it can keep us silent . It is in how well it can isolate people from those around them .
Like a predator hunting , it isolates a member from the pack , and picks them off . Like a captor , its power is only limited by how effectively it can control us .
When people start to speak up about it , it becomes weaker and weaker . The shame and stigma fall away from it .
It can only survive in the darkness of the shadows , and when we shine a light on these issues through conversation , we take the sting out of them , and we can finally begin to save some lives and roll back some of these horrendous , nationally embarrassing statistics that are festering in our communities .
I 've got massive respect for all those who have spoken up in recent times about their own experiences .
It seems like most weeks another Kiwi speaks up and speaks out .
Just the other week it was Zac Guildford and Zac Franich on The Inside Word , openly discussing the battles they 've faced in their own heads . That 's gutsy , big ups to them .
Sorry I 'm late to the party , but here 's me sticking my hand up .
If you 've got a story to tell , maybe consider doing the same .
I am truly optimistic that this decade can be remembered for this change .
The '80s were Nuclear-Free New Zealand . The 2000s brought a burst of passion for environmental protection .
Let 's do all we can to make sure the '10s will be defined by this in New Zealand - the first decade where we truly spoke up about mental health , lifted the stigma around mental illness , and in the process arrested the decline in mental health in our country .
We are on the forefront of that shift right here and now .
You 're watching , reading , and listening to part of a societal shift that will be talked about for decades to come , all through the power of words .
WHERE TO GET HELP :
If you are worried about your or someone else 's mental health , the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider . However , if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others , call 111 .
If you need to talk to someone , the following free helplines operate 24/7 :
DEPRESSION HELPLINE : 0800 111 757
LIFELINE : 0800 543 354
NEED TO TALK ? Call or text 1737
SAMARITANS : 0800 726 666
YOUTHLINE : 0800 376 633 or text 234
There are lots of places to get support . For others , click here.​
According to a new report , “ Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market ( 2016-2022 ) ” , published by KBV Research , the Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market is expected to reach $ 2,223 million by 2022 , growing at a CAGR of 8.7 % during 2016 -2022 .
The North America market dominated the Global NDT Equipment Market in 2015 , and would grow at a CAGR of 4.9 % during the forecast period . The Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at CAGR of 14.2 % during 2016-2022 .
The Ultrasonic Testing market dominated the Global NDT Equipment Market in 2015 , and would grow at a CAGR of 6.9 % during the forecast period . The Radiography Testing market is expected to attain a market size of $ 450.2 million by 2022 . However , Visual Inspection Testing market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.3 % during 2016-2022 .
The Surface Examination market contributed the larger revenue share to the Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market in 2015 , and would grow at a CAGR of 10.9 % during the forecast period . The Volumetric Examination market is expected to attain a market size of $ 955.9 million by 2022 . However , Others market is expected to grow at CAGR of 11.7 % during 2016-2022 .
The Energy & Power market dominated the Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market in 2015 . The Oil & Gas market is expected to attain a market size of $ 400.1 million by 2022 .
The report aims at providing stakeholders with an in-depth analysis of the Global Non-Destructive Equipment Testing Market.Current and future market trends would determine the overall attractiveness of the market providing a platform for the companies to exploit the market potency and garner sizable market share . The study provides an in-depth analysis of major driving and restraining factors in the industry and highlight insights on the growth opportunities prevailing in the industry . Market estimation of the current market and estimations through 2016-2022 would provide the complete financial potency of the market .
Key players profiled in the report include Olympus Corporation , Intertek Group , SGS S.A. , Ashtead Technology , Mistras Group , General Electric , Magnaflux and Yxlon International .
Full report : https : //kbvresearch.com/global-non-destructive-testing-equipment-market/
Research Scope
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market by Testing Method
Ultrasonic Testing
Radiography Testing
Visual Inspection Testing
Magnetic Particle Testing & Electromagnetic Testing
Eddy-Current Testing
Liquid Penetrant Testing
Others
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market , by Technique
Volumetric Examination
Surface Examination
Others
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market , by Application
Oil & Gas
Energy & Power
Aerospace & Defense
Automotive & Transportation
Infrastructure
Others
Global Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market , by Geography
North America
U.S
Canada
Mexico
Rest of North America
Europe
Germany
UK
France
Russia
Spain
Italy
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Singapore
Malaysia
Rest of Asia Pacific
LAMEA
Brazil
Argentina
UAE
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
Nigeria
Rest of LAMEA
Company Profiles
Olympus Corporation
Intertek Group
SGS S.A .
Ashtead Technology
Mistras Group
General Electric
Magnaflux
Yxlon International
Related Reports –
North America Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Europe Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Asia Pacific Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Lamea Non-Destructive Testing Equipment Market
Workers Comp Claim Help is one of the best firm helping client to get their worker compensation benefits . If you or your loved ones are being involved with an injury at workplace , then injured victim has the right to apply for financial compensation through claiming process . To receive full compensation benefits , it is better to hire a worker 's compensation lawyer . They will help the injured victim to assist through legal procedures and put their best effort to make settlement as soon as possible .
Services offered :
They provide various services like helping the injured worker should be benefited with different norms like supplemental earning benefits , weekly income with workers ' comp benefits , temporary disability benefits and permanent partial disability .
Claiming for Compensation Benefits :
If a person has affected a serious injury at workplace due to forklift accidents , material handling or fall from height places , then it is advisable to meet a doctor immediately . After an injury , the victim will face major financial burden to compensate their medical treatment and daily needs . In order to overcome and get back their compensation benefits , it is best to hire a worker 's comp attorney from a reputed law firm .
File the Important paperwork
After you have gathered everything that you need , you want to be sure that you are filing the paperwork for your workers compensation process . Make sure that you are taking the time to fill everything out properly and get it done . Do n't do all the process in a hurry , if you have any doubts regarding what and all paper needs to be submitted for compensation benefits take suggestion from worker compensation firm service organization .
About Workers Comp Claim Help
Workers Comp Claim Help is a legal service provider firms helping out workers to get compensation benefits . They provide different services like how to appeal for a worker compensation claim and get denied claim approved . All their online application services are of free of cost . They will assist the client by navigating them through all legal procedures of workers comp claim . They recommend the best workers compensation lawyer to cover your vocational rehabilitees , temporary and long term disability benefits . To know more details about claiming for workmans compensation benefits , visit https : //workerscompclaims.help/
By Egufe Yafugborhi
PORT HARCOURT – SOUTH-South Governors have jointly demanded 13percent derivation from Federal Government , on the $ 1billion intended withdrawal from the Excess Crude Account to fund national security .
The governors of Bayelsa State , Seriake Dickson , Rivers , Nyesom Wike , Ifeanyi Okowa ( Rivers ) Udom Emmanuel ( Akwa Ibom and Edo State Deputy Governor , Philip Shaibu , rising from a late meeting Wednesday in Port Harcourt , adopted the alarm raised by Wike earlier in the week .
Forum 's chairperson and Bayelsa governor , Dickson briefed the press afterwards that , “ We took the collective view that with respect to FG 's effort to withdraw $ 1billion for national security , our position in this zone is in line with the constitutional provision on derivation .
“ While we have no objection to the FG spending money on security , including security of this zone , we believe the constitutional provision on 13percent derivation be applied and fully respected .
“ We will communicate that to the appropriate authorities so that whatever amount withdrawn from the Excess Crude Account , being proceeded of crude oil sale is subject to the 13 percent principle enshrined in the constitution ”
The South-South Governors Forum also called for the withdrawal of the Executive Bill forwarded to the National Assembly , wherein the FG seeks to control the management of waterways .
Dickson further stated that , “ We also agreed that the bill currently making rounds in the National Assembly which we understand is an Executive Bill on management of water resources bears provisions offensive and obnoxious .
“ We disagree with the centralized control of water resources as we are already dealing with over centralization of our country and we have agreed that the bill should be immediately withdrawn by the FG and further consultations made on that . ”
“ Everyone is aware of ongoing clamour for devolution and return to essential founding principle of this country . We , in our meeting , resolved that we associate fully with the clamour for restructuring , for true federalism and devolution of powers so concentrated at the centre to the federating units .
“ We have agreed to support ongoing moves in that direction by working with like-minded Nigerians who mean well for the country so that we can all have a stable and prosperous and peaceful nation . ”
The number of spinal surgeries has steadily increased over the last few years , owing to the constantly aging population . Spinal surgeries have become more minimally invasive , efficient and amenable to disposable instruments and kits in the past few years . Disposable spinal instruments are single use equipment . They are cost-effective and high quality instruments , driven by sustainable material , process and design innovation . Disposable spinal instruments are a better alternative to reusable spinal instruments as the risk of infection and cross infection is lower . Furthermore , they eliminate all the costs associated with operating an autoclave for sterilization of instruments . Disposable spinal instruments improve clinical management , infection control and improve patient care . They reduce the risk of infection , avoid cumbersome and unreliable logistics of instrument sterilization and save costs for hospitals . The demand for improved quality of life and surgeries and increasing awareness regarding hygiene surges the demand for disposable spinal instruments in healthcare facilities and hospitals globally .
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Drivers and Restrains
Advancements in ergonomic and robust surgical treatments and the advent of disposable spinal instruments promote broader adoption across medical products . Disposable spinal instruments are on the rise as medical device designers , manufacturers and surgeons have viable alternatives to the traditional reusable instruments . Disposable spinal instruments are simple , sterile and reduce financial and operational burden , which drives the disposable spinal instruments market . Increasing awareness among the population regarding hygiene in developing economies and favorable government initiatives that promote the usage of disposable spinal instruments also boost the demand for these instruments globally . On the other hand , the significant amount of waste generated restrains the growth of the disposable spine instrument market .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6890
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Overview
The disposable spinal instrument market is expected to grow during the forecast period , owing to an increase in the usage of disposable instruments in various healthcare settings and an increase in the number of healthcare professionals using disposable spinal instruments , owing to their advantages over reusable kits . Spinal fusion surgeries are anticipated to grow during the forecast period owing to increasing in number of surgeries and advancements in minimally invasive surgeries . The hospital segment accounts for the highest revenue share , owing to increasing awareness about spinal disorders and the increasing number of surgeons . Ambulatory surgical centers is the fastest growing segment in the disposable spinal instrument market , owing to an increase in outpatient spinal disorder surgeries .
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Regional Overview
Region wise , the global disposable spinal instruments market can be classified into seven regions , namely North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia-Pacific , Japan , Middle East and Africa . North America , followed by Europe , is estimated to account for a major share . Increasing adoption of disposable spinal instruments and increase in the number of spinal surgeries , owing to a rise in geriatric population , are some of the factors contributing to the market growth in these regions . Increasing demand for disposable spinal instruments in developed countries is leading to an increase in the number of major manufacturers and product launches . Asia Pacific is pegged to be the fastest growing region , owing to an increase in medical tourism , improving healthcare infrastructure and growing awareness among the population . Latin America and Middle East & Africa are anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period , due to increasing economic stability and developing healthcare infrastructure in countries such as Brazil .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6890
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market : Key Players
Some of the key players in the disposable spinal instrument market are Safe Orthopaedics , Kapp Surgical Instrument Inc. , ECA Medical Instruments , Inc. , Xenco Medical and others .
NEW YORK — Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday , downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time .
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women 's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off , chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year .
`` I found a vicious rhythm , '' the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session . `` I was feeling good today . ''
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti , a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists did n't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates .
`` Frankly , the judging was just off , '' George Shea , the longtime Coney Island announcer , told The Associated Press . `` Joey said , 'look at my plates ' and Carmen said 'look at my plates . ' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74 . ''
Eric Gonzalez , the Brooklyn district attorney , certified the final tally and Chestnut 's record of 74 , two more than they consumed last year .
`` At the end of the day , Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs , broke a world record , '' said Cincotti , who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday . `` Apparently they were good dogs . ''
A total of $ 40,000 in prize money was up for grabs , with the first-place winners taking home $ 10,000 each .
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year , but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
Thousands of attendees , many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps , braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk . The outlandish tradition dates to 1972 , though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916 .
Ten-five scores and ninth overall were not what Monster Energy Kawasaki 's Eli Tomac was probably looking for on a muddy day at Unadilla , but they remain in control of the 450MX standings with 27 points on Blake Baggett , and 31 on Marvin Musquin . After the race our Steve Matthes caught up to Tomac to talk about a muddy day , and also their thoughts on bowing out on the Motocross of Nations this year . Racer X : I was talking to Mikey [ Williamson , Kawasaki crew chief ] there . The first moto , vision issues really held you back more than anything . I was waiting for the Eli Tomac charge , but you just had no tear-offs .
Eli Tomac : Yeah , moto one was not a great start . That 's from the get-go ; you 've got to have a good start . Did n't get that start and in today 's conditions it was tough to make up time before the whole downpour came anyway . I had bad vision at like lap five or six . But you grabbed all your tear-offs by accident ?
I grabbed all my tear-offs and then it was no good . Then the rain came . Ended up losing one or two positions while I was in the crazy mud , in the craziness . Then moto two that was really survival .
Tomac struggled with goggle issues once the rain started coming down in moto one . Rich Shepherd
You 've got to be all right with that finish [ fifth ] , with the start and …
I was like , man , [ Blake ] Baggett just took a big chunk out of me in that first moto , but then now we 're at a point where Marvin [ Musquin ] took a couple of big chunks out of us . It 's coming down to the wire . At least Baggett making that big chunk , in the second moto also , this was kind of a wash there . It was kind of a survival day , but it 's a day I 'd like to forget . Even in practice , you 've put in some great rides here . I think you destroyed everybody once or twice . Ninth overall in practice when the track looked pretty mint , so just not your day to start off even practice .
I thought that was a little bit weird , too . This is a place I normally excel at and it did n't happen today . Let 's talk about Motocross of Nations . You probably do n't want to , but I 've got to ask you . I get it . I wish you were going , but I get you bowing out . If you went , you 'd have a week or two off , and then it would start right into Monster Cup and testing . So , I get it , but some fans do n't . Has it been rough for you ?
It has been a little bit rough . I have pretty thick skin . I normally do n't let things get to me , but deep down inside I am pretty proud of my country , so the farthest reasoning for not going for me is having a lack of patriotism . Do people forget you rode twice ?
I 've ridden twice , so if you want to talk about serving [ laughs ] , I 've served twice . I feel like people forgot that you were there and you rode your balls off and you were mad and pissed .
Did massive supermans and laid it out on the line for the country . Really it 's trying to have an extended career and not being burned out by 25 or 26 years old and having a season that goes all the way through October , and then before you know it you 're right back at Anaheim 1 . I 've said it before , but you 've got to have a little bit of time to refresh . If the race was the second week in September , one week after Jacksonville , would that have changed things ?
Totally . I would be on it because I would just stay in my groove . It 'd be another week or two but when you add in four or five weeks and then you go to Monster Cup , that 's a very serious race now . We take that very seriously , not just like an off-season race . We want to be ready for those situations . It 's such a sticky situation . It 's tough to even say anything .
Tomac holds a 28-point lead going into the final two rounds at Budds Creek and Ironman . Jeff Kardas
By Gabriel Olawale
A new baby is a joy for any family , but experts have raised alarm over the growing incidence of kidney disease among Nigerians , particularly in pregnant women .
The experts who say they are seeing more cases of kidney disease in pregnant women , have urged women seeking to get pregnant to know their medical history and recognise specific medical indicators that can lead to malfunctioning or total breakdown of their kidneys .
Speaking on this year 's World Kidney Day , themed : “ Kidney and Women 's Health ” they narrated how pregnancy puts women in situations that impinge negatively on their health , noting that kidney disease is one of such disorders .
Even the Nigeria Association of Nephrology warns of a looming epidemic of kidney diseases in the country , and has urged the Federal Government to prioritise treatment of kidney disorders .
The kidneys excrete water and other waste products from the body ; regulate the internal environment but once they start failing to carry out these functions , symptoms of ailments appear .
A damaged kidney can cause wastes to build up in the body and blood and urine tests are the only way to know confirm kidney disease .
Statistics from the World Health Organisation , WHO , show that kidney disease in medical circles means that the kidneys are damaged and can not filter blood normally .
In Nigeria alone , nephrologists say each year , 17,000 new cases of kidney failures are diagnosed even as around 38 million persons are suffering from various degrees of kidney disease .
Findings by Good Health Weekly show that although kidney disease is preventable and treatable , it is one of the most expensive disorders to treat and manage .
Worse still , with N18,000 as minimum wage , the total lifetime cost of handling kidney disease in Nigeria is huge . For instance , a kidney transplant goes for about N10 million . Unfortunately , not many patients can afford it . Dialysis costs between N30,000 – N40,000 per session , while most patients spend N90,000 – N150,000 a week .
According to Consultant Nephrologist and Head of Clinical Services , Healing Stripes Hospital , Lagos , Dr. Adedamola Akinsiku , hypertension and diabetes either before or during pregnancy can lead to kidney disease if the conditions are not properly managed .
Akinsiku explained that some women are genetically hypertensive while others become hypertensive as a result of their lifestyle , “ but when they get pregnant which is additional load on the kidneys , can result in kidney diseases if not properly managed .
“ During pregnancy some women , due to pressure and stress , develop gestational hypertension . The good thing about this is that after the baby is born , the blood pressure returns to normal . ”
He , however , noted that there are percentages of women who develop hypertension during pregnancy and after delivery continue to be hypertensive .
In their view , Akinsiku said sometimes when a woman has an abortion , or loses a pregnancy , if not properly cared for , could develop acute kidney disease .
“ Women can bleed because of placenta problem , it is not the fault of the women , the placenta chooses where it wishes to stay .
“ But with qualified personnel , some women take about three to four pints of blood before the placenta is separated .
Imagine a situation where pregnant women consult Traditional Birth Attendants , TBAs who do not understand why the placenta should be separated before the baby comes out , it may result in massive blood loss because TBAs can not carry out blood transfusion which is one of the reasons for high infant mortality .
“ If such women are not properly transfused in a standard hospital where blood transfusion can be done , this can cause the kidneys to shut down . If not properly managed , the affected women could end up with chronic kidney disease , requiring dialysis or transplant . ”
Akinsiku also explained that besides pregnancy , other diseases predominant in women could predispose them to kidney diseases .
“ For example , lupus occurs about 10 times more in women than in men and it is one of the diseases that can predispose to kidney disease .
“ Eclampsia , and pre-eclampsia are major causes of premature death linked to kidney disease in pregnant women . ”
Good Health Weekly gathered that in Eclampsia , one or more convulsions occur in a pregnant woman suffering from high blood pressure , often followed by coma and posing a threat to the health of mother and baby .
Preeclampsia is a condition that occurs only during pregnancy and some symptoms may include high blood pressure and protein in the urine , occurring after week 20 of pregnancy .
A Consultant Paediatric Nephrologist , and Vice President , Nigerian Association of Nephrologists , Dr Adaeze Asinobi , said increasing cases of kidney disease in Nigeria had reached epidemic level .
Speaking during a function in Ibadan , Asinobi who stated that about 15 per cent of Nigerians have some form of kidney disease , lamented that many cases are due to undiagnosed and untreated cases of hypertension and diabetes .
“ Chronic kidney disease is a major burden and people need to recognise it as a major problem and do everything to prevent it . ”
They warn that pregnancy can put a lot of stress on a woman 's body , hence women are more likely to develop kidney disease than men due to factors such as pregnancy-induced hypertension , unwanted pregnancies resulting to abortion , and auto-immune diseases .
Worse still , pregnant women with chronic renal disease adapt poorly to a gestational increase in renal blood flow . This may accelerate their decline in renal function and lead to a poor pregnancy outcome .
Also speaking , a Consultant Nephrologist , Dr. Adewunmi Adebowale , urged women to know their medical history before they get pregnant .
“ If you are going into pregnancy and you already know that you are hypertensive the doctor will know what to do so that your kidney can be safe .
“ Check your blood sugar level , diabetic is not a reason not to get pregnant it is just that you need to have knowledge of your status so that you can be properly managed .
They however recommends a healthy lifestyle and regular medical check up , “ give your kidney enough water to function , avoid self medication such as combination of pain killer drugs which can damage the kidney , exercise and be active , avoid smoking , avoid alcohol , reduce excess salt , manage your weight , have enough rest .
Doctor-in-Charge , Healing Stripe Hospital , Dr. Ezinne Onyemere who also spoke during a free screening , dialysis and health awareness talk organised by the hospital , called for early detection when symptoms have not started manifesting such as uncontrolled blood pressure , leg swelling , facial swelling , forming urine , blood in urine , among others .
“ When people present late , all we can offer is renal replacement therapy which encompass dialysis or transplantation .
“ But with early presentation we can halt the rate of progression , or reverse them to early stage . Prevention is better than cure , it is important you screen yourself regularly . ”
Onyemere however called for government intervention noting that out-of-pocket payment can not address the challenges .
“ Managing chronic kidney disease is huge and not many people can afford it . For example , one session of dialysis costs over N30,000 and for the person to function properly , may require dialysis about three times in a week . How many people can afford that ?
“ Kidney transplant is in the region of N10 million , how many people have such amount in their accounts ? How about the drugs to support the care ? This is time to urge government to do something about kidney disease , by supporting the service .
“ In Cote d'Ivoire , dialysis is free to citizens of the country . In Nigeria every patient pays out of pocket , ” they lamented .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah is the darling of English football , riding high on every metric possible .
However , there is one table they are topping that they might not be so proud of .
While Salah is the Premier League 's top goalscorer after netting four against Watford on the weekend , they also top the league for the most gilt-edged chances missed .
The Egyptian superstar has spurned 19 top chances this season , believe it or not , putting them one ahead of former Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke in the league of shame .
However , Harry Kane , Sergio Aguero and Gabriel Jesus also make the list .
However , the former Villa striker , who has been goal shy ever since leaving Villa Park , has scored just two Premier League goals this year .
With eight matches left in the Premier League season for most sides , the Crystal Palace striker and Salah have missed 18 and 19 `` big chances '' respectively .
They 're in good company - next on the list is top scorer Tottenham 's Harry Kane , who is level with Chelsea 's Alvaro Morata in missing 14 big chances this season .
Acacia contributed $ 712 million ( Sh1.61 trillion ) to the national economy last year , a recent independent report released by Ernst and Young ( E & Y ) has said .
The report , titled ‘ Acacia Mining plc Total Economic and Tax Contributions in Tanzania , 2017 ' , concludes that during the year Acacia 's businesses purchased $ 434 million ( Sh984 billion ) of goods and services from suppliers located in Tanzania , 67 per cent of total spend on goods and services in 2017 .
Of this amount , approximately $ 120 million ( Sh271 billion ) of goods and services were purchased from businesses in the direct locality of the three mines in the country 's Lake Zone .
Despite facing several challenges during the year , in 2017 Acacia contributed $ 712 million ( Sh1.61 trillion ) to the national economy , which represents around 1.5 per cent of Tanzania 's total gross domestic product ( GDP ) , says E & Y report . This compares with a total contribution of $ 724 million ( Sh1.64 trillion ) the previous year .
The 2017 contribution is comprised of $ 200 million ( Sh453 billion ) by the businesses , an indirect contribution via suppliers of $ 304 million ( Sh689 billion ) and induced contributions of $ 208 million ( Sh471 billion ) .
The report shows that the Acacia 's three mines made a total tax contribution to the Tanzanian Treasury of $ 186 million ( Sh421 billion ) , comprising $ 101 million ( Sh229 billion ) by the company , $ 42 million ( Sh95 billion ) by its employees , and a further $ 42 million ( Sh95 billion ) in indirect or induced taxes .
“ This report further reiterates our commitment to continue conducting our business in a way that benefits the country and host communities in which we operate , ” Asa Mwaipopo , managing director , Tanzania , said .
“ It is encouraging to see that our contribution stretches from our zone of influence to a national level as we continue to support efforts towards Tanzania 's socio-economic growth and the attainment of the country 's Development Vision 2025 . ”
Tableau Software has announced new offerings that will allow organizations to scale their data analytics processes . It is releasing Tableau Prep as well as releasing new analytics solutions Tableau Creator , Tableau Explorer , and Tableau Viewer .
Tableau Prep serves as the company 's entry into the self-service data preparation market , according to Francois Ajenstat , chief product officer of Tableau Software . “ Tableau Prep is really trying to change the game for how data preparation should be done where everything you do is visual . You see the data , you point and click , and immediately see how that data is transformed so that things that used to be hard to do or repetitive are now done with one click in Tableau Prep , ” they said .
According to a recent survey from the Harvard Business Review , people spend 80 percent of their time preparing data , leaving only 20 percent of their time left for analysis . By simplifying the data preparation process , organizations will have more time to spend doing useful things with their data .
Tableau Prep is included as part of Tableau Creator , which is one of the three new subscription offerings . It is also available to Tableau Desktop users for free for the next two years .
The new subscription offerings , Tableau Creator , Tableau Explorer , and Tableau Viewer , offer varying levels of analytical capabilities , depending on an organization 's unique needs .
Tableau Creator provides full analytics capabilities , Tableau Explorer provides self-service analysis , and Tableau Viewer allows casual users to consume dashboards and visualizations of data that other have created . For example , Tableau Creator is designed for analysts and power users , while Tableau Viewer is designed for a casual user that does not have a data role , but works in a position where data will help them do their job , Ajenstat explained .
By offering these three solutions as subscriptions , organizations will be able to pick the product that fits their current needs , while still offering the ability to scale . They can start off with Tableau Explorer , but if they realize they need something more robust down the line , they can up their subscription to Tableau Creator .
In addition to offering the ability to scale , subscription models are typically cheaper and lower risk . If a product is not meeting needs , users can just turn off the subscription , whereas if they had bought a product outright they might have lost a lot of money , according to Ajenstat .
“ With the unprecedented and accelerating growth of data that customers are experiencing , the need to see and understand data is more important than ever before . Professional analysts , teachers , doctors , project managers , marketers , sellers , developers , factory line workers , recruiters – everyone needs data to make better decisions . Organizations are facing the urgent need to empower their entire workforce to help drive more revenue , reduce costs , provide better service , increase productivity , discover the next scientific breakthrough and even save lives , ” said Adam Selipsky , CEO at Tableau . “ Our new offerings will help entire organizations make analytics ubiquitous , enabling them to tailor the capabilities required for every employee . ”
Audition time . In retaining 11 of the starting team from last week 's benchmark win over the Crusaders - the high point of the tour to date - for Saturday 's meeting with the Maori All Blacks , Warren Gatland has rewarded those performers with a chance to provide the core of the first Test side to play New Zealand a week subsequently .
“ A lot of players performed well individually and it was a strong collective . We wanted to make a few changes but reward a significant part of that team that played that night , ” said Gatland soon after the delayed announcement of the team .
“ Again it 's building on last week 's game , it 's a massive challenge . You know that another significant performance against the Maori gives you a chance to be a part of that first Test match . ”
Opportunity knocks
Opportunity thus knocks for Peter O'Mahony , who has the honour of captaining the side , Sean O'Brien and Tadhg Furlong as well as Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton , one of the four additions to that starting line-up from a week ago along with Maro Itoje , Anthony Watson and Leigh Halfpenny .
In retaining the backrow trio that went so well against the Crusaders , Gatland has not picked Sam Warburton . “ It 's important for him , I thought that they got a run out against the Highlanders . I thought they were good for a long period of the game . Sean O'Brien has n't had a lot of rugby either . So they 'll both get game time and Sam gets another chance on Saturday night to come and perform . ”
“ He 's well aware of the competition that is there at the moment . They fully understand that that loose forward trio went outstandingly well against the Crusaders . One of the reasons we selected them as captain of the squad is that they are an absolute quality player but also , this tour is n't about Sam Warburton it 's about putting the squad first , and so if he 's not involved in the first Test because of the performance on Saturday night they will fully understand that . But he 'll get some game time and some opportunity to keep improving their match fitness because they have n't had a lot of rugby in recent weeks . ”
When asked if O'Brien was now ahead of Warburton in the pecking order , Gatland said : “ No . We recognise that loose forward trio went really well on Saturday . The challenge for them is to repeat it . And if they do it again , we 'll make what we think is the right selection for the Test match . ”
Mojo
Gatland felft that Sexton appeared to arrive a little low on confidence before rediscovering their form when pressed into a third game in the opening eight days of the tour , dovetailing with Owen Farrell for the last 50 minutes against the Crusaders .
“ Johnny needs more rugby and we 're building on that . They were really good off the bench the other day and the combination of 10 and 12 was pretty seamless . They were just down a little on confidence but he 's got a bit of their mojo back , and we wanted to give them a start against the Maori . ”
Johnny Sexton starts at outhalf for the Lions on Saturday . Photograph : Billy Stickland/Inpho
Farrell was named on the bench before being ruled out with injury and replaced by Dan Biggar - but fitness providing they still seem the favourite to start the first Test , and while there is a growing school of thought that the Lions may opt for a Farrell-Sexton axis on Saturday week , this still seems highly unlikely .
An option for the final quarter or half-hour maybe , but Ben Te ' o still looks the likeliest option at inside centre , not the least seeing as Sonny Bill Williams has been restored to the All Blacks team for their warm-up game against Samoa , in what looks even more of a trial run for their opening Test team , barring injuries .
It 's a big game for Jonathan Davies , who started all three tests in Australia and arrived in good form only to suffer concussion within half an hour of their bright but only start to date against the Crusaders . Ditto Anthony Watson , after their impressive cameo off the bench last Saturday at full-back , who has a chance to improve upon some relatively undistinguished performances on the wings to date .
“ Some of their footwork and pace , we 'd like to see them get the ball in their hands and get more opportunities to score tires and to show what he 's about , ” said Gatland . “ He 's dangerous , quick , elusive , the challenge for us is to get the ball to them a bit more . ”
The same also applies to Leigh Halfpenny after Stuart Hogg was ruled out and Jared Payne misfired somewhat last Tuesday against the Highlanders , albeit Gatland has thrown down the gauntlet to their Welsh full-back .
“ It 's an opportunity as well for them to show what experience they have got .
“ His counter attacking and scoring tries has improved significantly , that 's kind of what we need from a 15 . We know how strong they are defensively , but it 's the attacking threat we 're looking for them to add to us on Saturday . ”
Gatland described the meeting of Maori All Blacks and the Lions as “ one of the unique sporting spectacles , ” and added : “ Special aura , or ‘ mana ' , they talk about here that the Maori bring , culturally how important it is to a country .
“ They will have been engaging with the community , and the players are incredibly proud to put that jersey on , and represent their own tribes , not just the people of New Zealand . ”
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
Four women have accused celebrity chef Mario Batali of inappropriate touching over the course of two decades , causing the restaurateur and television show host to step aside from their projects for the time being .
The accusations against Batali , which were first published in a report by Eater New York , were made by four women who have at one time worked in the restaurant industry . Three of them were employees of the chef .
Eater New York reported the women asked to remain anonymous in fear of retribution .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mario Batali accused of sexual misconduct 0:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
All the women recounted instances at different points in Batali 's career when they say the chef groped them and made inappropriate comments of a sexual nature .
In a statement , Batali apologized and said the accusations described by the women `` match up with the way [ he has ] acted . ''
Related : Since Weinstein , here 's a growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct
“ I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt . Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behavior described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family , '' the statement said in part .
Batali added that they were stepping away from the `` day-to-day operations of my businesses , '' acknowledging their actions disappointed many people and `` the failures are mine alone . ''
ABC , which airs `` The Chew , '' a show geared at foodies and co-hosted by Batali , said it was reviewing the allegations .
“ We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention . ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment , '' an ABC spokesperson said .
`` While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct . ”
Related : New Orleans Chef John Besh Steps Down After Sexual Harassment Allegations
Batali was reprimanded as recently as two months ago for inappropriate workplace behavior , a spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group , a restaurant-management services company co-owned by Batali and Joe Bastianich , told Eater New York .
Celebrity chef Mario Batali speaks during an interview at their restaurant , Del Posto , in New York on April 11 , 2006 . Brendan McDermid / Reuters file
Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group has been sued for harassment before , but not for any action involving Batali , Eater New York reported .
The group told Eater New York in part : “ We take these allegations very seriously . We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination . We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment . We train employees in these policies and we enforce them , up to and including termination . Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company 's operations , including the restaurants , and has already done so . ”
Joe Bastianich , Batali 's hospitality group partner , said in a statement to Eater New York : “ Right now , I 'm just focused on ensuring that our more than 1,000 employees continue to have a safe and positive work environment . ”
In addition to their hospitality group and co-hosting `` The Chew , '' Batali become an industry Goliath by becoming the face of an eponymous pasta sauce brand , creating a host cookbook and a line of kitchen products .
They also began the Mario Batali Foundation , a nonprofit to empower children .
CORRECTION ( Dec. 11 , 1:55 p.m. ) : An earlier version of this article misstated the number of women accusing Mario Batali of sexual misconduct who were employees of his . There were three , not four ; the fourth accuser did not work for Batali .
OAKLAND — Jharel Cotton 's night was a microcosm of the way their season has gone . Good , bad , and mostly ugly .
After a bad first two innings that saw them give up two runs , Cotton seemed to get back on track . The rookie 's changeup that seemed to be missing over the past month had returned to form and Cotton began to look once again like the pitcher they were for the A 's at the end of last season that was throwing the ball with confidence and was even sparking early Rookie of the Year predictions for 2017 .
What transpired in the sixth was just plain ugly .
Cotton 's run of good pitching lasted a grand total of three innings and then they gave up a grand slam to Cam Gallagher . It was Gallagher 's first career big league home run and served as the final nail in the coffin on Cotton 's poor night in Monday 's 6-2 loss to the Kansas City Royals in front of a lowly announced crowd of 9,848 fans at the Coliseum , second-lowest attendance of the season .
Cotton has now allowed four runs or more in nine of their 18 starts this season as they fell to 5-10 with their ERA ballooning up to 5.92 .
A 's manager Bob Melvin had hoped to see a more consistent performance from Cotton in this start , but their outing was anything but .
The disastrous sixth began with Cotton allowing the first two runners to reach base . They then gave up a single after striking out Jorge Bonifacio to load the bases with just one out . Cotton retired Alex Gordon for the second out , but paid for a mistake pitch to Gallagher . Cotton finished the night allowing six runs on eight hits and three walks in six innings of work .
“ He 's had some really good games and some poor games , ” Melvin said before the game . “ Throwing the ball over the plate , using all their pitches and being unpredictable is key . But it starts with throwing the ball over the plate and getting in good counts . ”
Cotton found themselves falling behind in the count often in the first and second innings . The grand slam in the sixth also came behind in the count on a 3-2 pitch . With the bases loaded and looking to be aggressive , Cotton grooved one over the heart of the plate to Gallagher .
The 's had a chance to make the sixth inning also a nightmare for Royals pitcher Jake Junis . After Boog Powell and Matt Joyce led off with back-to-back singles , Ryon Healy and Khris Davis were hit by pitches on consecutive at-bats to bring home a run and cut the deficit to 6-2 . With the bases loaded and one out , Junis retired Matt Olson and Chad Pinder in order to silence what was the A 's only real threat of the night .
NOTES
— Jake Smolinski went 5 for 5 and was a triple shy of the cycle as the designated hitter for Single-A Stockton on Sunday . “ That 's a good day , right ? ” Melvin said with a grin . The outfielder continues to work their way back from a shoulder injury that was sustained in spring training .
— A portion of outfield dead grass that was caused by the stage from the Green Day concert on Aug. 8 at the Coliseum remains unreplaced .
REYKJAVIK , Iceland ( AP ) — For nine years in a row , the World Economic Forum has ranked Iceland as having the world 's smallest gender-equality gap , and for about as long gender studies professor Gyda Margret Petursdottir has been asked how the Nordic island nation became such a paradise for women .
Them reply : `` It is n't . ''
Iceland has a female prime minister and some of the world 's strongest laws on workplace equality and equal pay .
It also has one of Europe 's highest per-capita levels of reported rapes , according to statistics agency Eurostat , although legal definitions differ from country to country , complicating comparisons .
Advertisement
A 2010 University of Iceland study found that 30 percent of Icelandic women aged 18 to 80 reported having been physically attacked by a man at least once , including 13 percent who reported suffering rape or attempted rape .
Icelanders are experiencing a stark realization : Equal representation does not , by default , eliminate gender-based violence .
Petursdottir said the `` myth '' that Iceland 's record on gender equality makes it a safe haven for women is a distraction from the steps needed to fight systematic abuse .
`` Men need to find ways to change their ideas about masculinity , '' Petursdottir said . `` That 's the biggest challenge now . ''
The sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men in Hollywood , politics and beyond , and the `` Me Too '' campaign launched by women speaking out against abuse , have reached this volcanic island below the Arctic Circle .
Hundreds of women in Icelandic politics , entertainment and academia recently signed a pledge against sexual harassment and urged male colleagues to change their behavior .
More than 40 percent of lawmakers in Iceland 's parliament , the Althingi , are women . Last month left-wing leader Katrin Jakobsdottir became prime minister in a coalition government — Iceland 's second female leader in the last decade .
Them appointment is another point on the Global Gender Gap index for a country regarded as a champion of gender equality .
The index measures life expectancy , educational opportunities , political representation , equal pay and other factors — but not gender-based violence .
Feminists argue that Iceland 's star ranking masks continuing violence , harassment and everyday sexism — and that fixing the problem will need a transformation in the way men — and women — think and behave .
In a series of 137 anonymous accounts from women in politics recently published in local media , one female legislator illustrated everyday sexism with a story of a male opponent who complimented them looks right before they took the podium in an attempt to throw them off-topic .
Andres Ingi Jonsson , a lawmaker for the Left Green Movement , said the example shows how parliament , even more than other workplaces , risks becoming a harmful environment for women , since disarming opponents is a key part of politics .
`` The basic tools we use can be influenced by sexually degrading language , and we need to remove that from the toolbox , '' said Jonsson , who is among a group of male parliamentarians seeking to get men to become actively engaged in promoting gender equality .
The group successfully petitioned the speaker of parliament to host a workshop in February during which Iceland 's 63 legislators have been invited to openly discuss sexual harassment in the workplace .
`` It wo n't be an easy day , '' Jonsson said .
They are optimistic that everyone will attend , even though some will approach the workshop with a more open mind than others .
`` We have to be ready to open our hearts a bit , '' Jonsson said .
Iceland may be far from perfect , but its politicians have taken gender equality seriously .
Icelandic law requires private companies to have at least 40 percent women on their boards and offers men parental leave equal to women . Starting next year , the Equal Pay Law will audit companies to prove that they are paying men and women the same for comparable work .
There are indications of a change in social attitudes and an unwillingness to turn a blind eye toward sexual harassment .
Iceland 's capital , Reykjavik , has a vibrant nightlife scene , and dozens of bars and clubs have tried to create a safer atmosphere by putting up posters urging guests to notify staff if they feel harassed .
Activist Helga Lind Mar said the scene has changed noticeably from a few years ago .
`` We still have creeps , '' they said , sitting by Reykjavik 's bar- and-restaurant-lined Laugavegur Street , famous for its long party nights . `` But they are more afraid to be called out on their behavior . ''
And educators have started to think about how to raise a generation of non-sexist adults .
At Reykjavik 's Borgarholtsskoli high school , teacher Hanna Bjorg Vilhjalmsdottir oversees lively discussions in their Introduction to Gender Studies class .
The aim of the class is to get young adults to notice everyday discrimination , stereotyping and harmful messages , they said .
When Vilhjalmsdottir , a pioneer of the concept , pitched the idea to school administrators 10 years ago `` they were extremely skeptical , '' they said . Now versions of the course are taught in 27 of Iceland 's 33 high schools .
Student Tinna Karen Victorsdottir said the course has changed their perception of life more than any other class .
They said they often bring class discussions to their family 's dinner table and shares course readings and videos with their parents . Over time , their parents have changed their behavior , too .
`` My dad has taken on totally new house chores , '' they said . `` I guess it inspired them to see me this eager . ''
Drug/narcotic violation
On Aug. 6 , Dylan Kennedy , 19 , was pulled over at around 10:30 p.m. for speeding on Route 107 and Redding Road . They were going 52 miles per hour in a 35 mile-per-hour lane .
The officer conducted visual examination of the interior of the vehicle . As the officer stood outside the vehicle , they observed in plain view on the floor of the vehicle a clear glass mason jar that contained a green leafy substance .
They believed it to be marijuana .
Kennedy admitted to the presence of marijuana in the back seat . Police seized the items .
Kennedy was given a ticket for traveling unreasonably fast and for possession of less than one half of an ounce of marijuana . They were also charged with possession of drug paraphernalia .
Liquor law violation
On Aug. 5 , police observed two persons run behind the Pine Tree Garage gas station . One person was identified as Caton Preston , age 18 .
Police determined that they produced a fake driver 's license . They were charged with possession of alcohol by a minor and forgery in the third degree . They were given a court date of Aug. 15 in Danbury court . They were let go on a written promise to appear in court .
Prescription drug destruction
Police took in a total of 75 pounds of unused prescription drugs — 20 pounds from Meadow Ridge Health Center and 55 pounds from a collection box in the Redding Police lobby . Police took it to the incinerator plant Wheelabrator .
Trespassing
On Aug. 5 , three children were found at Falls Hole restaurant . They received a warrant for trespassing .
Vandalized
On Aug. 3 , police received a call from a resident of Topstone Road who lives in New York during the week . The caller said that their mailbox was smashed . This is being investigated .
Stats :
Total calls — 204
Animal control investigation — 7
Assault — 0
Crisis intervention — 0
Assist EMS — 8
Assist Fire — 2
Drug/narcotic violation — 1
Family dispute/no arrest — 1
Home and business alarms — 15
Liquor law violation — 1
Missing person — 0
Motor vehicle accidents — 4
Suspicious vehicle/person reports — 12
Untimely death — 0
Traffic offenses :
Global Biotech Flavors Market : Snapshot
The global biotech flavors market has gained significant impetus from the rising awareness among consumers , especially in the developed countries , regarding the potential adverse impact of artificially-produced food flavors on human health . The rising health consciousness among consumers has resulted into increased preference for natural ingredients among consumers across the world and the high consumer awareness pertaining the nutritional benefits of biotech flavors is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of this market in the coming years .
The global market for biotech flavors stood at US $ 430.6 mn in 2015 . Expanding at a CAGR of 9.70 % between 2016 and 2024 , the opportunity in this market is likely to touch US $ 991.0 mn by the end of 2024 . In terms of volume , the market is estimated to cross 23,980.3 tons market over the same time period .
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=16178
Nowadays , consumers are more aware of the various nutritional values of fruits and vegetables , and the benefits such as increasing antioxidant levels , reduced risks of metabolic diseases , including obesity and diabetes , associated , with consumption . Biotech processes such as plant tissue culture , microbial fermentation , and bio-conversion , enable the conversion of fruits and vegetable ingredients into flavors without causing any adverse impact on its nutritional value and , hence , are considered as more natural compared to chemically synthesized flavors .
Fruity Flavor to Report Swift Growth in Demand
Based on the flavor , the global market for biotech flavor market is classified into vanilla and vanillin , fruity , and other flavors . Currently , the demand for other flavors is higher than vanilla and vanillin and fruity flavors . However , fruity flavor is expected to witness a high-paced growth in its demand over the next few years , thanks to the increasing consumption of processed food and beverages across the world .
Dairy products , confectionery products , bakery products , beverages , non-dairy ice cream , and nutraceuticals are the key application areas of biotech flavors . Among these , the beverages segment is expected to register a greater demand for biotech flavors in the years to come on the grounds of the increasing consumption of flavored beverages , worldwide .
Obtain Report Details @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/biotech-flavor-market.htm
North America to Continue as Market Leader
The global market for biotech flavors is stretched across the Middle East and Africa , North America , Asia Pacific , Europe , and Latin America and is led by North America , thanks to the high awareness among consumers regarding the benefits of biotech flavors . In 2015 , the regional market , followed by Europe , acquired a share of more than a share of 32 % in the overall market . Researchers anticipate the North America market for biotech flavors to retain its leadership over the forthcoming years .
On the other hand , Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness a high-paced growth in its market for biotech flavors in the near future , thanks to the strong demand for biotech flavors from emerging economies , such as China and India . The health and wellness trend is also expected to support the growth of the Asia Pacific biotech flavor market and prompt manufacturers to apply innovative strategies across the supply chain to ensure wide availability of biotech flavors for consumers over the years to come . Apart from this , the increasing demand for beverages in this region is expected to create vital opportunities for the players in the global market .
Idaho Secretary of State Lawerence Denney says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security may have tried to penetrate the state 's election website around the Nov. 8 election , without notifying state officials in advance .
“ I do n't know what they penetrated , or what they tried , I just know their IP address showed up as hitting our website , ” Denney told the Post Register on Monday . “ I do n't know what they were doing . It would have been nice if they had told us . ”
Denney 's comments follow similar accusations made by Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp in December . Kemp sent a letter to then-Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson , saying that on Nov. 15 , a week after the election , it appeared a DHS internet address tried to hack Georgia 's election network , including the voter registration database .
Denney said the Idaho incident was limited to the state 's public election website , which does n't contain any sensitive voter information .
[ Related : Forget the conspiracy theories — “ It would be very difficult to rig an election in Idaho , ” says secretary of state ]
A DHS spokesperson said the department planned to study the Idaho incident specifically , but did not have an explanation Tuesday . A DHS statement said the department “ will work with Secretary Denney 's office to address their concerns . ”
It added : “ When DHS conducts a cybersecurity scan of a network or system , we do so only with the cooperation and consent of the system owner . ”
DHS officials previously said in the Georgia incident , an employee had been legitimately accessing databases on the Secretary of State 's website . But their computer was wrongly configured , and it falsely made it appear that an attempted hack had occurred on Kemp 's system .
Denney said Kemp was the one that tipped off other secretaries of state across the country , telling them to look for the same DHS internet address they claimed had attempted to “ breach ” Georgia 's computer firewall . Denney said “ several states ” reported back to Georgia that they found similar DHS addresses in their systems .
Denney initially mentioned the DHS incident as part of a larger speech on voter fraud and election hacking during the Feb. 4 Lincoln Day Banquet in Idaho Falls , hosted by the Region 7 Republicans . Their comments come amid ongoing — and unproven — voter fraud allegations made by the Trump Administration , as well as concerns over Russia 's hacking and other efforts to influence the election 's outcome .
Denney said following the election , Idaho officials “ looked at IP addresses that tried to get into our system. ” They did n't find “ a single IP address from a foreign country. ” Finding that would have been a major concern for many state election officials following allegations of Russia meddling in the election .
But , Denney said , “ there was an interesting IP address that we found . That was our own Department of Homeland Security. ” Denney said they were frustrated the agency would try to penetrate the state 's election website “ without knowledge of why they would want to hack , and without telling us that they were trying to do penetration tests. ” They said the finding “ really concerned me , and it concerned a number of other secretaries of state across the country . ”
MADRAS , Ore. ( AP ) – Crews are searching a lake in the Deschutes National Forest for a man who went missing over the weekend .
Jefferson County Sheriff Jim Adkins identified the man as 33-year-old Ben Hendrickson of Sisters , Oregon . They were last seen at a campground Saturday night .
Adkins told KTVZ ( http : //bit.ly/2uE2Oej ) the man 's kayak and kayak paddle washed ashore , and a baseball hat has been found . Hendrickson 's vehicle has also been located .
The search is focused on Suttle Lake , a popular camping and boating spot northwest of Sisters .
“ Bloody hell , that 's us done. ” And six hours and 40 minutes after saying hello , Joe Molloy bid us adieu , themselves and the entire TV3 organisation most probably heading out to the car park of their Ballymount premises to erect a statue of Johnny Sexton 's right boot .
If it had n't been for said boot , “ everyone would be getting up depressed tomorrow morning , ” as Ronan O'Gara put it . Instead , “ everything is beautiful and all is possible again. ” And when the question is asked , ‘ where were you when . . . ? ' , the bulk of the nation will respond : ‘ Sitting on the couch watching TV3 . '
As debuts go , that one 's hard to top , the channel 's only slight concern likely to be that over the course of their four-year contract , they will never have another Six Nations moment to match Johnny 's 83rd-minute jaw-droppingly wondrous intervention . To be negative about it then , it 's all downhill from here .
It was reaching a point the past couple of weeks where you would n't have been surprised if Roy Cropper started reminding their bacon-butty-seeking customers in Corrie 's caf that TV3 would be showing us the Six Nations this year , so all-pervasive was the channel 's promotional plugs for the campaign ahead .
But ‘ Super Saturday ' finally arrived , the menu featuring just the six and half hours of rugby coverage , followed by Ireland 's Got Talent , which , by then , we hoped would already have been demonstrated in Paris .
Which it was , by Johnny 's boot , resulting in Ireland 's Got Talent being delayed , probably resulting in the advertised spoons-playing man throwing a strop when they should have just been grateful they are n't pitted against Johnny 's boot in the voting .
Now , it 's been a while since there was fresh research done on the most stressful life events for the average Irish person , but it 's likely that the current top five , in no particular order , is divorce , moving house , switching jobs , trying to get through to report a broadband fault and RTÉ losing their Six Nations rights to TV3 .
It 's not that there 's any special gra for RTÉ , we give out about them almost as much as we discuss the weather , but change tends to bring us all out in a rash . And the prospect of the Six Nations on the telly without Brent Pope was a bit like Christmas being a Santa-free zone . Old habits die hard , too . You 'd wonder how many people found themselves watching The Secret Life of Walter Mitty on RTE2 at 4.45 wondering all the time why the match was delayed .
But the time had come , the grand opening featuring a man raking a beach , with horses trotting past in the background , interspersed with clips of rugby . As you 'd expect .
From there , TV3 had a similar day to the one Joe Schmidt 's men experienced in Paris : promising start , rocky middle , spectacular end .
The rocky bit was that 16 second spell when they were showing us ads while Wales and Scotland had already kicked off the opening game of the 2018 Six Nations , the fault apparently resting with the ref who blew their whistle too quickly , with no thought given to broadcasters trying to recoup the money they 'd dished out in the first place for their Six Nations rights .
That , of course , left the nation decidedly grumpy , stirring memories of TV3 's rugby World Cup coverage in 2015 which featured considerably more ads than tries .
But , that hiccup aside , it was largely quality , refreshing fare , Molloy playing a blinder . There are hosts whose sole aim is to demonstrate that they know more than their panel of experts , then there are those who are secure enough to ask questions to which they know the answers . The mission being to give viewers a better insight . Bill O'Herlihy was the master , anyone familiar with them from Off The Ball knows Molloy has a similar ego-less touch .
We saw it in the post-match chat with Ronan O'Gara ( dropping in from New Zealand , like you do ) , Matt Williams and Shane Jennings , who were all probed in to getting us in to the mind of Johnny Sexton . It was terrific stuff , O'Gara especially , them no stranger to rather useful last minute drop goals .
“ Does Johnny Sexton want a penalty [ in those circumstances ] over a drop goal , ” asked Molloy .
“ A penalty is a controlled situation , you can snap in to a routine , ” said O'Gara . “ A drop goal , there are so many uncontrollables . . . a penalty is like a drive in golf , a drop goal is kind of a wonder shot out of a bunker . . . especially from 40 yards . ”
Williams put it all down to the relentless drive for perfection . “ I bet they kicked as a kid on Christmas day , because that 's what the obsessive people do , ” they said . Jennings smiled . “ He 's probably the most stubborn person I 've ever come across in my life , ” they said . The upshot ? “ You 'll have young kids in the back garden knocking drop goals over , going ‘ I 'm Johnny Sexton ! ' It 's just brilliant . ”
Over in Paris Shane Horgan was close enough to being lost for words , apart from : “ It was properly ridiculous . ”
“ By God did they deliver , ” O'Gara concluded . “ Up steps the king and knocks it over . ”
“ Magic , ” said Molloy .
That it was .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford has had their odds slashed on winning Sports Personality of the Year , following their penalty shootout heroics last night .
He 's been cut from 100/1 into as short as 8/1 to scoop the individual sporting prize , after saving Carlos Bacca 's penalty in England 's last 16 tie with Colombia .
Punters also think they have a realistic chance , with the shot-stopper the second most backed behind international teammate Harry Kane , with Pickford accounting for 14 % of all bets in the last 12 hours .
( Image : Alex Morton/Getty Images )
Pickford 's save-of-the-tournament contender from Uribe 's strike has seen punters lumping on the keeper to scoop the trophy , currently held by Mo Farah .
Oddschecker spokesperson George Elek said : “ If football really is coming home , then you have to assume that one of the protagonists will win the BBC 's prestigious honour .
“ Harry Kane is the obvious favourite , but any more shoot-out drama could see 24-year-old Pickford creep into contention . ”
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Quinton Adlesh scored 17 of their 20 points in the second half when Columbia charged back to hand Harvard its first Ivy League…
An alcoholic beverage is a drink having ethanol , commonly recognized as alcohol . they are fermented from the sugars in grains , berries , culmination , and such other additives as tubers , plant saps , milk , and honey . Alcoholic drinks are wolfed across the world . The call for those alcoholic drinks has altered in the few years , deliberating the on/off premises consumption tendencies .
Alcoholic beverages are made from sugar-containing drinks by means of alcoholic fermentation . Sugars , fermentable by yeasts , are either present as such or are generated from the raw fabric with the aid of processing , i. e. by hydrolytic cleavage of starches and dextrin 's , yielding simple sugars . The maximum essential alcoholic drinks are beer , wine , and brandy . Beer and wine had been regarded to early civilizations and were produced by using a well-developed enterprise . The distillation procedure for liquor production was added much later . The dietary electricity value of ethanol is high ( 29 kJ/g or 7 kcal/g ) .
View sample and decide : https : //www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-alcoholic-beverages-market-4403/request-sample
Drivers and Restraints :
Few of the benefits of devouring alcohol in confined quantity are a decrease in chance of cardiovascular ailment , avoidance of bloodless while having purple wine reduces the threat of coronary heart diseases and burns fat . Further , the mounting request for top class alcoholic beverages is deemed to be one of the foremost impellers for the increase of the alcoholic liquids marketplace . Attempts with the aid of the alcoholic beverage producers for fortifying distribution channels and enlargement of buy a channel , which include comfort stores & online stores , is likewise leading to the tremendous marketplace increase . Innovation and release of the new product also are using the increase of the alcoholic drinks market .
However , a high price of top rate/extremely good top rate merchandise , and escalation of non-alcoholic beverages market , attributable to health issues , is anticipated to limit the market growth in destiny .
To know more read : https : //www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-alcoholic-beverages-market-4403/
Geographic Segmentation
The North America market has been geographically segmented into US , Canada , and Mexico . America has the best demand followed with the aid of Canada and Mexico . The North the USA location is largely pushed by way of industrial worries . The increase of the alcoholic beverages market on this place may be credited to the vast rise in disposable profits .
Get your customized report : https : //www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-alcoholic-beverages-market-4403/customize-report
The key players of the market include Molson Coors Brewing Co. , Pernod Ricard SA , SABMiller Ltd. , United Spirits Ltd. , Bacardi Limited , Beam Suntory Inc. , Constellation Brands Inc. , Diageo , Heineken Holding NV , Accolade Wines Ltd. , Asahi Breweries Ltd. , Brown-Forman Corp. , Carlsberg A/S , China Resources Beer Company Limited .
Scope of the report
The report offers a comprehensive analysis of the industry by providing the estimations of market potential and forecasts with utmost granularity . Along this , the factors influential in effecting the market dynamics and trends are discussed in detail at the product level . Further , the performance of the market at the regional and country-level is assessed and the prospects with high growth potential are identified and debated .
The key players in the industry are profiled providing insights on their financial performance , market position and growth strategies . Comparative analysis on prime strategical activities of the market players delineating the key developments like mergers & acquisitions , collaborations and an evaluation of the competitive environment within the industry are provided . The report also offers a broad outlook of the market along with recommendations from industry experts on the opportunities for investment activity .
What else ? Apart from the syndicated report , our in-house team has an expertise and experience in designing custom reports to meet your specific research needs and assist you in making well-informed decisions .
Contact Info :
Name : Mr. Abhishek Shukla
Email : abhishek @ marketdataforecast.com
Organization : MarketDataForecast™
Address : 2nd Floor , Lakeview Plaza , Kavuri Hills , Hyderabad , Telangana 500033 , India .
Phone : +1-888-702-9626
Well it finally happened . Pumpkin spice is trying to kill us .
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in Baltimore was forced to evacuate after a funny smell starting coming from the third floor of the building . According to the school 's President Bill Heiser , there were several complaints of students and teachers having trouble breathing . Heiser had to make the difficult decision and evacuated around 200 people from the campus due to the smell .
Of course the fire department showed up as well as a hazmat crew to help solve the mystery smell .
BREAKING : Baltimore high school being evacuated for possible hazmat situation : https : //t.co/cf4KvYEdXx pic.twitter.com/EblmtoNC4o — ABC2NEWS ( @ ABC2NEWS ) October 5 , 2017
While all the hazmat test came back negative , two students and three teachers headed to the hospital for stomach issues .
FALL FAVORITE CAUSES INJURIES : A pumpkin spice scented aerosol plug-in forced the evacuation of a school in Baltimore and sickened 5 people ! pic.twitter.com/KX3G7mb8g2 — ABC World News Now ( @ abcWNN ) October 6 , 2017
After a little more investigation , it turns out the funky smell was coming from…a pumpkin spice air freshener ! ! !
NIGHT and DAY : Albany Symphony and Gem , Mineral and Fossil show
NIGHT
ALBANY — Rising conductor Karina Canellakis will make their Albany Symphony debut on Saturday , Feb. 18 at the Palace Theatre in Albany , featuring Brahms ' Fourth — and final — Symphony , considered one of the composer 's most profound achievements .
Winner of the 2016 Sir Georg Solti Conducting Award , Canellakis has been called “ astonishing by the L.A. Times and “ revelatory ” by the Cincinnati Enquirer . Classical music site Bachtrack pronounced them “ electrifying ” following their European debut in Graz , Austria . They will be joined on Saturday by the Brown-Urioste-Canellakis Trio , friends and family Michael Brown , Elena Urioste and Nicholas Canellakis , for the performance , which will also feature Beethoven 's delightful and rarely heard Triple Concerto and Pulitzer Prize winner Jennifer Higdon 's rousing “ Dance Cards . ”
Pianist Michael Brown , violinist Elena Urioste , and cellist Nicholas Canellakis have established themselves as three of the most sought-after young virtuosos on the contemporary classical music scene . Winners , individually , of the Avery Fisher Career Grant , BBC New Generation Artist Scheme , Sphinx and Concert Artists Guild competitions , and Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center auditions , they have performed in prestigious venues across the United States and Europe .
The performance is at 7:30 p.m. at Palace Theatre , located at 19 Clinton Ave. in Albany .
DAY
ALBANY — Mineralogists , geologists , gem-lovers and jewelry-lovers are invited to attend the New York State Museum 's annual James Campbell Memorial Gem , Mineral and Fossil Show and Sale . Now in its 24th year , the two-day event features tours of the museum 's mineral collection , hands-on activities for children and an array of vendors displaying and selling gems , jewelry , minerals , fossils and more .
The New York State Museum Mineralogy Collection constitutes the world 's largest and most complete array of New York State minerals , containing approximately 35,000 specimens divided into two sub-collections . More than 11,000 of the specimens are in the “ New York ” collection , containing about 290 valid mineral species , and the others are in the “ non-New York ” collection representing world-wide localities .
This event , which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Feb. 18 and 19 , is co-sponsored by the Capital District Mineral Club and the New York Academy of Mineralogy . Children 's activities will be offered from noon to 3 p.m. on both days and tours of the Minerals of New York exhibition will be offered at 2 p.m. both days . Interested visitors are asked to meet in the museum 's main lobby five minutes before the tour begins . Admission is $ 5 , children 12 and under are free .
New York State Museum is located at 222 Madison Avenue in Albany .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Comment on this Story
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — Authorities say suspects in the 1999 shooting deaths of an Oklahoma couple and the abduction of their 16-year-old daughter and their friend `` bragged '' about photographing the girls while they were bound .
Sixty-six-year-old Ronnie Dean Busick was charged Monday with four counts of first-degree murder in the killing of Danny and Kathy Freeman of Craig County , and the disappearance of teenagers Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman .
Oklahoma officials say two other suspects have died .
According to an affidavit , unnamed witnesses interviewed by investigators said the suspects abducted the girls , and that they had seen photos of them . Authorities believe the teenagers were eventually killed and might be buried in a pit in northeastern Oklahoma .
Advertisement
Lauria Bible 's mother , Lorene Bible , says they believe `` somebody knows where these girls are . ''
If you have been thinking about switching from your current job to one that allows you to work from home , you should know that now is the time to be paid to click , especially if you manage to sign up on the right platform . The best part about being able to get paid to click is that you do not have to deal with the many disadvantages of having a regular job . Take a second to think about how amazing it would be to earn money while staying at home every single day .
An incredible advantage that you will be able to benefit from when you sing up on the right platform is that you do not need to do much to make money . You can actually be paid to click , which means that you are not required to do anything other than just click on ads . The right platform will make it possible for you to earn $ 7 per every ad that you watch ! Even if it sounds too good to be true , you should consider reading a few reviews that were posted by some of its members .
You will immediately realize that their website is for real the best place to make money without actually needing to leave the house . Another fantastic advantage associated with this kind of site is that you can make your own hours . To get paid to click , you do not have to do much . As long as you have stumbled upon the right platform , you just need to create your own account . After that , the fun begins . Watching ads is not that challenging . It is actually a pretty pleasant activity .
Another advantage that you can benefit from when you choose to click on ads for a living is that you will not have to spend another 8 hours every day in an office . Instead , you can opt for ptc activities for a couple of hours or a bit more each day at home and just make the most out of your free time . What will you do with so much free time ? If you are wondering just how much money you can make on a monthly basis , you should know that it is all a matter of how much time you spend clicking on ads and on the referrals that you opt for .
You have the option of reaching your withdrawal limit on your own or with the help of referrals . The second option will allow you to get your money sooner . After cashing out your earnings , you can start clicking on ads again until you reach the same limit again and again . It is pretty simple , is n't it ?
If you are currently looking for a way to make money from home , you should know that you can Get paid to click ( https : //sevendollarclick.com ) by simply finding the right website . The good news is that you have the opportunity to be Paid to click ( https : //sevendollarclick.com ) as long as you pay us a visit and create your own free account !
Dear Sir ,
Greetings from 20th International Conference on Nutrition , Food Science and Technology ! !
We warmly welcome you to be a part of our Esteemed Conference of Food Technology Congress 2018 which is going to be held during April 16-17,2018 at Dubai .
Kindly have a glance at our Website for more details , https : //foodtechnology.nutritionalconference.com/
For queries/assistance , please do not hesitate to contact us . Awaiting your swift and positive response ,
With Best Wishes ,
Clarissa
Program Manager
Food Technology Congress 2018
Kemp House , 152 City Road ,
London EC1V 2NX , UK
E : foodtechnology @ nutritionalconference.com
A small naval aircraft crash has been reported in Leonardtown , Maryland on the Breton Bay Golf & Country Club around 2 p.m. Monday .
According to news reports , one person was airlifted to a local hospital .
The helicopter was based at Fort Belvoir , the Army installation in Northern Virginia .
Source : NBC 4 Washington
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
The Cambridges appear less likely to use the most popular name , Oliver , given that it 's reminiscent of the politician Oliver Cromwell , who signed the king 's death warrant in the 17th century .
Kate , who has a close relationship with their family , may also want to reflect their heritage . Them father 's name is Michael and their brother 's name is James .
- Advertisement -
Whatever name they choose for the prince , it 's likely to rise in the popularity rankings . The Cambridge 's choice of George for their first born helped boost it to number three , up from 12 the year before they were born .
An engraving of King Arthur.Hulton Archive / Getty Images file
And Prince George and Princess Charlotte are anything to go by , the new baby will have more than one name . The royal siblings ' full names are George Alexander Louis and Charlotte Elizabeth Diana .
William , who is second in line to the throne , has four names — William Arthur Philip Louis .
Outside of the immediate line of succession , the queen 's other children and grandchildren have chosen more modern names . William 's first cousin is called Zara , and they named their daughter Mia . William 's other first cousin , Peter Phillips , who has no royal title , named their daughters Savannah and Isla .
Whatever their name , the new baby 's official title will be styled the same as their siblings : Prince ( name ) Cambridge . They are fifth in line to the throne .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A liquidated business owned by a Derby man owes more than £1.25m to companies and individuals , it has been revealed .
Jason Rowan , the owner of EnergySave , which was based in Wharncliffe Road , Ilkeston , and sold wall insulation , coating systems , double glazing and conservatories , recently announced that they chose to close the business after they said its reputation was “ ruined ” last year .
The firm was the subject of a Rogue Traders report on BBC consumer affairs show Watchdog in which it was accused of aggressive selling and targeting elderly or vulnerable people .
( Image : Northcliffe Media Ltd )
Mr Rowan , who lives in Chellaston , said that as a result of the broadcast , the company had been “ forced to engage with a legal team ” to clear its reputation .
A statement of affairs , which is available on the Companies House website , has now revealed that the firm owes 41 businesses and individuals a total of around £1,250,272.54 .
The Derbyshire companies owed money by EnergySave include : Alpha Scaffolding ( Ilkeston ) - £3,100 ; Bradley & Jefferies Solicitors Limited ( Derby ) - £912.60 ; Braemar Guest House ( Alvaston ) - £320 ; Derby City Council - £3,576 ; Envirotherm Group Ltd ( Ilkeston ) - £26,135 ; Interhire Ltd ( Ilkeston ) - £1,476.92 ; Poppy – PR ( Ilkeston ) - £1,350 : Seal Service Ltd ( Derbyshire ) - £1,921.41 : T C R Derby Ltd ( Derby ) - £8,592 ; and TS Network Solutions ( Derby ) - £1,466.88 .
There are also five private individuals who are owed money , according to the statement of affairs . It includes people from Leeds , Ilkeston , Derby and Nottinghamshire in amounts of between £600 to £10,000 .
Other businesses who are owed large sums of money include : HM Revenue & Customs ( Liverpool ) - £857,891 ; HM Revenue & Customs ( Newcastle Upon Tyne ) - £22,200 ; Barclays Bank plc ( Leicester ) - £58,000 ; Northgate plc ( Darlington ) - £29,773.22 ; Stealth Scaffolding Services ( Leicestershire ) - £25,778 ; and Worldpay Limited ( Gateshead ) - £62,589.68 .
( Image : BBC )
An 82-year-old woman from Nottinghamshire , who is owed hundreds of pounds , said they felt like they had been the victim of `` emotional blackmail '' .
They said they were visited by a representative of EnergySave in October 2017 , two months after their husband died . The elderly woman claims was convinced to purchase insulation for their home after being told by the representative that the company needed to make sales so it did n't have to `` lay anyone off '' over the winter period .
An undercover reporter from the BBC Watchdog team made secret recordings of employees at the firm in 2017 .
One member of staff was filmed rubbing their hands together and smiling while saying : `` Mwwhahaha ! I 'm going to get your money . Watch out old lady . I 'm so innocent , I 'm a nice salesperson . ''
They were also filmed telling the undercover reporter that the company did not go and see Asian people – claiming the company was not racist - and preferred to sell its products to customers over the age of 55 .
In a statement from Mr Rowan provided to insolvency practitioners Panos Eliades Franklin & Co they said : `` In June 2017 the company was featured on the BBC 's TV show , Watchdog 'Rogue Traders ' . The company was falsely presented and the programme contained many technically and factual inaccuracies . The immediate negative effect on the business was catastrophic . Cancellations within the 14-day period were at an unprecedented high , as were the cancellations of older jobs that had not yet begun . This coupled with the negative side of social media crippled the business .
`` The company 's average weekly turnover of £190,000 dropped dramatically to £25,000 per week . Consequently , the company closed seven out of eight of its branches and staff were reduced to 20 people in a matter of months . ''
A spokesperson for Panos Eliades Franklin & Co said the list of creditors who were owed money were unlikely to get any of it back because Mr Rowan did not have any realisable assets .
BERLIN ( AP ) — An activist group on Tuesday published a database of information on suspected chemical attacks in Syria , adding to a growing collection of videos and images documenting alleged war crimes during the seven-year conflict .
The Syrian Archive , which works with human rights groups such as Amnesty International , said it has verified 861 videos covering some 212 attacks — most of them believed to have been carried out by government forces .
The material comes from 193 sources and much of it was uploaded to social media by ordinary Syrians , the group 's co-founder , Hadi al-Khatib , told an audience in Berlin .
Al-Khatib , who has lived in Germany since 2014 , said the group wants to preserve sensitive material from disappearing , so that it might eventually be used to bring those responsible for war crimes to trial . But the team , which is spread across Europe and the Middle East , also wants to `` add value '' to the raw material , such as by determining the location where a video was taken and , most importantly , verifying that it shows what is claimed .
Advertisement
The Syrian Archive cooperates with the open source journalism site Bellingcat that has made a name for itself forensically examining footage from war zones .
While most of the chemical attacks documented by the group are alleged to have been carried out by forces loyal to President Bashar Assad , including most recently in the town of Douma near Damascus , a handful have been attributed to rebel forces and the Islamic State extremist group , said Abdulrahman al-Jaloud , one of the Syrian Archive 's researchers .
Al-Khatib said they and fellow activists try not to get disheartened by the fact that efforts to bring those responsible for war crimes in Syria to trial have so far been unsuccessful .
`` That does n't mean we should stop , '' they said . `` We are looking forward to the day when we can use this material , because the reconstruction of Syria must include acknowledging , investigating and prosecuting crimes . ''
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) — The Latest on lawsuit 's challenging the legality of a December petroleum lease sale in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska ( all times local ) :
1 p.m .
Four more environmental groups are challenging the legality of petroleum lease sales conducted in northern Alaska by the federal government .
The latest lawsuit filed Friday says 2016 and 2017 lease sales in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska were illegal because the Interior Department failed to take a hard look at the effects of lease sales on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change .
Advertisement
The lawsuit says far-reaching climate impacts within the reserve could be triggered when fossil fuels from the reserve are extracted and burned .
The lawsuit by environmental law firm Earthjustice was the second filed Friday .
The first claims the 2017 lease sale was illegal because the Bureau of Land Management failed to follow federal environmental law in assessing lease sale effects on wildlife , habitat and fish .
___
9:15 a.m .
Five environmental groups are suing to overturn a federal petroleum lease sale in northern Alaska .
The groups say the Interior Department in December conducted the largest-ever lease offering within the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska without a proper environmental review .
The lawsuit says the Bureau of Land Management did not retain authority to prohibit future activities on the leases sold and failed to thoroughly analyze effects of oil and gas development .
The environmental groups say the lease areas include one of the largest and most significant wetland areas in the world .
The Interior Department offered 900 tracts covering 16,100 square miles ( 41,700 sq . kilometers ) , roughly the size of New Hampshire and Massachusetts combined , in the lease sale .
Oil companies submitted bids on just seven tracts covering 125 square miles ( 324 sq . kilometers ) .
___
This story corrects the number of environmental groups bringing the lawsuit .
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri & Femi Bolaji
ABUJA——A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory sitting at Gudu , yesterday , convicted and sentenced former governor of Taraba State , Rev . Jolly Nyame , to 14 years imprisonment without the option of fine .
Trial Justice Adebukola Banjoko found the defendant guilty on 27 of the 41-count charge of money laundering the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , preferred against him .
Specifically , the court sentenced Nyame to 14 years for criminal breach of trust , two years for misappropriation , seven years for gratification and five years for obtaining valuable public property without consideration .
The court held that the sentence would run concurrently , even as it discharged the defendant on 14 counts of the charge .
Justice Banjoko , who gave the verdict after they turned down Nyame 's plea for leniency , said they were “ morally outweighed by facts of the case . ”
They said : “ Citizens of Taraba had elected the defendant , a clergyman , on three separate occasions to govern them , which shows constant level of trust . The expectation must have been so high .
“ As a reverend , they must have been seen as an epitome of morality , piety and everything good . How will Reverend Nyame begin to explain to people of Taraba State their actions and inactions ? How can they justify causing such a colossal loss to the state ? ”
Catalogue of crimes
The judge , who maintained that the defendant committed “ catalogue of crimes ” a month before they vacated office , “ while under intense searchlight from security agencies , ” said the court would be failing in its responsibility if it failed to impose the full sanction .
According to the judge , evidence before the court showed that while officials that served under the defendant were returning their loot to the EFCC after they were questioned , Nyame “ was still busy committing more crime . ”
The court stressed that one of such crimes included N100 million the defendant withdrew from the state 's treasury to host former President Olusegun Obasanjo , who paid a one-day visit to Taraba State in 2007 .
The judge said after they carefully examined all the evidence EFCC tendered before the court , they concluded that it was “ either the defendant entered into office without a corrupt mind and became corrupted , or they were corrupted ab-initio .
“ There was such a crazy level of corruption in the air in Taraba State Ministry of Finance . It is , however , amazing that none of the officials was arraigned , ” Justice Banjoko added .
They held that Nyame “ behaved like a common thief with unbridled greed , ” saying their sentence would serve as a deterrent to other public office holders .
The court directed EFCC to return all the funds it recovered in the process of its investigation into the case to the coffers of Taraba State .
The judgment came 11 years after Nyame , who held sway as governor of Taraba State from May 29 , 1999 , to May 29 , 2007 , was docked by the anti-graft agency over allegation that they looted public funds to the tune of N1.64 billion .
The prosecution , in the charge dated May 13 , 2007 , told the court that the former governor perpetuated the fraud between January 2005 and May 2007 , through various bogus contracts .
Nyame had pleaded not guilty to the charge , which they insisted was not only incompetent but also brought against them in bad faith .
N250m contract for bulk purchase of stationery
Meanwhile , in the over 300-paged judgment that lasted over six hours , trial Justice Banjoko said there was a nexus between Nyame and the fictitious N250 million contract awarded for the bulk purchase of stationery and office equipment .
Justice Banjoko noted that Nyame had through their then Commissioner of Finance , Alhaji Abubakar Tutare , approved a memo for that contract , which was awarded to a firm , Saman Global Ventures , on January 1 , 2005 , sidelining key officials of the Ministry of Finance in the process .
“ The defendant gave that memo life by giving their approval , ” the court held , noting that N180 million was , subsequently , diverted from the contract sum and handed to the ex-governor .
Though the court held that the evidence EFCC tendered against the ex-governor in respect of the transaction was “ circumstantial ” as no other document had their signature , apart from the memo , it , however , stressed that the manner funds were approved and released from Taraba State treasury showed that the defendant acted in breach of their oath of office .
“ It is disheartening to note that between 2004 and 2005 , the Ministry of Finance in Taraba State was specially an enclave , it was a den of criminal activities best illustrated with Ali Baba and the 40 thieves . The court finds the defendant guilty as charged . ”
Taraba residents urge them to appeal
Meanwhile , residents of the state have asked the former governor to appeal the judgment , as most of the respondents who spoke to Vanguard , accused the Federal Government of being selective in its anti corruption war .
Executive Secretary of Zing Local Government Area where Jolly Nyame hails from , Isaac Dominic Vontih , in their submission , noted with dismay the court ruling , saying the present administration is witch-hunting some selected individuals .
They said the news had destabilised activities in the entire local government area .
They said : ” What about the rest that are there ? There are some that are ministers , ambassadors and even in the House of Representatives and Senate who are being celebrated with nothing done to them . Why must it be selected individuals ? If you are fighting corruption it should start from you . ”
A close associate of the former governor , Alhaji Mohammed Umar , described the verdict as barbaric , adding that Jolly Nyame during their time as governor of Taraba laid a solid foundation which other governors after them have built on .
Commenting on the lifelines available to Jolly Nyame , another respondent , Nierus Johnson said the former governor still has windows of redress and urged them and their team of lawyers to consider testing the decision of the high court at the Court of Appeal .
“ The clear purpose of the money was diverted . There was no evidence of purchase of the stationery , ” Justice Banjoko held .
Besides , the Judge held that Nyame repeatedly approved release of funds to the firm , despite being aware that it neither purchased the stationaries nor executed any contract .
They said there was no evidence that Nyame who had within five weeks , moved over N345m from the Taraba State coffers for purchase of stationaries , made any attempt to prosecute the firm or to set up a panel of inquiry when the fraud was brought to their attention .
“ The progenitor of this impunity was no one else than the defendant himself . The defendant can not feign ignorance of this colossal fraud .
“ He who approves must be accountable to what they approved . The defendant had the dominion over the state fund and only them could say open-sesame to the vault of Taraba State . The defendant can not escape responsibility or cling to the thin plank of mere approval ” .
The court also held that the defendant “ dishonestly ” diverted public funds through the Taraba State Liaison Office , on the guise that it was used for the purchase of rice shared to their supporters .
It also held that the defendant committed “ criminal breach of trust beyond reasonable doubt ” , when they approved N111m to host guests when the Mambilla Power Project was commissioned , even as it equally found them guilty of receiving gratification to the tune of N80m .
The court said it was amazed that Nyame had in their bid to defend the charge , “ provided the entire arsenal for the prosecution ” .
It observed that the defendant admitted to certain offences , seeking at the end for a plea bargain . They were also very inconsistent especially regarding the presidential visit and the issue of security votes ” .
Nyame had after they were found them giulty , begged the court through their lawyer , to temper Justice with mercy , insisting they had no previous criminal record . They also told the court that they had dependents who rely on them for their subsistence .
The defence lawyer said the court could punish their client by imposing fine against them rather than imprisonment .
Nevertheless , EFCC 's lawyer , Oluwaleke Atolagbe , urged the court to impose the maximum sanction to serve as a deterrent to other public office holders .
Aside the former finance commissioner in Taraba State during Nyame 's tenure , Tutare , among those that testified before the court included a compliance officer with Zenith Bank Plc , Mr. Olubunmi Ogunode , as well as the Permanent Secretary to Taraba State government , Mr Dennis Okuma Nev .
Nev told the court that they were at a time , compelled to raise three separate memos for the withdrawal of N100m , which they said was used by Nyame to host former President Olusegun Obasanjo when they visited the state in 2001 .
Similarly , an Accountant with the Rural Electrification Board in Jalingo , Taraba State , Mr. Abdulrahman Mohammed , narrated before the court , how the ex-governor used their name to withdraw N282m from Zenith Bank PLC , using 20 separate cheques .
Mohammed said the illicit transactions took place between 2005 and 2007 when they functioned as an accountant in charge of Taraba State liaison office in Abuja .
Nyame had through their lawyer , Mr. Charles Edosomwan , SAN , prayed the court to strike out the charge and discharge them on the basis that the prosecution was unable to effectively discharge the burden of proof placed on it by the law .
However , in a ruling on January 14 , 2016 , Justice Banjoko held that Nyame 's contention was bereft of merit .
The Judge further dismissed a no-case-submission that was made by the defendant who contended that EFCC failed to , by way of credible evidence , nail them to the alleged fraud .
HALIFAX — Nova Scotia 's official Opposition invited grieving relatives of two men who committed suicide to the legislature today to assist the party 's case for higher funding for mental health care in Tuesday 's budget .
Karla MacFarlane , the interim leader of the Tories , said they wanted to heighten the public profile of the issue on the eve of the Liberal government 's financial plan .
They said they know of two suicides in their northeastern Nova Scotia riding which might have been prevented with better mental health services .
Robbie Weatherbee , a 57-year-old resident of New Glasgow , said during the news conference that their son-in-law should have received faster and more effective mental health services after they went to the Aberdeen Hospital in crisis on Dec. 20 , 2016 .
They and Fran Morrison , an advocate for improved mental health care , said during a news conference that they also want an independent inquiry into the hiring process of senior management at the Nova Scotia Health Authority .
MacFarlane says that the province needs a solid plan for improving its health care system , along with budgetary commitments “ to make the appropriate investments in fixing this broken system . ”
Cork County Council has warned that a proposal to extend the Cork city boundary into areas of the county is excessive and will result in a divided Cork where a weakened county council will no longer be able to sustain the provision of services to people living in more remote rural areas .
According to the council , the 116-page Report of the Expert Advisory Group on Local Government Arrangements in Cork , which proposes a near eightfold extension of Cork city that will see the city population grow by 100,000 people , represents “ a missed opportunity ” .
In a detailed response presented to members of Cork City Council , the county mayor , Cllr Séamus McGrath , and the Cork County Council chief executive , Tim Lucey , pointed out what they said were the many failings of the expert advisory group chaired by the former chief planner of Scotland , Jim Mackinnon .
The Mackinnon report – published by Minister for Housing , Planning and Local Government Simon Coveney on Friday – recommends the retention of two separate local authorities for Cork city and Cork county , with the city being granted an extension into county areas contiguous to the city .
Cork city would expand to include Douglas , Donnybrook , Grange , Frankfield , Rochestown , Cork Airport , Ballincollig , Tower , Blarney , Rathpeacon , Glanmire , Little Island and Carrigtwohill , which currently all form part of the Cork County Council administrative area .
However , the Mackinnon report recommended the retention of Passage West , Monkstown , Carrigaline and Ringaskiddy within the county council area in order to allow the greater harbour area – home to many international pharmaceutical companies – to be treated as a single economic unit .
But Cork County Council in its statement said “ the proposed boundary extension is excessive and involves the city taking in areas which are rural and not city areas ” and will result in an extremely strong city authority and a very weakened county authority .
Loss of income
Cork County Council said it was particularly concerned about the financial mechanism proposed in the Mackinnon report to compensate it for its loss in revenue from the areas to be transferred to the city and said the move would seriously undermine the council 's financial ability to provide services .
According to Mackinnon , Cork City Council would pay some €40 million per year to Cork County Council for a guaranteed period of 10 years with a review thereafter to compensate for the net loss in revenue streams from the areas to be transferred from the county to the city .
But Cork County Council said there was a need for much greater clarity on the financial reciprocation payment , including its duration , while the Mackinnon report made no provision for the loss of income to the county council from future substantial developments in the areas to be transferred .
Other issues related to outstanding debts in terms of commercial rates , local property taxes and development levies due to Cork County Council in the areas affected by the boundary change , as well as operational assets , land and buildings in these areas owned by Cork County Council , it said .
Cork County Council also pointed out the Mackinnon report made no reference to its own submission in which it argued for a “ One Cork ” approach involving a combined statutory authority but one that would allow a city council to continue with a focus solely on urban growth issues .
“ One Cork would have afforded Cork a much stronger influence at a national level in terms of competing for funding infrastructure , jobs etc . It would have allowed Cork to promote itself with clarity and confidence . . . Now national government and agencies will have to deal with two Corks . ”
And Cork County Council also warned that hitherto both city and county councils faced many common challenges but “ with an expanded city and reduced county , the extent of commonality is diminished , thereby calling into question the likelihood of continued co-operation and collaboration ” .
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — On a dreary overcast day , Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor 's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations .
Less than two weeks later , Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete .
“ The time has come , though , to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most , ” said the Republican governor , their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears . “ So for the moment , let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high . ”
Greitens ' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old , self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president .
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation , Greitens ' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it 's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill .
Greitens ' resignation also allows them to avoid the potentially dubious distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor ever impeached . A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline .
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov . Mike Parson — a former state lawmaker and sheriff — is to serve the remainder of Greitens ' term , which runs until January 2021 .
In addition to the legislative investigation , Greitens faced a felony charge in St. Louis of tampering with computer data for disclosing a donor list of The Mission Continues to their political fundraiser in 2015 without the permission of the St. Louis-based veterans ' charity they founded .
A special prosecutor from Kansas City also is weighing whether to refile a recently dismissed invasion-of-privacy charge in St. Louis alleging that Greitens took and transmitted a nonconsensual photo of a partially nude woman with whom they acknowledged having an affair in 2015 .
The St. Louis prosecutor 's office said it had reached a “ fair and just resolution ” on criminal charges against Greitens now that he 's leaving office , and that more details would be made public Wednesday . But the special prosecutor from Kansas City said Tuesday that their investigation is ongoing .
Greitens could face other investigations . The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman 's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor .
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list .
On May 17 , Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that would n't give up .
“ No matter what they throw at me , no matter how painful they try to make it , no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through … we are going to step forward day after day , and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri , ” Greitens said then .
On Tuesday , Greitens remained defiant even while resigning .
“ I am not perfect . But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment , ” they said . “ I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history . ”
Greitens is a married father of two young sons . They are a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy . After being wounded in Iraq , they founded a veterans ' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker .
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016 , winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor 's mansion for the first time in eight years .
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda , once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as “ career politicians . ”
Their support in the Capitol unraveled further after the night of Jan. 10 , when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman 's ex-husband . In that , the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands , blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter . Greitens denied threatening blackmail , but has n't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo .
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo . That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee .
In April , the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained , slapped , shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid . Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a “ political witch hunt. ” They vowed to stay in office .
But Greitens ' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley — who is running for McCaskill 's seat — referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list .
A May 2 House committee report indicated that Greitens themselves received the donor list while CEO of the charity and later directed political aides to work off it . Shortly before Greitens resigned Tuesday , the House panel heard a second round of testimony from former aide Michael Hafner about the charity donor list and other efforts by Greitens ' campaign to conceal the original source of some political donations .
Earlier Tuesday , a judge also ruled that a secretive pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri must comply with a legislative subpoena for documents . The legislative panel also had subpoenaed other Greitens ' campaign aides .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Public health , nonprofit and law enforcement representatives talk about challenges they face and the efforts already under way
The threat of wildfires and other natural disasters have become realities during the past decade , and on Monday , Santa Barbara County officials met with Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , to discuss how to address those events in the future .
County and city fire officials and representatives of public health , law enforcement and the nonprofit sector made up the dozen or so people seated for the roundtable discussion organized by Capps to look at disaster preparedness in the area . The group met at the American Red Cross-Santa Barbara County building on State Street .
September is Disaster Preparedness Month , and Capps , who returns to Washington , D.C. , on Tuesday , touted the strengths of local authorities as they plan .
“ You ca n't prepare a community from D.C. , ” they said , adding that the region has a history of natural disasters , and “ people are asking , ‘ Are we prepared ? ' ”
The region has “ unsolved challenges , ” according to Capps , including infrastructure limitations . Nearly all of the South Coast 's water supply is delivered by one conduit from the Santa Ynez Valley . If that waterway were to become damaged or destroyed during a disaster , the region 's water access would be cut off .
Preparing for disasters is n't easy even during good economic times , and the sentiment of doing more with less was echoed throughout the meeting by various officials .
But bright spots exist . County supervisors will get a tour on Tuesday of the new emergency operations center at 4408 Cathedral Oaks Road , which will serve as a central headquarters for coordination during any future disasters . Community Emergency Response Team ( CERT ) training is also gathering steam in the county and trains citizens to respond in disaster situations , often times before first responders are able to arrive , according to County Fire Chief Michael Dyer .
CERT training is not only critical to individuals , but to businesses as well , said Michael Harris of the County Office of Emergency Services .
“ That is a true return on investment , ” they said .
After a natural disaster hits , affected businesses fail about 85 percent of the time , Harris said , adding that the group Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster is trying to coordinate with regional chambers of commerce about the benefits of disaster preparedness to businesses .
Santa Barbara Fire Chief Andrew DiMizio said budget struggles at the city level have left challenges for the department , including having to eliminate a public education coordinator .
Montecito Fire Protection District community coordinator Jackie Jenkins said that six months before the Tea Fire , a large evacuation of the Montecito area was held , giving residents a clear idea of what an evacuation should look like .
“ It could have been a lot worse with the Tea Fire ” had the drill not been held , they said .
Voices from the nonprofit community were also heard Monday .
Red Cross-Santa Barbara County Chapter Executive Director Julie McGovern and the Unity Shoppe 's Tom Reed also spoke , with Reed serving a dual role on the board of the Santa Barbara County VOAD .
The Tea Fire left many nonprofits , including the Unity Shoppe , in disarray .
“ When ( the fire ) happened , it was utter chaos , ” Reed said .
The shop had an influx of donations comes in for fire victims , but much of what was being brought in ended up in the dump because they were n't the type of items needed at the time . They said VOAD seeks to coordinate those multiagency efforts by working from the bottom up .
Capps asked officials to offer feedback about what they can do to help as their representative in D.C. , and encouraged them to keep planning .
“ This is not a time to sit on our laurels , ” they said . “ We 've got more things coming to be ready for . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Hemp or pot : What 's the difference ?
Now that SC farmers can grow industrial hemp , how well do you know your cannabis ?
ISTANBUL ( AP ) — A trial has begun in Turkey against dozens of suspects , including the alleged shooter in the New Year 's Eve attack that left 39 people dead in Istanbul .
Fifty-seven suspects , mostly foreigners and 51 of them behind bars , were on trial Monday on the outskirts of Istanbul .
Albulkadir Masharipov — the lead suspect — is charged with membership in a terror group , murder , attempting to overthrow the constitutional order , among other charges . The prosecutor is seeking multiple aggravated life sentences .
On Jan. 1 , an assailant shot their way into Istanbul 's Reina nightclub where hundreds were partying . The assailant escaped and the Islamic State group claimed the attack . Masharipov was caught 15 days later .
Advertisement
Turkey has been hit by a string of attacks since 2015 , blamed on Kurdish militants and IS .
Digital Radio Frequency Memory ( DRFM ) is an electronic method for digitally capturing and retransmitting RF signal . DRFMs are mainly used in radar jamming , although applications in cellular communications are becoming common . The most significant feature of DRFM is that it is coherent with the source of the received signal , even after being a digital duplicate of the received signal , along with no signal degradation . The growth of digital radio frequency memory market is influenced by the factors such as , technological advancements in military radars , rising cross-boundary disputes leading to increase in usage of military EW systems , advent of cognitive electronic warfare technology , reduction in defense expenditure of developed nations , and prohibition on the usage of jammers for civilian applications . The players involved in the DRFM market value chain are expected to witness humongous opportunities due to the development of DRFM-based jammers for UAV applications . Moreover , market players are adopting strategies such as agreements & partnerships , new product developments , contracts , and business expansions to strengthen their positions in the market .
Digital Radio Frequency Memory Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on architecture , sector , application , and region .
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period ( 2017-2024 ) .
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed .
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics ( drivers , restraints & opportunities ) and their impact analysis for the forecast period .
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities .
• Porter 's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment .
• Identification of the digital radio frequency memory market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators .
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the digital radio frequency memory industry based on their strategic attempts , financial status , and other internal and external parameters .
Request Sample Copy of the Report @ www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/digital-radio-frequency-memory-market/request-sample
Digital Radio Frequency Memory Market Segmentation
By Architecture
Memory
• Processor
• Modulator
• Convertor
• Others
By Sector
Defense
• Commercial & Civil
By Application
Electronic Warfare
• Radar Test & Evaluation
• Electronic Warfare Training
• Radio & Cellular Network Jamming
Digital Radio Frequency Memory Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report , we offer 20 % of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client 's interest in the digital radio frequency memory market . Following are some most desired customization offers on this report :
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client 's research requirements .
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments ( as per request ) .
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request .
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on digital radio frequency memory market covering specific country/region only .
• Requests for data tables only ( specific requirement to quantitative research ) .
Request for Customized Report @ www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/digital-radio-frequency-memory-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity , extensive research , and infallibility . We provide syndicated market research reports , customization services , and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges . We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics .
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world . A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments . The research reports offering market forecasts , market entry strategies , and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential .
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East , # 206 , Washington , NJ 07882
Tel : 1-908-379-7709
Fax : 1-908-379-7709
Email : help @ esticastresearch.com
LAGOS State Government has embarked on massive installation of street lights at dark spots as well as inner streets to enhance security and boost night economy in the state . The State Commissioner for Energy , Adewale Oluwo , disclosed this at a stakeholders ' meeting in their office at Alausa , Ikeja .
Oluwo said the measure was part of efforts to eliminate the activities of hoodlums and miscreant who are fond of using dark spots to perpetrate evil , thus affecting commercial activities at night . According to him , many communities which hitherto , had been without electricity have been successfully connected .
Also , they said that major roads , pedestrian walkways and under bridges in various parts of Lagos have been lit within the last 12 months , adding , “ the State government adopted the management of all street light within Lagos , irrespective of legacy ownership through Ministry of Energy to ensure uniformity of standards , and sustainable approach to monitoring and maintaining of installation . Some of the street lights have to be connected to the Independent Power Plant , IPP , at Alausa , Mainland and Lekki to save cost and ensure efficiency . ”
Actress Katrina Kaif
Bollywood actor Katrina Kaif who signed up as the face of Dubai fashion brand Splash last year , will be at a fashion show to showcase the label 's latest collection on February 23 at Mall of the Emirates . Kaif , who joined superstar Salman Khan as ambassador , will walk the catwalk at the event , which is free to attend .
“ I am very happy to represent the brand as an ambassador for the Middle East , a region that has given me and my movies so much love and support , ” Kaif said of their association in August .
The Splash fashion show is scheduled to start at 6.30pm at Mall of the Emirates ' South Galleria .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Allegations about the mass harvesting of Facebook users ' information are `` very concerning '' , Downing Street has said amid further allegations against data firm Cambridge Analytica ( CA ) .
Prime Minister Theresa May 's official spokesperson called on the social media giant and CA to co-operate fully with an investigation by Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham .
Meanwhile , further details about the firm 's activities included claims the company offered to entrap politicians and used ex-spies to dig for dirt on potential targets .
An undercover investigation by Channel 4 recorded CA 's chief executive Alexander Nix suggesting ways they could help a potential client .
A reporter posing as a fixer for a wealthy client hoping to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka met with Mr Nix and other senior figures from CA .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Asked about what `` deep digging '' could be done , Mr Nix told the reporter : `` Oh , we do a lot more than that .
`` I mean deep digging is interesting but you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that 's too good to be true , and make sure that that 's video recorded , you know , these sorts of tactics are very effective instantly having video evidence of corruption , putting it on the internet , these sorts of things . ''
Mr Nix said they could `` send some girls around to the candidate 's house '' , adding that Ukrainian girls `` are very beautiful , I find that works very well '' , Channel 4 reported .
CA told the broadcaster : `` We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment , bribes or so-called honeytraps for any purpose whatsoever . ''
The firm added : `` Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose . ''
CA was suspended from Facebook last week after it emerged that data on millions of users had not been destroyed as agreed .
Whistleblower Chris Wylie , a former research director at the UK-based company , told Channel 4 News a so-called data grab had been carried out on more than 50 million profiles in 2014 .
Reports in The Observer suggested that the information was used to target political advertising in the 2016 US presidential election - something denied by CA .
Damian Collins , chairperson of the House of Commons Digital , Culture , Media and Sport Committee , has called on Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to appear before MPs to explain their company 's actions .
Asked about the reports , Mrs May 's spokesperson said : `` The allegations are clearly very concerning .
`` It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way .
`` It is absolutely right that the Information Commissioner is investigating this matter .
`` We expect Facebook , Cambridge Analytica and all the organisations involved to co-operate fully . ''
In a response to its suspension from Facebook , CA said it fully complied with Facebook 's terms of service .
In a statement it said that : `` In 2014 we received Facebook data and derivatives of Facebook data from another company , GSR , that we engaged in good faith to legally supply data for research .
`` After it subsequently became known that GSR had broken its contract with Cambridge Analytica because it had not adhered to data protection regulation , Cambridge Analytica deleted all the Facebook data and derivatives , in cooperation with Facebook .
`` This Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign ; personality targeted advertising was not carried out for this client either . ''
Information Commissioner Ms Denham said they were applying for a warrant to investigate CA 's activities .
They said : `` This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously . ''
Charlotte Mangold , almost three , is happy to announce that they are a big sister ! Hans Matthias Mangold was born on Sept. 13 , 2017 . They weighed 9 lbs . 8 oz . and was 21 1/2 inches long . They are the children of Tim and Michelle Kurt-Mangold of Dubuque , Iowa . Proud grandparents are Ivan and Bette Kurt of Cascade , Iowa and Wayne and Mary Mangold of Plevna .
Related
According to a new market report published by Credence Research “ Global Lyocell Fiber Market Growth , Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis , 2017 – 2025 , ” the Lyocell Fiber market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 8.9 % from 2017 to 2025 . Increasing demand for lyocell fibers in apparel applications spurs the market growth .
Market Insights
Lyocell fiber is a form of regenerated cellulose fibers obtained by bleaching pulp of wood . U.S. Federal Trade Commission ( USFTC ) has further defined lyocell as a fiber made up of cellulose by precipitating it from an organic solution which does not lead to the formation of any chemical intermediates . Lyocell fiber clothing remains odor-free even after multiple wearings and are much stronger than cotton .
Browse the full Lyocell Fiber Market by Product ( Staple Fiber and Cross-Linked Fiber ) Application ( Apparel , Home Textiles , Surgical Products , Baby Diapers and Others ) – Market Growth , Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis , 2017 – 2025 report at http : //www.credenceresearch.com/report/lyocell-fiber-market
Lyocell being stronger than other rayon fibers has found increased prominence into non-woven products such as surgical products , home textiles and baby diapers , thus increasing the demand for Lyocell in the forecast years . Currently , Lyocell fibers are widely incorporated in casual and corporate apparels due to the fact that lyocell provides same attributes as that of cotton . The enhanced super absorbent , smooth and silky property of these fibers has further increased its demand in hygiene products such as wipes and diapers , thereby escalating the market growth .
The apparel segment application is projected to dominate the market growth . Changing fashion trends has increased the adoption of Lyocell fibers in high quality textile manufacturing . Moreover , superior properties of Lyocell as compared to cotton such as natural breathability , biodegradability and better moisture absorption property has increased its utilization in apparel clothing . Furthermore , Lyocell fibers products are marketed as natural and safe on social media leading to increased adoption among young generation , concerned for wearing “ Green ” . This has further turned out to be the prime factor driving demand for eco-friendly fibers such as Lyocell fibers .
Download Sample : http : //www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58926
Competitive Insights
Lyocell market structure is characterized by the presence of few key players which are not vertically integrated . For instance , Lenzing AG do not manufacture their own fibers , they procure lyocell fibers from suppliers for manufacturing clothes . Therefore , market is having low entry barriers and makes it easy for non-integrated players to enter resulting in high competition . Major key players present in the market include Lenzing AG , Chon Bang Company Limited , Smart Fiber AG , Qingdao Textiles Group Fiber Technology Co. , Ltd. , China Populus Textile Ltd. , Akzo Nobel , Weiqiao Textile Company Limited , Aditya Birla Group , and Acelon Chemicals & Fiber Corporation .
Key Trends
Increasing demand for Lyocell fiber based home textiles .
Rising prominence of eco-friendly textiles .
Asia Pacific offers huge potential for apparel manufacturing of Lyocell fibers .
Latest Reports :
Smart Grid Managed Services Market
AMBULATORY CARE SERVICES MARKET
Smart Wallets Market
Hyaluronic Acid Market
About Us :
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations , governments , non-legislative associations , and not-for-benefits . We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives . Over almost a century , we 've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared for this task .
Blog : http : //aboveknowledge.com
Media Contact
Name : Chris Smith
Address : 105 N 1st ST # 429 ,
SAN JOSE , CA 95103 US
E-mail : sales @ credenceresearch.com
Ph . : 1-800-361-8290
Website : http : //www.credenceresearch.com
Arlington Heights housing , retail project to be done early next year
hello
A rendering of the Parkview Apartment project in Arlington Heights that is set to be complete in early 2018 . Courtesy of McShane Construction
A new construction company has been hired to finish the seven-story Parkview Apartment project in downtown Arlington Heights .
Rosemont-based McShane Construction Company said it is working for UP Development to finish the seven-story building that is under construction on a prominent site at the southwest corner of Dunton Avenue and Eastman Street , across from Hancock Square and near the Arlington Heights Metra Station .
The Parkview Apartments will incorporate 45 apartments , ground-floor retail , parking and sustainable features for National Green Building Standards certification .
The project , which was approved in February 2015 , has been delayed . Lenox Hill Construction in New Lenox was the original contractor , said Bill Enright , deputy director of planning for the village of Arlington Heights . They were not sure why a new contractor was hired and McShane officials did not want to discuss the issue .
`` It is a good project for downtown . The foundation has been poured and they have started work on the first floor , '' Enright said .
Jeffrey A. Raday , president of McShane Construction , said they expect the development should be complete early next year .
They said the building will complement the surrounding area with classic Chicago architecture using exterior granite , masonry and cast stone detailing . Residences will be on the upper five floors while the second floor and a portion of the first floor will consist of secured parking for 58 vehicles . The first floor will have 1,314 square feet of retail space .
The property will offer 15 one- , 25 two- and five three-bedroom apartments , each with an open floor plan and private balcony . A community room and fitness center is part of the plan .
At least 15 percent , or a minimum of seven apartments , will be set aside for residents who qualify under affordable housing guidelines .
The village defines `` affordable '' as housing for a person or household earning 60 percent of the median income for the area . While the village 's housing commission has guidelines that developers include affordable units in all new projects , many pay a penalty to avoid doing so . Village officials say there is a strong need for affordable housing , which is different from low-income .
`` McShane Construction is pleased to have been selected by UP Development for the delivery of this new mixed-use project in Arlington Heights . Our expertise and long-standing working relationship with this respected developer will support our client in filling the void of quality mixed-income housing in the area , '' Raday said .
Arlington Heights-basedTinaglia Architects Inc. is providing the architectural services for project .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Shotcrete Accelerator Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report BASF SE , Sika AG , Denka , Mapei SpA , GCP Applied Technologies , Mc-Bauchemie , Basalite Concrete Products , The Euclid Chemical Company , Chryso Group ( Cinven ) , Fosroc , Normet , Sobule New Materials , CICO Technologies , MUHU ( China ) , ATEK Fine Chemical , Cormix International , Kurita .
The report begins with introducing the global Shotcrete Accelerator market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Shotcrete Accelerator report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-shotcrete-accelerator-market/5937/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Shotcrete Accelerator Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Liquid Accelerator , Powdered Accelerator .
Shotcrete Accelerator Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Mining and Tunneling , Construction Repair Works , Water Retaining Structures , Others .
Key points in the Shotcrete Accelerator Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-shotcrete-accelerator-market/5937/ # inquiry
From all of this Shotcrete Accelerator market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Shotcrete Accelerator market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Shotcrete Accelerator distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
In February , after almost two years worth of six-hour workdays , nurses at the
Svartedalens elderly care facility in Gothenburg , Sweden went back to eight-hour shifts - despite recently published research showing the benefits of the shortened workdays .
The City of Gothenburg did n't extend the experiment in part because funding ran out . It cost about 12 million kronor ( $ 1.3 million ) to hire the 17 extra staff members needed to fill the gaps created by shorter work hours . The city had only budgeted for two years , and legislators said it would be too expensive to implement the project across the entire municipality . So , for now , the project has come to an end .
Yet , there are longer term savings the study did n't take into account . Working shorter hours resulted in healthier workers , researcher Bengt Lorentzon found in a new paper .
“ They were less tired , less sick , had more energy coming home and more time to do activities , ” said Lorentzon . Specifically , the nurses took fewer sick days than they did when working longer , eight-hour days . They also took fewer sick days than nurses in the control group . In fact , they took fewer sick days than nurses across the entire city of Gothenburg . Overall , they took 4.7 per cent fewer sick days over the period of the experiment , while nurses in the control group took 62.5 per cent more sick days over the same time frame .
Nurses who worked fewer hours took less unexpected time off , too . While the study found health and productivity benefits , it did n't measure the potential long term cost savings of healthier nurses . But one thing is clear , Lorentzon says : These improved attitudes and health led to higher quality care at the nursing home.In general , the working population of nurses in Sweden are in worse health than the average Swede . The women in the facility have higher body mass indices than the average worker , for example . While the study did n't run long enough to fully measure health effects of shorter days , the research indicates nurses working only six hours will experience permanent health benefits , resulting in savings .
“ The satisfactory blood pressure is slightly lower for nurses at Svartedalens and the reference facility in comparison to the normal value for all professional women , ” the study found . Healthier employees spend half as much on health care , a new study published in Mayo Clinic Proceedings found . Looking at 10,000 employees at a health system in Florida , researchers found that those who were in “ ideal ” cardiovascular health , using the American Hearth Association 's Life 's Simple 7 measurement , spent $ 4,000 a year less on health care costs than those in “ poor ” heart health . “ A more complete analysis [ OF SWEDEN ] would include the upside of having done it , ” said Eduardo Sanchez , one of the authors of the American study and Chief Medical Officer for Prevention at the American Heart Association . “ The question is what were they measuring in terms of cost and what was included and what was n't included ? ”
The Svartedalens experiment did n't calculate the health savings cost of healthier nurses at all , let alone consider long term savings . The nurses working six hour days reported having more energy and less stress during the trial . Sanchez points to research that 's found that people who feel good about their employer deliver better results at work .
“ You 're going to be a better nurse when you have good feelings about your employer , ” they said . Other Swedish municipalities have started their own experiments on workforces with high burnout and poor health , but short-term costs remain their ultimate nemesis . Also , some studies conducted before the Gothenburg trial had less encouraging results than those at Svartedalens . But even more daunting is the political reality facing such projects : The Left Party , which is behind the move away from 40 hour weeks , got only 6 per cent of the vote in Sweden 's last general election . Conservative politicians have already expressed opposition to the shortened workday , and even tried to shut down the Svartedalens experiment one year into its tenure .
In the US , some companies spend hundreds of dollars per employee on workplace wellness programs , hoping to save money on healthcare while maintaining productivity , albeit with the understanding that the eight-hour day should be viewed as a minimum at best . Maybe the solution is n't step challenges and diet contests , but shorter workdays .
Bloomberg
New Delhi 3rd February 2018 : A rare form of cancer , affecting only about 2,000 people in India per year , Retinoblastoma , is the most common among the cancers of the eye in children under the age of five . About 92 % of such children live in the developing nations . Many children lose their eyesight or die from this cancer due to lack of awareness of the initial signs of presentation , poor access to proper treatment or lack of finances to finish the treatment .
Retinoblastoma is a cancer that starts in the retina , the very back part of the eye . It occurs when nerve cells in the retina develop genetic mutations . These mutations cause the cells to continue growing and multiplying when healthy cells would die . This accumulating mass of cells forms a tumor .
Speaking about this , Padma Shri Awardee Dr K K Aggarwal , President Heart Care Foundation of India ( HCFI ) and Immediate Past National President Indian Medical Association ( IMA ) , said , “ In children with retinoblastoma , the disease often affects only one eye . However , one out of three children with retinoblastoma develops cancer in both eyes . One of the first common signs of this cancer is a visible whiteness in the pupil called ‘ cat 's eye reflex ' or leukocoria . This becomes more noticeable in dim light or in photographs taken with a flash . On World Cancer Day , it is important to raise awareness on the fact that Retinoblastoma is often curable when it is diagnosed early . However , if it is not treated promptly , this cancer can spread beyond the eye to other parts of the body . This advanced form of retinoblastoma can be life-threatening . ”
Some other symptoms of this condition include poorly aligned or “ wandering ” eye , known as strabismus ; reddish pupil , often with pain ; larger-than-normal pupil ; different-colored irises ; and poor vision or decreased vision .
Adding further , Dr Aggarwal , who is also the Group Editor of IJCP , said , “ When retinoblastoma is suspected , a pediatric ophthalmologist examines the retina by dilating the eye , sometimes under general anesthesia . They may also prescribe some imaging tests , like an ultrasound of the eye , a computerized tomography ( CT ) scan , or magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) , as well as blood tests . ”
People with retinoblastoma may want to consider genetic counseling before having children to learn more about the risks of passing on the gene change and perhaps to explore ways to avoid this . If a preventive option is not used , children born to a parent with a history of retinoblastoma should be screened for this cancer starting shortly after birth because early detection of this cancer greatly improves the chance for successful treatment .
One of the focus of the year ling 25th years of Perfect Health Mela Celebrations will be on retinoblastoma awareness .
Students may have been somewhat surprised to find that the American and French revolutions did not appear on this year 's Junior Cert history higher-level paper , while the age of exploration only featured very briefly .
Philip Irwin , a history teacher at The High School in Rathgar , Dublin 6 , said this may have disappointed some students .
“ Overall , however , there was good balance and variety on the paper , starting with Newgrange and moving through to medieval Trim and then onto a Hitler Youth rally . It is quite a long syllabus and there is a lot to cover . ”
Students were asked to answer questions on women in ancient civilisations , craftsmen in medieval towns , and a settler in plantation Ireland .
They were also asked to write about an Irish political leader of their choice between 1960 and 1985 .
Mr Irwin said that questions on the role of women in Calvinism during the Reformation and in the Renaissance were particularly interesting and would have been thought-provoking for students .
The ordinary level paper featured questions on anti-Irish racism in 19th century America , Dublin at Halloween time and former taoiseach Bertie Ahern .
Mr Irwin said that there was a good range of questions , ranging from crannogs through to the Renaissance and beyond .
Try this at home : Junior Cert history
- Give one reason why fascism became popular in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s .
- Give one reason why major European powers were willing to appease Hitler during the 1930s .
Royal Bank of Scotland to launch direct lending service
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Inaugural list of MarTech pioneers honors Sarig 's passion for data-driven marketing and groundbreaking use of artificial intelligence
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Datorama , a leading global marketing intelligence company , today announced that its CEO and Co-founder , Ran Sarig , has been named a 2017 Marketing Technology Trailblazer by Advertising Age . This inaugural designation recognizes influencers and luminaries from a cross-section of brands , agencies , vendors and more who are actively advancing the art and science of marketing via technology .
Having previously worked in the advertising technology industry as a research and development leader who saw the seemingly insurmountable problems associated with marketing data firsthand , Sarig co-founded Datorama in 2012 due to the distinct challenge that needed to be solved . Throughout 2016 , Sarig has led the Datorama team to keep pushing the boundaries of the art of possible within the MarTech space . By doing so , they have helped the company continue to deliver on the promise of artificial intelligence as it confronts the challenges modern marketers face on a daily basis . No longer are Datorama customers burdened by their marketing data as they now take a centralized marketing analytics approach with the Marketing Integration Engine acting as their single source of truth .
In the past year , Sarig has been critical to the Datorama team further expanding upon the marketing intelligence platform 's feature set . These developments have helped the Marketing Integration Engine achieve an unprecedented level of robustness and usefulness for its customers . Turnkey integration with Slack provides Datorama users the opportunity to collaborate in real time within analytics dashboards . A partnership agreement with LiveRamp allows Datorama users to leverage IdentityLink to capitalize on people-based marketing analytics . The development of `` Ask Datorama Anything '' made the Datorama platform one of the first to integrate Amazon 's Alexa voice service , which opens up a new world of intuitive insights that happen at the speed of conversation .
In addition , Datorama has been recognized as a Deloitte Rising Star for two consecutive years . This designation is based on two-year revenue growth rate calculations . Datorama was named a 2016 Rising Star with an impressive 211 percent figure , and was awarded the same honor in 2015 with a stellar 694 percent growth rate .
`` It is humbling to be honored among such an excellent cast of senior MarTech leaders . Right now we 're at a critical moment with technology driving the evolution of marketing and it 's exciting to be recognized as a force behind this seismic shift , '' said Datorama CEO and Co-founder , Ran Sarig . `` My team and I are motivated to continue pushing the limits so we can further empower marketers in 2017 . ''
`` This is such a dynamic and evolving space that it is difficult to rise above the competition , '' said Judann Pollack , Deputy Editor of Advertising Age . `` Those who have made Ad Age 's Marketing Trailblazers list are those who are succeeding in a crowded landscape and worth watching in the future . ''
Datorama works with more than 2,000 brands , and over 300 agencies , publishers and technology companies . Global customers include Ticketmaster , Foursquare , Yahoo ! JAPAN , GoDaddy and many more . In a commissioned study by Forrester Consulting on behalf of Datorama , Forrester discovered a Total Economic Impact benefit over $ 9.8MM for a single enterprise . In addition , Datorama was identified as a 2016 Gartner Cool Vendor in Data-Driven Marketing , in part , due to the Marketing Integration Engine 's functionally distinct capability .
About Datorama
Datorama is a global marketing intelligence company providing the world 's first Marketing Integration Engine for enterprises , agencies , publishers and platforms . Datorama 's software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) platform gives marketers the ability to connect all of their data sources together -- whether it 's a handful or hundreds -- to form a single source of truth for more efficient reporting , better decision making , and total control over their marketing performance , impact and customer experience . Datorama 's best-in-class combination of end-to-end data management , machine learning ( AI ) technology , and high-performance architecture makes it simple for data-driven marketers of all experience levels to connect , unify , analyze , visualize and act on all of their marketing data .
Datorama powers marketing intelligence for thousands of leading organizations and has a global presence with 14 offices worldwide . To learn more about Datorama , please visit : https : //datorama.com/ .
The family of a young woman seriously injured in the same incident in which Garda Tony Golden was murdered in 2015 are “ surprised ” at the level of questioning they faced at Garda Golden 's inquest on Monday .
Seán Phillips , father of Siobhán Phillips , who was shot in the face by their partner Adrian Crevan Mackin , said the family was happy the inquest went ahead in Dundalk but had now called for Mackin 's inquest to be postponed .
They have reiterated their call for a “ full public inquiry ” into the incident in Omeath , Co Louth on October 11th , 2015 and has called for their family 's “ full participation ” in Mackin 's inquest . It was due to take place on May 29th but coroner Ronan Maguire has agreed to postpone it .
“ It wo n't be heard on May 29th now . I will be meeting the solicitors for the interested parties in the next week to discuss the parameters of the inquest , ” Mr Maguire told The Irish Times .
Mr Phillips and their wife , Norma ( not Siobhán 's mother ) , faced robust questioning from solicitor James McGuill , for Garda Golden 's widow , Nicola Golden , at the inquest .
Mr McGuill put it to Mr Phillips , who was on the stand for more than two hours , that they had been repeatedly setting out scenarios about the incident that were “ untrue ” and very hurtful to Garda Golden 's colleagues and their family .
They have raised questions about why a statement was not taken from their daughter when they had been seriously assaulted , and raised the possibility that there was a reluctance because Mackin was a Garda informer
Garda Golden was shot five times by Mackin when they accompanied Ms Phillips to their home in Omeath to retrieve their belongings . They had endured a severe beating two nights before , over an eight-hour period .
Medical attention
When Mr Phillips brought their daughter to Dundalk Garda Station the day after the assault to make a statement , the inquest heard that they were advised they should seek medical attention before making any statement .
Mr Phillips said they found this “ baffling ” at the time as they had expected Mackin to be taken into custody as they were at the time on bail on a charge of membership of a dissident republican organisation .
They have raised questions about why a statement was not taken from their daughter when they had been seriously assaulted , and raised the possibility that there was a reluctance because Mackin was a Garda informer .
Mr McGuill told the inquest Ms Phillips knew Mackin had access to guns and yet returned to the house with Garda Golden .
Mr Phillips is calling for Mackin 's inquest to comply with Articles 2,3 and 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights – covering the right to life , the right to be protected from torture and the right to privacy , and asked that their family have the right to receive disclosure , question witnesses , suggest themes and lines of inquiry and have wider issues examined .
They said last night : “ We are not afraid of the truth . That is all we want and it 's what we need . Norma and I are of the firm belief that any such inquest must be Article 2 compliant and the truth can only be achieved by both an Article 2 compliant inquest and a public inquiry . ”
Anonymous activists claim to have taken over white supremacist website , The Daily Stormer , in the name of Heather Heyer , and threatened to shut it down within 24 hours .
The group posted a message on the hate-filled site on Monday , saying it is `` now under the control of Anonymous '' .
`` We have taken this site in the name of Heather Heyer a victim of white supremacist terrorism . For too long The Daily Stormer and Andrew Anglin have spewed their putrid hate on this site , '' [ sic ] it said , news.com.au reported .
`` That will not be happening anymore '' .
Advertisement
The group claimed it has gathered `` locational data '' on the website founder , neo-Nazi Andrew Anglin and was `` sending our allies '' to pay them a visit .
`` The events of Charlottesville alerted us to the need for immediate action . ''
`` We want you Nazis to know : Your time is short '' it said , using the hashtag # Tangodown .
The group said `` hackers of the world have united in defence of the Jewish people . You should have expected us '' .
It vowed to leave the site live for 24 hours before shutting it down permanently .
The cyberattack comes following large protests across the US against fascism and racism after Heather Heyers and two others were killed at a protest in Charlottesville , Virginia where white supremacist groups clashed with counter-protesters .
Heyers was struck when a car drove at speed into a group of anti-racism protesters . Them friend , Marissa Blair called it an `` act of terror '' as the driver `` barrelled down '' and accelerated .
Twenty-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. is charged with second-degree murder and other counts in the car crash . They could also face federal charges , depending on the outcome of an FBI investigation .
The Daily Stormer had previously advertised an `` ignite the right '' protest for Saturday in Charlottesville with the slogan `` you will not replace us '' .
Anglin live-blogged the weekends events and encouraged those in Charlottesville to `` go out and enjoy yourselves '' after the events .
`` This was a weird day , a historic day , and day on which all things have been permanently changed , '' they wrote . `` And it is mostly changed for the better .
`` If you 're at a bar in a group , random girls will want to have sex with you . Because you 're the bad boys . The ultimate enemy of the state . Every girl on the planet wants your dick now . ''
They also warned people they are `` now at war '' .
`` There will be more events . Soon . We are going to start doing this non-stop . Across the country . I 'm going to arrange them myself . Others will too , I 'm sure , but I 'm telling you now : I am going to start arranging my own events . We are going to go bigger than Charlottesville . We are going to go huge . ''
Social media users praised Anonymous for their actions under what they have dubbed `` OpKKK '' and `` OpResistance '' .
Go Daddy said it was going to give `` Daily Stormer '' 24 hours to move . Anonymous was like `` nah f that '' and took the whole site 😂 # TangoDown — Jazziefbaby ( @ lovelyjay0001 ) August 14 , 2017
The shocking events have led to criticism of President Trump for failing to condemn white supremacist groups or label the killing an act of terror .
Trump 's initial response to the crisis was to condemn violence `` on many sides '' .
A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups , but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself .
`` The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups , '' it said .
Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , said Sunday that they considered the attack to be terrorism . On Saturday , Trump had not responded to reporters ' shouted questions about terrorism .
`` I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , '' McMaster told ABC 's `` This Week . ''
`` It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ''
Research shows dancing is good for the body and the mind , especially for older adults
Dance is an art form that generally refers to the rhythmic movement of the body to music . It is used as a form of expression , for social interaction and sometimes in a performance setting . But did you know that dance is also good medicine ?
More and more studies are finding that dancing is good for the body and the mind , especially for older adults . Research has shown that dancing can improve aerobic ability , endurance , strength , balance , agility and gait . All of which lead to increased mobility and a reduced risk of falls and fractures .
Some studies have even associated dancing with a lowered risk of dementia because of the mental challenge of following dance steps and moving with the rhythm of the music . Because there are so many styles of dance there is something for everyone — no matter your interests or abilities . And best of all , dancing is fun !
With all the ways that dancing can improve your quality of life , what are you waiting for ? It 's time to hit the dance floor .
The branches of the Channel Islands YMCA offer a variety of dance classes for all ages . Click here or contact a local YMCA branch .
» Camarillo Family YMCA , 3111 Village at the Park Drive , 805.484.0423
» Lompoc Family YMCA , 201 W. College Ave. , 805.736.3483
» Montecito Family YMCA , 591 Santa Rosa Lane , 805.969.3288
» Santa Barbara Family YMCA , 36 Hitchcock Way , 805.687.7727
» Stuart C. Gildred YMCA , 900 N. Refugio Road , Santa Ynez , 805.686.2037
» Ventura Family YMCA , 3760 Telegraph Road , 805.642.2131
— Lynnette Ferrari is the Activate America coordinator for the Channel Islands YMCA .
As the final horn blew on the Vegas Golden Knights Game 5 win in Winnipeg , Golden Knights General Manager George McPhee was all smiles as they hugged their assistant . But Monday afternoon , McPhee was all business .
`` You get through the evening , you get through part of today , and suddenly the focus shifts to the next team , '' McPhee said . `` There is n't a lot of time to enjoy it . ''
But who will that team be ? Monday the Washington Capitals beat the Tampa Bay Lightning , tying up the Eastern Conference Final at three games and forcing a Game 7 , scheduled for Wednesday . The Golden Knights swept both teams during the regular season , going 2-0 against the Capitals and the Lightning .
Even though the team does n't know who they 'll face off against on Monday , they 've been preparing for the historic series .
`` We 'll approach the series like we 've approached every game and just try to win the next game , and that 's what we 're going to do , '' McPhee said . `` It 's worked all year long and hopefully it can work another couple of weeks . ''
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Introduction
High Velocity Oxygen Fuel coating is a process of thermal spray coating which is used to develop or restore a component 's surface dimensions or properties , thus prolonging equipment life by significantly increasing wear resistance , erosion , and corrosion protection . To produce an exceptional coating hardness , for metals , alloys and ceramics , high velocity oxygen fuel coating is considered as one of the best option in coating industry . HVOF coating provide substantial wear resistance , outstanding adhesion to the substrate material . Increasing demand of thermal sprays upsurges the high value growth of HVOF coating market . Owing to the HVOF coating properties and numerous applications for metals and alloys , this become a most potential method for producing a well adherent coating with low porosity . HVOF process is considered as a prominent method for those materials which are very sensitive to the phase transformation owing to oxidation and evaporation . This process of coating is provided solution for the aerospace and industrial customers to coat aircraft and industrial parts . There are a number of market players spent enormous amount of capital on research and development facility to improve HVOF coating efficiency and sustain an effective position in the market .
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel ( HVOF ) coating market : Market dynamics :
Increasing demand of HVOF coating is because of growing usage of thermal spraying in automotive and aerospace industry as a replacement of hard chrome coating . Aerospace industry is accounted for high market share in high velocity oxygen fuel coating market , owing to its properties of providing improved performance , electrical properties , efficiency and improved life of mating components . HVOF coating process is the finest coating for those material which are sensitive to the phase oxidation . Diversified application of HVOF coating in aerospace and equipment industry for to process material including steels , aluminum superalloys , and titanium propel the market demand for HVOF coating .
There are certain factors hider the market growth of high velocity oil fuel coating market including stringent environment regulations , process consistency and reliability of coating material . Intense market competition in coating industry is also one the restraining factor for the high velocity oil fuel coating market .
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel ( HVOF ) coating market : Segmentation :
Global high velocity oxygen fuel ( HVOF ) coating market can be segmented on the basis of material used in HVOF coating and end use industry .
On the basis of material used for high velocity oxygen fuel coating market can be segmented as :
HVOF Tungsten Carbide
HVOF Tungsten Carbide-Nickel Superalloy
HVOF Chromium Carbide
HVOF Aluminum Bronze
On the basis of end use industry for high velocity oxygen fuel coating market can be segmented as
Automotive
Aerospace
Industrial gas turbines
Energy & power
Electronics
Oil & gas
Medical devices
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel ( HVOF ) coating market : Regional analysis :
The coating industry has changed significantly in recent years through high technological advancement and growing consumption of thermal sprays in developing regions , and this upsurges the demand of HVOF coating . North America dominate the HVOF coating market owing to the high consumption of this in automotive and aerospace industry . Asia Pacific excluding Japan is also one of the prominent region for the high velocity oxygen fuel ( hvof ) coating market , owing to the high demand in China and India market . With growing industrialization and growth of automotive production in developing countries in Asia pacific region opted for high market growth in HVOF coating market . Europe is estimated to show high growth in equipment industry which led to rapid advancement for coating industry . Factors including HVOF coating high industrial performance , enticing qualities of adhering , corrosion protection has made market players to opt for HVOF coating for material advancement . As the demand increases in these markets , globally consumption of high velocity oil fuel coating also increase . Japan is also projected to add significant growth in high velocity oil fuel coating market . Latin America and MEA region is estimated to show sluggish growth in floor conveyor system market .
Request sample : https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23473
Global High Velocity Oxygen Fuel ( HVOF ) coating market : Key Market Participants :
Some of the prominent market players of high velocity oxygen fuel ( HVOF ) coating market are :
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced there will be a general election on June 8 .
Speaking outside Downing Street , Mrs May said the Cabinet had just met , adding : `` We agreed that the Government should call a General Election to be held on the 8th of June '' .
They said the election was needed because there was `` division '' in Westminster over Brexit , with Labour and the Lib Dems opposing the Government 's approach to leaving the European Union .
( Photo : Philip Toscano/PA Wire )
The announcement came despite their repeated insistence that there will be no early general election .
However , Mrs May does not have the power to call an early election , because of legislation introduced by the former Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition government .
It means they must ask Parliament to back their election plan- and they will need the support of two thirds of MPs to press ahead with it .
And they challenged Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to support their election plan .
It comes as opinion polls put the Tories up to 20 points ahead of Labour .
Mrs May said they were acting now because of the opposition in Parliament to the Government 's plans for Brexit .
`` Our opponents believe because the Government 's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change . They are wrong , '' they said .
`` They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country , because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the Government 's negotiating position in Europe . ''
( Photo : Lauren Hurley/PA Wire )
They added : `` Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back . And as we look to the future , the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe .
`` We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world .
`` That means we will regain control of our own money , our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world .
`` This is the right approach , and it is in the national interest . But the other political parties oppose it .
`` At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster , but instead there is division .
`` The country is coming together , but Westminster is not . ''
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said they welcomed the chance to fight a general election .
Mr Corbyn said : “ I welcome the Prime Minister 's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first .
“ Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy , delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS .
“ In the last couple of weeks , Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country . We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain . ”
Labour have announced a series of new policy proposals over the past few weeks , including plans for a £10 an hour minimum wage and offering free school meals to every primary school pupil .
The statement makes it clear that Mrs May will get the election they are calling for . They will need to win a vote in Parliament with a two thirds majority to hold it , but can be certain of doing so if Labour MPs vote to hold a poll .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said the election was an opportunity for their party .
They said : “ This election is your chance to change the direction of our country .
“ If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit . If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market . If you want a Britain that is open , tolerant and united , this is your chance .
`` Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority . ”
It followed a morning of speculation at Westminster after Downing Street announced Mrs May would be making a major statement but gave no hint what it would be about .
Some journalists speculated that the announcement could relate to the Prime Minister 's health , as Mrs May suffers from diabetes . But this was firmly denied by Downing Street and prompted an angry response as Mrs May 's joint Chief of Staff , Fiona Hill , contacted Sky News journalist Adam Boulton to tell them they would be making an official complaint about the speculation .
In theory , no election needs to be held until 2020 .
Rebecca Mason is 31 years old and has battled with acne for 16 years — most of their adult life .
She 's on a mission to reduce the shame that surrounds acne , a condition that usually receives attention because of its impact on millions of teenagers and young people .
Rebecca has shared their story with news.com.au to show other adult acne sufferers that they 're not alone and that clear skin is achievable .
I 've been battling acne for 16 years , on and off . I had really bad cystic acne .
Advertisement
My cause was Polycystic Ovary Syndrome [ PCOS ] , which is quite a common condition , it affects between 12 and 18 per cent of women .
So it was caused by a hormonal imbalance and overproduction of testosterone .
I 'd wake up and look at my face in the mirror and see teenage skin looking back at me .
You 're waking up thinking , `` I had this condition when I was a teenager , how is it possible that I still have it ? I 'm in my early 30s , I have a professional career , but I ca n't leave the house without caking on makeup to cover up my skin because I 'm so ashamed . ''
I wanted to feel like I could leave the house without hiding under a veneer of makeup . I would have this constant makeup routine even just to go to the beach or the supermarket .
There was one period where I could n't leave the house for a fortnight .
I would n't even go to the grocery store , I would come home crying . It was so humiliating .
Sometimes even strangers would come up to me and explain how I could get clearer skin .
It comes from a place of love , but if you think , `` Oh , I 'm going to leave the house today and not wear so much makeup , '' and then someone comes up to you and makes a comment , it just completely ruins you on the inside .
I know it 's coming from a place of care , from people who have been there before and want to help .
I remember reading a study a few years ago out of the UK that there had been a 200 per cent rise in the number of adults seeking specialist acne treatment .
I thought , `` I ca n't be the only person suffering . This is ridiculous . ''
Photo / Rebecca Mason
It 's definitely not only teenagers suffering . I call it boardroom acne ... You 're waking up as an adult with cystic acne .
You 're going to work with professionals , you 're in a boardroom and it becomes very real because most of your colleagues do n't have that same condition .
I can see now how I avoided social and professional opportunities because I was insecure . I would be in a meeting and not want to speak up , so I purposely grew my hair long because I did n't want people to see my neck and chin and the sides of my cheeks .
If you 're not feeling confident , you do n't seek out those opportunities .
I missed out on asking for a $ 10,000 pay rise because I did n't feel like I really deserved it or earned it and that was n't actually the case , I just did n't have the confidence to do it .
When I was out with my clear-skinned girlfriends , I 'd feel like the ugly duckling .
It 's such an isolating condition , but it 's not just me ... it is very common .
I want anyone who is going through it to know that they 're not alone and that there is no silver bullet solution , everyone is different .
I tried so many medications . I must have tried every type of the pill . But for me , medication did n't work .
It 's all about the five holistic steps : exercise , diet , sleep patterns and stress management techniques . And I do an enzyme therapy treatment once a month .
Those five steps are what can transform not just your skin but the quality of your life .
Once I made those changes , I saw an incredible improvement .
I wanted to leave the house wearing just lipstick , without having to hide under layers of makeup and now I can do that .
But if I eat chocolate , I will wake up with a pimple . I know that 's how my skin works .
My core message is that these five steps are a lifestyle protocol to be able to manage your skin .
Rebecca Mason spent years battling with acne . Photo / Supplied
There 's not this one super cream that fixes your skin . It 's all of those things combined , there 's no one silver bullet .
Follow Rebecca 's skin journey on their Better Skin Better Life blog .
Inspired by the Microsoft Garage 3-in-1 Dock , Vertical Surface Docks for Surface Pro 2017 , Surface Pro 4 , and Surface Pro 3 are shipping worldwide . We 're grateful to early adopters from 10 countries for spreading the word about ergonomics and embracing our open-source hardware designs . View the demo video and join us on our ergonomic mission !
Read the entire article here , New Surface Pro 2017 Ergonomic VESA Dock shipping worldwide
Via the fine folks at Microsoft
Millennials have found a new way to sabotage relationships .
“ Cushioning ” is a newly coined dating term wherein a partner in a monogamous relationship still flirts with other people — so if their main relationship goes kaput , there 's a backup ready .
“ I was seeing someone for a few months and it was going well , but it felt like the dust had started to settle a bit , ” Anna , a cushioner who did n't want to disclose their full name for personal reasons , told the Tab . “ I still liked him , but was n't entirely sure I wanted them to be my boyfriend and was in limbo . Instead of talk about it , the rational thing to do was to go back on Tinder and find some more boys to chat to , just in case the current one fell through . ”
Another cushioner , Lauren , said that they were still messaging lads while “ hooking up ” with them steady .
“ It was always awkward when their names would light up my phone while I was sleeping over [ my boyfriend 's ] place , but I felt like I needed them as an insurance policy , ” they told the Tab .
Meanwhile , Rosie believes cushioning lets them channel their neurosis on guys she 's not that interested in , while still keeping them cool with their main flame .
“ When I really like a guy , I find a ‘ B team ' guy to keep on the side to channel my crazy , ” Rosie told the Tab . “ I go on dates with them before I go out with ‘ A team , ' literally as a practice round . ”
Cushioning is the most recent term young people have come up with to articulate petty dating practices instead of communicating like rational adults .
Previous trends have included “ ghosting , ” where people gradually stop responding to messages and then disappear on their romantic interests , and “ breadcrumbing , ” where singles continue to leave traces of hope for dating prospects that they 're not actually that interested in .
Apple is reportedly working on making the Near Field Communication ( NFC ) chip in its iPhones function beyond just contactless payments .
The company is expected to announce an updated NFC chip at its Worldwide Developers Conference ( WWDC ) which will allow its next-gen iPhones to unlock smart locks , agencies reported .
Once available , the feature will allow even older iPhones unlock smart locks , including those of a car or an office building , with just a software update .
It looks like something Nasa would place on the Martian surface , but in the coming years a new-developed robotic rover could become the workhorse of New Zealand 's fruit industry .
It has been developed to help pick some of the more than 3 billion kiwifruits harvested in New Zealand each year .
Labour shortages and arrival of new varieties have made getting the fruit off the vine at the right time a huge challenge for growers .
Now a team of scientists and engineers working with Waikato and Auckland universities have developed a new robotic picking machine , designed to move along beneath the vines , gently taking the fruit as it goes .
Advertisement
An array of cameras is at the heart of the machine , which uses a series of learning algorithms to map the canopy above in three dimensions .
`` We have trained the system to detect what a kiwifruit is , '' says Dr Henry Williams from the University of Auckland .
`` We can do a bit of trigonometry and stereo calculations to get coordinates . We feed that through to the arm and say can you please go here . ''
With that data , the machine 's robotic arms then moves to pick the fruit . Trials have shown if it is calibrated correctly it can be more gentle than human pickers .
`` The robot was more consistent in its handling and also gentler , '' says Alistair Scarfe , the CTO of Robotics Plus , the company behind the machine .
They say robotic 's handling of the fruit gives it an important advantage as it can result in consistently higher quality of fruit , which fetch higher prices at market .
The developers of the machine say it will be ready to be used for picking within the next three years and they are now working on adapting it for pruning and other orchard tasks .
`` Having a robotic vehicle that can navigate around an orchard by itself and do a multitude of tasks is a pretty exciting place to be , '' says Scarfe .
A prototype of the machine is on display at the National Agricultural Fieldays running until Saturday near Hamilton .
( CNN ) — The Clark County , Nevada coroner has released the full list of those killed in Sunday 's shooting massacre in Las Vegas .
The mass shooting took the lives of 58 people and wounded hundreds more after 64-year-old gunman Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival .
It became the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
The coroner 's office says the youngest victim was 20-year-old Bailey Schwitzer . The oldest was 67-year-old Patricia Mestas .
Authorities are still trying to figure out a motive for the attack .
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Video
Footage of the man who shot dead two police officers and a civilian in the Belgian city of Liège shows them walking around with two guns .
The Ministry of Education received three complaints last year about alleged sexual behaviour at an embattled West Auckland school where more than half the board has resigned en masse .
The complaints related to two separate incidents , both of which were reported to police and child support services . Both incidents are thought to have involved children .
Four Whenuapai School board of trustees representatives resigned this week and another resigned earlier this year . None of them has been replaced , according to the ministry .
Government officials plan to meet with the school 's executive this week `` to discuss the next steps '' .
Advertisement
Revelations uncovered by the Herald include :
• Three complaints regarding two alleged sexual behaviour incidents at the decile 9 primary school , made last year .
• Both incidents were referred to police and Oranga Tamariki .
• Six complaints about the school were made to the ministry last year .
• The school 's roll has fallen sharply from 475 in 2013 to 390 in 2017 .
Some parents claimed a bullying culture was rife within the school , which had experienced serious staff turnover . Principal Raewyn Matthys-Morris did not respond to requests for comment yesterday and outgoing board members refused to comment . It is not known why they resigned .
But a parent , who did not wish to be named , said people coming forward with any complaints were made to feel isolated .
They said a `` bullying culture '' was rife within the school and their child had even witnessed teachers crying in the classroom .
A `` mass exodus '' of families had been felt in the school community along with a high staff turnover in recent years .
They claimed there were `` cases where children were abused on school grounds and the BoT and management refused to acknowledge these legitimate cases ... these families were forced to leave for their safety '' .
The parent was pleased with the resignations . `` This is a great outcome for the school going forward . ''
Education Ministry deputy secretary sector enablement and support Katrina Casey said officials would be working through a range of issues brought to the ministry 's attention .
`` We take these issues very seriously and will be meeting with the school board and leadership over the coming days , '' they said .
`` Last year we received three complaints about the board of trustees ' and school 's management of two separate incidents of alleged sexual behaviour . ''
Casey said Oranga Tamariki and the police were the appropriate authorities to investigate allegations of any form of abuse against children .
`` When we are made aware of an allegation we ensure those agencies have been told and they will then make a judgment on what , if any , investigations or action they will take .
`` Our role is to support the school , to work with them and ensure student safety and learning is maintained , '' Casey said . `` We did exactly that in this instance . ''
They were aware of concerns about `` high staff turnover and its impact on student achievement '' .
When asked about accusations of bullying , Casey said allegations regarding the school leadership were referred to the board as the governing body in the first instance .
The school had started a schoolwide programme last year to support positive behaviour , `` including the prevention and management of bullying behaviour '' .
`` The school has started the Positive Behaviour for Learning — Schoolwide programme in 2017 to support positive behaviour across the whole Whenuapai School community including the prevention and management of bullying behaviour . ''
Oranga Tamariki North and West Auckland regional manager Jaimee Barwood said its focus was always on the welfare of children .
`` When there is an allegation of abuse or harm to a child in an education setting , Oranga Tamariki works closely with police and the ministry ... to respond appropriately — that occurred in this instance . ''
Oranga Tamariki closed the case later once it was confirmed that the family had engaged with appropriate support services , they said .
According to documents released to the Herald under the Official Information Act , six complaints were made to the ministry about the school between April and August last year .
In one instance a parent was so dissatisfied with the school 's response to an incident at a school camp they said they would take their child elsewhere .
They told the school it was no longer `` the best fit '' for their child .
In another , a parent raised an incident with the police 's Child Protection Team .
`` After being contacted by Child , Youth and Family , the school 's principal advised us that the school was not aware of the incident referred to by the parents , and that it was unlikely that any incident would not have been noticed , '' a summary of the event , provided by the ministry , read .
`` The principal noted that they had discussed with the parents measures to keep their child and other children safe . ''
In another complaint a teacher was accused of making a disparaging comment about a child .
`` The principal stated that they had discussed the comments with the teacher concerned , and apologised to the parent for the comment , '' the summary read .
`` The principal noted that the statement did not reflect the opinions of the school 's leaders . ''
A child was withdrawn from school in another complaint after the school allegedly lost their child 's school records , and had difficulty retrieving learning support items .
A final complaint about bullying also made mention that `` high staff turnover '' at the school had a negative effect on their child 's development .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Julia Roberts is stepping out to present their longtime friend and frequent co-star George Clooney with one of the highest honors in film .
The American Film Institute says Wednesday that Roberts will be on hand to give Clooney the 46th AFI Life Achievement Award at a gala to be held at the Dolby Theatre on June 7 .
Roberts has co-starred with Clooney in a number of films including `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' `` Ocean 's Twelve '' and `` Money Monster . '' They also starred in their directorial debut `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind . ''
The AFI tribute to Clooney will be broadcast on TNT on June 21 at 10:00 p.m. Eastern and Pacific .
Thousands of vulnerable children in England are being ‘ left in limbo ' because their needs are not severe enough , a charity has warned .
Action for Children estimated 140,000 children referred to social services over issues like drugs , alcoholism , domestic violence and neglect are not getting the help they need , BBC wrote .
It said they often fall through the cracks as they are not at crisis point .
Ministers said their social care reforms will improve support .
Based on Freedom of Information requests from 141 local authorities in England , the report said : `` These children have needs that are too great for schools , health or other universal services to meet on their own , but they are not eligible for support from statutory social care services .
`` Our research suggests many are living in challenging family situations , affected by issues like domestic violence or substance misuse .
`` Without the right help , there 's potential for these situations to escalate to crisis point , placing children at risk of harm . ''
Action for Children said some children `` may be stuck in a 'revolving door ' of children 's services , repeatedly referred and assessed but not receiving help '' .
The charity is calling on the UK government to strengthen current legislation for early help services and to provide adequate funding to local authorities , so they can offer help as soon as children need it .
Mother of two ‘ Ella ' , from Buckinghamshire , had to pick up the pieces after their ex-husband who was ‘ very controlling and had issues with alcohol ' walked out , leaving them facing eviction when their son was under a year old .
`` He used to spend all their money on drink and tell me he 'd paid the rent when they had n't , '' said Ella .
Them health visitor referred them to a children 's center which sorted out their housing and organized domestic violence counselling and a parenting course .
`` Chatting to other parents at the center was great and really helped me build my confidence , which had been knocked badly because of my ex-husband .
`` If I had n't have had the children 's center , I 'd still be in fear of my ex-husband and be listening and doing what they say .
`` My son really had a connection and bond with their dad and it really did affect them when they left , but by taking my son to the children 's center with all the other children , that really helped mend the damage done .
`` The children 's center was a safe haven to go to and just be with other mums and be somewhere I could get advice . If it was n't for the children 's center , I really do n't know where I 'd be right now .
`` Thanks to them I 'm now back on my feet and am I working as a nursery nurse . ''
Members of Friends of Goleta Beach Park plan to urge the board to consider its proposal to use palm trees for shoring up erosion at the park
Goleta Beach 2.0 , a plan to address erosion at the popular Goleta Beach Park , goes back before the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors on Tuesday for a discussion on moving forward with an environmental impact report .
The original plan , which called for adding permeable pilings along the pier to trap sand on the beach , was denied with a 9-1 vote by the California Coastal Commission . The current conceptual plan was approved by county supervisors last summer .
As proposed , it would demolish 150 parking spaces , relocate underground utilities including water , sewer and gas lines , relocate the bike path and remove 950 linear feet of the rock revetment .
The county already spent $ 75,000 on engineering studies , and the EIR is likely to cost $ 250,000 to $ 300,000 , according to a staff report . Construction alone would carry a $ 3.5 million price tag .
“ Really , the purpose was to let the public know where we are in the process , ” Second District Supervisor Janet Wolf said of Tuesday 's agenda item .
They said putting out a request for proposals is merely the next step , which is why the item is on the consent agenda and not as an item with discussion . County staff members need the go-ahead to solicit bids for the EIR work .
The Environmental Defense Center supports the plan and says the wall of rocks , placed there under now-expired California Coastal Commission emergency permits , can push erosion to other beaches and should have been removed after the emergency ended , according to its website . It opposed the previous plan while representing the Surfrider-Santa Barbara Chapter .
Friends of Goleta Beach Park , a community group that has opposed the current plan since its inception , plans to show up in force at Tuesday 's meeting because of County CEO Chandra Waller 's memo attached to the agenda . The group has purchased and offered to donate 12 palm trees to plant at the high-tide line of the park , ideally to prevent further erosion . On Aug. 24 , the County Parks Commission unanimously recommended that the Board of Supervisors evaluate the use of palm trees in the EIR , against the staff 's suggestion .
The board-approved conceptual plan does n't mention the trees , Waller 's memo says , and they recommend that the board not include them in the EIR process since it could cause delays , adding that the California Coastal Commission could require a permit to plant trees there .
Members of Friends of Goleta Beach Park worry that the idea of palms could be quashed Tuesday without ever being evaluated .
“ We really want to be part of the solution , not part of the problem , ” Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Kristen Amyx said .
Michael Rattray , CEO of the United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County , said the idea for palm trees came from Refugio State Beach , which has been partly protected by its 35 palm trees since 1935 .
“ Why not experiment in an unprotected part of the park when we know there will be another El Nino storm in the next couple of years ? ” they said .
The group proposes planting 12 trees about 40 feet apart at the high tide line so when they 're 50 years old or so , their root balls will be within 5 feet of each other and provide protection .
“ I think it 's a rush to judgment , ” Rattray said of Waller 's memo . “ We 're trying to work within the spirit of Goleta Beach 2.0 and not trying to derail anything . We want to make sure part of the solution is n't thrown out prematurely . ”
Ed de la Torre , a third-generation Santa Barbara resident , has been involved with the effort since the first workshops in 2004 examined the permeable piling project .
“ It 's very upsetting because we sure do n't want to lose our park , ” they said .
When the group 's eyes turned to Refugio , they purchased 15-year-old palm trees — now stored in planters — to donate to the county . The group was heartened by the County Parks Commission 's response , but Waller 's memo “ is debunking this whole concept of the palm trees , ” they said . “ For the trees planted ( we calculated ) it would cost less than $ 30,000 total , and they 're talking about $ 3.5 million , so where 's the logic in denying us ? ”
The Board of Supervisors will meet at 9 a.m. in the Board Hearing Room on the fourth floor of the County Administration Building , 105 E. Anapamu St. in Santa Barbara .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
St. Vincent High School football coach Trent Herzog will host a speed and power camp for young athletes in grades 4-9 running Monday through Thursday next week .
Although Herzog will direct the camp , it is appropriate for athletes in all sports .
The camp will include speed , agility and power development exercises , sports nutrition information with snacks and refreshments provided daily , skill integration and games and performance testing in both the 40-yard dash and long jump .
The camp will run from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. all four days .
The camp will be conducted by Herzog , SSU strengtth and conditioning coach Colin Coughenour , Luma Fitness owner and head trainer Justin Elsey , personal trainer Connor Waggoner and Sonoma State soccer captain and all-conference player Dayna Dolcini .
For more information or to reserve a spot for the camp , contact Waggoner at CoachWagg @ gmail.com or call Herzog at 567-1452 .
The death has occurred of Tom Healy , former chief executive of the Irish Stock Exchange .
Mr Healy , born in 1950 in Co.Westmeath , was head of the Irish Stock Exchange for twenty years from February 1987 to June 2007 . More recently they served as chief executive of the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange ( ADX ) ( formerly the Abu Dhabi Securities Market ( ADSM ) , before retiring in 2010 .
Mr Healy also acted as a consultant to the World Bank , the European Union and the United States Agency for International Development , and was involved with the World Federation of Exchanges and the Federation of European Securities Exchanges .
Their funeral mass will take place today , Tuesday , at the Church of the Assumption , Dalkey at 11.30am , followed by burial in Shanganagh Cemetery .
Robust debate , challenging ideas , dissenting opinion and free speech .
These are the central tenets of campus life - helping young people to broaden their minds , question their own world view and develop the resilience necessary for the real world .
But on modern campuses , these values are under grave threat of being cast aside as a trend towards dogmatic political correctness increasingly dictates that a student 's right not to be offended is given priority over all else - including freedom of speech .
It even has its own lingo : “ triggering ” , which is causing an emotional response ; “ micro-aggression ” , a comment that is unintentionally demeaning to a member of a minority group , and “ safe spaces ” , a phrase originally intended to mean somewhere free of discrimination , but increasingly meaning a place you can be sure not to be offended , or challenged .
In Trinity , a student protest at a talk being given by the Israeli ambassador Ze'ev Boker was called off in February when protesters blocked the door .
Flood of complaints
At UCC , a conference on Israeli law was halted after a flood of complaints , and was held last month at an alternative venue other than the campus for two of its three days .
“ Safe space ” campus culture 's march across north American universities has led to universities stripped of opposing ideas and silent of different voices .
When Donald Trump won the US election , many college campuses offered support services for students they deemed unable to handle the results of the democratic vote .
Law professors have been petitioned not to include questions on sexual assault in final examinations , and English departments are allowing students to skip literature with content that may be upsetting
The University of Kansas offered therapy dogs for comfort , Cornell set up a “ cry-in ” where staff handed out cocoa , and the University of Michigan had a play area with colouring books .
A talk in Berkeley by the polemicist Milo Yiannopoulos resulted in violent riots when students ' protests at them being given a platform turned ugly .
Law professors have been petitioned not to include questions on sexual assault in final examinations , and English departments are allowing students to skip literature with content that may be upsetting .
Controversial figures
It has spread to the UK , where there have been campaigns in Bristol and Oxford to wipe out reminders of controversial historical figures on the grounds they would cause offence .
Oxford University 's vice-chancellor Louise Richardson says students need to be exposed to uncomfortable ideas “ so they can think about why they feel uncomfortable and what it is they object to ” .
For now , common sense prevails in Britain . Bristol University said it would be “ disingenuous ” to give in to protesters and erase history by renaming Wills Memorial Hall , named after its first chancellor Henry Overton Wills - a 19th century tobacco magnate with links to the slave trade .
Oxford 's Chris Patten told students to “ embrace freedom of thought , or think about being educated elsewhere ” in response to a call to remove a statue of imperialist Cecil Rhodes .
Principal of Dublin 's Alexandra College , Barbara Ennis – who prepares young women for college life - says students do not develop in a comfort zone .
“ The biggest trait young people have to develop is resilience , ” said Ennis .
Independent thinking
“ In our school , we are preparing students to make their contribution to the world . The fundamental value we instil in our girls is independent thinking .
“ They make decisions for themselves about what they find acceptable and do n't . We help them to see the notion of censorship as never really being appropriate . ”
Alexandra College holds a series called Alex Talks , modelled on Ted Talks , and students can choose any subject they like , in front of a school of 550 pupils , without censorship .
“ Our mission statement very clearly states we welcome diversity . But if you are cosseted from ideas that are a bit challenging , how are you supposed to develop your own ? If you have ideas that are controversial and are not politically correct , how are you going to test them ?
Not engaging
“ If you stick with one set of ideas until the day you die , you are not engaging in lifelong learning .
“ Certain opinions are not acceptable and have to be challenged , and it is your responsibility to listen to it , accept it or challenge it , and put your own point of view across in a respectful manner .
Students are not used to being challenged and as a result , when they are , their reaction is to go into meltdown mode
“ You listen , articulate your views in a calm way , show you do n't agree or rethink your own thinking . ”
They believe that an over-awareness of young people becoming depressed or anxious is behind the increasing cosseting in colleges .
“ Part of the problem is being over-cognisant . Students are not used to being challenged and as a result , when they are , their reaction is to go into meltdown mode - when what they need to do is develop self-esteem , self-confidence and resilience .
“ That 's what we work on here and that is what I will continue to work on as long as I am in this school . ”
Corporatisation
Prof James Bowen of UCC believes that the increasing “ corporatisation ” of universities is much to blame .
They said : “ Restrictions on freedom of speech in universities are becoming progressively more worrying . One pressure is coming from corporatisation of universities , the influence of private money .
“ Universities need to supplement their state income with income from grant-funding agencies , from companies who want to commission research , from rich donors to fund core activities .
“ The result is that universities are becoming a lot more anxious about not offending people , and this is having an increasingly chilling effect on freedom of speech in universities . ”
Their conference on international law in Israel was almost called off after numerous complaints .
“ The pressures we experienced in putting on our conference is merely one aspect of that increasing unwillingness of universities to cause offence .
Encountering views contrary to your own should not be avoided . You may find them surprising initially , but these things are mind-broadening and should be supported
“ You might think the desire to cause offence is obviously a good desire .
“ Just because you are saying something that is found offensive by someone , does n't mean it is morally reprehensible . Hitler would have been offended by the expression of some views . ”
They cited writer Beatrice Evelyn Hall : “ I disapprove of what you say , but I defend your right to say it to the death , ” commenting : “ That used to be the interpretation of academic freedom in universities .
Mind-broadening
“ Encountering views contrary to your own should not be avoided . You may find them surprising initially , but these things are mind-broadening and should be supported . ”
Trinity provost Patrick Prendergast described the protest against the Israeli ambassador 's talk as “ an unacceptable attack on free speech , the antithesis of what Trinity stands for ” , and said the protesters had “ violated a fundamental belief of a university as a place to facilitate and exchange ideas ” .
However , Dr Peter Stone , assistant professor in political science , said the protest was not just a matter of free speech and it was necessary to look deeper into the reasons behind it .
A conference planned for UCC on Israeli law was halted after a flood of complaints , and was held last month at an alternative venue other than the campus for two of its three days . File photograph : iStock
“ It would have been reasonable for the talk to go ahead , but that said , it was n't being given by an obscure person with radical ideas no-one can hear from . Anyone can easily find out what the Israeli government thinks about things .
“ I think it was regrettable , but I ca n't get entirely down on the protesters . The way the organisers handled it was clumsy . Could they have handled it differently ? Probably . Could the protesters ? Probably . I ca n't say it was regrettable , and therefore 100 per cent the protesters ' fault . ”
They believe issues arise because of “ extremely simplistic and unhelpful uses of the term ‘ free speech ' ” .
Overarching value
“ It is such an overarching value , it 's like ‘ democracy ' or ‘ freedom ' , everyone wants to claim it . People think simply stating : ‘ It 's an expression of free speech ' settles the matter , but it is just part of the debate . Why is it important ? How far should it extend ?
“ It 's about asking : why is this person getting an invitation ? If this idiot wants to go out on a street corner and yell their racist nonsense , that 's one thing , but why are they getting an invitation ? It 's entirely different to invite them . ”
Some would argue it all boils down to the same issue : over-protecting students .
Oxford University 's vice-chancellor Louise Richardson says students need to be exposed to uncomfortable ideas “ so they can think about why they feel uncomfortable and what it is they object to .
“ Then they frame a response and use reason to counter these objectionable ideas , try to change the other person 's mind and be open to having their own minds changed .
“ That is quite the opposite of the tendency towards safe spaces . I hope universities will continue to defend the imperative of even objectionable ideas being spoken . ”
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Andre Green is out of the Second City derby and left-back Neil Taylor faces a race against time to be fit .
Villa 's promising young winger , Green , is still struggling with a niggling hamstring injury that has forced them out of the last three games .
Boss Steve Bruce said :
“ He was n't comfortable with their hamstring that they pulled against Derby five weeks ago after suffering a recurrence so I ca n't see them being involved on Sunday .
“ ( It would n't be right ) to use them in such a big game like that as he 's struggling . ”
Green has been one of Villa 's shining lights this season and has a bright future at the club after recently penning a new deal .
The 18-year-old Bodymoor Heath Academy graduate has made 17 appearances this term and has been praised by Bruce for their positive and professional approach .
Left-back , Taylor , meanwhile , is still struggling with a groin injury sustained in training last week .
They missed the 3-1 defeats against Reading and Fulham and will face a late fitness test before Birmingham City arrive at Villa Park on Sunday .
“ He was n't fit for the Fulham game and they will be touch and go for the Blues game , ” Bruce confirmed .
It 's bad news for the Villa boss who will also be without Jonathan Kodjia following theirs sending off at Craven Cottage .
Villa are considering an appeal but the top scorer is likely to be banned for the final three games of the season .
Aquestion looms for New Zealand Cricket in the coming months . Can they convince Black Caps coach Mike Hesson to re-sign beyond the 2019 World Cup in England ?
A Boxing Day test in Melbourne later that year and a 2020 World Twenty20 in Australia could be incentives to claim their signature .
However , by then they will have spent seven years in a job where New Zealand 's home-and-away competitiveness and consistency have reached a rare altitude .
From Hesson 's perspective , it is understandable they might seek change .
Advertisement
They have overseen their team 's success by applying a sabermetrics and humility-driven culture .
New Zealand 's first World Cup final appearance in 2015 , alongside an unprecedented seven successive undefeated test series ( 2013-15 ) and a record-equalling 13 undefeated tests at home ( 2012-16 ) are among the highlights .
It seems no coincidence the country 's three longest winning streaks across all formats — including the 13-match sequence which ended during the T20 series against Pakistan — came under Hesson 's watch in the past three years .
The era has drawn comparisons with the Richard Hadlee-inspired 1980s .
Head Coach Mike Hesson . Photo / Getty Images .
Hesson 's team have played 51 tests , won 20 , lost 19 and drawn 12 . By generic comparison , the 1980s had 59 tests , of which 17 were won , 15 lost and 27 drawn .
In completed ODIs , Hesson has overseen 107 for 63 wins , 43 losses and a tie ; the 1980s results were 122 played , 56 won and 66 lost .
Their wife Kate and daughters Holly , 11 , and Charlie , 7 , will be hoping dad can spend more time at home in Dunedin .
One year , it was estimated they spent more than 300 days away .
Add the prospect of one or two Twenty20 coaching gigs — perhaps in the Indian Premier League or Big Bash League — and the income would keep flowing while reducing the nights spent in hotel beds .
Alternatively , they could seek an English county contract for a longer period , but that might be contrary to any homebody ambitions .
Time is on the side of both parties , but an organised succession plan is better than a post-World Cup panic .
Hesson 's tenure is five years and five months so far , making them New Zealand 's longest-serving coach , with three months more on the clock than John Bracewell from 2003 to 2008 .
If the Hesson era ends , a debate will ensue over the next appointment . Should NZC look overseas for the best candidate , or does a home-grown coach deserve an opportunity ?
The Hesson tenure has provided the stability to groom coaches on the domestic scene , plus a number have spent time in the national set-up to witness the job demands first-hand .
Craig McMillan looms as an obvious contender , having been in an assistant role since the West Indies tour in 2014 .
A host of major association mentors could also make a case . Of the incumbents , Gary Stead ( Canterbury ) , Mark O'Donnell ( Auckland ) , Heinrich Malan ( Central Districts ) , former national selector Bruce Edgar ( Wellington ) and Gareth Hopkins ( in their first T20 attempt with Northern Districts ) have each won domestic titles .
A further complication awaits if Hesson exits .
McMillan , manager Mike Sandle and strength and conditioning coach Chris Donaldson signed en bloc in May 2016 through until the World Cup .
A new coach would presumably need to be found before any support staff are signed around them . That might take some time .
The UN Security Council announced on Friday that all the measures imposed in its resolutions 1958 ( 2010 ) and 2335 ( 2016 ) pursuant to Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations in relation to the Iraq oil-for-food programme had been fully implemented .
Unanimously adopting resolution 2390 ( 2017 ) , the Council welcomed the fact that the remaining funds in the escrow accounts established pursuant to resolution 1958 ( 2010 ) had been transferred to the Government of Iraq pursuant to resolution 2335 ( 2016 ) .
The Council acknowledged the Secretary-General 's final report on the matter ( document S/2017/820 ) , which stated , among other things , that the remaining $ 14,283,565 in the administrative escrow account had been transferred to Iraq .
Following the adoption , Amy Noel Tachco ( United States ) applauded Iraq 's complete implementation of measures under the oil-for-food programme , although the country still faced many challenges . They looked forward to close cooperation internationally and bilaterally in support of Iraq as a federal , democratic and prosperous country .
Resolution
The full text of resolution 2390 ( 2017 ) reads as follows :
“ The Security Council ,
“ Recalling its resolutions 1958 ( 2010 ) and 2335 ( 2016 ) ,
“ Acknowledging receipt of the final report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 4 of Security Council resolution 2335 ( 2016 ) , S/2017/820 ,
“ 1 . Welcomes the implementing arrangements entered into by the Secretary-General and the Government of Iraq as requested in paragraph 7 of Security Council resolution 1958 ( 2010 ) ;
“ 2 . Also welcomes that the remaining funds in the escrow accounts established pursuant to paragraphs 3–5 of Security Council resolution 1958 ( 2010 ) have been transferred to the Government of Iraq pursuant to Security Council resolution 2335 ( 2016 ) ;
“ 3 . Concludes that all the measures imposed by the Security Council in resolutions 1958 ( 2010 ) and 2335 ( 2016 ) pursuant to Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations have been fully implemented by the parties . ”
( Source : UN )
Five dogs are being stolen every day across the UK , an investigation has found .
Research by pet insurance at Direct Line showed a 19 per cent rise of the number of dogs stolen in 2016 compared to 2014 , when 1,774 dogs were reported stolen compared with 1,491 .
The Staffordshire Bull Terrier was the most stolen breed of dog , with 634 thefts - making up 42 per cent of the total .
Prit Powar , head of pet insurance at Direct Line , said : “ It is perhaps unsurprising that the Staffordshire Bull Terrier is the dog most often reported stolen , given it is one of the most common dog breeds in the UK . ”
Designer breeds - such as miniature pugs and chihuahuas - popular with celebrities have also been targeted by thieves .
Mr Powar said : “ Pedigree dog owners should be particularly vigilant as these dogs can often fetch thousands of pounds and have certain characteristics to make it easier for thieves to spot them .
“ If the worst was to happen , owners should make sure they report it to the police immediately and spread the word within their local community . ”
The report found the actual number of dogs stolen may be much greater than the amount of cases reported to the police , as 1.5 million adults claim they have had a dog stolen from their care in the last five years .
DogLost , an organisation that reunites owners with their missing pets , claimed more than 60 dogs are stolen every week across the UK - almost double the figure Direct Line estimated .
It suggested the figures do not represent dogs stolen from parks , gardens and streets , as owners can not prove they have been taken , or dogs that have genuinely been lost and then found by someone who does not report it .
The construction chemicals market is a fragmented market with several companies spread across the length and breadth of the globe . Key market players are entering into critical distributor partnerships with local players to strengthen market share . A new report added by Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) presents detailed forecasts of the global construction chemicals market for the period 2017 to 2027 and throws light on the different dynamics likely to impact revenue growth of the market during the study period . This report also extensively studies the strategies adopted by the top market companies to increase their growth in the worldwide market . The market analysis presented in the report indicates that the burgeoning development in infrastructure projects across several regions along with governmental support to improve public utility services are the main factors likely to boost revenue growth of the construction chemicals market in developing economies during the forecast period .
Get Free Sample Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/sample/3904
Global Construction Chemicals Market : Report Inclusions & Research Methodology
The report studies the global market for construction chemicals in depth and highlights the revenue generated post the sale of chemicals used in construction activities such as waterproofing chemicals , concrete admixture , and protective coatings across various countries . The report also includes information on the global market value chain , profitability and cost structure , pricing analysis , and other market dynamics . Macro-economic indicators including gross domestic product , per capita construction expenditure , per capita income , global consumption of cement , and overall growth of the construction industry have been considered to arrive at the market estimates . The global market revenue has been estimated basis the demand for construction chemicals across the assessed regions . Pricing trends have been arrived at after obtaining average pricing per region from manufacturers , distributors , and suppliers of construction chemicals spread across the globe .
Global Construction Chemicals Market : Segmentation
In the report , the global market for construction chemicals is categorized into product type ( Protective Coating , Asphalt Additives , Concrete Admixture , Adhesives & Sealants , Water Proofing Chemicals ) ; application ( Infrastructure , Commercial & Industrial , Residential ) ; and region ( APEJ , Japan , MEA , Latin America , Eastern Europe , North America , Western Europe ) . The report provides information on key developments and trends , historical and current market size and volume analysis , as well as market attractiveness analysis for the different segments . Impact analysis of the different market forces has also been provided for the assessed regional markets . A comprehensive list of all the stakeholders in the regional construction chemicals markets is also included in the report .
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https : //www.mrrse.com/construction-chemicals-market
Global Construction Chemicals Market : Vendor Insights
There is a dedicated section in the report featuring the competitive landscape of the global construction chemicals market . Information such as business and company details , key company financials , recent developments by the companies in the global construction chemicals market , and inputs on the USPs of the different companies along with a comprehensive SWOT analysis is the highlight of this detailed market report . Some of the companies having a global presence in the construction chemicals market that have been profiled in the report are Guangzhou Jointas Chemical Co. , Ltd. , Momentive Performance Materials , Huntsman Corporation , Wacker Chemie AG , The 3M COMPANY , Lanxess AG , HB Fuller Company , Henkel AG & Co. KGaA , Covestro AG , Pidilite Industries , Fosroc , Arkema SA , Akzo Nobel NV , MAPEI , Ashland Inc. , RPM International Inc. , The Dow Chemical Company , SIKA AG , GCP Applied Technologies , and BASF SE .
Enquire About this Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3904
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports . MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice . Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title , geographical region , publisher , or other keywords .
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research . MRRSE 's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research , be it competitive intelligence , product or service trends or strategic consulting .
Contact
State Tower
90 , State Street
Suite 700
Albany , NY – 12207
United States
Telephone : +1-518-730-0559
Email : sales @ mrrse.com
Website : https : //www.mrrse.com/
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new study with worms may help explain how diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's spread in the brain . Sometimes when neurons dispose of toxic waste , neighboring cells get sick .
“ Normally the process of throwing out this trash would be a good thing , ” says Monica Driscoll , professor of molecular biology and biochemistry at Rutgers University . “ But we think with neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's there might be a mismanagement of this very important process that is supposed to protect neurons but , instead , is doing harm to neighbor cells . ”
Scientists have understood how the process of eliminating toxic cellular substances works internally within the cell , comparing it to a garbage disposal getting rid of waste , but they did not know how cells released the garbage externally .
“ What we found out could be compared to a person collecting trash and putting it outside for garbage day , ” says Driscoll . “ They actively select and sort the trash from the good stuff , but if it 's not picked up , the garbage can cause real problems . ”
Working with the transparent roundworm C. elegans , researchers discovered that the worms–which have a lifespan of about three weeks—had an external garbage removal mechanism and were disposing these toxic proteins outside the cell as well .
Lead author Ilija Melentijevic , a graduate student in Driscoll 's lab , realized what was occurring when they observed a small cloud-like , bright blob forming outside of the cell in some of the worms . Over two years , they counted and monitored their production and degradation in single still images until finally they caught one in mid-formation .
“ They were very dynamic , ” says Melentijevic , an undergraduate student at the time who spent three nights in the lab taking photos of the process viewed through a microscope every 15 minutes . “ You could n't see them often , and when they did occur , they were gone the next day . ”
Research using roundworms has provided scientists with important information on aging , which would be difficult to conduct in people and other organisms that have long life spans .
The roundworms engineered to produce human disease proteins associated with Huntington 's disease and Alzheimer 's threw out more trash consisting of these neurodegenerative toxic materials . While neighboring cells degraded some of the material , more distant cells scavenged other portions of the diseased proteins .
“ These findings are significant , ” Driscoll says . “ The work in the little worm may open the door to much-needed new approaches to addressing neurodegeneration and diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's . ”
The study is published in the journal Nature .
Source : Rutgers University
Speed up business decisions and increase ROI with Loadspring 's functional and intuitive Cloud Platform . The tool gives users ultimate control over their projects and collaborations .
[ WILMINGTON , 05/30/2018 ] – Loadspring is an expert in Cloud portfolio management , and it is committed to making jobs faster , easier , and more convenient for clients . It offers a smart Cloud platform that gives users instant project data and KPIs at a glance .
Project Management Made Easier
Loadspring makes it easier for users to make fast and informed project decisions . Its Cloud platform gives clients absolute control over their projects and collaborations . The LoadSpring Cloud platform functions as a user 's digital gateway to the Cloud by delivering more than 200 project management applications , as well as instant access to project status , user training , licensing , and more .
Besides having several tools at their disposal , the powerful Cloud-enabling platform provides clients with ultimate accessibility and iron-clad security .
Customized Project Management Solutions
Loadspring designs its solutions to help users achieve greater project management efficiency and a greater ROI . The LoadSpring Cloud Platform features optional custom cloud environments , tailor-made to user specific business needs .
The platform is an ideal connection to the Cloud because it contains user applications specifically for engineering/construction , oil/energy and other project heavy industries , as well as custom integrations , and disaster recovery features . The customizable dashboard provides instant and useful information that helps clients make better business decisions .
A Streamlined Interface for Mobile Devices
Stay active and connected to key projects by accessing the company 's interface from any mobile device . With it , clients can keep working on the field while getting up-to-date reports on the project 's progress . Through LoadspringMobile , users can view the dashboard right from their fingertips , without needing full application licenses .
The cloud project management tool is easy to use : with single-sign on users simply log in once to their accounts , select a function , and manage project information from there .
About Loadspring
Loadspring optimizes Cloud-forward strategies to prevent risks and create value . The company hosts Cloud-based project management and engineering software solutions to help businesses achieve their goals and simplify their complex project needs .
For more information , visit https : //www.loadspring.com/ .
Witnesses have described terrifying scenes with people `` running for their lives '' after a terror-related explosion inside the New York subway system during Monday morning rush hour .
Police have named the suspect as Akayed Ullah , 27 , who strapped a pipe bomb to themselves with a combination of velcro and zip ties that exploded in the Port Authority Bus Terminal station about 7.20am .
New York governor Andrew Cuomo described the explosive as a `` low-tech device '' .
The New York Police Department confirmed Mr Ullah was in custody at Bellevue Hospital in a serious condition suffering from burns to their hands and abdomen .
BREAKING VIDEO : MOMENT OF EXPLOSION AT TIMES SQUARE SUBWAY STATION pic.twitter.com/bb6nEPwfqD — Breaking911 ( @ Breaking911 ) December 11 , 2017
Local media reported that the suspect was from Bangladesh and lived in Brooklyn , having been in the US for seven years .
Advertisement
Three other people suffered `` non-life-threatening '' injuries including ringing in their ears consistent with being close to an explosion , the New York Fire Department confirmed . One of the injured was a Port Authority police officer .
The device went off in an underground passageway between 7th and 8th avenues on 42nd St and was captured on surveillance video .
BREAKING PHOTO : The injured Manhattan terrorist after their bomb exploded prematurely pic.twitter.com/Rzr7Uldi4n — Breaking911 ( @ Breaking911 ) December 11 , 2017
New York mayor Bill de Blasio called it an `` attempted terrorist attack '' and said there were `` no known additional incidents or activities '' .
`` The choice of New York is always for a reason because we 're a beacon to the world and we actually show we show that a society of many faiths and many backgrounds can work and we show that democracy can work '' they said . `` Our enemies want to undermine that . ''
There was heavy police presence in the area as they responded to reports of an explosion near Times Square on Monday , December 11 , 2017 , in New York . Photo / AP
Witness Hakeem Blay , who works for New York sightseeing bus company TopView , told news.com.au they were standing outside the station when they heard a loud `` boom '' and saw people running from the station .
`` In the first minute or three minutes I just saw people coming out of the building , running out . I 'm like what 's going on ? '' they said .
`` I felt like something is going wrong because I 've never heard that explosion before . ''
Lots of emergency responders on 8th Ave. between 42nd and 43rd streets . pic.twitter.com/AdVuduoAoU — Niraj Chokshi ( @ NirajC ) December 11 , 2017
`` I just did n't know what is going on ; they were running for their lives . Very scary . ''
Commuter Diego Fernandez , who was caught up in the chaos , said : `` There was a stampede up the stairs to get out … Everybody was scared and running and shouting . ''
Witness Alicja Wlodkowski , 51 , told The New York Times they were in a restaurant when they saw people running .
At approximately 7:20am this morning we had a terror-related incident in NYC . NYPD Police officers responded to calls for an explosion inside the subway passageway on W. 42 Street between 7th & 8th Avenues . — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) December 11 , 2017
`` A woman fell , and nobody even stopped to help them because it was so crazy , '' they said . `` Then it all slowed down . I was standing and watching and scared . ''
The Port Authority Bus Terminal has now reopened and trains throughout the city are back up and running , after authorities completed a sweep of the scene .
`` This is New York . The reality is we are a target for many who would like to make a statement against democracy , against freedom , '' Mr Cuomo said at a press conference .
`` We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbour and that makes us an international target ; we understand that … ( but ) this is New York and we call pitch together and we are a savvy people and we keep our eyes open … and we have the best law enforcement on the globe . ''
The large bus and train station is one of the busiest in New York and connects Manhattan to New Jersey and other states . It is located directly opposite The New York Times office and is just blocks from Times Square in the heart of Midtown .
Police closed off the busy 8th Ave surrounding the station within minutes and footage from the scene showed an orderly evacuation .
Earlier , police confirmed they were investigating an explosion of `` unknown origin '' in
Manhattan , and that people were being evacuated from several train lines .
`` The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave , # Manhattan . The A , C and E line are being evacuated at this time . Info is preliminary , more when available , '' the New York Police Department tweeted .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said US President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion .
. @ POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City — Sarah Sanders ( @ PressSec ) December 11 , 2017
However the President 's first tweet of the morning was not related to the unfolding situation in their home city , but to lambaste The New York Times for its news coverage .
Another false story , this time in the Failing @ nytimes , that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong ! Also , I seldom , if ever , watch CNN or MSNBC , both of which I consider Fake News . I never watch Don Lemon , who I once called the “ dumbest man on television ! ” Bad Reporting . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 11 , 2017
`` Another false story , this time in the Failing @ nytimes , that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong ! '' they wrote .
`` Also , I seldom , if ever , watch CNN or MSNBC , both of which I consider Fake News . I never watch Don Lemon , who I once called the 'dumbest man on television ! ' Bad Reporting . ''
The event comes after eight people were killed and 11 injured after a 29-year-old man drove a white truck down a cycle lane into people on Halloween .
Sayfullo Saipov pleaded not guilty to murder and other criminal charges .
FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 . Richard Drew , File AP Photo
AIB and Bank of Ireland , which were among the worst performers in European stress tests in 2016 , are on track to fare better this year as they continue to lower their levels of troubled loans , according to analysts .
This time round , authorities are assessing for a 19.8 per cent fall in Irish house prices under a worst-case scenario , compared to 22.3 per cent priced in under the stress tests two years ago . And they are looking at a 21.8 per cent slump in Irish commercial real-estate valuations , compared to 28.4 per cent in 2016 .
While the European Banking Authority , overseeing the tests , are factoring in a marginally sharper contraction in Irish gross domestic product ( GDP ) under an adverse scenario this time round ( at 11 per cent , compared to 10 per cent previously ) , and a deeper drop in UK GDP and property prices , analysts see the two Irish banks gaining brownie points for the pace at which they have managed to lower their non-performing loans in the past two years .
‘ Fret less '
“ On balance , we think investors will fret less this time in Ireland , bearing in mind AIB and Bank of Ireland were two of the four worst performers in the 2016 tests , ” said Goodbody Stockbrokers analysts Eamonn Hughes in a note to clients this week .
Davy analysts Diarmaid Sheridan and Stephen Lyons said that the assumptions “ inform our view regarding dividends in the Irish banking sector , particularly at AIB ” . AIB returned to paying dividends last year for the first time since 2008 , while Bank of Ireland is on course in the coming months to make its first shareholder payout since the onset of the financial crisis .
Still , analysts do n't see AIB getting the go-ahead from regulators to start distributing surplus capital – estimated at €3 billion – until 2020 , based on 2019 results .
The State is to double its financial commitment to an organisation providing education for some of the world 's most vulnerable children .
The Department of Foreign Affairs has announced its intention to contribute €25 million over three years to the Global Partnership for Education ( GPE ) , which is dedicated to delivering education to some of the most marginalised and vulnerable people in the world 's poorest countries .
The State 's commitment to the fund is to rise from €4 million to €8 million per year .
The GPE held a conference in Dakar , Senegal , on Friday , hosted by Senegal 's president Macky Sall and French president Emmanuel Macron .
Minister of State for International Development Ciarán Cannon , who attended the event , said the State was at the vanguard of countries prioritising the education of children in conflict situations , an area which is an increasing focus for the GPE .
“ Ireland believes that quality education is a fundamental right , ” Mr Cannon said . “ The education of girls , in particular , has far-reaching effects on family health [ and ] nutrition and empowers girls to prioritise the education of their children . ”
About 130 million girls worldwide are unable to attend school , according to a new analysis from the charity ONE , which has welcomed the State 's increased contribution .
It says the lack of a decent education results in 2,800 avoidable deaths in the poorest countries every day , which is a global emergency that demands an urgent international response .
ONE co-founder Jamie Drummond said the State 's commitment “ harks back to a great Irish tradition of spreading education in the poorest regions of our world – but also promises to modernise this legacy for the challenges of the 21st-century ” .
School attendance
GPE efforts have led to millions more children attending primary school and more girls remaining in education into secondary level .
Plan International Ireland , the children 's rights organisation , said there were currently 264 million children out of school worldwide .
Plan International Ireland chief executive Paul O'Brien said the State 's contributions will help ensure every child receives a quality basic education .
“ As a country that recognises the value of education it is encouraging to see the Irish Government making a commitment to education in the developing world . I hope other countries will take their lead and increase their pledge to education , ” they said .
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
By Nadine Higgins
Video will play in Play now Do n't auto play
Never auto play
The world seems like a tinder box does n't it ? Like we 've got a garage full of expired fireworks and the house is on fire . Like it 's bonfire night and someone is flicking fuel around .
In the space of a week ( a week ! ) America has launched a barrage of missiles against Syria , dropped the so-called Mother of All Bombs on Islamic State in Afghanistan , and dispatched an aircraft carrier fleet to the Korean Peninsula .
Russia 's cheesed off , China 's not that happy , Bashar al-Assad is furious .
And then there 's North Korea . They launched a missile in the weekend in what was meant to be a show of strength , and probably a middle finger to the US , as it celebrated its founder 's birth .
It was a flop , of course , but it seems like the leaders of the most powerful country in the world and the most isolated and secretive are entering into a mighty dangerous pissing contest .
North Korea says it will continue to test missiles on a daily , weekly or yearly basis , and if America is reckless enough to use military means , an all-out war will result .
US Vice-President Mike Pence said they believe the `` era of strategic patience '' is over .
They said that while standing at the demilitarised zone ( DMZ ) ; the area that 's not at all demilitarised between North and South Korea .
That 's a fascinating place . I went there about seven years ago when John Key was on a trade mission , and I found the North Koreans put on an almighty show when an official delegation turns up .
Continued below .
Related Content NZ dollar gains vs yen after failed North Korea missile test ; dairy auction looms Getting paid to do nothing : Why the idea of China 's dibao is catching on Video Watch : Mike Pence highlights the importance of the joint US-South Korean mission
When Key was there they inched forward to the demarcation line , machine guns over their shoulders , and peered at us through binoculars even though we were only a few metres away .
Then they peered through the windows of the buildings that straddle the demarcation line while Key went inside . It was like a pantomime .
But it 's no joke , it 's the most heavily militarised border in the world and the US Marine tour guides tell you how bridges are loaded with explosives ready to be detonated at a moment 's notice should the North invade the South .
So if the era of strategic patience is over , what are we left with ?
We 've got two men with fragile egos and bad haircuts who are both prone to hasty responses and both have access to nuclear weapons .
Kim Jong-un is not known for showing mercy ( remember they allegedly had their own uncle and , more recently , their brother executed ) .
And Trump , whatever you think their strengths might be , manages to get into Twitter wars with music stars , rappers , and TV show hosts .
I 'm not sure I 'd describe them as a champion of the art of diplomacy . He 's more interested in shows of `` strength '' which are about as good as waving red rags at a bull .
It could well be that it 's all strategic rhetoric to convince Kim the US will do anything to stop him .
It could be that Kim does n't have the nuclear firepower he 'd like the world to think they do . It could all come to nought .
But I really do n't like the look of it . I 'm by no means an international relations expert and I do n't want to go all `` Chicken Little '' on you .
But does it seem to anyone else like we 're this close ? The push of a button or perhaps a perceived slight away from either World War III or the end of the world as we know it ?
- Newstalk ZB
Dive Brief :
Virtual reality technology can immerse students in environments they otherwise would n't be able to visit , though a professor and expert at Carnegie Mellon University says that the focus for districts should still be on experimentation over major investment in the tech , according to The Hechinger Report .
Jesse Schell , Carnegie Mellon professor and Schell Games founder and CEO , says the technology is particularly useful when educators need to immerse students in `` something that is difficult to visualize , '' ranging from things as literal as a volcanic eruption to abstract ideas .
Ongoing challenges include not only cost and the availability of content , but concerns about tethering students to a device , the lack of interaction between students and motion sickness .
Dive Insight :
VR , as well as related technologies like augmented and mixed reality , have significant potential for K-12 . But the technology is still at a stage where , just as desktop and laptop computers once were , the cost of entry is still prohibitively expensive on a broad scale . The breadth of content to take advantage of is also still limited due to the technology 's relative youth . Still , there are opportunities for schools to experiment , as Schell suggested .
Google , for instance , has made virtual field trips to inaccessible locations easier for history and social studies classes with its Cardboard viewers used in conjunction with the Expeditions app . And technologies like zSpace have expanded opportunities in STEM subjects with virtual interactive dissections , diagrams and experiments .
As these technologies mature and their costs lower , they 'll likely become key tools in educators ' toolboxes to provide realistic simulations for both technical skills and social-emotional learning soft skills . Those with the means to explore them now can help set the stage to better assist those not yet there when that time comes .
Scotland players tackle France 's prop Cyril Baille ( second right ) during the Six Nations match at the Stade de France . in Saint-Denis , on Sunday .
Paris : Guy Noves insisted France 's error-riddled Six Nations victory over Scotland was not a step backwards .
The hosts claimed a 22-16 victory at the Stade de France on Sunday despite being outscored two tries to one .
But after narrow defeats against the world 's top three sides in their previous three matches , Noves said that victory , despite a slightly disjointed performance , was a step in the right direction .
“ We 've been working on a rugby that suits our qualities for a year now , ” said Noves , who took over from Philippe Saint-Andre following the 2015 World Cup .
“ In fairness , the many mistakes could have given that impression ( that it was a step backwards ) , because apart from the try where we held on well to the ball , there was nothing .
“ I hope this is n't a backwards step , and I 'm not sure that winning takes us backwards .
“ And given everything we 've done in the last few matches , to suggest from one match that we 've gone backwards , that annoys me a bit . ”
Having succumbed in the final 10 minutes a week earlier despite leading for much of their 19-16 defeat to England at Twickenham , Noves was particularly pleased that their side won this match in the run-in .
Tries from Stuart Hogg and Tim Swinson either side of a score by Gael Fickou had twice given Scotland the lead .
Going into the final 10 minutes the scores were level at 16-16 but Camille Lopez knocked over their fourth and fifth penalties of the afternoon to earn France the victory .
France made a lot of handling errors , in particular due to ambitious offloads not coming off , but Noves has no intention of altering their expansive style of play .
“ We do n't intend changing our artillery . Once again , I 'd like to point to the last quarter of an hour which this time favoured us .
“ We were very strong in contact , we were beaten in the rucks so we 'll learn our lessons ahead of the trip to Ireland .
“ But it 's mostly the lack of continuity in our play that dissatisfied me . ”
If Noves was unhappy with their team 's rucking , frustrated Scotland coach Vern Cotter acknowledged that France were on top at the scrum .
And they said that was why their team failed to kick on from their good starts to either half .
“ They obviously got the upper hand at scrum time , which gave them field position , ” said the New Zealander .
“ We needed field position but did n't have it . We 'll look at a couple of turnover balls that we did n't play effectively , but credit to the French . They played it well to the end .
“ The rucks were hard work , our plan did n't come off . ”
Scotland took away the losing bonus point and will be relatively pleased with their five point haul from their opening two games .
And Cotter said their team will use this experience to motivate them ahead of their next clash against Wales in two weeks ' time .
“ There is frustration and we 'll use that frustration to kick off next week 's training , ” said Cotter .
— AFP
Wedding day could be the most auspicious and vital day of one 's life and its gorgeous snapshots are just about the most important items within the most precious treasure box of memories . Weddings are an altogether collection of your unique ceremonies and capturing its each and every single flavor is really a complex job which requires proper mechanism and precision . Get extra information about Wedding photos
Professional wedding photography solutions came into the picture with the drastic growth in demand for capturing the wedding snapshots inside a ideal way . This arena of photography will depend on specific critical factors like the photography devices , artistic method as well as the relevant knowledge to capture graceful and attractive wedding moments . Hiring an expert wedding photographer enables one particular to get additional extraordinary photographs thereby raising the charm from the memories .
Style
One of the essential components which one ought to seek for is definitely an efficacious sense of style . By hiring a competent wedding photography experienced whose style matches up to the particular requirements and preferences enables the wedding couple to acquire the ideal appear . 1 can do a brief study about the distinctive types of wedding photography and thereby hire a wedding photographer who is effectively skilled in that certain type .
Accustomed with High-End Devices
Specialist wedding photographers are familiar with the sophisticated camera as well as other sophisticated devices which capture of the images within a precise way . In addition , they use certain backup equipments also to prevent the failures and uncertainties throughout the occasion . Ranging in the camera stand to battery chargers to other needed tools they love suitable access to quite a few added accessories , lenses and lights which may well require at the time of capturing photos .
Typical Operates and Flow of Time
With relevant knowledge , the authorities can cope with each of the noted possibilities of your wedding day and in comparison to the other non-professional photographers , they could deal with any type of situation and provide normal function . In addition , these keen pros are efficient in producing ideal use of timing and flow for image capturing . They capture beautiful pictures within a systematic way which can feature many human feelings with spontaneity and laughter .
Reliability and Communication
1 should hire an expert wedding photographer who can communicate nicely using the entire bridal ceremony members . Normally , they may be in a position to capture the real emotions on the members with the wedding party by interacting with them within a relaxing and compassionate way .
Skilled wedding photographers offer photography solutions with a perfect blend of quality and creativity . The key advantage of capturing the most treasured photographs of wedding ceremony by a professional wedding photographer is the fact that they will make the folks look inside a all-natural and elegant way thereby raising the overall charm and beauty of them .
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle Pause
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing : What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
2:37 Chandler Hutchison : `` We 're just not making shots . ''
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho 's Teton Dam collapse
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month 's worth of food
1:38 Former Boise State TE battling cancer
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
Cape Town , on South Africa 's southwest coast , is a “ glorious ” place and rather than dream about living there , “ strongman ” John McGrath moved to the city in 2009 after the Irish economy and , subsequently , their life collapsed .
“ I owned a gym in Waterford and was training hurling players among others . I had invested all my savings in property . Life was good . Then the recession came , ” they say .
“ One of the first things people cancel when things get bad financially is their gym membership . On top of that , all the properties I had invested in lost their value by half . Like most Irish people I was in negative equity and eventually lost everything . ”
But rather than look back with bitterness and anger , McGrath is philosophical . “ It made me leave Ireland and start a new life here so , in a weird sense , it was probably the best thing that could have happened . ”
They say they came to the southern hemisphere to seek something different and the life that opened up was “ phenomenal ” .
Mentor
Since arriving in South Africa , McGrath has tapped into their smorgasbord of sporting achievements and has become a gym owner , rugby coach , mentor , corporate speaker and more .
Originally from Lismore , Co Waterford , McGrath started rowing at the age of 13 and ended up on the Irish team , winning the International Open Championships gold in Belgium and a sports scholarship from the Waterford Institute of Technology .
Their rowing career came to an abrupt end when they suffered a back injury during a race aged 24 . But McGrath had no intention on giving up on sport . They took up martial arts and earned five black belts . They were trained in Hapkido by Bruce Lee 's coach DoJuNim in New York , and learned the art of Kombatan in the Philippines before their fascination with old-time strongmen took their career on yet another path .
“ Strongman skills require huge amounts of discipline and training so I can do things like to tear up phone books or break chains with my breath . ”
Now they use these strongman skills to inspire young people in the townships around Cape Town . “ I give motivational speeches to kids and gang members and show them how I bend nails and break out of handcuffs . I grew up with no running water or electricity , so it 's important for them to know that you can rise above any difficult situation and become something if you apply mental strength . ”
McGrath says the concept of maintaining peak physical performance is the ultimate metaphor for changing your life . “ Forging martial arts with strongmen principles is a unique but effective way to live and I use it to train local athletes to achieve peak performance , ” they say .
World Champion
One of these athletes , Luvo Manyonga , has gone on to great things . McGrath had heard about their rare talent and tracked them down in a township in 2013 . Manyonga , a former crystal meth addict , had been banned by the sports governing body at the time . Their coach had died and their life was in turmoil .
“ When I met Luvo for the first time , they were in poor condition – their lips blue-grey , their body malnourished and weak and in their heaviest state of addiction . What Luvo needed was a friend and then someone to believe and share in their dreams . ”
They did lots of mental and physical strength training and they overcame their demons and dysfunctions to qualify for the Olympic Games in Rio , against all the odds , ” they say . They won silver and went on to become world champion at the 2017 World Championships in London .
Potential Olympians
McGrath has since been working with long-jump and pole-vaulting protégés who they see as potential Olympians .
“ I keep my ear to the ground , do a lot of nurturing . It 's never straightforward , but I want to help people want to succeed , if that 's what they really want to do . This area boasts some of the finest long jumpers in the world and there is so much potential . ”
McGrath has taken their training and motivation to the corporate world as well and addressed 700 GAA coaches at a coaching seminar in Croke Park last month .
“ I believe the same foundational principles of high performance as an athlete or team apply to business excellence . ”
In the coming year , McGrath is going to be the subject of a documentary for Irish television and they are writing a book . “ I 'm also hoping in the future to do more corporate training and motivational conferences and speeches around Ireland and Europe .
“ The funny thing for me is that , by leaving Ireland , my career has opened up there now and people are starting to know me back home , ” they say .
And as for anyone thinking of coming to Cape Town , they say : “ Do it . You can be what you want to be here . You can find your own tribe . ”
But there are difficulties too , they add . “ The visa requirements are tough , so you need to get an employer to take you on . It 's not as cheap as people think and salaries are low . ”
Also there are socioeconomic problems here and life can be up and down like it is anywhere else . But there 's a lot of space and people are open to extraordinary things ; and if you take the risk you can achieve a lot . ”
ISLAMABAD ( AP ) — Pakistan is still mulling Afghanistan 's recent overtures , including an invitation that Pakistani prime minister visit Kabul .
Analysts widely see the offer as a good sign , underscoring that dialogue between the two often uneasy neighbors is key to defeating militants on both sides of the border .
Pakistan , however , says it wants to consult the country 's political and military leadership before accepting Afghan President Ashraf Ghani 's invitation .
The invitation follows a visit last weekend to Kabul by Pakistan 's National Security Adviser Nasser Janjua and also last month 's offer by Ghani of unconditional talks with the Taliban .
Advertisement
The Taliban have not responded yet .
Pakistan 's foreign ministry spokesperson Moahmmad Faisal said on Tuesday the country 's political and military leaders are carefully considering the invitation in order `` to prepare a brief for the prime minister . ''
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring their unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show 's 43rd season on PBS , on Oct. 7 .
Related : Ed Sheeran 's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘ Perfect '
Today Sheeran shared the performance of their hit single “ Shape of You ” from the program .
The Pretenders , Zac Brown Band , Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker , Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season .
Check out “ Shape of You ” below .
301 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type ( 301 Annealed,301 1/4 Hard , 301 1/2 Hard , 301 Full Hard ) by Application /End User ( Equipment Parts , Computer Parts ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends , and Forecast 2018–2026 .
This report studies the 301 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the 301 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 301 Stainless Steel ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall 301 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/301-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
301 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 301 Annealed
• 301 1/4 Hard
• 301 1/2 Hard
• 301 Full Hard
301 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Equipment Parts
• Computer Parts
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/301-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
The developer of a new luxury apartment complex opening up in Chinatown said it very well could be the start of a new trend in the Las Vegas real estate market . ( FOX5 )
The developer of a new luxury apartment complex opening up in Chinatown said it very well could be the start of a new trend in the Las Vegas real estate market .
Developers at Lotus Luxury Apartments , off of West Spring Mountain Road and South Valley View Boulevard , said believe they are the ones starting a trend for millennials who want to live close to where they work . The complex is a big upgrade for an area that has n't seen anything too new in awhile , they said .
Developer Alison Burk said young people who want to lease in Chinatown only have a few choices : either live there , or live somewhere built before they were born .
`` Most of the apartments that are true rentals in this area were built during the 1980s , '' they said . `` We 're the first ones , so at this point we have no competition . The next project is probably 18 to 24 months from coming to life here . ''
Some said they believe investing in the area is risky . Burk disagreed . They said they believe Chinatown is a premier spot for growth because of its access to the Strip and access to Interstate 15 . They also pointed to 150 restaurants within three blocks of the complex .
`` Not only for tourists , but for locals , it 's a big hangout spot , '' Burk said . `` Chinatown is sort of the hip place to be in Las Vegas right now ... People thought we were crazy when we first started this development , but now everyone 's sort of catching on and now everyone wants to be in the area . ''
Mike Mixer , the president of the NAIOP board , said they think Lotus Luxury Apartments are on to something .
`` I think there is a lot of demand for this product at this location and it will continue to add positive energy to this growing district , '' they wrote . `` This innovative housing project also brings with it some exciting new restaurants and retailers many of which are brand new to our market . ''
Lotus planned to eventually add three new restaurants to its complex . Burk was n't at liberty to drop names , but they gave hints .
`` We have a taco place coming in , omakase coming in and more of a comfort food , '' they said . `` Some of those will be offering services to our residents delivering to the pool , to their units , and then it 's also open to the public . ''
The complex also features pool tables , two fitness centers , swimming pools , a DJ booth at the pool , a karaoke room , a spin/yoga room and units with Strip views . Approximately 28 people lived there as of April 30 , as the apartments take on the second phase of development . Burk said more than 70 units ( 25 percent of the complex ) is leased , and they already have up to 100 tours per week .
`` The traffic is crazy high , '' they said . `` That was luck . This was all a concept before we knew anything about the Raiders or hockey coming to town . I think at the time maybe they were talking about soccer ? ''
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
A famous Chinese `` rooftopper '' fell to their death from a skyscraper in a daring $ 21,000 challenge as they sought to use their fame to help lift their family out of poverty , media reported .
Wu Yongning , 26 , fell from the summit of the 62-storey Huayuan Hua Centre in the central city of Changsha , apparently as they tried to scoop 100,000 yuan ( $ 21,000 ) for a clip promoting an unnamed sponsor , reports say .
The former movie stuntman had one million followers on the Chinese internet and was well known for fearlessly scaling towering skyscrapers without safety equipment , the Telegraph reported .
More than 300 videos of them tip-toeing on scaffolding or doing pull-ups as they hung from huge buildings were widely shared by their fans .
Advertisement
However , their account on Sina Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , went silent about a month ago after they purportedly attempted the Changsha skyscraper .
The former movie stuntman was well known for fearlessly scaling towering skyscrapers without safety equipment . Photo / QQ / Weibo
And last Friday their girlfriend wrote online : `` Today is December 8th . It makes me think of November 8th , the day you left us and left this world . ''
The Changsha Evening News said Wu was seeking to make money for their poverty-stricken family and pay medical costs for their mother , who suffers from a mental condition .
Local officials said authorities would support their family following the accident .
Police confirmed that Wu died when they fell from the Huayuan Hua Centre on November 8 , reports said .
Their family were quoted in a news portal run by Beijing News that they were due to receive a huge cash payout for a two-minute clip on a Changsha skyscraper on the same date .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
They might look the same — but not all wealth managers are alike
Image copyright GMP Image caption Vincenzo Tavano was told they must serve at least 17 years
A debtor who confronted their lender before grabbing their throat and choking them to death has been jailed for life .
Giorgio Roncari , known as Giuseppe , was found dead in their flat in Blackburn Street , Salford on 17 April .
After killing the 61-year-old , Vincento Tavano , of Park Lane in Poynton , Cheshire stole their car and bank cards before using them in shops and online .
Tavano , 33 , who admitted murder at an earlier hearing at Manchester Crown Court , will serve at least 17 years .
Tavano went to Mr Roncari 's flat on 15 April and attacked them when challenged over their debt , Greater Manchester Police said .
Following the discovery of Mr Roncari 's body two days later , detectives discovered their Jaguar was missing .
The car was found on 20 April in Chester Street , Manchester . CCTV footage showed Tavano had parked there .
'Immoral and opportunist '
Around the same time , credit cards belonging to Mr Roncari were used to make online purchases , some of which were collected in stores in Manchester .
These items were collected by Tavano who was then tracked by CCTV to another store where a further transaction took place using a stolen bank card .
Tavano was arrested on suspicion of murder and , despite answering `` no comment '' to questions , later fully admitted their involvement .
Senior Investigating Officer Duncan Thorpe said : `` Tavano 's anger fuelled their actions that night , taking a man 's life over a dispute .
`` The immoral and opportunist behaviour they displayed after they murdered a man proves there is no place better for them than behind bars .
`` Giorgio was a well-liked and popular man in Salford and will be terribly missed . ''
MONTPELIER , Vt. ( AP ) — The Latest on a ski resort owner who agreed to pay back $ 81 million they were accused of using illegally ( all times local ) :
7 p.m .
Vermont Gov . Phil Scott has expressed their appreciation for the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission 's work investigating a ski resort owner who has agreed to pay back $ 81 million they were accused of using illegally .
Miami business person Ariel Quiros was accused of massive fraud involving foreign investors ' money in Vermont 's Jay Peak ski area . They have agreed to give up ownership of two ski resorts and says he 's pleased to be another step closer to resolving the claims against him .
Advertisement
The Republican governor and Democratic state Attorney General T.J. Donovan said Friday the SEC settlement with Quiros will provide a federal receiver with legal title to the Jay Peak Resort , the Burke Mountain Resort and other properties acquired by Quiros with investor money .
___
1 p.m .
The Securities and Exchange Commission says a Miami business person accused of massive fraud involving foreign investors ' money in a Vermont ski area has agreed to pay back more than $ 81 million .
The SEC announced the settlement with Ariel Quiros Friday . It must be approved by a court .
The SEC says Quiros was accused of misusing more than $ 50 million in investor funds to buy another resort and to pay for personal expenses such as two luxury New York City condominiums . And companies that Quiros owned allegedly failed to contribute about $ 30 million in investor money toward construction at Jay Peak ski resort .
Quiros has agreed to give up ownership of the two condos , Jay Peak and Burke Mountain resorts and their stake in more than a dozen properties .
The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations recovered $ 14,360.12 in back wages and penalties on a wage complaint made by two surf instructors hired by a Maui business that offers a variety of ocean-related recreational activities .
“ The Legislature created a new administrative process for wage law along with a new , minimum $ 500 penalty to act as a deterrent , ” said DLIR acting Director Leonard Hoshijo . “ By adding more teeth to the enforcement of wage laws , the Legislature is helping us ensure that workers are paid fairly for the work they perform . ”
The department collected $ 13,360.12 , which included twice the amount of unpaid wages and interest due to the surf instructors , plus a penalty of $ 1,000 to the State general fund . State officials say the change in the law provided an efficient process to implement existing penalties payable to employees , recover unpaid wages , and impose an administrative penalty paid to the State .
The Payment of Wages and Other Compensation Law , Chapter 388 , Hawaiʻi Revised Statutes , applies to all private businesses with employees working in Hawaiʻi .
Department officials suggest that employers to review their payment processes if they want to avoid paying these penalties . Some common problems that occur are : failure to notify employees at the time of hiring of the rate of pay , the time and place of payment ; failing to notify employees in writing of any changes to payment agreements ; failure to pay employees at least twice a month ; failure to pay employees within seven days after the end of the pay period ; and failure to pay an employee their full wages due at the time when the employee is terminated . All of these common violations were cited in this Maui case .
The department did not specify the name of the Maui business involved in the case .
[ Noozhawk 's note : One in a series on Santa Barbara Partners in Education volunteers . This article is sponsored by MarBorg Industries , a partner in Education President 's Council member . ]
Lucia Rushton , PathPoint 's employment specialist , first connected with Santa Barbara Partners in Education hoping to bolster their efforts to help adults with disabilities develop their skills and find jobs . As a result , PathPoint clients — turned Partners in Education volunteers — were given opportunities to make a real and direct impact on students ' perceptions of people with disabilities .
“ It 's important for students to understand that there are people with disabilities right here in our community , ” said Rushton . “ With many students having never interacted with a person with a disability , these opportunities for discussion provide kids with a higher comfort level and knowledge when moving out into the workforce and working with people from different walks of life . ”
The nonprofit PathPoint provides comprehensive training and support services that empower people with disabilities and disadvantages to live and work as valued members of the community . Rushton has worked with the organization since July 2010 .
| Partners in Education President 's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
Michelle Magnusson , Partners in Education 's development and membership director , calls Rushton “ a tireless advocate for people with disabilities . ”
“ Our staff love working with them because they are passionate , reliable and kind , ” Magnusson said . “ On top of sending us volunteers , they have personally spent time helping high school students as an interview coach .
“ She 's an invaluable liaison for connecting PathPoint clients with volunteer opportunities to assist them in developing job skills and experience . ”
Through volunteering , PathPoint clients are able to build their soft skills through guest-speaking opportunities and mock job interviews , while students gain insight into living with a disability .
Students learn that disabilities do not have to hinder people from being successful in the professional arena . On top of that , they learn more about PathPoint and career options it provides . Many students report back that they never knew there were organizations like PathPoint doing this kind of work .
“ Creating relationships with local organizations and businesses is ever so important , ” Rushton said . “ These days , young people might graduate from high school only to get lost in the ‘ real world . ' Having a bridge — a relationship with the workforce — creates self-esteem , strength of character and a strong work ethic . ”
Rushton thinks their clients gain as much from the experience as do the students .
“ Partners in Education is a phenomenal nonprofit that supports and praises the volunteers I send to them , which gives them a boost of self esteem , which then helps them to better pursue their own goals , ” they said .
Put simply , volunteering makes people feel good . It 's the kind of symbiotic relationship that Partners in Education hopes will inspire many other businesses to get involved .
» Click here for more information on Santa Barbara Partners in Education .
» Click here for more information on how to become a President 's Council member or contact Michelle Magnusson , development and membership director , at 805.964.4710 x4417 or . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
» Click here for a related article from Partners in Education board president Lynda Nahra .
» Connect with Partners in Education on Facebook .
| Partners in Education President 's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
— Devin Urbany is a Noozhawk intern through the Santa Barbara Partners in Education internship program .
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) — The Latest on a shooting at Tennessee restaurant that left four dead ( all times local ) :
12:10 p.m .
In a brief address that drew a standing ovation , the man who snatched an AR-15 rifle away from a gunman at a Tennessee restaurant has told state lawmakers they faced `` the true test of a man . ''
As the Republican-led House honored them Tuesday , James Shaw Jr. said they acted early Sunday at a Nashville Waffle House to save their lives , and saved others in the process . They said they never thought he 'd be in a room with all eyes on him .
Advertisement
Shaw Jr. has said they made a split-second decision to challenge the suspect . They got the gun away and threw it over a counter .
Their father , James Shaw Sr. , and longtime friend Brennan McMurray also briefly spoke Tuesday .
Travis Reinking is charged with four counts of criminal homicide in the shooting .
The Senate will also honor Shaw Jr. Tuesday afternoon .
___
10:50 a.m .
A Nashville judge has revoked the bond of a man accused of killing four people at a Waffle House restaurant .
Court records show that a judge struck the $ 2 million bond for Travis Reinking until a hearing can be held Wednesday . The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond .
Reinking has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide . Police say the 29-year-old man opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant , wearing only a green jacket . Four other people were injured in the shooting .
An attorney listed as Reinking 's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment .
___
12:01 a.m .
Police say Travis Reinking had stolen a BMW from a Nashville area car dealer last week . They discovered it outside the apartment where they lived and hauled it away . But they did n't figure out who had stolen the car until after tragedy struck .
By then , police say , the 29-year-old with a troubled past had shot four people to death in a Waffle House not far from where they lived . If not for the efforts of a customer who wrestled the gun away , many more would have died .
Their arrest ended a manhunt that involved more than 160 law enforcement officers . But it left troubling questions about their behavior before the shooting unanswered .
Those questions included what might have led them to the carnage they are said to have unleashed at the Waffle House .
1:25 Straightforward Richard Sherman after Seahawks win at SF Pause
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies
1:33 Hands On Children 's Museum rings in the new year
1:06 Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
3:38 Pete Carroll was `` in outer space '' pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
1:10 Frank Clark on fumble recovery , double-digit sack season for Seahawks
Over the years , international rugby players have been exhorted to ever greater feats of skill , strength and endurance .
But , until now , no one has asked them to disappear .
That , however , seems to be the intention behind England 's new autumn kit , which purports to use state-of-the-art camouflage technology to `` mask player movement '' .
The alternative dark grey outfit , to be worn against Argentina next month and by the women 's team against Canada , is accentuated with a `` fiery red fade '' , intended to blur the ball-carrier as opposition players charge in for the tackle .
Advertisement
Manufactured by Canterbury , the design is said to be in keeping with head coach Eddie Jones 's vision of playing `` disruptive and uncompromising '' rugby .
But tonight scientists were scratching their heads as to whether the kit will actually make a difference .
Meanwhile fans took to social media to criticise the £95 fresh design - the eighth in the last three years - as a revenue-raising stunt .
Grey has a mixed history as a sporting colour . In 1996 , Alex Ferguson famously ordered their Manchester United players to change out of their grey strip halfway through a losing game at Southampton after they complained they could not see each other against the crowd , while last month the Welsh football team announced they were ditching their grey kit because the players considered it unlucky .
The Rugby Football Union has traditionally been eager to embrace technological innovation , making in 2003 England the first nation in the world world to eschew traditional cotton shirts in favour a hard-to-tackle , tight-fitting design .
Most of the recent advances , however , have centered around the breathability of the shirt , rather than making it harder to see .
Professor Wendy Adams , an expert in human visual perception at the University of Southampton , said that any advantage gained from the fading design was likely to be squandered by the high-contrast O2 symbol emblazoned on the front of the shirts .
But they added : `` The dark grey of the colour of the fabric could , in principle , reduce the salience of visual contours , such as shadow boundaries within the players ' bodies , when compared to a white kit , for example .
`` The gradual change from grey to red may also be less likely to attract attention than a sharp grey-red boundary . ''
Camouflage attempts to conceal objects from detection by softening their true boundary as well as by using confusing patterns to suggest outlines that do not exist .
However , the value of such techniques tends to be lost with movement .
A further type of `` dazzle camouflage '' can be employed , not to hide objects , but to make it difficult to judge accurately their position and movement , such as was used extensively by Royal Navy ships in the First World War .
Professor Adams suggested the new England shirt design may owe something to this concept .
Canterbury said it created the pattern based on `` distraction principles '' , but was unwilling to give further detail .
England Captain Dylan Harley said the shirt : `` Gives us real confidence to know we are wearing the best possible kit . ''
The weight of the kit has also been reduced by 20gsm , making it the lightest ever made by the manufacturer .
Three years ago England were heavily criticised for using the image from the Victoria Cross medal on its shirts .
Chase Carey says F1 wants to keep Germany on the calendar .
The country is missing on this year 's schedule but will return next season .
But beyond 2018 , there is no deal in place yet for a race in either Hockenheim or the Nurburgring .
F1 chief executive Carey told Die Welt newspaper : `` Germany is very important .
`` We are very clear about growth in America and Asia . But the importance of the foundation of the sport is clearly the top priority , and the foundation of the sport is in western Europe .
`` Germany is the largest and most prosperous country in western Europe with a great sports history . Our world champion is German , our constructors ' world champion is German .
`` We would like to build on what we already have in Germany , and an event is obviously an important part of it , '' Carey added . `` So we need to see where and how we can make it happen . ''
Carey was also asked about uncertainty surrounding Germany 's free-to-air television coverage , but they answered : `` I will not publicly negotiate .
`` Publicity usually leads to disagreement and hinders decision-making and the ability to build genuine partnerships , '' the American insisted .
TOKYO ( AP ) — The Latest on the anniversary of the 1995 Tokyo subway nerve gas attack ( all times local ) :
12:40 p.m .
Tokyo subway employees have marked the 23rd anniversary of a nerve gas attack that killed 13 people and sickened thousands at several stations .
Uniformed workers bowed their heads in silence Tuesday at Kasumigaseki station , one of those targeted by the Aum Shinrikyo religious cult .
Advertisement
The current station head and the 71-year-old widow of an assistant stationmaster who died in the attack placed flowers on a temporary altar set up for offerings .
Thirteen cult members have been sentenced to death for the March 20 , 1995 , attack and other crimes .
Kyodo News service quoted the widow Shizue Takahashi saying the trials went on for a long time , and they feel the process has entered the next stage .
___
10:20 a.m .
Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes . But when is uncertain . Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan 's death penalty system .
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars , sickening thousands and killing 13 . Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all .
The relocation of seven of the convicts to detention centers outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent . Accomplices are customarily hanged on the same day .
The executions wo n't be announced until after they occur .
BROKERING BUDS : Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they 're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire .
BROKERING BUDS : Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they 're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire . Marian Faa
A BOLD pair of brokers who banded together to fight centralisation are finally taking off their suit ties and retiring after 27 years in business .
When Warwick 's Suncorp branch announced it was slashing Warwick staff and centralising back in 1991 , Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson decided they would seize a new opportunity .
The pair backed each another in a brave step to become the region 's first insurance brokers and the only independent brokers .
`` It was challenging , that 's for sure , '' Mr McKenzie said .
Starting from nothing , the two worked tireless hours and lived solely off savings for their first year of business .
But through the years , Darling Downs Insurance Brokers ' reputation began to spread across the country .
`` Our first client was mayor of the time , Stan Walsh , which gave a boost to our confidence , '' Mr Munson said .
In their first four years , the independent brokers took on 2500clients .
BEGINNINGS : Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson in the early days of their business , Darling Downs Insurance Brokers . Contributed
But a challenge for the small-town brokers came with the new millennium when the Financial Services Reform Act was passed in April 2001 .
The act meant the business would have to expand by at least 30per cent in order to survive the new costs imposed on insurance brokers .
Keeping the dream alive , the pair purchased books of business from three other companies in town , including Ray Lyons and Andrew Brennan .
Establishing an office in Toowoomba , the name of the business changed from Warwick and District Insurance Broker to its name of today .
Through the years , the business has grown to service customers right across the country .
`` It 's nothing for us to have clients from Tasmania , Perth ... and most of those are people who have lived in Warwick but moved away and stayed with us , '' Mr Munson said .
Today , the company 's household policy is regarded as one of the best in Australia .
`` I think Peter and I got on very well . I do n't think we have had a cross word in 27 years , '' Mr Munson said .
Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson look back on 27 years of success . Marian Faa
With only six staff members through the business in that whole time , they seem to be treating their employees right too .
`` It 's the people and the camaraderie that has been the highlight , '' MrMcKenzie said .
But as the pair prepare to farewell their fruitful careers , they say all will be business as usual for new and existing clients .
The company will be taken over by Paul 's son , Andrew Munson , and Brad Millard , who have both been working in the business for a number of years .
While Mr Munson jets off to Europe in time for the Armistice Day centenary celebrations in London , MrMcKenzie will be putting up their feet and taking a well-earned rest while they contemplate the next chapter of their life . Both plan to remain in the Warwick region , where they were born and bred .
Both plan to remain in Warwick - the region where they were born and bred .
Mr Munson and Mr McKenzie would like to invite their clients for a farewell `` cuppa '' at their Warwick office at 70 Grafton St this Friday between 10am and 2pm .
This is a sponsored post written on behalf of Affirm , Inc. All opinions are my own . I 've always been passionate about music and I 've ...
This is a sponsored post written on behalf of Affirm , Inc. All opinions are my own .
I 've always been passionate about music and I 've shared that passion with my friends and family . People often come to me when they want to discover some new music . In additional to being a huge music connoisseur , I 've also had a great desire to create music . In middle school , I played the trumpet in band class . Of the six trumpet players in the class , I always earned 7th chair . I 've dabbled with keyboards and drums , but no instrument tugged at my heart like the guitar .
When I was child , I discovered an old Fender guitar stuck in the back of a closet . The body was in bad shape , the frets were broken and the strings were terribly out of tune . I soon discovered that it had belonged to my father . It was one of the relics of my parents divorce . My older cousin told me that my father was a pretty good guitar player who inspired them to take up the instrument . I decided to do the same .
Although I had no idea what I was doing , I 'd rock out like I was a member of an 80s hairband ( back when I actually had hair ) . As I grew older , my passion for music increased . I spent countless hours listening to jazz , rock , hip-hop , gospel , and R & B music on my low-budget record player . I tried to play along with the records , but that old Fender was in no shape to keep up .
It finally broke down in the middle of a Prince song . I knew my mother could n't afford to buy me a new guitar or pay for lessons , so I placed all of my musical aspirations aside .
Nearly three decades later , I 've been bitten by the guitar bug again . I happened to be driving by a guitar shop , and the allure of the six string siren drew me in . The walls of guitars made my heart flutter , but I played it cool . I did n't want to go overboard and buy an expensive guitar only to place it in a closet to collect dust after a few plays . I decided to go home and do some research before I invested in an instrument .
I visited a guitar store website searched for several hours until I settled on the Little Martin LXME acoustic-electric guitar . I selected this one because its small size makes it ideal for playing in my apartment or taking it on a trip .
When I went to check out , I noticed an option to buy with monthly payments . I clicked the Learn More link and discovered that I could make easy monthly payments over 3 , 6 , or 12 months with Affirm . All I had to do was enter a few pieces of information for a real-time decision .
The guitar cost $ 419 and I applied for a loan for the full amount . Unlike some credit cards , with Affirm , you know upfront exactly how much something will cost you with no hidden fees . You pay simple vs. compounding interest , so you only pay interest on your purchase—never interest on your interest .
My total interest at 10 % APR came to $ 7.00 bringing the cost of the guitar to $ 426.00 . With free shipping from Chicago Music Exchange and the ability to pay over time , I was pleased with the overall experience .
Thanks to Affirm , I can pursue my musical dreams . Although I know I will never be the next Jimi Hendrix , I love playing the guitar . It gives me a sense of peace and comfort and allows me to relax . There is something about having my fingers connect with the wood and steel that pleases my soul unlike anything else .
I will definitely use Affirm again when I have made a large purchase because the process is transparent and simple.​
Tweet us @ mochamanstyle or leave a comment on our Facebook Page to share your thoughts on this article . Follow us on Instagram @ mochamanstyle
This is a sponsored conversation written by me on behalf of Affirm , Inc . The opinions and text are all mine .
As Santa Barbara celebrates the beginning of summer , the Santa Barbara Center for the Performing Arts ' Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement is introducing a series of family-friendly activities , including “ Parades at the Granada Theatre , ” an opportunity to experience Santa Barbara 's State Street parades from seats right in front of the theater .
The Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement works to support the SBCPA 's commitment to ensuring that the entire community is actively engaged with , and inspired by , the Granada Theatre .
This year , the Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement is presenting “ Parades at the Granada Theatre ” for the Summer Solstice , Fiesta and the Downtown Holiday Parades . Contributors to the SBCPA Annual Fund , at any level , are invited to come watch the Summer Solstice Parade this Saturday with fellow friends and supporters of the Granada Theatre .
Guests will enjoy special seating on State Street in front of the theater and have the opportunity to visit inside the theater for festive sips and bites .
“ Parades at the Granada Theatre ” begins a new SBCPA tradition bringing together contributors at all levels — to celebrate Santa Barbara culture . These opportunities build a broader base of support within the community and engage supporters with the nonprofit Granada Theatre in a family-friendly way .
“ The Santa Barbara Center for the Performing Arts is grateful to Morrie and Irma Jurkowitz for establishing the Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement in honor of their beloved daughter , Debbie , and grandson , Michael , whose lives were lost in a tragic automobile accident eleven years ago , ” said Craig Springer , the Chrisman Executive Director of the Santa Barbara Center for the Performing Arts . “ These events are part of the Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement 's goal of opening the Granada Theatre to the entire community . ‘ Parades at The Granada Theatre ' are a wonderful opportunity to experience the theater and State Street parades in a new and comfortable way . ”
Irma and Morrie Jurkowitz , who previously owned the Granada Theatre for many years , are remarkably generous longtime Santa Barbara residents and were instrumental in establishing the SBCPA , the nonprofit entrusted with the care and operation of the historic Granada Theatre . They are one of six Legacy Donors to the theater 's restoration campaign , and they continue to support many local arts and educational non-profit organizations , including Santa Barbara Community College .
The Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement future activities will include an array of engagement programs , accomplished by working in close partnership with the theater 's resident companies , local schools , social service and community organizations , as well as other major arts organizations . The Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement will play a key role in supporting the Granada Theatre 's mission to serve as a vibrant , welcoming venue promoting appreciation for excellence in the performing arts and enhance the quality of life in the community .
As part of the theater 's ongoing community engagement efforts , the Granada Theatre regularly presents family-oriented performances , often accompanied by “ meet-and-greet the artists ” opportunities . Every year , the Granada Theatre also underwrites facility fees for education programming held at the theater by the Santa Barbara Symphony and Music Academy of the West , as well as the annual San Marcos High School student-led fundraiser Kids Helping Kids .
To learn more about the Granada Theatre 's Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement and about “ Parades at The Granada Theatre , ” click here or call 805.899.3000 . For more information on supporting the Jurkowitz Center for Community Engagement , please contact Kristi Newton , director of development , at 805.451.2932 or . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing the Granada Theatre .
PENDLETON , Ore. ( AP ) – An Oregon fire chief announced their sudden retirement following a two-and-a-half-year span in the position .
The East Oregonian reports Pendleton Fire Chief Mike Ciraulo retired Monday , effective immediately .
According to a release Monday , Ciraulo and the city administration began having discussions about their retirement over the past two weeks . Although talks initially revolved around departing on June 30 , the retirement date was moved up to Monday once Ciraulo committed to leaving the fire department .
City Manager Robb Corbett referred questions about what led to the retirement discussions to Ciraulo , but says it was the fire chief 's decision .
Ciraulo declined to say whether the retirement was their decision or a directive from city administration .
Stuart Roberts , police chief and public safety director for the city , says Assistant Fire Chief Shawn Penninger will be interim fire chief .
—
Information from : East Oregonian , http : //www.eastoregonian.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans look away now : Mohamed Salah will reportedly be tempted by Real Madrid .
Don Balon the 25-year-old has asked Anfield chiefs for more time to make a decision .
The publication previously reported that a total agreement has been reached with the Egypt international .
Salah has been in fine fettle for the Reds this term , bagging more than 40 goals and scooping the PFA Player of the Year Award .
Real are hoping to bag the Liverpool forward in a bid to send a message to Barcelona .
Fiorentina Perez , according to Don Balon , would be willing to pay 200million euros for Salah .
The Spanish outlet claim Liverpool are aware of Salah 's desire to leave and `` have simply asked their star player to keep quiet about the move . ''
Marco Asensio and Lucas Vazquez could move the other way , according to reports .
Diario Gol , meanwhile , claims Florentino Perez is looking to get rid for Gareth Bale .
The Los Blancos President wants at least €90million from the sale of the Welsh international .
They are reportedly targeting Salah from Liverpool for €180million - and wants to sell Bale to the Premier League giants for €90million .
But the same publication says the Reds rate the former Roma star at €200million and they value the former Tottenham attacker at just €60million .
Members of the Maui Police Department and the employees of the Maui County Federal Credit Union Lahaina Branch will be participating in a one-day Coordinated Agency Emergency Preparedness Exercise .
The exercise will be conducted on Thursday , April 26 , 2018 at the Maui County Federal Credit Union Lahaina Branch located at 270 Lahainaluna Road , Lahaina from approximately 3:30 p.m. until 5:30 p.m .
A man awarded half a million dollars by the Government for being wrongfully jailed is relieved but also annoyed that it took nearly a decade to clear their name , their lawyer says .
Tyson Redman spent two and a half years in jail for a gang-related assault which they did not commit . They were wrongfully convicted in 2007 , aged 17 .
Justice Minister Andrew Little last night announced that Redman , now around 30 , would be paid $ 551,000 in compensation for their conviction and imprisonment and that the Government had apologised to him .
Redman 's lawyer Jeremy Sutton said Little had also called last night to apologise – a personal touch which was appreciated by Redman and the family .
Advertisement
`` He 's pleased and relieved now it 's all finished , '' Sutton said .
`` Obviously it 's taken 10 or 11 years to get this far . So it 's a relief more than anything else . We had n't expected the delay that there has been , and we had n't expected the battle that there has been . ''
Sutton said they and Redman had briefly considered seeking a judicial review of the compensation but decided that they wanted the long process to be over .
The Government 's compensation package also includes an offer of $ 20,000 for counselling or therapy .
The ordeal had a profound impact on Redman because of their age , Sutton said . They still had a deep mistrust of authority .
`` He went to prison very young , 18 or 19 . They served a full term of two and a half years . They were with much older mates , they were vulnerable and like any person in that situation it would have affected them deeply .
`` So he 's just got to work through their various issues that anyone in that situation would have . ''
Redman and their family were frustrated at how it had taken to reverse the conviction , and at the complexity of the process .
`` It 's not like they can just go back to court and have a rehearing . It 's a very long process . They were 17 at the time , he 's 30 now . He 's almost spent half their life either being on bail , being in prison or fighting this . ''
It took until 2013 for Redman 's conviction to be overturned by the Court of Appeal – by which time they had served their full sentence and been released from prison .
Little said last night the Crown had accepted Redman 's innocence and `` apologised unreservedly '' for their wrongful convictions and imprisonment .
`` I recognise the Crown 's offer of compensation will never completely correct the wrong that Mr Redman has suffered , but I hope it will help them and their family recover from the distressing experience they have been through . ''
Redman is the first person to receive an inflation-adjusted compensation payment from the outset .
Teina Pora , who was wrongfully convicted of rape and served 20 years in jail , appealed to the previous Government to have their compensation of $ 2.5m increased to take into account inflation .
When the Labour coalition came into power it raised the payment to $ 3.5m .
LONG ROAD TO JUSTICE
Redman was convicted in 2007 because they were thought to have been part of a group assault at a 21st birthday party in Mt Roskill which involved people wielding wooden blocks and baseball bats .
It was not until 2013 – after they had served a full sentence and been released – that their conviction was wiped when it emerged they were not present when the assault took place .
They had immediately appealed the original decision , but the attempt by their former lawyer Barry Hart to challenge the Crown witnesses as unreliable failed .
It was followed in 2009 by an application to the Governor-General for the rare use of the `` royal prerogative of mercy '' .
That eventually saw the Ministry of Justice review their file , then recommend that the new evidence should be heard in a fresh 2013 Court of Appeal decision .
The Court of Appeal overturned Redman 's convictions , saying the Crown case was not strong and the witnesses could lead a jury to find `` reasonable doubt '' .
While a new trial would normally take place , the court stated there was no point as Redman had served their sentence .
In July 2015 the then Justice Minister , Amy Adams , asked Donald Stevens QC to provide independent advice on the application .
Their first report in early 2017 concluded that , on the balance of probabilities , Redman was innocent of the wounding and injuring charges .
As we revealed in these pages earlier this week , Edenderry in County Offaly will host an International Female Boxing sparring camp 22nd /29th August and we can now bring the sensational news that Team India 's 20 woman squad will include the famous 5 time World champion Mary Kom , the only woman apart from our own Katie Taylor to have won a women 's World title at five editions of the AIBA World Championships .
This will be a dream come true for young ( and not so young ) autograph hunters in or around Edenderry in late August as Mary , who now also has their own Centre of Excellence in their home state , has also recently signified that not only has they no plan to retire just yet but also they intend to try and qualify for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo .
So what do we know of Mary Kom ? Them story is one that should be a great inspiration to young women everywhere for it is by any standards an amazing one .
The Boxing Federation of India explain here :
“ Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom revered as Magnificent Mary or popularly known as Mary Kom , is an Indian boxer from the state of Manipur . Them parents earned their livelihood by working in jhum fields . Growing up , Mary used to help their parents both on and off the fields- cutting woods , making charcoal , fishing and babysitting their siblings .
Right from their early childhood they displayed skills in athletics but did not have the support system required to nourish such talent . Them first public victory in boxing came in the year 2000 when they won the Manipur state women 's boxing championship . From thereon they made their international debut at the first AIBA Women 's World Boxing Championship in the United States , where they won a silver medal in the 48 kg weight category . This was followed up with a gold medal in the 45 kg class at the second AIBA Women 's World Boxing Championship in Turkey in 2002 .
In 2003 , they took home another medal at the Asian Women 's Boxing Championship in India , and was awarded the national Arjuna Award for outstanding sporting achievement . They have won gold medals in three consecutive years ( 2004-2006 ) at separate international boxing events . Two years later they won the fourth successive gold medal at the AIBA Women 's World Boxing Championship in China , followed by a fifth one at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games in Vietnam .
In 2010 , Kom won the gold medal at the Asian Women 's Boxing Championship in Kazakhstan and their fifth consecutive gold at the AIBA championship . In 2012 , they competed in the women 's boxing event in the Summer Olympics , coming in third and garnering their first Olympic medal . SportsPro has rated Mary Kom as the 38th most remarkable athlete in the world . In order to honour the boxer , the lane routing to Manipur Sports Village has been named as Mary Kom Road ” .
They are also a Member of the Indian Parliament and fights the causes of their constituents as fiercely as they fight in the ring . They received the ‘ Legends Award ' from the International Boxing Association ( AIBA ) on its 70th anniversary on December 20 last . The five-time world champion , Mary Kom is also Rajya Sabha MP now .
“ I would like to thank the AIBA President and officials for this prestigious award . This recognition from AIBA will encourage young boxers in our country to work hard . It is a very emotional as well as a motivating day for me , ” Mary Kom when receiving their award and of course they also have been subject of an internationally acclaimed film of their life .
“ Even after so many years , if people remember you and your achievements it shows their generosity and love towards me . Thank you once again for this award , it 's a memory I would cherish for my lifetime ”
As Mary Kom turns 34 , they have not given up hopes of an Olympic gold medal . They are still training hard and is preparing for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics with the dream of an Olympic gold medal .
Along with their training and hard work , prayers of millions of Indians will always be there with them This is what probably keeps them going when age is not on their side , they recently told Indian sports media outlets .
Like Katie Taylor they were once very ‘ quiet and reserved ' but not very confident and never afraid to speak out for a good cause . : “ I was the David who took on the Goliaths in the boxing ring – and I won , most of the time. ” Them fans and well-wishers will hope that they win for one final time at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and hear the Indian national anthem during the medal distribution ceremony ” .
The 20 strong Indian team and their coaches are using the Edenderry Tournament as the perfect training base for tournaments in Europe this Summer and Autumn so let us ensure that they receive a warm welcome from all Irish boxing fans and from the IABA and congratulations to Liam Morley Brereton and their club colleagues for bringing such a distinguished hero to millions the world over to Ireland in August .
Who next for Edenderry Liam ? Perhaps Katie Taylor , the only other female 5 time world champions and who knows by the next training camp Katie might , just might , also be a World Pro champion ?
by
Creepy Crawlies with Christy 122916
By Christy Pitto
For The Independent
Few things in life can humble you like nature .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We all know how it goes .
You get a brand-new phone . It 's shinier , it 's more powerful , it 's chock-full of new features , the pixels are clearer , the camera is better . It 's all very exciting .
Then , after six months , it 's got a little scratch here , a screen-crack or two there , a newer version is released and suddenly you 're wondering why you 're spending a fortune on this now-average piece of kit .
Following the news last month that shares had plunged in Dixons Carphone - the umbrella company of the Carphone Warehouse since it 's merger in 2014 - questions were raised on the future of mobile phones and whether the current model was sustainable .
In short , customers are becoming more and more frustrated at the inflexibility of being tied down to an 18 or 24-month contract that , as time passes , leaves them with a second-rate device .
As is the case in all consumer-led markets , savvy and entrepreneurial businesses have been quick to come up with alternatives .
SIM-Only Deals
The Carphone Warehouse currently boast one of the UK 's lowest priced SIM deals . It costs just £3.99 a month and comes with 500MB of data , 150 minutes and Unlimited Texts .
Generally speaking , however , you 're best finding the deal that is most suited to you personally .
The best way you can do this is by checking out the usage on your current contract and going from there .
If you 're the sort of person , for instance , who connects with friends and family using WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger , you may want to look at a plan that offers more data than it does minutes or texts .
You can use a comparison site such as Uswitch to find more SIM-only deals .
SIM-Free Mobile Handsets
Unshackled is n't the only option available to you if you 're looking into the possibility of steering clear from a costly monthly tariff .
It 's no surprise that the UK 's most watched items on eBay , according to website watchcount.com , are all 'unlocked ' mobile phones .
While many of these handsets are from legitimate stores , you may feel more comfortable buying from other sources like Amazon .
Unshackled
As the name might suggest , Unshackled is a way of having a mobile phone without the restraints that come with a monthly standing order .
They bill themselves as the `` mobile freedom fighters '' and state that most mobile phone companies `` want to handcuff you to phone contracts that serve their needs before yours '' .
After gaining a lot of traction in the national press when the company first launched , Unshackled , two years on , continues to boast about the amount of money they save their customers .
In short , Unshackled works by splitting the cost of both the handset and the SIM rather than tying them both together and tacking on hidden charges and fees .
To learn more about how Unshackled works and to browse through their phone and SIM deals , you can click through to their website here .
Here at ClearSky , we love to hear feedback . From customers to partners to analysts to employees , you name it , we want to hear what they have to say . What 's working ? What is n't ? What matters most to their business ?
We recently had the opportunity to host more than a dozen tech pros for Tech Field Day , an event series created by Stephen Foskett and the team behind Gestalt IT , which brings together vendors and industry thought leaders to share information , opinions and , if you 're lucky , lots of laughs and collaboration . This was n't our first time hanging out with the folks of Tech Field Day though ( you can check out these videos from 2015 and 2016 ) – and there 's a reason why we keep coming back .
Joining us at Tech Field Day this time around were some familiar faces who have seen our company grow from day one , as well as some newcomers we were excited to meet . Attendees got an exclusive presentation , a technical deep-dive into the ClearSky Data solution , where CTO and Co-founder Laz Vekiarides and Manager of Engineering Test and Performance Darren Miller talked about the architecture behind our service and some of our latest data protection capabilities , and also gave a live demo .
Read the entire article here , Storage Management , the Cloud and Data Protection , Oh My !
via the fine folks at ClearSky Data .
Highlights Bhumi Pednekar made asensational debut with 'Dum Laga Ke Haisha '
For the part , they gained about 25 kilos .
They lost 21 kgs in four months . Here 's how they achieved the tough feat
A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar ( @ psbhumi ) on Dec 22 , 2016 at 8:38pm PST
A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar ( @ psbhumi ) on Oct 7 , 2015 at 4:47am PDT
A post shared by Hwealth ( @ hwealthcafe ) on Apr 5 , 2017 at 5:51am PDT
A post shared by Hwealth ( @ hwealthcafe ) on Apr 3 , 2017 at 7:29am PDT
A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar Official FC ( @ teambhumip ) on Oct 17 , 2015 at 5:51am PDT
A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar ( @ psbhumi ) on Oct 21 , 2015 at 1:49am PDT
A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar ( @ psbhumi ) on Oct 7 , 2015 at 4:47am PDT
A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar ( @ psbhumi ) on Dec 2 , 2015 at 12:52am PST
At a tender age of 18 , Bhumi shocked their family with not just their decision of entering the world of movies but also the choice of an unconventional debut . While girls their age were cautious about how they look , Bhumi ( who was selected after a series of auditions ) was asked to put on about 20-25 kilos for the role . They gorged on high calorie foods like butter chicken , dal makhani , pizzas , Mughlai dishes , sweets and paranthas , day in and day out , and weighed about 86 kilos by the time the movie went on floors.While their detractors assumed Bhumi would be type-casted as the ‘ fat girl ' and be offered similar roles , Bhumi chose a different path . They went all out loosing those extra pounds they had gained , and by the time the film was released they had already lost 10 kilos . In a matter of four months they managed to loose 21 kilos ! With the help of their trainer who planned a fantastic workout regime and diet and some tips from their mother , she 's back into the best shape of their life and is inspiring all of us to get fit . They have taken to Instagram to share their fitness routine and diet plan with all their followers in hope that it might encourage them too.In one of their interviews , Bhumi recalls how they were never a skinny girl , but they always had a healthy height and weight proportion . In their interview to a leading magazine , they shared that they had a lot of weight in their body to start doing high intensity exercises right away . Therefore , they had to first condition their joints and prepare their body for the intense workout slowly and steadily.Her routine included running , working on machines , functional training , swimming and Bollywood dancing . An avid lover of dance , Bhumi believes dance serves as a great way to do cardio , and is an incredible way to tone up if someone wants to infuse a fun element into their otherwise monotonous workout routine . ( Also read : From Zumba to Belly Dance : 5 Fun Workout Routines for Weight Loss Bhumi had to face several problems because of the excess weight they were carrying . Them back would hurt , their ankles would swell up . After months of hard work , they are finally feeling comfortable with their body weight.Bhumi woke up everyday and hit the gym . When they could n't do so , they would take a steam and sauna , and soak in the energy . We were thrilled to know that their dotting mother specially created a meal plan for Bhumi to help them reach their weight loss goals . Salads were given an experimental touch with home-made dressings and cold-pressed oils . Hummus was used a lot - in sandwiches , with rotis and over veggies and meat . Bhumi also gave up white sugar , refined oils , refined flours and alcohol . They baked their own bread with whole wheat flour . Them chapatis had less wheat and more wholegrain flour made of ragi , amaranth and chana.Her daily diet is something we can all take a cue from . After all , a balanced diet is the best way to lose weight and also maintain it . Bhumi would also begin their day with a glass of aloe-vera juice on an empty stomach . ( Also read : A Perfect Orange-Carrot Detox Drink Recipe : Watch and Learn For breakfast , they eat an omelette made with three egg whites and herbs along with multi-grain bread or granola with skimmed milk . Then , they head for their workout for an hour or so , post which they have their post workout snack rich in protein channa , chicken or fish . ( Also read : Start Right : The Best and The Worst Foods for Breakfast For lunch , they like to have a desi meal with a bowl of vegetables tossed in olive oil , dal tadka , 2 chapatis made with a mix of bajra , jowar , soya and amaranth flour . A dash of butter over the chapattis is regular affair for Bhumi . They also drink a big glass of buttermilk and has bowl of curd alongside.In the evening , snacks consist of a bowl of seasonal fruits , usually , papaya or an apple helps Bhumi fight the evening hunger pangs with a cup of green tea . At around 7 p.m they have salad filled with greens , seasonal veggies or fruits like apple , dried berries or some walnuts , dressed with olive oil and balsamic vinegar or some olive chilli oil with garlic and mustard or some apple cider vinegar.Her early dinner consists of grilled chicken or fish with brown rice . In case , they are having a vegetarian meal , it will be fresh grilled paneer or tofu with stir fried or steamed veggies . Bhumi also recommends a bunch of healthy smoothies and snacks you can enjoy instead of the the high-calorie junk food like a berry smoothie , kale and soya chips , whole wheat lavash with hummus , or even dry roasted grains like puffed bajra.Her efforts to reach out to their fans and share their fitness secrets to inspire them is quite thoughtful and can help many who are struggling to lose weight . Way to go Bhumi !
ZeroStack has announced the availability of its DevOps Workbench . The tool will allow developers to create workbenches from a combination of open source and commercial tools using one-click deployment .
“ I & O leaders are under intense pressure to deliver services to production faster to enable the business to pursue opportunities and respond to threats that may endanger the entire enterprise , ” wrote George Spafford and Ian Head , researcher directors at Gartner . “ In Gartner 's Fall 2017 Enterprise DevOps survey , 76 percent of respondents indicated that they are using DevOps in regulated situations , which is an increase from 47 perfect in 2015 . Clearly , the DevOps use is evolving rapidly and can work in regulated environments with pragmatic adaptation . ”
The ZeroStack DevOps Workbench will feature more than 40 preferred developer tools to speed up the development process as well as extensible templates that will enforce consistency among development teams . According to the company , the software adapts to a developer 's existing hardware and gives IT more visibility and control over development infrastructure .
“ Our DevOps Workbench delivers the ultimate in developer and IT productivity , ” said Kamesh Pemmaraju , vice president of product management at ZeroStack . “ By automating infrastructure management while giving developers the flexibility to choose their own environments , we accelerate software development to enable digital transformation . ”
As part of the announcement , the company is adding OpenMake 's DeployHub Pro Continuous Deployment solution to the DevOps WorkBench . OpenMake 's solution provides agentless software release automation designed for agile DevOps .
“ We 're in the business of making developers more productive , and we want our solutions available in as many places as possible , ” said Tracy Ragan , CEO of OpenMake . “ By adding DeployHub Pro to the ZeroStack DevOps Workbench , we are opening a new channel that provides single-click access to our solution from within the ZeroStack private cloud . ”
French gadget-maker Netatmo has announced that its Presence and Welcome security cameras have added support for Google Assistant . Using voice commands , users are able to control a few of the cameras ' functions .
You can ask the Google Assistant to bring up a live feed of any your Netatmo cameras on a Chromecast-enabled screen , or turn the floodlight on the outdoor Presence model on or off . Not a whole lot of options , but how much could you want to do with a security camera ?
Netatmo 's announcement reads like the Assistant features are currently available , but our own Rita said the functionality is n't live for them just yet . Rita reviewed the Welcome in February and found it to be quite nice ; the handsome indoor cam has flexible storage options , such as saving to Dropbox or locally to an SD card , and there are no monthly subscription fees .
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS ( AP ) - Texas Gov . Greg Abbott on Wednesday called for schools to have more armed personnel and said they should put a bigger focus on spotting student mental health problems but they proposed only a few small restrictions on guns following a shooting at a high school near Houston that killed 10 and wounded 13 .
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report following three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week that Abbott organized with school district officials , shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate , among others .
The recommendations are voluntary rather than mandatory , and some would require changes to state laws that would need approval from the Legislature , which does n't come back into session until 2019 . School districts wishing to make some of the changes could begin doing so , such as sending staff for free gun training this summer .
The lack of major gun control measures is not surprising in a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns .
The only significant gun-related proposal mentioned by Abbott for Texas was a possible `` red flag '' although , although they gave it only a tepid endorsement , asking leaders of the Legislature to `` consider the merits '' of such a law . Eight states have red flag laws that allow family , law enforcement and others to file a petition to remove firearms from a potentially dangerous person . Three of those states - Florida , Vermont and Maryland - passed them after the mass school shooting in Florida in February .
Abbott is proposing a change to the state law that says guns ca n't be made accessible to children under 17 , with exceptions such as hunting or parent supervision . He 's encouraging the Legislature to consider making the law also apply to 17-year-olds . Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student , Dimitrios Pagourtzis , with capital murder in the May 18 attack at Santa Fe High School . Pagourtzis is accused of using a shotgun and .38 revolver that belonged to their father .
Abbott also wants a new law that would require gun owners to report a lost or stolen firearm within 10 days .
The report says the state will have access to nearly $ 70 million through federal funding and state grants to fund the proposals . The state also expects to compete for an additional $ 40 million from federal programs , and Abbott says he 'll ask state lawmakers for another $ 30 million .
`` We all share a common bond : And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School , '' Abbott , who is campaigning for re-election , said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters .
So far , the governor has ignored calls from a handful of lawmakers from both parties to call the Legislature into special session to address gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people . Florida lawmakers , who were already in session , passed a gun-control package three weeks later , thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack .
In Texas , any attempts to create a mechanism to seize weapons is likely to be met with skepticism in a Republican-controlled Legislature that has expanded the rights of gun owners in recent years and made it easier and cheaper to be licensed to carry a handgun .
Also unlike the students in Florida , several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control , including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week .
Many of Abbott 's recommendations on how to improve school safety revolve around increasing security at schools and mental health awareness . They include a recommendation to `` harden '' campuses with measures such as creating vestibules where doors must by remotely unlocked before visitors enter , installing metal detectors and having an alarm that would signal there 's an active shooter .
Abbott is also recommending an expansion of a program that identifies students at risk of committing violence and provides help for them .
They also want to increase the number of people trained to identify signs of mental illness and increase awareness of a state system that allows people to report people who may be a threat and suspicious activity .
The recommendations come a day after students at Santa Fe High School returned to school . Abbott visited the campus Tuesday , privately speaking with students , parents , teachers and staff , and presented first responders with an award for their actions .
__
Associated Press reporter Jim Vertuno contributed to this report from Austin .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Newspaper publisher Tronc has named CEO Justin Dearborn as its chairperson of the board , replacing Michael Ferro , who is retiring .
The change announced Monday shortly before Fortune magazine published a story about two women who allege that Ferro made unwanted sexual advances during 2013 and 2016 before they become Tronc 's chairperson .
`` Michael Ferro has had no claims filed against them while leading Tronc as chairperson , '' Tronc said in a statement . `` Further , we are aware of no claims filed against Mr. Ferro throughout their career . As Mr. Ferro has retired after leading a financial turnaround of Tronc , we wish them well in their private life and will have no further comment . ''
Ferro struck it rich as an entrepreneur involved in two startups that were sold for more than $ 1 billion . In 2016 , they bought a stake in the Tribune Co , which was subsequently renamed as Tronc .
Advertisement
Chicago-based Tronc Inc. , which operates newspapers including the Chicago Tribune , New York Daily News and The Baltimore Sun , announced last month it had sold the Los Angeles Times and other papers for $ 500 million and an additional $ 90 million in pension benefits .
`` Michael retires having created considerable shareholder value for the company in just two years as chairperson of the board , '' Dearborn said , adding that the company had tripled its market capitalization , quadrupled its cash holdings and reduced its debt under Ferro 's leadership .
Dearborn was appointed CEO of Tronc in February 2016 . They previously led Merge Healthcare until its acquisition by IBM for $ 1 billion in October 2015 .
A research study titled , “ Automotive Sensors Market trends , share , size , top vendor profile , market outlook , overview , industry research and forecast to 2023 ” , published by crystal market research .
Market Highlights :
The Automotive Sensors Market was worth USD 19.84 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 35.40 billion by 2023 , while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 6.64 % during the forecast period . Sensors have a far reaching use in all sort of cars appropriates from bikes to heavy-duty lorries . Probably the most widely recognized car use of sensors is found in wipers , lighting , dashboard , rain sensors , sunroof , stopping , situate , atmosphere , tilt alert , back end discharge , back end close , trailer administration , raise entryway , against robbery caution , immobilizer and radio . With expanding popularities of vehicle computerization and request of idea autos around the world , the greater part of the innovative work ( Research and development ) consideration of car enterprises is towards improvement of cutting edge car sensors , for example , MEMS ( Miniaturized scale Electro-Mechanical Frameworks ) sensors , remote sensors and radar sensors . As indicated by BMW ( Germany based vehicle organization ) , 90 % without bounds auto advancement will be centered on the progressed and effective utilization of hardware in car .
Market Segmentation :
On the basis of sensor type , the automotive sensors market is segmented into temperature sensor , pressure sensors , position sensors , oxygen sensors , speed sensors , and other sensors .
On the basis of vehicle type , the automotive sensors market is segmented into passenger car , LCV , HCV .
On the basis of application , the automotive sensors market is segmented into powertrain , chassis , exhaust , safety and control , body electronics , telematics , and others .
On the basis of geography , automotive sensors market report covers data points for 28 countries across multiple geographies such as
North America & South America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
Middle East & Africa .
Some of the major countries covered in this report are U.S. , Canada , Germany , France , U.K. , Netherlands , Switzerland , Turkey , Russia , China , India , South Korea , Japan , Australia , Singapore , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , and Brazil among others . In 2017 , North America is expected to dominate the market .
Click To Request a Sample :
https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/AT06884
Competitive Insights :
The leading players in the market are Avago Technologies , Bourns , CTS , Faurecia , GE Measurement & Control Solutions , Gill Sensors & Controls , Hamamatsu , Hitachi Automotive Systems Americas , Hyundai KEFICO and Infineon Technologies among others . The leading players in the market are incorporated all through the esteem chain . These organizations have a technological advantage over others as raw material and production technology selected for producing these ceramics incredibly impact the cost of the general product and its properties .
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/AT06884
About Crystal Market Research :
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research , business intelligence , and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions . It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe . The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare , chemicals & materials , technology , automotive , and energy .
Contact Us :
Judy S ,
304 South Jones Blvd , Suite 1896 ,
Las Vegas NV 89107 ,
United States
Toll Free : +1-888-213-4282
Email : sales @ crystalmarketresearch.com
The buildings of the banking district are reflected in the river Main as the sun sets in Frankfurt , Germany , Monday evening , May 28 , 2018 . Michael Probst AP Photo
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) — Travis Reinking 's erratic behavior began years before police say they showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant and killed four people with an assault-style rifle .
The onetime construction crane operator bounced between states and suffered from delusions , sometimes talking about plans to marry singer Taylor Swift , friends and relatives told police . They were arrested outside the White House last year after asking to speak to President Donald Trump , and their bizarre actions seemed to intensify in recent days with a car theft .
Now Reinking is charged in Tennessee with four counts of criminal homicide . He 's been jailed without bond .
`` He 's a good kid that went off the handle for some reason , '' said Dave Warren , who once worked with Reinking in Colorado .
Advertisement
Former co-workers at Rocky Mountain Crane in Salida , Colorado , told police after the shooting that Reinking was complex .
They did n't drink or do drugs , according to a police report describing the interviews , and they were known as intelligent , polite and an excellent equipment operator . They did n't like the government or the National Rifle Association , and they talked about being a `` sovereign citizen , '' although the meaning of the phrase was n't clear .
What seemed to drive Reinking more than anything was an obsession with Swift , the report said .
Reinking told police — once in Tazewell County , Illinois , in 2016 , and again in Colorado last year — that Swift was stalking him . They were infatuated with them and supposedly purchased a $ 14,000 ring and drove to California to try to meet her , authorities said .
But co-workers also knew Reinking as openly gay , according to the interview notes .
Ken and Darlene Sustrich , the owners of the crane service where Reinking worked for six months , recalled a time when they and other members of a crew were returning to Salida after completing a job . As they passed through the town of Last Chance , Colorado , Reinking quit on the spot .
`` He misconstrued that was their last chance , '' Ken Sustrich said . `` He got super-paranoid , and they quit that day . They said , 'This is my last chance . ' ''
Reinking 's intelligence impressed them . They would sometimes talk about astrophysics , Darlene Sustrich said .
In their last few days at the crane service , they began showing signs of paranoia .
`` You could see something was off with him , but nothing violent , '' Darlene Sustrich said . Then came a call from the FBI , saying Reinking had tried to jump the White House fence .
`` We told them , 'Hang onto them if you can . Help them if you can , ' '' they said .
Ken Sustrich told police that they reached out to Reinking 's father with concerns about their son 's mental health . They said the father replied that they were aware of the issues and `` had been recently trying to rekindle their relationship with Travis , '' the police report said .
Back in Illinois last June , a sheriff 's report showed , the younger Reinking barged into a community swimming pool and jumped in wearing only underwear and a pink woman 's coat . That same day , an employee at their family 's business , J & J Cranes , said they emerged from an apartment above the office wearing a pink dress , clutching a rifle and yelling profanities , according to a report .
The sheriff 's department called their father , who was out of state . They told officers that they had taken four guns away when their son was `` having problems '' but later returned them .
Police suggested that Jeff Reinking `` lock the guns back up until Travis gets mental help , '' officer Randy Davis wrote in a report . The father agreed to do so .
When they were arrested at the White House , Reinking was not armed , but Illinois state police revoked their state firearms card at the FBI 's request . Four guns , including the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting , were transferred to their father , a procedure allowed under Illinois law . The father said they later returned the guns to their son again , police said .
Signs of paranoid delusions continued : In August , Reinking told police they wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into their computer and phone and people `` barking like dogs '' outside their residence , according to a report .
It is n't clear why Reinking moved recently to the Nashville area from Morton , Illinois , and if it had anything to do with being near Swift . The performer has a home in Nashville , though it 's not their only residence .
A representative of Swift did not return a message seeking comment , nor did the public defender appointed to represent Reinking , who has not entered a plea .
Nashville police say they were not aware of Reinking 's past fixation with Swift , but authorities in Music City say they are all too familiar with people being preoccupied with the superstar .
`` You would n't believe how many people are obsessed with Taylor Swift , '' Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said .
Reinking apparently kept a low profile until recent days .
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week , officers decided against a risky chase knowing the car had a GPS device and could be located . Police found the vehicle outside Reinking 's apartment , but they did not figure out until after the attack that Reinking had apparently taken it .
___
Foody reported from Denver , Colorado . Reeves reported from Birmingham , Alabama . Associated Press writers Dan Elliott in Salida , Colorado ; Ed White in Detroit ; John Raby in Charleston , West Virginia ; Kristin Hall in Nashville ; and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , also contributed to this report .
The Broncos ' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland 's State of Origin side . Picture : Jono Searle/AAP
The Broncos ' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland 's State of Origin side . Picture : Jono Searle/AAP
AS A winger , Corey Oates reckons they make a pretty good back-rower .
And even their recall on Queensland 's left wing for July 11 's State of Origin game three has n't changed their mind .
In fact , off-contract Oates is more determined than ever to earn a back-row start and has not ruled out leaving their beloved NRL club Brisbane to get it .
Oates gets their first Origin chance since playing the last of their four games for Queensland in last year 's record series-opening 28-4 loss to NSW .
Their selection is part of a backline reshuffle caused by inspirational centre and skipper Greg Inglis 's unavailability due to a broken thumb .
`` This means everything . It 's the dream . Once you get a taste of it you always want to get it back - I missed it , '' Oates said of their recall .
`` I did n't think I had a chance at all ( this year ) . A few injuries helped . ''
While thrilled to combine with left-centre Dane Gagai , who replaces Inglis , Oates insisted on Wednesday : `` I am a back-rower playing on the wing .
`` I 'm not the electric winger . I am slow and powerful . I feel like a forward .
`` I was thrown on the wing when I first came into first grade . I was always coming through as a back-rower - I loved it and still do . ''
Oates is still waiting on talks with Brisbane - a process that has not been helped by the lanky Broncos winger being in between managers .
They are one of the first picked for the Broncos , on the wing , but Oates has not given up on cracking the back row - even if it means leaving Brisbane .
Asked if they would consider linking with an NRL club that offered them a back-row start , Oates said : `` You always do ( consider it ) but you have to look at a lot of other things too , it 's not just one thing I look at signing for a club .
`` ( But ) I feel playing back row brings more out of me than the wing . ''
Cracking Brisbane 's back row will be easier said than done with Joe Ofahengaue , Jaydn Su ' A and rookie David Fifita in the squad - not that Oates has to be told .
`` It 's promising signs for us - well maybe not for me , '' they said . `` It 's tough but I am not going to stop knocking on the door . ''
- AAP
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
A native moth is munching the leaves off of our coconut trees . Entomologist , Mach Fukada from the Hawaii State Department of Agriculture says it 's nothing to worry about it however , the phenomenon can be quite striking . Details on why it 's happening and which insect you should't be confusing it with in the video above .
March is Women 's History Month and we want to celebrate the awesomely strong women in the Bay Area who have n't been adequately recognized for their contributions to their communities , or to politics , business , science , education , sports , health or the arts .
Yes , they are the Bay Area 's “ Hidden Figures. ” They are serious change-makers , past and present . They may not be well-known but they should be .
And we need your help in finding out who they are and in making sure we all remember their names .
Please , if you know of any awesome women who deserve recognition send your suggestions to writer Martha Ross , mross @ bayareanewsgroup.com .
Try to include a couple of sentences about why this woman ( or group of women ) are amazing and deserve consideration . Contact information is helpful .
QUOTE | “ Essentially , it 's made [ our Xbox business ] worthless overnight… Effectively overnight they 've wiped massive value off our company and made it not worth doing . Why should we support them and sell their consoles and accessories if we 're going to get very little out of it ? We do n't make anything off their digital selection . It 's pretty pointless . We might as well go where we 're supported , which is Sony. ” - Like many independent game retailers , Stuart Benson of Leicestershire 's Extreme Gamez is not a fan of Microsoft including all its new first-party titles in the Game Pass digital subscription service .
QUOTE | “ The response to the news thus far has been positive. ” - A company spokesperson offers Microsoft 's assessment of how retailers like the Game Pass changes .
STAT | 7 million - Number of Star Wars : Battlefront II copies sold during the holiday quarter , 1 million less than Electronic Arts had expected , as revealed during the company 's quarterly earnings Tuesday .
STAT | $ 131.01 - Electronic Arts ' share price at one point on Wednesday , a new all-time high for the publisher .
QUOTE | “ The Game Developers Choice Awards Advisory Committee , who vote on the Special Award winners for each show , have made the decision not to give out a Pioneer Award for this year 's event , following additional feedback from the community . They believe their picks should reflect the values of today 's game industry and will dedicate this year 's award to honor the pioneering and unheard voices of the past. ” - The Game Developers Conference confirms it will not be giving Nolan Bushnell the Pioneer Award at this year 's event after backlash over the Atari co-founder 's reported history of sexist behavior .
Advertisement
QUOTE | “ We apologize to everyone disappointed by this delay . While we had hoped to have the game out sooner , we require a little extra time for polish. ” - Rockstar Games , in a blog post announcing it delayed Red Dead Redemption 2 for the second time . Previously expected this spring , it is now set for an October 26 debut .
QUOTE | “ Ever since my appointment as President and CEO in April 2012 , I have stated that my mission is to ensure Sony continues to be a company that provides customers with kando - to move them emotionally - and inspires and fulfills their curiosity. ” - Kaz Hirai announces they are stepping down from their position as president and CEO of Sony Corporation at the end of March , after a successful six-year run atop the company .
QUOTE | “ Theoretically , if you work with an investor you do have the creative freedom , but the problem is that being successful in the way that they define successful means following certain rules . Which is why a lot of those games are pretty similar. ” - Michael Shade , CEO of PC and console developer Rockfish Games , shares a hard lesson from the 10 years they spent on their previous company , mobile game developer Fishlabs .
Advertisement
QUOTE | “ It 's really not going too far to compare this to the invention of the world wide web. ” - EverdreamSoft CEO and founder Shaban Shaame is convinced blockchain tech will change the way we live , which is why their studio is using it for its CCG Spells of Genesis .
QUOTE | “ We 're also currently developing policies that would lead to consequences if a creator does something egregious that causes significant harm to our community as a whole. ” - YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki threatens to get punitive the next time one of its big celebrities pulls a Logan Paul ( Or a PewDiePie , for that matter . )
QUOTE | “ The comments are filtered for each user , based on social signal , which allows us to create the world 's most friendly and personal experience for live broadcasting. ” - Caffeine co-founder Ben Keighran tries to explain how their new streaming platform will be different from Twitch .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) — Authorities say evacuations are under way in Northern California after a house fire spread to surrounding homes .
The East Bay Times reports the fires began late Monday with a single fire at a two-story house under construction in the hills east of Oakland .
Firefighters with the Oakland Fire Department were battling blazes as embers rained down on million-dollar homes in the surrounding streets .
No word was immediately available on any injuries .
Advertisement
Some Oakland firefighters were in Southern California , helping battle the fifth-largest wildfire in state history .
Graphene was isolated for the first time in 2004 and is a two dimensional ( 2D ) allotrope of carbon . It was isolated at the University of Manchester , United Kingdom ( U.K. ) . Graphene has very unique properties , such as light weight , high strength , and is also a good conductor of heat and electricity . Such versatile features of graphene have led scientists to explore possibilities of its application in numerous fields . Since the moment of its discovery , graphene is being researched upon for developing advanced electronic devices and their components , having better features and efficiency . Graphene can be expected to be used in conjunction with other materials , such as tantalum ( IV ) sulfide , carbon nanotubes and boron nitride among others , or solely to develop advanced electronic devices . Graphene field effect transistors ( GFETs ) , graphene based biosensors and graphene based batteries and ultracapacitors has shown promising results during testing and has also been seen growing applications .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/graphene-wafers-market.html
The market for graphene wafers is a very niche market , as of 2015 . However , growing interest in graphene based electronics has been fuelling the demand for graphene wafers across North America , Europe and Asia-Pacific . The versatile nature of graphene has led to increase in various academic , sponsored and industrial researches , and is the primary driver for this market . Several advancements in graphene wafer production techniques have also boosted the research on graphene electronics since better quality of graphene wafers is being produced through these new methods . Variations of Chemical Vapor Deposition ( CVD ) technique is primarily used for producing graphene wafers used in electronic devices . Universities such as Sungkyunkwan University and University of Manchester among others are involved in performing research for developing graphene wafer based electronic devices . Often they are funded by electronic device makers for undertaking such research . However , certain properties of graphene , lack of homogeneity in wafer quality and availability of lower priced substitutes have been hindering the growth of this market . Some companies are experimenting with silver nanowire , such as Blue Nano and Cambrios , while others are experimenting with conducting polymers . These alternative materials are likely to restrain the graphene wafers market .
By substrate type , the global graphene wafers market can be segmented into quartz , Silicon-dioxide/silicon ( SiO2/Si ) and others . Silicon-dioxide/silicon ( SiO2/Si ) was the largest segment in 2015 and can be expected to retain the top position in 2024 . By end-use , the graphene wafers market is segmented into research , semiconductor & electronics and others . Research was the largest segment in 2015 , due to the various graphene based research activities been undertaken globally . Research is further segmented into academic research and others . The global graphene wafers market has been further segmented into four regions : North America , Europe , Asia Pacific ( APAC ) and Rest of the World ( RoW ) . By revenue , North America was the largest region in 2015 .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=15044
Increasing research activities and relative ease of procuring required graphene wafers are the primary driving factors in this region . Europe held the second largest market share , followed by APAC . The graphene wafers market in Europe is primarily driven by various research activities conducted in countries such as Spain , Germany and U.K. among others . Additionally , the Graphene Flagship program of European Union ( EU ) has also promoted the growth in research activities in this region . The APAC region can be expected to have second largest market share by 2024 , owing to the growing interest on graphene wafers among academic researchers and semiconductor manufacturing companies . RoW had relatively negligible market share in 2015 , of the graphene wafers market .
The key companies leading the graphene wafers market globally are Some of the leading players in the market are Graphene Frontiers ( U.S. ) , Haydale ( U.K. ) , BGT Materials , Ltd. ( U.S. ) , Graphene Laboratories , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Graphene Square ( South Korea ) , Graphenea S.A. ( Spain ) , Graphenesic ( Sweden ) , Grafoid , Inc. ( Canada ) , Amo GmbH ( Germany ) , and XG Sciences ( U.S. ) among others .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Jaden Smith is G-Star Raw 's latest brand collaborator . The son of Will Smith officially joined the fashion house , co-founded by Pharrell Williams . Jaden will create their own exclusive collection made of sustainable denim . They have already visited G-Star Raw 's headquarters in Amsterdam , where they shot a short teaser video about the collaboration . You can see them working on the sewing machine and going through all the different denim materials .
Pharrell also expressed their excitement by sharing a picture with Jaden on their Instagram profile . They are the one responsible for Smith joining the team of G-Star . The young actor/singer/artist first got to know about the label through Williams and was asked to join the team because of their unique views and commitment to the environment . We still do n't know what exactly to expect from the release , but the drop will be ready in time for Fall 2018 . Chic jeans , unique denim jackets , cool shirts will be a part of Jaden 's designs . Knowing their impactful personal style , we ca n't wait to see what he 'll deliver .
“ I was first brought into G-Star by Pharrell , someone who I respect and admire . What they have been doing with sustainable innovation recently has been so inspiring . Especially with the launch of their most sustainable jeans ever . They are at the forefront of denim sustainability , on top of the denim game . It 's the same thing I 've been trying to do with my Just Water initiative , to innovate in an industry where there is so much room for improvement . G-Star is a great place for me to collaborate , learn and make a positive impact on denim and fashion. ” - Jaden said .
Sustainability is a very important factor in the work of G-Star Raw . The brand already released their “ Most Sustainable Denim Ever ” jeans on February 15 . The Elwood RFTPi jeans are made of 100 % organic cotton , grown without synthetic pesticides or toxins . In other words , Pharrell and their label have really invested in sustainable fashion choices especially when it comes to fabrics .
The young Smith might be only 19 , but he 's embraced the ecological and sustainable ways of life on many occasions so far . They and their father founded the JUST Water company , that provides boxes of water by only using plant-derived materials for the packaging . While there still is n't an official release date , G-Star confirmed that the collection will drop later this year . Jaden 's designs will be a part of the brand 's Fall/Winter 2018 collection .
With just a couple days left in the month , May 2018 is likely to enter the record books as the driest and one of the warmest months of May on record .
Long-range forecasts say the warm , dry trend may continue through June .
`` I know my garden looks better than it ever has , '' said Mike McFarland of the National Weather Service in Seattle . `` I 've had to water it a few times , but I have n't seen any slugs in a few weeks . ''
No significant rain is in the forecast before Thursday , so McFarland said May 2018 is likely to remain in first place for the driest May since records were first kept in 1949 at Bellingham International Airport .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Only .17 inches of rain has fallen in May , compared with a normal May rainfall of 2.48 inches .
Most of that paltry amount fell in a three-day span of May 8-10 . There 's been nothing but a trace of rain since then .
Barring a stray squall , McFarland said May 1958 likely will fall to second place with .40 inches of rain .
Figures from the NOAA Regional Climate Centers on May 29 show May 2018 in second place among the lowest May rainfall on record . Courtesy to The Bellingham Herald NOAA
Despite a parched May , the winter of 2017-2018 had so much snow that Whatcom County residents should n't worry too much about water , they said .
Overall , the North Cascades snowpack is showing a snow-water equivalent of 83 percent of normal , according to Natural Resources Conservation Service measurements .
McFarland said a NRCS measuring station at Wells Creek north of Mount Baker is showing 115 percent of normal .
`` We had a good snowpack this year . The North Cascades are near normal , '' they said .
Much of Washington state still has a heavy snowpack . Courtesy to The Bellingham Herald NRCS
In terms of high temperatures , this May is the warmest in 60 years .
The average high of 67.4 degrees in May 2018 is in second place behind May 1958 , when the average high temperature was 69.6 .
Normal high temperature in May is 62.3 degrees .
McFarland said Bellingham is likely to see cooler temperatures through Thursday , ones closer to the seasonal norm .
`` You might end up dropping to third or fourth , but I doubt that you 'll go up , '' McFarland said .
Figures from the NOAA Regional Climate Centers show May 2018 in second place on May 29 among the warmest months of May on record . Courtesy to The Bellingham Herald NOAA
Looking ahead to June , McFarland said the NOAA Climate Prediction Center is still showing a better than even chance of above-normal temperatures and below-normal rainfall .
Canadian weather service Environment Canada is making a similar prediction for British Columbia in June .
For the next week , however , McFarland said the forecast is looking more like a typical spring , with highs in the mid-60s and mostly cloudy skies with occasional showers .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — Florida-based Silver Airways has bought the Caribbean 's largest regional airline .
Officials say Puerto Rico-based Seaborne Airlines will operate as a stand-alone subsidiary until the two airlines merge next year . It will continue to serve 12 airports , including those in Puerto Rico and other nearby islands such as Dominica , Anguilla , St. Maarten and Tortola .
Ft. Lauderdale-based Silver Airways said Monday that it will operate 31 aircraft as a result of the merger .
Seaborne now operates eight 34-seat Saab 340s and two 15-seat de Havilland Twin Otter seaplanes .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A volunteer team of “ absolute heroes ” from as far as Cornwall have been praised for their efforts helping people whose homes were flooded over the weekend .
The seven volunteers headed to houses in St John 's Rd in Harborne where they cleared possessions from water-clogged homes .
They helped vulnerable people including an 89-year-old woman with no nearby family and a family with a newborn baby .
Met Office issue weather warning for Birmingham with flooding expected
The group came from Team Rubicon , a charity that recruits volunteers to help in disaster relief situations .
“ I left home in Cornwall at 4.30 in the morning and it took me four and a half hours to drive to Birmingham ” , said retired police officer Rich McSweeney , 52 .
“ We went down to St John 's Road where we identified that there had been some flooding .
Soaked homes and sodden furniture lines the streets - we visit the areas worst hit by shock floods
“ We found 30-odd houses that had been affected .
“ We helped six households overall . One was a young family with a small family - the owner just did n't know what to do .
“ We pulled up all the carpets for them which were retaining water and removed furniture from the house .
“ Next door was a 89-year-old lady . We were told by neighbours they got flooded two years ago .
“ We pulled all the carpets up again .
“ We got hold of one of their relatives and made sure they were there to look after them for the rest of the day .
“ She was very grateful , bless her . ”
Five moments you might have missed from Birmingham flood chaos
A resident called Natalie who was helped by the team said : `` The water probably took about three hours to get out of the house and left behind silt and mud , which stinks .
`` We were affected two years ago . It was bad enough when we were two adults , now we have a young baby , so to move out of our house with no notice and lose half of our belongings with a young baby is difficult .
“ The stress and fear that the baby might catch something from the sewer or contaminated water is quite up there on the list of worries .
Five moments you might have missed from Birmingham flood chaos
`` We have found Team Rubicon to be absolute heroes .
“ I was standing outside my house wondering how on earth we were going to even start getting the main furniture and carpets out and along came four friendly , efficient and importantly strong men who came to our rescue and I am eternally grateful . ''
St Ives-based Rich said that Brummies were surprised to see volunteers out lending a hand .
“ People were surprised to see people out volunteering to help other ” , they said .
“ Like the older lady we helped , no one had been to help them when their house was flooded before .
“ Being able to help people like them is what really makes our day .
“ Even if we just help one person that 's fantastic .
WH Smith voted the worst High Street shop in the UK by shoppers
“ If people are inspired by volunteering and want to help - we would like to recruit more in the Birmingham area so please do get in touch .
“ You do n't have to be highly skilled . The most important thing is being willing to go out at a moment 's notice to help people . ”
You can get in touch with Team Rubicon here .
click to enlarge Al Hartmann
click to enlarge Al Hartmann
Paul Nelson
“ There 's only one man on trial today—John Swallow , correct ? ” asked defense attorney Cara Tangaro , one of three lawyers representing the former AG.This pointed question to a FBI forensic analyst came Tuesday afternoon on the second week of a trial where prosecutors continue to draw lines around Swallow , rather than connecting them to particular crimes and questionable behavior . The analyst admitted that no money went from Jenson to Swallow.In fact , barring several massages , two round-trip airline tickets and a few nights during two trips to Pelican Hill , analyst Heidi Ransdell acknowledged that very few of the receipts relating to the trips could be directly linked to Swallow.Instead , it was former AG Mark Shurtleff and , according to witnesses , their self-described `` corporate fixer '' Tim Lawson , who were the focus of much of the testimony.Paul Nelson , friend and former security consultant to star prosecution witness Marc Jenson , finished their testimony , telling the court that they felt Shurtleff was scamming Jenson.Jenson 's former personal assistant and accountant Peter Torres then took the stand , relaying how Lawson would repeatedly ask Torres for money from Jenson to ensure access to Shurtleff.Torres testified that Lawson asked for payments dozens of times from 2007 , one of those payments being for a piano . It was n't uncommon , they told the jury , for Lawson to freely show their anger and frustration with Torres and Jenson over not getting money they expected to receive.In total , an FBI analyst testified Tuesday , Jenson paid Utah County political operative Lawson over $ 134,000 . Lawson died late summer 2016.As to links between Jenson and Swallow , Torres noted Swallow 's name and phone number on a list of people who could be references for Jenson . Jenson gave the list to potential business contacts so they could seek explanations as to the situation with their 2005 criminal charges and plea in abeyance . Nevertheless , Torres said that Lawson “ was not a conduit to John Swallow . `` The morning concluded with brief and specific testimony from Jenson 's attorney Helen Redd , a longtime family friend of the onetime developer and Holladay neighbor . They recounted a late 2000 's phone call they received from a number belonging to Jenson . When they answered , they found the caller was another Mark , namely then-AG Shurtleff . Shurtleff advised them that they had learned from Jenson they were the person to go for help with fundraising in Holladay for their short-lived Senate campaign.In the afternoon , prosecutor Fred Burmeister took FBI financial forensic analyst Ransdell through Pelican Hill statements of expenditures titled , for example , “ café/cart , ” and tracking Jenson money that paid for airline tickets to Orange County—the location of 5-star resort—for Lawson , Shurtleff and Swallow on two key trips during May and June , 2007.Defense attorney Tangaro highlighted how very few of the receipts—bare a few massages— specifically showed Swallow consuming goods and services on Jenson 's dime.She went through items such as Grey Goose vodka , filet mignon ( $ 30 a pop ) and pasta ( $ 16 ) on the receipts . `` We ca n't assume any of that stuff goes to John Swallow except that massage , right ? '' they asked . Ransdell said that was correct.Burmeister returned to receipts reviewed from prior hearings that showed Swallow 's initials on items including crab salads and a Nike hat that Jenson apparently paid for .
