Alexander Zverev eventually controlled their nerves to reach the French Open third round with a 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2 win over Serbian Dusan Lajovic on Wednesday as they bid to improve on a below-par Grand Slam record .
The second-seeded German smashed a racket in frustration before finding their groove and setting up a meeting with 26th- seeded Bosnian Damir Dzumhur .
Zverev has yet to reach the last eight at a Grand Slam but their huge talent told in the end against the world number 60 .
Asked about the gap between their ATP tour and their Grand Slam performances , Zverev said : `` Everybody tries to make a bigger story out of it than it is . I have had great success on the ATP Tour , won three Masters , made two other finals this year .
`` I ` m not worried . I know if I ` m doing the right things and if I do the right work I ` ll win those long matches , and the success will come itself . This is not something I think of on a daily basis . ''
After all , 20-times Grand Slam champion Roger Federer was also a relatively late bloomer .
`` He ( Federer ) told me a story about how they never made it past quarters until they are , what , 23 years old or something like that , '' said Zverev .
`` I still have a little bit of time . Hearing that from the greatest player of all time is comforting , because you always think , Oh , if I ` m not going to win this one , I ` m never going to win one . ''
The 21-year-old Zverev had to cope with the frustration of an error-riddled start of the match .
They dropped serve twice in the opening set as Lajovic kept their cool and held serve to take the lead on Court One .
Lajovic toyed with the German , who lost their temper when they were broken in the third game of the second set and crushed their racket in frustration .
Horrible unforced errors and ill-timed rushes to the net followed as Zverev struggled for control but they broke back for 3-3 and regained their composure to convert their first set point on Lajovic ` s serve to level the match .
There were more jitters , though , as they trailed 2-1 in the third when they dropped serve on a double fault . Lajovic went on to bag the set and Zverev had their back to the wall .
But the German , who leads the ATP Race , was fully focused as they raced through the fourth set by sticking closer to the baseline and they ended the match with an unreturnable serve .
INTRUST BANK ARENA , Wichita , Kan.— An Air Force team player guides a hockey puck through the Marine team toward the goal , February 11 , 2017 . The inter-service exhibition game was first played last year at the Wichita Ice Center . ( U.S. Army photo by Sgt . Debrah Sanders , 366th MPAD )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:51 Photo ID : 3165553 VIRIN : 170211-A-QR450-003 Resolution : 1800x1200 Size : 180.98 KB Location : WICHITA , KS , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Exhibition hockey brings servicemembers together [ Image 1 of 5 ] , by SGT Debrah Sanders , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Toronto 17 7 .708 4 New York 13 13 .500 9 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Southeast Division W L Pct GB Washington 14 12 .538 — Miami 12 13 .480 1½ Orlando 11 17 .393 4 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ Atlanta 6 20 .231 8 Central Division W L Pct GB Cleveland 19 8 .704 — Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ Chicago 5 20 .200 13 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ Northwest Division W L Pct GB Minnesota 16 11 .593 — Denver 14 12 .538 1½ Portland 13 12 .520 2 Utah 13 14 .481 3 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 3 Pacific Division W L Pct GB Golden State 21 6 .778 — L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 102 , Sacramento 87
Boston 91 , Detroit 81
Indiana 126 , Denver 116 , OT
Minnesota 97 , Dallas 92
New Orleans 131 , Philadelphia 124
New York 111 , Atlanta 107
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administration 's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation .
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates in Washington says the Department of Homeland Security 's decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program “ was unlawful and must be set aside . ”
Bates is giving DHS 90 days to “ better explain its view ” that DACA is unlawful . After that , they say , DHS “ must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications . ”
DACA temporarily shielded from deportation so-called Dreamers — immigrants brought illegally to the U.S. as children . President Donald Trump announced last year that they would end the program .
Bates ' ruling Tuesday night comes in a pair of cases whose lead plaintiffs are the NAACP and Princeton University .
Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson weighed in with this tweet :
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Next month , people around the world will witness a rare celestial event - a solar eclipse , which occurs when the moon passes between Earth and the sun .
Those who are standing directly in the moon 's shadow on Earth on August 21 , will see the disc of the moon move slowly in front of the sun until it covers it completely , leaving only a burning ring of light around the edge .
Those who are not in the right place to witness a total eclipse may still see a partial eclipse . The sky will darken and the temperature will drop , as the moon obscures part of the sun from view .
Solar eclipses do n't come along every day , so if you 're keen to see the spectacle , it 's worth planning ahead to make sure you 're in a good position for when it happens .
Here 's what you need to know about the 2017 total solar eclipse .
What is a solar eclipse ?
( Image : Getty )
A solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between Earth and the sun , obscuring the sun from view .
When the disk of the moon appears to completely cover the disk of the sun in the sky , it is known as a total solar eclipse . If part of the sun is still visible , it is known as a partial solar eclipse .
Solar eclipses occur because the moon orbits the Earth at an average of 239,000 miles - which is just the right distance for it to appear the same size in the sky as the much larger sun , which is 93 million miles away .
The amazing coincidence means that , when the moon passes in front of the sun , it is appears to cover it perfectly .
Where can I watch the solar eclipse ?
The best place to see the solar eclipse is in the United States . The so-called `` path of totality '' , which describes the areas where a total solar eclipse is visible , passes right through the middle of the country .
If you want to see a total eclipse , you 'll need to be in one of 11 US states - including Idaho , Wyoming , Nebraska , Kansas , Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , Tennessee , Georgia , North Carolina and South Carolina .
( Image : Reuters )
The rest of the United States will witness a partial solar eclipse . The amount that the moon covers the sun will vary depending on where the viewer is standing .
As for those of us in the UK , we will also witness a partial solar eclipse - although it may be a little underwhelming , as only 4 % of the sun will be covered by the moon .
The total solar eclipse will of course be available to view live on the NASA website .
What time is the solar eclipse ?
The eclipse will begin over the Pacific Ocean at 15:46 GMT on August 21 .
It will reach the coast of Oregon at Lincoln City , just west of Salem , at 16:04 GMT ( 09:04 local time ) . The eclipse will reach its maximum point here at 17:17 GMT ( 10:17 local time ) .
From here , the Moon 's central shadow will move inland across Idaho , Wyoming , Nebraska , Kansas , Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , Tennessee , Georgia , North Carolina and South Carolina .
( Image : REUTERS/Haakon Mosvold Larsen/NTB scanpix )
It will reach the town of Charleston , South Carolina at 17.16 GMT ( 13:16 local time ) , and will reach its maximum point at 18:47 GMT ( 14:47 local time ) , before moving out into the Atlantic Ocean .
For those watching in the UK , the eclipse will start shortly after 18:30 GMT ( 19:30 local time ) , and reach its maximum at about 19:00 GMT ( 20:00 local time ) .
As the eclipse occurs very close to sunset in the UK , those in the north have the best chance of seeing it , as it will be lighter for longer .
Solar Eclipse map
NASA has produced an interactive map to show the path of the eclipse and give information on the best times to see it .
To find out exactly when the eclipse will be visible in the location where you plan to observe it , just click on a spot on the map , and an informational box will appear with specific times .
Why do you need special glasses ?
Looking directly at the sun can damage your eyes , so if you 're planning to watch the solar eclipse , you should get a pair of solar viewing glasses .
These have special-purpose solar filters , which filter out all of the harmful ultraviolet and infrared light and almost all of the intense visible light to allow you to view the eclipse safely .
A whole range of companies are offering solar eclipse glasses which have a filter to protect your eyes , but you need to make sure they are safety tested and CE approved .
If you ca n't find CE-approved glasses , do n't rely on regular sunglasses - they wo n't protect you . Instead it 's worth looking at other techniques , such as pinhole projection .
When was the last solar eclipse ?
The last solar eclipse that was visible in the UK was on 20 March 2015 .
The eclipse was total across the north Atlantic including the Faroe Islands resulted in a large partial eclipse across the UK - greater than 80 % everywhere .
While the line of totality did n't touch land in the United Kingdom , it passed less than ten kilometres to the north-west of the island of Rockall .
In the US , there has n't been a total solar eclipse since 1979 .
When is the next Solar Eclipse in the UK ?
A very small partial eclipse will take place in the UK on 11 August 2018 , but it will be only be visible on the northern coast of Scotland , Orkney and Shetland , and the moon will only cover about 2 % of the sun .
The next really good eclipse will be on 12 August 2026 , when there will be a very large partial eclipse across Britain , ranging from around 96 % in Cornwall to 91 % in Aberdeen .
The next total eclipse visible in the UK is not until 23 September 2090 .
Stephen Colbert has returned from Easter break , and they kicked off Monday 's Late Show with a brief recap of President Trump 's first White House Easter Egg Roll earlier in the day . They cringed at the moment when first lady Melania Trump had to nudge the president during the national anthem . `` He forgot to put their hand over their heart , '' Colbert said . `` It happens to everybody . I mean , when I saw that footage I almost forgot to put my hand over my face . '' And yet , they added , that was `` not the most embarrassing thing to happen at the Easter Egg Roll . That honor goes to the official White House Snapchat account , that sent out this snap featuring a bunch of kids gathered around the 'Secretary of Educauon [ sic ] Betsy DeVos . ' Yes , it 's like Betsy DeVos always says : There 's no ' i ' in education , the way I spell it . ''
But Colbert 's vacation left a lot of news on the table , and they started with Trump 's decision to bomb Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's air base — and their retelling of that fateful decision , paired with a chocolate cake , Chinese President Xi Jinping , and mixing up the country they bombed . `` Hey , South Korea , before the war starts , just to be on the safe side , you might want to break out the spray paint , '' Colbert said , showing an image of the Korean Peninsula with `` The Good Korea ( Do Not Bomb ) '' scrawled in yellow paint across the lower half .
Trump also dropped a massive bomb in Afghanistan , but they really has their sights on North Korea , which tried and failed to fire off a ballistic missile on Sunday . Colbert had a heart-to-heart with Kim Jong-un : `` Kim , buddy , it happens to everybody . You get all excited , you want to prove your manhood , and then , blam-o . The next time , think about bombing baseball or something . '' And they ended with a look at Trump 's recent tweets , raising what could be an evergreen question for The Late Show : `` Am I high right now , or have I just been huffing pure Trump for too long ? '' Colbert ended back where they began , showing a Trump tweet about the `` Congressioal [ sic ] race tomorrow '' in Georgia . `` That 's right , 'congressioal . ' Someone 's being tutored by Betsy DeVos . '' Watch below . Peter Weber
Peter Weber
Ottawa police have obtained an arrest warrant for Alexandre Cadet , 18 , whom police allege was in possession of a restricted handgun .
Cadet , who is charged with possession of a loaded restricted handgun , is considered armed and dangerous . Police cautioned the public to not approach them and phone police instead .
Cadet is described as a 5-7 light brown skin male with a medium build , weighing between 140-150 pounds .
Police have recovered the handgun , but say the investigation is ongoing .
Anyone with information regarding this investigation is asked to call Ottawa police 's Central Criminal Investigation Unit at 613-236-1222 , ext . 5166 .
Regulatory cholesterol over decades in education delivered poor employability because of poor trade-offs between cost , quantity and quality . iStockphoto .
Asked to specify their education , Abraham Lincoln wrote a single word “ defective ” . Asked how many people work at their steel company , Andrew Carnegie said “ about half ” . Both comments could have been made today by many Indian companies .
Regulatory cholesterol over decades in education delivered poor employability because of poor trade-offs between cost , quantity and quality . But last week saw important and progressive regulations from the University Grants Commission ( UGC ) , which will enable , legitimize and expand online university education . While companies can not afford to manufacture their own employees ( prepare ) , we would like to make the case that this reform and technology will enable companies to repair or upgrade their employees by thinking about Corporate University 2.0 .
Financing employability faces a market failure ; companies are not willing to pay for training or candidates , but are willing to pay a wage premium for trained candidates . Candidates are not willing to pay for training , but are willing to pay for a job . Banks or microfinance companies are not willing to lend till a job is guaranteed . And training companies are unable to fill up their classrooms .
Policymakers all over the world often ask ; since employers benefit the most from training , why are not employers willing to pay for it ? But the inability of companies to manufacture their own employees was explained by Nobel laureate Gary Becker ; the upsides of learning usually do not go to individual companies , but to society or the individuals . Companies can not sustainably finance long-term training because of three holes in the bucket ; 1 ) You pay for training , the kid does not get hired , 2 ) You pay for training , the kid gets hired , but is not productive , and 3 ) You pay for training , the kid gets hired , is productive , but they leaf for another employer .
Yet nurturing human capital continues to be the most important driver of value , productivity and resilience for a modern corporation . If strategy is defined as the art of creating an unfair advantage , the only sustainable advantage is a culture of learning . Corporate Universities 1.0 involved setting up in-house physical learning centres—the highest profile being GE 's at Crotonville , the largest being Infosys at Mysuru , and the most effective being Oberoi Hotels in Delhi . But there are challenges ; many companies but can not afford the investments or costs in physical centres , most do not have the size for them , many do not want to do it in-house , and many find them fiscally unsustainable . But the new UGC online regulation combines Apprentice Act reforms and technological progress to enable Corporate University 2.0 .
Corporate University 2.0 will deliver learning on-campus , on-site , on-the-job , and online . On-campus could be captive or outsourced to a university and is the most expensive . On-site will involve a teacher coming to office or factory premises periodically . On-the-job means apprentices ; only 30,000 enterprises of our 63 million appoint apprentices ( UK with a third of the population of UP has 250,000 ) and we only have 400,000 formal apprentices ( Germany has 3 million , Japan 10 million and China 20 million ) .
Learning-while-earning and learning-while-doing are powerful ways of learning . Online learning has so far disappointed because repackaging textbooks or PowerPoint did not exploit the challenges of physical classrooms ( one size fits all , costs , uneven teacher quality , etc ) or leverage the upsides of technology ( personalization , on-the-go , on-demand , crowdsourced , gamified , smartphone , machine learning , natural language search , translation , etc ) . But we are starting a multi-decade ed-tech cycle that will make online learning more effective , engaging and affordable .
A skill crisis is never national or universal ; it always arises in a specific state , city , company , industry or function . Companies have dealt with this gap by encouraging migration and lowering hiring standards , but suffered the inevitable consequences of lower productivity and higher attrition .
The new online regulations by UGC create an overdue race for innovation in cost , product , content and delivery among Indian universities . Great companies —those who recognize their equity , does not sit on their balance sheets , but goes home every day —will use this opportunity to create the only sustainable competitive advantage by re-imagining their people supply chains , creating a culture of learning , and giving their employees another reason to stay .
Manish Sabharwal and Shantanu Rooj are with TeamLease Services and Schoolguru Eduserve , respectively .
A man who allegedly shot and wounded a Hurricane man at a trailer park nearly five years ago has been civilly committed to the Utah State Hospital after efforts to restore their mental competency failed .
Kate McCann reveals that they are `` really encourage
Nadia admits that she 's now paranoid when they goe
Third woman claims they were sexually abused by Sir
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A nanny who once cared for Madeleine McCann has said the `` best case scenario '' is that they were taken by a childless rich couple .
Speaking out 10 years after Madeleine 's disappearance , the former nanny said the thought of Maddie being happy with a wealthy family is the only place they can go in their mind .
They said : `` Think possibly is the wrong word , but hope . I hope they are still alive .
“ It 's probably very naive , but the best case scenario of a very horrible situation , is that they were procured and taken for a rich person who did n't have children .
“ I ca n't go anywhere else in my head . I can read it about other people and know how horrible that seedy world is where children are sold . But my brain wo n't go there with them I just switch off .
“ But I think the only person who knows exactly what happened is Madeleine . Can I believe it 's 10 years on ? Yes and no .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : PA )
Speaking of that dreadful night in May 2007 , the ex-nanny –who looked after the girl several times – said : “ A parent came to me and said there was something going on , and said someone 's looking for a child , I did n't instantly think it was Maddie .
`` A couple of minutes later I walked into Kate crying , friends comforting her , Gerry looking under cars , and it just blew up .
`` I do n't even think they saw me . I just stood next to them and tried to comfort them
“ She was pacing up and down . The worst possible thing had just happened to them
“ I think I said something like , ‘ She 'll be found , these things happen all the time . '
“ She was crying , but almost in a catatonic state , and Gerry was very distressed . That 's the one thing I really remember from him , looking under the cars . I ca n't forget that .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
“ We were told to start looking in bins in case their body was in there . It was at that point we realised this was serious . ”
Along with other staff , the ex-carer , who worked for travel firm Mark Warner at the the Ocean Club resort , sifted by hand in the dark through industrial-sized bins and piping leading into the sea in their hunt for Madeleine .
They also walked Praia da Luz 's small , winding streets searching for the missing girl until they were told , against their wills at 5am , that it was time for bed .
But the woman , who we are not naming , said they are still furious with local police , who they claimed took 90 minutes to arrive on the scene .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
And they told how people were in and out of the apartment where Madeleine vanished from – contaminating a ­potential crime scene .
The former nanny added : “ I know I did n't step into that apartment but pretty much everybody else did . So , evidence gone , nothing . There was nobody there to say , ‘ We need to lock this off now . '
`` The police did n't get there for ages , maybe an hour and a half , so we were looking for them
`` And at the end of the day , no matter how much you 've been trained with ­children , we were children , mainly ­teenagers , we 're not police .
“ That 's why police were trying to get everyone 's timelines , because they were n't there . ”
They also told how they were interviewed by officers in the wake of Madeleine 's disappearance and later detectives from ­the Met 's Operation Grange handed them two pages of statements they had retrieved from their Algarve compratiots .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Them original statement was four to five pages long , but the one the Portuguese had been working from was only two pages long – missing a number of details from their interview .
The woman claimed “ whole chunks of information were missed out ” .
They added : “ I think a lot of things should 've happened differently . ­Unfortunately the effects were catastrophic . ”
And the carer told how they were astonished Kate and Gerry were ever deemed suspects in their own child 's ­disappearance .
They are still constantly quizzed by people about the case who ask if “ the parents did it ” .
They said : “ I tell them no , there 's no way at all . A , timings and B , where it was , their r­eactions , the whole thing . Not a chance . ”
The woman also told how Madeleine was a favourite among the child minders . Them allocated nanny was Catriona Baker , but others also got the chance to look after them
The carer added : “ I remember their character and ­temperament . They were slightly shy , very sweet . Not loud or precocious .
( Photo : PA )
“ We obviously give the same care to all the children , but they were a real cutie and a real sweetheart . If you asked her , ‘ Can you just pass me that ? ' She 'd be like , ‘ Sure . '
“ She was easy for us , and you were happy to sit and help out this pretty little girl who 's really nice . ”
While the Ocean Club was clearly popular with British holidaymakers like the McCanns , from Rothley , Leics , the former child minder claimed it was considered an unsafe place for those who worked there .
After they arrived they were stunned when a fellow nanny passed on a message from hotel staff to never venture off the site alone .
They added : “ I just could n't get over how different it was to other Mark Warner resorts .
“ We were told , ‘ Here 's a rape whistle , do n't go anywhere by yourself , ever . ' There 'd been a girl attacked the year or so before in Praia da Luz . It did n't sound like a family resort to me .
“ I just got the feeling the locals did n't want us there . ”
It emerged in 2014 that 11 years earlier a 10-year-old British girl had been sexually assaulted “ in the heart ” of Praia da Luz .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
The victim came forward three years ago after a Scotland Yard appeal revealed a string of potentially linked sex assaults on young UK girls across the Algarve between 2004 and 2006 .
Mark Warner , which operates in resorts all over the world , quit Praia da Luz in 2015 .
Madeleine vanished as their parents ate with friends at a tapas bar just 40 yards from where they slept next to twin siblings , Amelie and Sean .
But the former nanny , who could n't face child minding again after the Algarve horror , said dining while kids were in the apartments was “ really normal ” in such resorts .
And they insisted there was no evidence Kate and Gerry would ever neglect their kids .
They said : “ I remember thinking , even before I knew them , how they were the picture perfect family . ”
( Photo : The People )
Asked if they think Madeleine is still alive , the woman said : “ Think possibly is the wrong word , but hope . I hope they are still alive .
“ It 's probably very naive , but the best case scenario of a very horrible situation , is that they were procured and taken for a rich person who did n't have children .
“ I ca n't go anywhere else in my head . I can read it about other people and know how horrible that seedy world is where children are sold . But my brain wo n't go there with them I just switch off .
“ But I think the only person who knows exactly what happened is Madeleine . Can I believe it 's 10 years on ? Yes and no .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
No because 10 years seems like a really long time , she 'd be nearly 14 .
“ And yes , because sometimes , when I talk about it , it feels like I 'm right back there again .
“ I wonder if she 's alive . Do they even remember ? Do they remember them parents ?
“ I 'm probably less harrowed by it now , but that 's just because , although it 's awful , it 's become accepted .
“ ‘ It 's Madeleine , she 's gone missing but it would just be the best day ever if I could be told that she 's been found . ”
Operation Grange , which was last month given £85,000 of Home Office funding to extend its probe until September , still speaks to witnesses .
It 's not the Fourth of July without fireworks , but did you know that weather can impact the dazzling display of light in the sky ? Clear skies , light winds and low humidity create the optimal conditions for a fireworks show , according to AccuWeather . As humidity increases , the color from the fireworks could appear less vibrant.Wind speed is also closely monitored ; if there 's too little wind , the smoke from the fireworks might not dissipate quickly enough and could obstruct the view from the ground . If there 's too much wind , smoke and hot embers could move into areas full of spectators.Drought conditions can also cause problems for fireworks shows . The fallout from fireworks could be enough to start a fire in a matter of seconds . In some desert areas , drone shows are replacing fireworks -- in addition to being safer in drier areas , the drone shows are more inclusive for those with sensitives to the sound of firework explosions Rain , though , poses little risk to fireworks as long as the fireworks are kept in waterproof bags . Downpours and thunderstorms can cause a fireworks show to be canceled or delayed , especially if there 's lightning .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
On this day 72 years ago , President Harry Truman made an announcement on the radio : Japan had agreed to surrender . World War II was over .
Mike Stevens spent time with veterans as they shared their stories with middle school students . Our trip Back Down The Pennsylvania Road takes us to Danville in 2004 .
Update : We do n't know whether or not Bethesda is working on a new Elder Scrolls game at the moment but the entire world seems to think that it 's an inevitability .
As a result , everyone is looking for a sign . The latest indicator is in the form of a job listing posted by ZeniMax , Bethesda 's parent company .
The listing says the company is seeking a tools engineer to help in the creation of `` a AAA development environment . ''
Although this is n't a direct indication that The Elder Scrolls 6 is in development , it does suggest the Bethesda is preparing to get to work on a major release which is intriguing on its own .
Considering Pete Hines stated in an interview with IGN at E3 that Bethesda had two major releases to bring out before it was going to start work on a sixth Elder Scrolls game , we 'll likely be waiting a long time .
Original article continues below ...
The Elder Scrolls 5 : Skyrim may be able to boast that it still has “ millions ” of daily players , but we 're willing to bet that despite their ongoing love of the game these players would be very much interested in news of Elder Scrolls 6 . Probably because we are some of these very players ourselves .
The Elder Scrolls is one of the biggest RPG franchises around and though it 's recently moved into MMORPG territory with the Elder Scrolls Online , we have n't seen a new mainline title since the launch of Skyrim in 2011 .
It has n't felt like six years since we first played Skyrim thanks to the numerous DLC packs , the recent remaster , and the incredible mods that are out there but while we continue to enjoy them , it 's always fun to speculate about what will be coming next .
Clearly we 're not the only ones – we 've traversed the internet to uncover all the rumors it holds and we 've gathered all the most plausible news right here for your perusal .
Cut to the chase
What is it ? The highly anticipated sequel to the Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim
The highly anticipated sequel to the Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim When can I play it ? Not soon
Not soon What can I play it on ? PC is a safe bet , as well as the latest console generations
We might as well get the bad news out of the way first – you 're not likely to be playing The Elder Scrolls 6 any time soon . The good news , however , is that it 's been confirmed you will be able to ... eventually .
In August 2016 , marketing executive Pete Hines said that though Bethesda would be making the game , it was n't in active development at that moment .
“ This studio is not a vending machine , ” they said . “ They 're not a two-button vending machine , where first we press Elder Scrolls and then we press Fallout , and then we press Elder Scrolls and then we press Fallout . They 're an incredibly talented studio of creative people . They 've now made four games in a row , all of which were named Game of the Year , and they have a right to decide what they 're interested in working on next and which direction they want to go . ”
More recently executive producer and developer Todd Howard said that the studio is currently working on three games , one of which is a mobile title while the other two are larger and more “ classically Bethesda ” games .
Howard said nothing that would point towards Elder Scrolls 6 being in active development , though . In fact , they actually said these titles were going to be a bit “ different ” from Bethesda 's usual offerings so it 's unlikely that either of them is going to turn out to be the sixth Elder Scrolls . That does n't , however , mean plans are n't being made at the very least .
Considering the studio is just adding to Elder Scrolls Online with an entirely new standalone Morrowind game and it 's still building up to the release of the Skyrim port for Nintendo Switch it 's not surprising that Bethesda would want to take a short breather away from Elder Scrolls and Fallout .
Basically , though we can take comfort in the knowledge that Bethesda is planning to continue the Elder Scrolls series , it 's looking highly unlikely we 're going to be playing it before 2020 .
Elder Scrolls 6 trailer – when can I watch it ?
Since we 're fairly sure Elder Scrolls 6 is still nothing but a twinkle in Bethesda 's eye we would n't expect a trailer in the near future . Even if it 's entered the pre-production stages any actual footage is a long time away .
Even when a trailer is created you can bet that it 's going to be more heavily protected than a Daedric artifact . Bethesda wo n't drop this trailer until it 's ready , and when it does , trust us , you 'll know about it .
Elder Scrolls 6 – what do we know so far ?
Bethesda is a busy studio : not only is it working on the Nintendo Switch port of Skyrim , it 's also continuing to develop for Elder Scrolls Online and it 's working on Fallout 4 VR . And that 's only in its main RPG franchises . It 's still got plenty going on elsewhere with mobile games , Dishonored , Prey and others .
Thanks to Todd Howard , we know Bethesda is working on two huge new titles simultaneously , though their developments are staggered .
There 's no confirmation on whether or not either of these titles are the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls 6 . If they 're not we imagine Bethesda would be struggling to fit such a massive title 's development into its immediate schedule .
That said , large studios plan decades in advance ( Peter Hines themselves said they know Bethesda 's own plans for the next ten years ) so can assume the game is being actively discussed if it 's not being actively developed .
Having returned to Skyrim after some time away , Howard compared it to seeing an old friend from high school , adding that the time away had given them the chance to see Skyrim as a gamer for the first time .
This , to us , would be the perfect time to start applying this new perspective to the next title in the series .
At the very least we can say we know it wo n't just be called Elder Scrolls 6 . There 's going to be a colon and another word to round the title off if previous releases are anything to go by .
Where will it be set ?
We 're also willing to bet that like all the other games in the series it 's going to be set in the continent of Tamriel , the map of which is below .
Previous games have taken us to Highrock , Hammerfell , Morrowind , Cyrodil , and Skyrim . Valenwood , Elsweyr and Black Marsh are the biggest places left to explore . Though there 's still much of Morrowind left to explore , we imagine much of that will be covered in the upcoming Elder Scrolls Online title .
So , Valenwood , Elsweyr or Black Marsh . Which looks most likely ? Rumors online are heavily pointing towards Black Marsh , the home of the world 's reptilian Argonian race .
There is n't actually any solid reason for this rumor , but its swampy marshlands and network of islands would make for an interesting geographic change for the series , though it 's a geography that would leave itself open to comparison with the Witcher 3 . It 's probably the region of Tamriel that we know the least about so Bethesda would have plenty of room to be creative .
That said , Elsweyr would also be an interesting geography change with its dry plains and harsh badlands that the Khajit call home .
It would certainly be nice to find out more about the culture of either the Khajit or the Argonians so both of these extremely different settings have an understandable appeal to fans .
There is , however , weight to a rumor that Elder Scrolls 6 could be set in Valenwood . Valenwood is the home of the Bosmer and it 's an area of Tamriel that Bethesda has n't explored much .
The rumor that the game will be set here is based on a reported internal Bethesda memo from all the way back in 2014 . In this memo , Bethesda employees were reportedly wanted against using the terms Fallout : Nuka World , Elder Scrolls VI or Project Greenheart .
Though it was initially believed to be a fake , Fallout : Nuka World ended up being a big DLC release for Fallout 4 which gives slightly more weight to rumor that Project Greenheart is in fact the codename for the next Elder Scrolls title . The fact that Greenheart is a city in the verdant region of Valenwood makes this even more interesting .
Forest and jungle settings are hard to get right in games and it 'd be really interesting to see Bethesda get creative with the part of Tamriel that 's said to have rejected civilization and embraced the wilderness .
What features can we expect ?
Homebuilding
A feature that we 're fairly certain will be included in the game to some degree is house building or town creation . Skyrim introduced the idea of designing and maintaining a homestead with its Hearthfire DLC , which Fallout 4 expanded upon with the introduction of its settlement mechanic and the Elder Scrolls online built upon again with its Homestead DLC . This leads neatly into a further expansion of such features in the next Elder Scrolls title as it felt not-quite-finished in Fallout .
It would be a feature that would actually fit in particularly well with the rumored Valenwood setting , if it involved the player adapting to the wilderness in the way the resident Bosmer have with their treetop cities . In a similar way the player used debris and junk to craft their settlement in Fallout , they could use their natural environment to do so in Elder Scrolls in a nice contrast .
A whole new story
In a recent interview with Gamespot , Todd Howard said that Bethesda is looking into how exactly it tells stories in its games .
Howard noted that Skyrim and Fallout 4 take slightly different approaches to stories , with Skyrim leaving things more open to the player 's vision and Fallout guiding them more firmly through a story
Now they say the studio are looking how to “ tell a better story in an open world. ” They said “ each of our games we 've had successes and failures and if you ask us internally , we have new ideas that we want to explore in the future because we feel like we have n't really cracked it yet the way we think it could be . ”
Being aware of the differences between Skyrim and Fallout 's approaches to storytelling and the fact that both have positives and negatives suggests that the next Elder Scrolls title could strike some kind of balance between giving the player completely free reign and telling a story around their character .
It 's hard to deny that The Witcher 3 has had a massive impact on what players expect in terms of including an engaging story in an open world game .
Though we do n't in any way want Bethesda to just churn out a Witcher copy ( we 're not sure it 'd be possible anyway ) it does put a certain amount of pressure on Bethesda when it comes to achieving high-quality environmental and quest-based story telling .
Something we do n't expect to see , though , is multiplayer . Skyrim certainly does n't suffer from a lack of multiplayers and it would n't really make all that much sense to incorporate any online multiplayer gameplay with the Elder Scrolls Online still rolling along .
Virtual reality
It 's not a certainty by any means but the fact that Bethesda is working on a full game virtual reality experience for Fallout 4 at least indicates it 's a possibility for a future Elder Scrolls game .
Todd Howard said that at the moment you can play the entirety of Fallout 4 on VR , so we 're expecting its release soon . Once it 's in the wild and players are using it , Bethesda will have the chance to receive feedback and improve upon it . Elder Scrolls 6 would be a good time to showcase these improvements .
What would we like to see ?
Well , something we 'd like to see and fully expect to see is improved graphics and reduced bugginess . The remastered version of Skyrim showed just how far things have come visually since the game 's first release so we fully expect any title following on from it to be of that standard if not much higher , depending on how far away the game is .
There 's actually a fairly good chance that the game could be created using an entirely new game engine – after it created an entirely new engine for Skyrim we do n't think it 's unlikely Bethesda will do the same for Elder Scrolls 6 and any Fallout sequels .
The Bethesda game studio in Montreal is currently looking to hire an engine programmer so it 's well worth watching this space .
`` We have repeatedly stated that we support the sovereignty and the territorial integrity of Iraq . Any decisions related to Iraq 's unity should be a consequence of negotiations process between Baghdad and Erbil in this case . There is currently a range of disagreements of political , economic and territorial nature which exists between the two centres . So we are urging the central authorities , as well as the government of the autonomous region of Kurdistan to begin dialogue to discuss all disputable topics and agree on mutually acceptable principles and forms of coexistence . ''
`` We always said on all levels that we are ready to provide comprehensive support to our Iraqi friends in boosting the military potential of the Iraqi army and security agencies , equipping them with the latest military equipment . ''
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told the US Congress that their administration fully supports the independence of the so-called `` Iraqi Kurdistan '' and its separation from Iraq , according to Jerusalem Post.During a meeting with the 33-member congressional delegation last week , Netanyahu pointed out that they fully support the establishment of an `` independent Kurdish state '' in north of Iraq.The newspaper also said that Netanyahu does not often address the Kurdish issue , namely due to being `` politically sensitive '' , especially because of the more reserved traditional American position , and certainly that of a Trump administration , which prefers seeing Iraq as a united and undivided state , in addition to the Kurdish issue being a red line for Turkey , a fellow NATO ally who is gravely concerned that such developments in Iraq might impact the Kurdish-majority areas in Turkey that have already experienced attempts of separatism.Meanwhile : Russia calls for dialogue between Baghdad and Iraqi Kurds-commits to further arms sales to Iraq Russia has put its voice forward calling for a delay in the Kurdish independence referendum in north Iraq which is scheduled for September.Russia has instead encouraged the Iraqi government and Iraqi Kurds to engage in dialogue in order to reach a compromise solution which does not threaten Iraq 's territorial integrity . This move will be welcomed by Turkey which is set against Kurdish separatism throughout the region.Russia 's ambassador to Iraq Maksim Maksimov has stated : To this effect they stated This underlines Russia 's increasingly good relations with Iraq , a role that was solidified during Iraqi Vice President Nouri al-Maliki recent visit to Moscow .
( AP ) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation ( all times local ) :
6:30 p.m .
President Donald Trump 's legal team has provided documents to special counsel Robert Mueller summarizing their view on certain key matters being investigated .
That 's according to a person familiar with the situation who insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation .
The records were given as Trump 's lawyers negotiate with Mueller 's team about the scope and terms of any possible interview .
The person who spoke to the AP says the records were intended to summarize what the legal team believes the evidence shows about certain episodes . Among the events under investigation are the firings of former FBI director James Comey and former national security adviser Michael Flynn .
Related Content : A frustrated Trump lashes out at special counsel Mueller
The Washington Post , which first reported that documents had been provided , says they were furnished in an effort to curtail the scope of any interview .
——
3:30 p.m .
President Donald Trump is adding a new lawyer to their legal team in the Russia investigation .
Joseph diGenova , a former United States attorney for the District of Columbia , is scheduled to join the team later this week .
DiGenova has been outspoken in their defense of Trump . They have publicly discussed what they believe is a “ brazen plot ” to exonerate Hillary Clinton in the email investigation and to “ frame ” Trump with a “ falsely created crime . ”
DiGenova 's addition comes at a sensitive moment in special counsel Robert Mueller 's Russia probe , as Trump 's attorneys weigh whether Trump should submit to an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms .
DiGenova will work with Trump 's other lawyers in the Russia investigation , John Dowd and Jay Sekulow .
———
2:25 p.m .
The White House is continuing to deny that President Donald Trump is looking to oust special counsel Robert Mueller .
Spokesman Hogan Gidley tells reporters aboard Air Force One that , “ there are no conversations or discussions about removing ” Mueller .
And they say Trump 's recent tweets criticizing Mueller 's team are part of their “ well-established frustration for more than a year this has been going on . ”
Trump this weekend lashed out at Mueller on Twitter for the first time by name . Some congressional Republicans feared that was a signal Trump might be considering firing Mueller . On Monday Trump called the probe “ a total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest ! ”
Related Content : McCabe kept memos on Trump dealings ; Mueller now has them
Gidley says Trump “ believes this is the biggest witch hunt in history . ”
Trump can not directly fire Mueller . Any dismissal would have to be carried out by deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein .
——
1:24 a.m .
The White House says President Donald Trump is n't thinking or talking about firing special counsel Robert Mueller .
That 's the word from White House lawyer Ty Cobb in a statement late Sunday after a series of Trump tweets revived chatter that the frustrated president may be preparing to have Mueller fired .
Mueller is investigating whether Trump 's actions , including last year 's ouster of FBI Director James Comey , amount to obstruction of justice .
Trump believes the probe is biased against him , a point they made clear in weekend tweets that jabbed Mueller directly .
Cobb says : “ In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration , the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel , Robert Mueller . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's a conversation few parents relish having to have to with their kids .
One day , however , said kids will start to get curious and ask questions about sex .
The days of fobbing them off with tales of storks or twee analogies about seeds will be over . You 'll have to be brave and bite the bullet .
Go on , you can do it .
Happily , you can also buy them a book which handily explains the birds and the bees . If you do go down this route , then perhaps you 'll come across this book :
'The Amazing True Story of How Babies Are Made '
Yes , it explains perfectly what goes into making a baby , but it also comes with some seriously graphic images , and it 's divided parents .
( Image : Facebook )
The picture book by Fiona Katauskas poetically describes sex as being like a `` jigsaw puzzle '' where both parties get a `` tingly , excited , very loving feeling . ''
But not everyone had that loving feeling for the book - and it prompted a fierce debate between parents on Facebook .
The beginning chapter is titled 'Sex and making a baby ' and includes details about foreplay and quite a graphic image of a man 's penis inside a woman 's vagina - complete with sperm poised and ready to go .
`` Seriously this is inappropriate to be in a kids section , '' fumed one mum .
( Image : Facebook )
`` Omg really ? There is time for all this c * * p , just let kids be kids they do n't need to know the finer details , '' agreed another .
`` What is wrong with the world , '' lamented another parent .
That said , not everyone took umbrage to it .
`` Get a life people , '' a parent countered , `` you do n't have to buy the book and there is no chance of your kids picking it up in the shop to look at if they are properly supervised . ''
( Image : Facebook )
Fiona apparently wrote the book after struggling to ask the dreaded `` where do babies come from ? '' question from their eldest son .
India 's national security adviser Ajit Doval . Photo : HT
Finally , a significant change seems to be in the offing in India 's defence planning architecture with the Narendra Modi government deciding to establish an overarching defence planning committee ( DPC ) under the national security adviser . The aim is to leverage this cross-governmental body—comprising the chairperson of the chiefs of staff committee , three service chiefs , the defence , expenditure and foreign secretaries—to enhance India 's ability to do some long-term strategizing .
The DPC is being tasked with drafting reports on “ national security strategy , international defence engagement strategy , road map to build a defence manufacturing ecosystem , strategy to boost defence exports , and priority capability development plans ” . Four subcommittees are to be created under the DPC to focus on policy and strategy , plans and capability development , defence diplomacy , and the defence manufacturing ecosystem .
This decision comes at a time when Indian defence planning stands at a crossroads . The silo-driven approach to defence planning has resulted in the lack of an integrated view . The three services as well as the civilian and defence agencies are often seen to be working at cross purposes . Such an ad hoc approach has meant that more often than not , issues like threat perception and force structure are not managed via a centralized and authoritative overview . Instead , individual services tend to be driving the agenda at their own levels .
This lack of synchronization was underscored recently . On the one hand , the Indian Army chief was talking of a two-front war . On the other , the vice-chief of army staff was testifying before the parliamentary standing committee on defence that the budget allocated to the defence forces was hardly enough to complete the committed payments for the emergency procurements already made , let alone for pursuing an ambitious defence modernization plan .
The headlines on Indian defence policy often tend to be completely divorced from the ground reality . India 's $ 250-billion military modernization programme is often talked about . But even as New Delhi remains keen on acquiring significant weapons platforms , there have been persistent doubts about its ability to harness these resources in service of a long-term strategy . Indeed , the absence of an Indian “ grand strategy ” that sets out political objectives for Indian power projection—and then ensures military , economic , intelligence and educational development—coordinated toward these objectives , has been a perennial topic of discussion within Indian strategic circles .
India 's defence reform campaign has existed nearly as long as the current system itself . This drive focuses on extending resource integration and coordination throughout defence policymaking . Moreover , it recommends a state infrastructure able to adequately implement political judgements and to combine state resources to meet these judgements . This is currently missing in India .
Recognizing this link between the grand strategy discourse and India 's defence predicament can help develop a better articulation of political judgement to resources . The evolution of India 's defence structures and processes bears witness to the persistence of personal networks and the preferences of the prime minister of the day being the determinant of policy action . Consequently , there is an accordant policymaking dysfunction that arises when the prime minister is either weak or has more pressing matters on them agenda .
Since the very beginning , the defence reform drive has implicitly targeted the need for a sufficiently integrative and coordinative state structure—required for an operationally effective defence policy . But not much success has been achieved . Reforming this system remains a core requirement for India to adequately manage its scarce resources and align these with political objectives .
Effective defence planning and force structuring is a function of an institutional framework that allows for a clear delineation of political goals , efficient mobilization of resources and effective use of these resources for developing instrumentalities of state power . With the formation of the DPC , New Delhi seems to have finally acknowledged that a new institutional framework is needed . Hopefully , this will provide an overarching vision for Indian 's defence planning .
At a time when advances in technology are revolutionizing warfare , India is still debating the need to move towards leaner force structures . India needs to cut the flab on an urgent basis as over half of the annual defence budget going to meet salary and pension requirements is clearly not sustainable . The priorities of India 's “ Make In India ” initiative and cumbersome defence procurement process will also have to be brought in sync with each other .
India 's status as the world 's largest arms importer hardly does justice to its ambitions to emerge as a defence manufacturing hub . The debate on integration , both among the services headquarters , and between the services and the ministry of defence , also continues unabated and should be concluded .
The central challenge in defence planning remains the issue of uncertainty . Effective defence planning tends to put a premium on assuring future strategic and operational adaptiveness . In the Indian context , a transformative shift in mindset , structures and processes is needed . Rapidly evolving security environment as well as a near permanent pressure on scarce resources underscores the need for strategic defence planning .
The Modi government has made the first move . Ideally , it should have come in the government 's first year so that it would have had time to streamline the planning process by now . Nonetheless , it has now moved and should take the process of defence reforms to their logical conclusion .
Harsh V. Pant is a distinguished fellow at the Observer Research Foundation and professor of international relations at King 's College London .
Comments are welcome at theirview @ livemint.com
Rental of the Week : $ 5,500 per month for a converted townhouse near College Street
Rental of the Week : $ 5,500 per month for a converted townhouse near College Street
Address : 455 Dovercourt Road , Unit 6
Neighbourhood : Dufferin Grove
Agent : Marianne Tasker , Toronto Luxury Rentals
Price : $ 5,500 per month
The place
A two-bedroom unit in a newly converted townhouse development .
The history
This building dates from 1958 , and was used as a city services facility before being converted into townhouses and office space in 2016 . The owners of this furnished condo are hoping to attract tenants involved with the film industry .
Here 's the living room :
The very sleek kitchen :
There are two bedrooms . Here 's one of them :
And the master bedroom :
Major perks
Now that spring has finally arrived , tenants can enjoy the unit 's balcony and private rooftop deck :
Possible dealbreaker
The master bedroom does n't have its own ensuite , so families with children may have to share a bathroom :
By the numbers
• $ 5,500 per month
• 1,525 square feet
• 2 bedrooms
• 2 bathrooms
• 1 balcony
• 1 deck
• 1 parking spot
The GP3 Series concludes its triple header this weekend at Silverstone . Home favourite Callum Ilott is on top of the championship standings after a strong weekend at the Red Bull Ring . Anthoine Hubert has fallen to second in the standings after a difficult weekend in Austria . Ilott claimed their second victory in the series last time out , taking 29 out of the maximum 31 points available on Saturday , as Jake Hughes won with ART Grand Prix for the first time . WHAT HAPPENED IN 2017 AT Silverstone ? In the Feature Race , George Russell claimed the second victory of their GP3 career . Hubert and Alessio Lorandi were the podium finishers . Giuliano Alesi had finished in eighth place but Dorian Boccolacci who had finished in fifth was penalised and was classified in eighth now instead . This , rather controversially , meant that Boccolacci would start the Sprint Race on reverse grid pole . However , the Frenchman was unable to make the start with Alesi – starting from second – leading away the grid . From there Alesi held control of the race , surviving a safety car restart which allowed them to eek out a one second advantage before crossing the line ahead of Jack Aitken . You can read the full reports of what happened last year here : Feature Race | Sprint Race
WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME AT The Red Bull Ring ?
Saturday at the Red Bull Ring belonged to Ilott .
Having claimed ART 's first pole position of the season converted it into a lights-to-flag victory to win by four and a half seconds over Leonardo Pulcini .
It was a difficult start to the weekend for Hubert who having been looking to challenge for pole in qualifying ran wide and missed their opportunity .
Things did not get much better for the Frenchman who stopped on track just a lap later meaning they had to start the race from nineteenth place .
Looking to have had a strong recovery back into the points , Hubert was battling with David Beckmann over reverse grid pole when the Frenchman was hit from and spun by the late lunging Nikita Mazepin .
Hubert eventually crossed the line in seventeenth place .
On Sunday , it was another ART who emerged victorious with Hughes .
The Briton already had two GP3 victories to their name from their time as a DAMS driver in 2016 .
Starting from fourth place , Hughes took advantage of Beckmann , Ryan Tveter and Alesi making contact at the first corner eliminating them all from the race .
Facing the challenge of Pedro Piquet behind , Hughes had to defend heavily from the Brazilian who got ahead of the Briton for a handful of laps .
Using the DRS that was still available to him , Hughes returned to the head of the race to take the win by just eight tenths of a second .
Leaving Spielberg , Ilott now leads the standings by six points over Hubert who left Austria without scoring any points .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If you want to work for one of the world 's top internal spy agencies , this might be for you .
Sadly , though , you wo n't be out in the field . No BMW or pistol . Sorry .
MI5 is recruiting a ... finance officer . The position is based in Belfast , and you 'll be taking home a very agreeable but far from covert operative level salary of £46,860 a year .
Still , MI5 describes the role as a way to step into a `` career like no other '' . Applicants must be a `` born or naturalised British citizen '' , Belfast Live reports , and wo n't be allowed to talk about their candidacy with other people .
What 's the job spec ?
( Image : Publicity Picture )
“ It 's our mission to keep the country and its people safe , '' the job notice reads . `` Not only does it make working here rewarding , it also provides a variety unlike anywhere else .
“ Combined with our supportive and flexible working environment , it 's the reason most of our people stay for a substantial part of their careers .
“ This is an opportunity to work within a unique finance community , providing dedicated support and ensuring we make the most of our resources .
“ We will help develop your personal , professional and technical skills , through both internal training and external courses .
“ Embedded within our finance community , you will help make sure money is managed effectively . It will also be your responsibility to support colleagues and managers through the monthly finance cycle , ensuring financial data is complete and accurate .
`` You will meet with cost centre managers to determine and challenge future financial forecasts and provide accounting advice to customers . ”
As for the criteria ?
( Image : BBC )
“ To apply , a finance qualification ( or willingness to work towards one ) would be an advantage , although not essential if you have relevant experience or an aptitude for financial management , '' MI5 explains .
`` However , it 's vital you enjoy building strong relationships with partners and customers , sharing advice to inform spending decisions and manage financial risks .
“ As a creative thinker you will generate innovative solutions . You will be able to apply theory and technical skills on a pragmatic basis , as well as communicate complex technical information to a range of audiences .
“ To apply to MI5 you must be a born or naturalised British citizen , over 18 years of age and normally have lived in the UK for nine of the last ten years .
“ You should not discuss your application , other than with your partner or a close family member , providing that they are British . They should also be made aware of the importance of discretion . ”
Exercise may seem like a bottom-of-the-list choice in the heat and humidity of summer , but no matter what the season , it 's good for you . More and more studies show that exercise is good not just for the body , but for the brain and the psyche as well . Better fitness , better sleep , and plain old feeling better are just a few of the benefits exercise offers .
Do n't believe us ? Still not excited to get out there and sweat your stuff ? Then get some inspiration from Lisa Batey , Lisa Miyasugi , Alisa DiCaprio and Aleisha Ribaldi , the four open water swimmers Metropolis spoke to about their sport , and head toward fitness !
Lisa Batey , a massage therapist at a Tokyo gym , advises people searching for a way to get started to remember something from their childhood that they liked to do or just try something new . The point , they say , is to make sure you enjoy it .
“ I think people get hung up on the latest fads in exercise , whether it be running or circuit training or intervals . I hear it all the time : ‘ I 'm trying to get fit , but I hate running . ' Then do n't run ! Play tennis , try ballet , salsa , martial arts , or a spin class ! Find a social group associated with exercise if solo workouts are boring . Athletics are not limited to running and the gym . ”
Alisa DiCaprio agrees that the focus needs to be on simply getting out there and getting going , but they also add that triathlons or other kinds of races can give people a goal that is motivating in itself .
“ Stop talking about it and sign up , ” DiCaprio says . “ You need a reason to train , so sign up . Then you have a target . Without that , just talking about a triathlon is never going to make it happen . ”
When it comes to swimming , though , Lisa Miyasugi , a former Olympic contender now turned coach , understands that people hesitate for a variety of reasons . They run regular training sessions for triathletes as well as children and adults who want to get wet but are n't sure where to begin . They emphasize the naturalness of the sport and offers to come along .
“ Do n't be scared , ” they say . “ Swimming is a natural human instinct . Everyone and anyone can swim . I will get in the pool with you . ”
Aleisha Ribaldi emphasizes patience with the process , although they also agree that getting out there and getting started is the only way exercise ( or anything else ) is going to happen .
“ Be brave and just do , ” they say . “ It 's totally ok to take baby steps . I did n't just wake up one morning able to swim 10km . My first open water swim race in Japan was actually only an 800m race even though I knew I was capable of swimming more in the pool . I just wanted to test the waters . ”
Ready to start testing the waters ? Check out this list of local pools and this list of rec leagues to get started .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England finally ended their long run of losing on penalties on Tuesday night when they beat Colombia in the World Cup 's last-16 - and it appears they have Cristiano Ronaldo to thank .
It 's been 22 years since the Three Lions last won on spot kicks , that coming against Spain in Euro 1996 when Stuart Pearce got their redemption at Wembley .
Since then England fans have had to endure shootout defeats to Argentina ( 1999 ) , Portugal ( 2004 and 2006 ) and Italy ( 2012 ) .
But the tide finally turned when Eric Dier stepped up to put England into the quarter-finals of this summer 's World Cup .
( Image : Ryan Pierse/Getty Images )
( Image : Alex Morton/Getty Images )
And it seems England 's success was no accident , they 've been analysing and practising .
Research prior to the tournament showed that Three Lions players were quick in their run ups , potentially rushing their chance .
( Image : Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images )
In a bid to change this , Portugal captain Ronaldo was analysed . The Real Madrid star tends to take their time and breathe in before striking the ball .
The change in style was evident when looking at Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford 's run ups , each taking time and steadying themselves in their own way .
( Image : PA )
( Image : FIFA via Getty )
FA technical director Dan Ashworth explained the shift in style before the tournament , as per Metro , they said : `` There 's been a little bit of research done to show that English players are quick to the ball when the whistle goes .
`` When the referee 's whistle goes , you 've got as long as you want to take the penalty .
`` As a nation , over the years we 've been a bit quick . You look at the other nations , they take a bit more time . There are some interesting patterns . For example , Ronaldo 's self-control is incredible . ''
“ So I would say this year it 's just the versatility that they have on the offensive side . You see the receivers being effective . You see the running game being effective with multiple backs . You see the athletic quarterback being able to hurt you with their legs . There 's just so many different things that you have to be able to account for that that 's enough to keep a defensive coordinator up at night . ”
Justice Neil Gorsuch heard their first arguments from the Supreme Court bench Monday after having been formally sworn in a week ago . Gorsuch was not shy during their debut , asking questions early and often ; it took just 11 minutes for them to pipe up during their first of the three cases .
`` He employed a bit of humor , expressed a modicum of humility , showed a hint of irritation , and even channeled Justice Antonin Scalia , the man they replaced , with a touch of sarcasm , '' The Associated Press reports . And `` while some of the other justices slouched , rocked back in their chairs , or leaned their chin or forehead on their hands , Gorsuch sat straight in their high-backed chair , to the far left of Chief Justice John Roberts . ''
Fox News additionally notes that throughout the arguments Gorsuch `` remained focused — not even chatting with their 'bench neighbor , ' Justice Sonia Sotomayor , '' and that they `` repeatedly pressed lawyers from both sides with their positions . ''
Gorsuch 's first argument was fairly complicated , having to do with determining which court federal employees go to with some discrimination claims . But the new justice got a laugh when lawyer Christopher Landau said , `` I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you , '' and Gorsuch interrupted to say , `` I hope so . ''
As they are now the most junior member of the Supreme Court , Gorsuch will relieve Justice Elena Kagan of duties such as answering the door when the court meets for closed-door conferences and taking notes at the meetings . They will also vote last , which puts them in the position to be a tiebreaker in cases that fall along ideological lines . Jeva Lange
A homemade pipe bomb worn by a suspected ISIS-inspired terrorist exploded beneath the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey bus terminal in Manhattan on Monday , injuring the suspect and three others , officials said .
Police identified the suspect as Akayed Ullah , 27 , of Brooklyn . They are originally from Bangladesh and has been in the country for seven years , police said .
Ullah made statements that they attempted the attack in support of ISIS , law-enforcement sources with knowledge of the investigation said .
Ullah was wearing a device based on a pipe bomb , strapped to their body with a combination of Velcro and zip ties , according to John Miller , NYPD deputy commissioner of intelligence and counterterrorism .
It was unclear whether the device went off prematurely or intentionally , a police source said .
“ This was an attempted terrorist attack , ” Mayor Bill de Blasio said . “ Thank God the terrorist did not accomplish their goal . ”
Ullah was taken to Bellevue Hospital with burns to their abdomen and hands , officials said .
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday 's Breaking News alerts in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Three others also sustained nonlife-threatening injuries , according to the FDNY . All three took themselves to hospitals — two went to Mount Sinai West in Manhattan and the other went to Mount Sinai Queens Hospital in Long Island City . Officials said the three were suffering from headaches and ear-ringing .
The blast happened during rush hour , around 7:20 a.m. , underneath the Port Authority , in a subway passageway that connects Times Square to Eighth Avenue . Everyone inside was evacuated .
Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo , who responded to the scene , said the attack would not interrupt New York 's normal course of business .
A video posted by @ NYCityAlerts shows the moment of explosion . Warning : Some parts of the video are graphic . BREAKING VIDEO : Moment of explosion at 42nd St and 8th Avenue in Manhattan pic.twitter.com/JwygdnnwNb — New York City Alerts ( @ NYCityAlerts ) December 11 , 2017
“ We 're not going to allow them to disrupt us — that is exactly what they want and exactly what they 're not going to get , ” they said .
A heavy police presence descended on the area Monday morning — armed members of the NYPD 's Strategic Response Group fanned across the perimeter of the Port Authority Terminal blocking access to Eighth Avenue from 40th Street to 43rd Street .
FDNY trucks and NYPD emergency trucks were parked along Eighth Avenue for several blocks as stunned pedestrians shot photos and videos of the scene .
John Lara , 51 , a handyman from the Bronx , said they were in the building and going to the subway when a “ stampede ” of people came running toward him . So , they said , they turned around and ran with the crowd .
Port Authority explosion witness decribes scene
“ People just started running , ” they said . “ I saw a lady get knocked to the ground . I just kept running . ”
They said people were not panicked or crying , just determined to get out . “ I do n't know if they were hurt — I was gone . ”
Christina Bethea , 29 , of Yonkers was aboard a 1 train that had just arrived at the 42nd Street stop when they said they heard a loud “ boom ! ”
Bethea , who was heading to work as a security guard at a nearby building , said the sound was loud enough that it startled commuters . They said they saw smoke upon arriving on the platform and said they ran upstairs and out of the station , as officers were running in .
“ I did n't know if it was an explosion , if it was someone being shot ... everyone was confused , ” Bethea said .
Zia Uddin , who works at a bodega at 40th Street and Eighth Avenue , said they did not hear the bomb or feel anything . They said they became aware of the explosion when a crowd started pouring out of the Port Authority . They described the crowd as orderly , not panicked .
“ I was inside and I heard nothing and felt nothing , ” they said . “ The street became crowded and people came in and told me what happened . ”
President Donald Trump has been briefed on the incident , according to a tweet from White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders .
The Port Authority Bus Terminal ( @ PABusTerminal ) has reopened , following police activity due to an incident this morning .
Bus customers are encouraged to contact their carrier for the most current information regarding their operations.https : //t.co/KyTwzC5w6H — Port Authority NY & NJ ( @ PANYNJ ) December 11 , 2017 Heavy FDNY and NYPD presence outside of Port Authority terminal , stunned pedestrians stopping to take photos/videos of scene pic.twitter.com/GsnJZvh2Y4 — Laura Figueroa Hernandez ( @ Laura_Figueroa ) December 11 , 2017
Nassau and Suffolk police said they have received no specific threats but they are monitoring the situation and will increase patrols in certain areas as a deterrent .
Officials from both departments said they will have more presence at transportation facilities , including LIRR stations .
In Nassau , police said they will give increased attention to places where large groups of people might gather including shopping malls , theaters and concert venues .
The investigation caused street closures and bus and subway disruptions in Manhattan . Even after the Port Authority reopened , it warned bus customers to check with their carrier for current information on operations . New Jersey Transit outbound operations were normal by late morning but Greyhound and airport service remained suspended into the afternoon .
NYPD responds to Port Authority explosion report
The Port Authority , located at Eighth Avenue between 40th and 42nd streets , has 223 departure gates . It is the main gateway for interstate buses into Manhattan in New York City and is the largest in the United States and the busiest in the world .
It is one of three bus terminals operated by the Port Authority . The others are the George Washington Bridge Bus Station in upper Manhattan and the Journal Square Transportation Center in Jersey City .
The bus terminal is a main hub for commuter routes , transportation to and from New Jersey and long-distance intercity routes . On an average weekday it serves about 8,000 buses and 225,000 people and more than 65 million people annually .
Included in the building , which opened in 1950 , is parking and retail space .
With Anthony M. DeStefano , Laura Figueroa ,
Michael O'Keefe and Pervaiz Shallwani
GAUHATI , India ( AP ) — Heavy monsoon rains have unleashed landslides and floods that killed at least 160 people in recent days and displaced millions more across northern India , southern Nepal and Bangladesh .
Officials said Monday that they were still trying to determine the scale of the disaster , as weather forecasters predicted more rain and casualties were reported in multiple locations across the Himalayan foothills of South Asia .
Many of those killed had drowned or been caught in collapsed houses or under toppled trees .
Nepalese police were searching Monday for 85 people reported missing after rivers burst their banks and killed at least 75 , according to police spokesperson Pushkar Karki .
“ The death toll may go up further as reports come in from remote areas , ” Karki said .
The floods destroyed key rice crops in Nepal and drove thousands of farmers and their families to take shelter in schools or tents on higher ground , as water submerged roads and cut transport to affected areas . Aid workers said many did not have enough food or water .
“ The heavy rains hit at one of the worst times , shortly after farmers planted their rice crop , ” Sumnima Shrestha , a spokesperson for the U.S.-based anti-poverty charity Heifer International , said in a statement . “ Making matters worse , large numbers of livestock have been swept away in the flash flooding . ”
Landslides and flooding are common across South Asia during the summer monsoon season , and have become more dangerous thanks to widespread deforestation and poor urban planning that makes it harder for the land to absorb rainfall .
Bangladesh was bracing for worse flooding Monday , as weather forecasters predicted more rain . At least 18 major rivers were flowing at dangerously high levels , according to the state-run Flood Forecasting and Warning Center .
Twenty people have been killed over the last few days in the low-lying delta nation , while another 600,000 are marooned , the country 's disaster management minister said Monday .
Bangladeshi soldiers were working to evacuate those who were stranded on rooftops or in trees , after floodwaters inundated hundreds of northern villages . Around 368,000 people have taken refuge in more than 970 makeshift government shelters , said Bangladesh 's disaster management minister , Mofazzal Hossain Chowdhury .
In the northeastern Indian state of Assam , the floodwaters have damaged bridges , downed power lines and washed away thousands of homes . Officials said at least 2.5 million people had been affected , including some 200,000 now staying in 440 relief camps .
With railway lines inundated , the remote region was largely cut off from the rest of the country . Indian air force helicopters were dropping food and drinking water packets in the worst-hit districts , said Assam 's chief secretary , V. K. Pipersenia .
Large areas of Assam 's Kaziranga National Park were also underwater , forcing many of the wildlife reserve 's endangered rhinos and deer to move to higher ground . Dozens of deer were killed by cars after they leapt onto a nearby highway to escape the floods .
Farther to the west , in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh , soldiers recovered the bodies of 46 people who had been traveling in two buses that were buried in a massive landslide of rocks and mud on Sunday .
___
George reported from New Delhi . Associated Press writers Julhas Alam in Dhaka , Bangladesh , Roshan Sedhai in Kathmandu , Nepal , and Ashwini Bhatia in Dharmsala , India , contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The fourth annual Saint Patrick 's Cultural Festival and Parade kicked off Saturday in downtown Gallipolis . The parade , which had around 30 participants registered , marched towards Gallipolis City Park which hosted the festival filled with a variety of activities for the Irish and the “ Irish for a day. ” More parade pictures inside this edition and online at www.mydailytribune.com .
The fourth annual Saint Patrick 's Cultural Festival and Parade kicked off Saturday in downtown Gallipolis . The parade , which had around 30 participants registered , marched towards Gallipolis City Park which hosted the festival filled with a variety of activities for the Irish and the “ Irish for a day. ” More parade pictures inside this edition and online at www.mydailytribune.com . http : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_3.21-Page-1.jpg The fourth annual Saint Patrick 's Cultural Festival and Parade kicked off Saturday in downtown Gallipolis . The parade , which had around 30 participants registered , marched towards Gallipolis City Park which hosted the festival filled with a variety of activities for the Irish and the “ Irish for a day. ” More parade pictures inside this edition and online at www.mydailytribune.com . Beth Sergent | Tribune
The ongoing political circus in the capital of the world 's most powerful empire opens almost daily with a new act each day showcasing an even more bizarre and more revealing display of the internal rot of a culture and a political system in decline .
The day before Donald Trump 's first State of the Union address , the Russia-gate drama took an unexpected and dangerous turn with the vote by the House Intelligence Committee to release a now classified memo that alleges that senior members of the Federal Bureau of Investigations ( FBI ) may have misled the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA court ) in order to secure a warrant to engage in what Republicans assert is a politically motivated effort that spied on the Trump campaign before they won the 2016 election and attempted to undermine their presidency .
Right-wing neoliberal Democrats who have engaged in a vigorous defense of the intelligence agencies of the U.S. state are concerned about the possible fallout with the public . They argue Republicans are deliberately undermining confidence in U.S. institutions by irresponsibly hurling allegations that support a growing public perception that the government and the individuals who populate governmental institutions are inherently corrupt .
Republicans now refer to this as “ FBI-gate ” and Democrats counter by appealing to the dubious belief that the FBI is some kind of neutral political force populated by people of unreproachable character—those who would never engage in the kind of crass partisanship being alleged by Republicans in Congress .
Even members of the Congressional Black Caucus — the one caucus that traditionally has always been wary of the FBI because of its history abuse against Black activists , including the Rev . Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. — joined in the effort to prop up this institution and its former director Robert Mueller .
This new narrative of FBI integrity and neutrality is predicated on the assumption that most of the public has forgotten or is unaware of the notorious history of the FBI and its founder , J. Edgar Hoover . Hoover was a racist anti-Semite and fascist sympathizer . They shared their obsessive anti-communism and anti-Semitism with Heinrich Himmler , Hitler 's Gestapo chief , who Hoover corresponded with personally and kept on the FBI 's mailing list right up until the eve of the Nazi invasion of Poland in 1939 .
As the nation 's political police , the FBI has been at the center of domestic repression and political manipulation for decades . From Hoover 's early career working as special assistant to Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer , when Hoover was given the responsibility to plan and execute the infamous “ Palmer raids ” in which thousands were arrested in twenty-three states for “ subversive activities , ” to theirs and the FBI 's role in the first McCarthy period of repression in the 1950s through to the COINTELPRO program against the anti-war , Black Liberation and Civil Rights movement . The intelligence gathering , counter-insurgent role of the FBI has been consistent .
When the history and role of the FBI is objectively understood as a central component of the repressive state apparatus , it is not farfetched to accept the meaning of the August 2016 message Peter Strzock , the director of the FBI 's counter-intelligence division , sent to Lisa Page , a high-level official with whom they were romantically involved . In that message , it is clear that Strzock thought it prudent to develop a strategy to undermine a Trump presidency , even when the chance of Trump getting elected seem impossible to many .
Strzock is quoted as texting to Page over a secure device :
I want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in Andy 's office—that there 's no way they [ Trump ] gets elected—but I 'm afraid we ca n't take that risk . It 's like an insurance policy in the unlikely event that you die before you 're 40 .
This quote reveals two things : ( 1 ) the thinking of individuals who hold institutional power and are well versed in the exercise of “ extra-democratic ” institutional power , or what some refer to as the power of the Deep State ; and ( 2 ) the specific rationale for implementing what appears to have been a classic counter-intelligence project to influence , manipulate and control a political process , in this case the election for the presidency of the United States .
In response to the information coming out about the memo and the explosive allegations of governmental malfeasance , Rep. Adam Schiff , ranking Democratic member of House Intelligence Committee made the laughable statement that the vote to release the memo “ politicize ( s ) intelligence process. ” Perhaps Schiff hoped that the public had forgotten all of the instances of politicized intelligence from the manufactured data supporting the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution to the manufactured data about the existence of weapons of mass destruction that justified the disastrous attack on Iraq .
But what Schiff , as well as some Republicans , are concerned with is how the public will process and respond to the existence of a massive , coordinated effort to exercise unelected political power .
They are concerned the extent of the coordination between the state and elements of financial and corporate sectors exposes the hidden reality of how real power is exercised in Washington and the financial center in New York , the power behind the reach of the atrophied mechanisms of democratic accountability and control .
Beyond the Circus : Strengthening the Ideological and Political Mechanisms of Domination
It 's ironic , or perhaps just a reflection of the power of propaganda , that it is now just becoming apparent that while the attention of the people was mobilized and directed to fictitious external sources of electoral interference by the Russians , the real culprits working to undermine the limited democracy that does exist were always in the United States and in plain sight .
They are the ones who re-authorized extending FISA section 702 that allows the state to collect communications from U.S. citizens and even tap into communications databases of companies like Google to collect information without a warrant . They supported inserting provisions of the “ Countering Foreign Propaganda and Disinformation Act ” into the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) as one of Obama 's last legislative acts . They were silent as the government prosecuted whistleblowers under the Espionage Act , which justified expanded National Security Agency ( NSA ) surveillance and called for the head of former federal contractor-turned-whistleblower Edward Snowden . They think it is a good idea for Facebook to establish “ counter speech ” controls and for Google to adjust its algorithms to bury alternative news sites and sources of “ radical ” analysis .
And while Trump has been a useful idiot for the Deep State , it is important to clearly identify the forces driving this process and giving it political legitimacy–liberal Democrats !
Despite the phony news of economic prosperity that came out of Trump 's State of the Union speech on Tuesday night , the more insightful and “ responsible ” members of the ruling elite recognize the explosive potential of real opposition to the elite agenda and understand the crisis of confidence in and legitimacy of the system will continue to deepen .
The recognition of that has resulted in ruling-class elements being united in one very important area– “ domestic national security. ” That is to say not the threat of “ terror attacks ” or other physical threats , but the security that the ruling class is attempting to acquire for itself by strengthening the repressive state apparatus against the people . Using the gift of “ Russia-gate ” given to it by the Democrats , the state , in collaboration with the capitalist communication sector , has attempted to tighten its ideological grip on the public by limiting the range of information available to the public .
The neo-liberal right has always understood much better than many elements of the left what Cuba revolutionary Jose Marti meant when they said that “ trenches of ideas are more powerful than weapons . ”
So , while we are entertained by the theatrics of Trump and shudder with horror after their latest antic , the real forces of totalitarianism are working right under our noses , normalizing the capitalist dictatorship in the name of upholding freedom .
*
This article was originally published by Dissident Voice .
Ajamu Baraka is a board member with Cooperation Jackson , the national organizer of the Black Alliance for Peace and was the 2016 candidate for vice president on the Green Party ticket . They are an editor and contributing columnist for the Black Agenda Report and contributing columnist for Counterpunch . They can be reached at http : //www.AjamuBaraka.com Read other articles by Ajamu , or visit Ajamu 's website .
Featured image is from CounterPunch .
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Ajamu Baraka , Global Research , 2018
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/liberal-totalitarianism-and-the-trump-diversion/5628172
The FSFW global survey , comprising 17,000 participants across 13 countries , also indicates enormous challenges in creating a one-size-fits-all approach to quit smoking . File photo : Mint
New Delhi : Seven out of 10 smokers in India are aware of the consequences , but 53 % among them failed in their efforts to kick the cigarette butt , new data released by the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World ( FSFW ) showed .
The data released on Wednesday indicates that new cessation and harm-reduction options are needed to help smokers live longer and healthier lives . “ The data show what we have anecdotally known for decades—that many smokers have the desire to quit , but not the means to match it , ” said Derek Yach , president of the foundation .
The FSFW global survey , comprising 17,000 participants across 13 countries , also indicates enormous challenges in creating a one-size-fits-all approach to quit smoking . The report shows that smokers are sacrificing their physical and economic well-being to smoke , even though many of them have the desire to quit .
According to the India-specific report , 68 % of smokers reported that they were “ well informed ” about the impact of smoking on their health , and 51 % were willing to quit . However , 41 % of those who tried to quit said they would need assistance to do so , while 25 % have picked up e-cigarette or vaping devices to cut down smoking .
“ In the two years since the Royal College of Physicians found that ‘ harm reduction has huge potential to prevent death and disability from tobacco use ' , we continue to largely ignore the fact that many smokers do not want to quit , but obtain pleasure from smoking . Harm-reduction advancements are literally a matter of life or death for these people , ” said Yach .
More than 104 million people in India continue to put their health at risk by using combusted tobacco every day . Bidis , which are a type of low-cost and hand-rolled cigarettes made locally , account for a significant proportion of tobacco use in India . Their popularity is attributed to lower tax excise than conventional cigarettes or to tax evasion altogether . This suggests that control measures applied in India may have to be distinct from those applied to other countries in order to “ accelerate the rate of smoking cessation and harm reduction in India ” .
Of the 13 countries the Foundation surveyed , the majority of smokers consider themselves addicted to cigarette—from 60 % in India to 91 % in Japan . Majority of smokers from New Zealand , the US , the UK , France , Brazil , Japan , Israel , Russia , Malawi , India and Greece , the majority of smokers have tried to quit . Only South Africa and Lebanon have less than half who tried to quit .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A woman was horrified to discover a bra they tried on in Primark was actually an old one 'left behind by a SHOPLIFTER . '
Natalie Brayshaw was shopping for a new bra when they found one they liked in the sale .
The Glasgow student went to ask shop assistant for a price tag , but they could n't find one .
The staff member then proceeded to tell Natalie that they thought the bra had been left behind by a shoplifter .
It is believed the shoplifter tried on a Primark bra and left their own underwear on the hanger in its place .
( Image : Daily Record WS )
( Image : Daily Record WS )
Shocked Natalie took to Twitter to speak about their ordeal , reports the Daily Record .
They said : `` Tried on a bra in Primark & it was nice so I went to buy it but there was no tag so the guy went to find a supervisor to get a code , comes back & goes `` this is n't ours , it 's a swap '' so someone has literally left THEIR OWN BRA on a hanger in order to shoplift one AND I TRIED IT ON . ''
Since posting the tweet people have been contacting Natalie about their own experiences .
Twitter user Purple Orange replied to Natalie , they said : `` This reminds me of the time when I was shopping with my nan and I put their old shoes on the sale rack while they were trying stuff on and a lady put my Nan 's shoes on and went to buy them and my nan had to tell them they were actually their old shoes . ''
( Image : Daily Record WS )
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
While Simple Sam_23 wrote : `` Literally working in retail nothing surprises me . Once a girl started their period so they snagged new panties and shorts . Totally reasonable . BUT They LEFT Them BLOODY CLOTHES ON THE SALES RACK . ''
A spokesperson for Primark told the MailOnline : `` We would like to apologise to the customer for this experience .
`` We aim to provide our customers with an enjoyable shopping environment at all times and we are sorry that we did n't on this occasion . ''
× Expand Illustration by Victoria Borges
My father warned me not to fall in love as I was admiring the 10-foot-high pocket doors . Fair point , but that 's a bit like counseling me not to be charmed by a handsome man while they regale me with stories of daredevil travel . Too late .
I toured the house on a chilly , rainy day in late October , put in a full-price offer and closed on it a month later . I loved the herringbone brick in the courtyard , its location right in the city center , fireplaces in every room and the wrought-iron front porch . And Jackson Ward had all the good dining , walkability , character and potential I was looking for . I patted myself on the back for being so bold and forward-thinking , my city-girl , chic , pied-à-terre dreams come true .
Nevermind that this house had three bedrooms and about a thousand square feet more than the condo I left behind . Or that I hate housekeeping and am loath to spend any time dusting baseboards . I ca n't remember ever washing a window without someone else suggesting it to me .
The house was my claim to a new life in the city . My daughter was grown , my business stable , and I was ready for the next phase , which apparently included two floors of exposed brick and heart pine floors . Yes , indeed , I could be happy here .
As with any great romance , I was already projecting our wonderful life together and all the fun things we would do . I would have parties where people could admire my Midcentury furniture in a historic setting . I would continuously add to my collection with exactly the right chair or rug .
That first winter I knew I had been outmatched . The electric heat pump could barely keep up . It was hard to play Lady of the Manor while sporting five layers of clothing . I bought a heated mattress pad and tried to train myself to sleep through the night without a bathroom break . It did n't work .
After a couple of months of research , I switched the electric heat pump for a gas furnace . My daughter remarked that overnight it felt like spring — inside our house .
There was the day I came home from work and opened my beautiful , original , solid-wood front door , only to have it come crashing down as I entered . From the street , my house looked like it had a missing front tooth . Those beautiful , old hinges had cracked , leaving me with a prone door .
Literally unhinged , I started calling everyone I knew to scrounge up someone who could help . The upside to the debacle is that I found a great handyman , whom I now see more than my boyfriend .
I ca n't say I 've had too many parties . They 're a lot of work . I did paint my dining room a dark , dusky blue , inspired by the moody , Danish interiors I salivated over on Pinterest . No one eats in there , but I enjoy it as I walk to and from the kitchen .
Sometimes there are groups of kids outside waiting to get into the Maggie Walker Museum next door . One morning I looked up to find several balancing on my front porch waving at me . I waved back , glad I had chosen to get fully dressed .
Every time something breaks or needs attention , I remember I am a flight attendant of this beautiful home . It has survived for nearly 150 years despite neglect and the gutting of this historic neighborhood . It 's not just about what this house can offer me , it 's about the privilege of attending to a piece of Richmond history .
Maybe it 's real love after all .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Rebecca Thomas is an entrepreneur , coach , writer and Jackson Ward 's resident silver fox .
Two male teens were shot , one fatally , near a charter school in Chicago 's Austin neighborhood Monday morning , police said.A group of males is walking when a black male in a red jacket fired shots just after 9:10 a.m. in the 4900-block of West Division Street outside YCCS-West Youth Connection Charter School , police said.An 18-year-old and a 17-year-old were wounded in the shooting , CPD First Deputy Superintendent Kevin Navarro said at an 11 a.m. press conference . One of the victims ran into the school for safety.The 18-year-old died . Authorities have not released their identity . The 17-year-old was shot in the leg and transported to Stroger Hospital , where their condition stabilized.Investigators believe the shooting stemmed from an argument . Navarro said police also believe the victims and the shooter knew each other , since they were seen walking together on surveillance video.Police have not yet identified the suspect . No one is in custody . Area North detectives are conducting an investigation .
Jamshedpur : A man was left in shock after they received an electricity bill of Rs . 38 billion here on Sunday .
As per the reports , the man named BR Guha was handed the non-payment of the bill by the Jharkhand Electricity Board ( JEB ) , following which , electricity was disconnected from their home .
Talking to ANI over the issue , Guha said , `` It came as a surprise to us . We did n't anticipate this . We have a house of 3 rooms . We use three fans , three tubelights and a TV at times . How can we have such a huge bill ? ''
Reacting to the bill , Guha 's daughter Ratna Biswas said , `` My mother is a sugar patient and my father has pressure . It was only after our neighbours intervened that we were able to do anything . ''
A complaint has been lodged against the Board and matters are being looked into .
( Further details awaited )
© Carlos Barria/Reuters
Following Trump 's first State of Union address this week , the conservative news outlet duped a number of students into believing that words uttered by Barack Obama - the more favourably-regarded president among young New Yorkers - were actually those of a Republican.As the short video experiment shows , However , it also shows young Americans pondering the impact of their previous government 's foreign-policy rhetoric.Four individuals where asked about the line : Barack Obama said this during their final State of the Union address in 2016.One woman stated , thinking Trump had made the threat : When their quotes were presented as being said by Donald Trump , the response was largely negative.one person said.When debriefed on the speech switcheroo , most of the respondents admitted a certain bias against the current president.one man said . `` So do your own research , educate yourself , it 's your duty for the future of the country . ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Carli Lloyd has signed for Manchester City Women .
The 34-year-old , regarded as the biggest name in the women 's football , joins from Houston Dash on a short-term deal .
Lloyd is yet to play in Europe and their move to City gives them the chance to appear in the Champions League .
They said : “ The biggest thing for me as a player is : how can I continue to get better ? ”
“ I 've still got three or four years left in me before I hang up the cleats ( boots ) and I want to cross some more items off the bucket list . ''
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Getty )
The acquisition of Lloyd is a huge coup for the rapidly-growing Super League .
A number of USA players have already made the moves to the Super League , with Crystal Dunn and Heather O'Reilly joining Chelsea and Arsenal respectively .
Alex Morgan recently signed for Lyon but will head back to Orlando Pride once their season is complete .
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : The FA via Getty )
Lloyd has scored over 90 goals for the USA national team , including a hat-trick over Japan in the 2015 World Cup final .
They also scored the winning goals at both the 2008 and 2010 Olympics .
Should City want to register Lloyd for next month 's Champions League quarter-finals , they will have to do so by March 15 .
CORK 'S LEADING SCORER Patrick Horgan has returned to the starting line-up for their Division 1A clash against Wexford on Sunday .
Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Bill Cooper and Horgan are boss John Meyler 's only two changes , replacing Brian Lawton and Shane Kingston in attack .
Cork were three-point winners over Kilkenny last weekend and are bidding to continue their good form against Davy Fitzgerald 's men at Innovate Wexford Park .
Cork
1 . Patrick Collins ( Ballinhassig )
2 . Sean O Donoghue ( Inniscarra )
3 . Eoin O Cadagon ( Douglas )
4 . Conor O Sullivan ( Sarsfields )
5 . Christopher Joyce ( Na Piarsaigh )
6 . Tim O Mahony ( Newtownshandrum )
7 . Mark Ellis ( Millstreet )
8 . Darragh Fitzgibbon ( Charleville )
9 . Daniel Kearney ( Sarsfields )
10 . Robbie O Flynn ( Erins Own )
11 . Conor Lehane ( Midleton )
12 . Bill Cooper ( Youghal )
13 . Alan Cadagon ( Douglas )
14 . Patrick Horgan ( Glen Rovers )
15 . Seamus Harnedy ( St Itas – captain )
Subs
16 . Ger Collins ( Ballinhassig )
17 . Colm Spillane ( Castlelyons )
18 . Shane Kingston ( Douglas )
19 . Robert O Shea ( Carrigaline )
20 . Luke Meade ( Newcestown )
21 . Brian Lawton ( Castlemartyr )
22 . Jack O Connor ( Sarsfields )
23 . Damien Cahalane ( St Finbarrs )
24 . Michael Cahalane ( Bandon )
25 . David Griffin ( Carrigaline )
26 . Eoghain Murphy ( Sarsfields )
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Illinois lawmakers appeared close to reaching a budget deal Wednesday night , just ahead of the end of the legislative session on Thursday.The Senate passed the $ 38 billion budget plan in a Wednesday night vote , 56-2 . `` This is an important step forward . This budget helps restore stability to Illinois , which is what we need . There remains more work to do , but this is a bipartisan accomplishment that we can hopefully build upon , '' said Illinois Senate President John Cullerton.The House is expected to take up the budget on Thursday and send it to Gov . Bruce Rauner , who is believed to sign it late Thursday.If signed , this would be the first budget deal completed on time in Rauner 's three years in office . `` I think we 've come very close to something I think the governor can support , as they say , in many cases the devil 's in the details , but I 'm quite optimistic , '' said Sen. Bill Brady , Senate Republican Leader.Wednesday afternoon , lawmakers discussed some last-minute changes to the nearly bipartisan spending package . The proposal includes some cuts to many different agencies , but nothing considered drastic.The budget does include the $ 350 million public school funding that was part of the reform package passed last year . It also includes increases for higher education and for the Quincy Veterans Home which has been plagued by problems with Legionnaires disease.However , it will include cuts to corrections and other departments.Budget negotiators , as well as the four legislative leaders , have been working on the budget for several months . `` I 'm incredibly impressed with how much work has gone in on both sides of the aisle to try to get us to this point where were passing a budget that 's going to be balanced , going to have a spending authority , and is going to sort of fulfill all the needs we have to do , '' said Sen. Tom Cullerton , D-Villa Park.The budget does spend all of the revenue from the 32 percent tax hike approved last year , which angers some Republicans . `` We need to cut spending , we 're spending way too much money in the state , we need to cut taxes . This budget continues the 32 percent increase in income tax . People are leaving this state , taxes are way too high , '' said state Rep. David Sweeney , R-Barrington Hills.With the election looming in November , there is pressure on Rauner to sign this budget . `` You 've gone three years in their tenure without a budget , they have n't ever signed a budget , so going into an election having that they went four years without signing a budget could be detrimental . So they need this as much as the state of Illinois needs this , '' Cullerton said .
Hyderabad ( SRH ) moved one rung up to third after registering their fourth win in six IPL 2018 matches on Tuesday .
Mumbai ( MI ) , meanwhile , tasted their fifth defeat in six matches and remained 7th seventh in the table , just above Delhi ( DD ) .
Here is how all eight teams are placed in the standings after Matchday 18 .
TEAM M W L T P NRR
KXIP 6 5 1 0 10 0.394
CSK 5 4 1 0 8 0.742
SRH 6 4 2 0 8 0.492
KKR 6 3 3 0 6 0.572
RR 6 3 3 0 6 -0.801
RCB 5 2 3 0 4 -0.486
MI 6 1 5 0 2 0.008
DD 6 1 5 0 2 -1.097
Talking about the only match of the day , Hyderabad came up with a brilliant bowling performance to successfully defend 118 against Mumbai .
Siddarth Kaul ( 3/23 ) and Afghanistan spinner Rashid Khan ( 2/11 ) were the architects of the SRH win as the Williamson-led team bowled out the hosts for 87 in 18.5 overs , the lowest total this season . Mumbai 's 22/3 was also the lowest Powerplay score this season .
Suryakumar Yadav ( 34 ) and Krunal Pandya ( 24 ) were the only Mumbai batsmen who could stand up to Hyderabad 's brilliant bowlers .
Earlier in the match after being put into bat , SRH were themselves bowled out for 118 in 18.4 overs . Mitchell McClenaghan ( 2/22 ) triggered the collapse with two wickets in the second over of the SRH innings .
Williamson ( 29 off 21 balls ) and Yusuf Pathan ( 29 off 33 balls ) were SRH 's top contributors .
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Martin Perez is scheduled to pitch in Friday 's opening game of the home series against Seattle . Perez ( 2-6 , 4.56 ) is looking for their first win since May 18 . Charles Krupa AP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridgeshire trails by 319 runs after the first day 's play of their final Unicorns Championship match of the season at home to Staffordshire .
The visitors won the toss and elected to bat first at Wisbech , putting 364 for 7 on the board from their full 90 overs in the Eastern Division contest .
Kadeer Ali ( 57 ) and Ryan Hassett amassed 113 runs together in the opening partnership , with the latter also forging a 51-run second-wicket stand alongside Sam Kelsall .
Hassett was eventually out seven runs shy of their century , but Peter Wilshaw was able to bring up a ton , going at almost a run a ball for their 103 as they hit 11 fours and three maximums .
Wilshaw was supported by a number of contributions in the teens , with their biggest partnership of 72 coming in tandem with Michael Hill ( 18 ) .
With the ball , Cambs ' Lewis Bruce took 3 for 124 from 29 overs and Harrison Craig claimed 2 for 97 from 28 overs .
There was also one wicket apiece for Recordo Gordon and Sam Rippington .
The hosts closed on 45 for 1 from 18 overs in their first innings , with Nesan Jeyaratman the man out for 10 .
Asim Butt and Callum Guest will resume on 21 and 13 respectively .
New Mexico State University is letting students pay off parking fines with peanut butter for one week to benefit a campus food closet . Delores Johnson Kansas City Star file
COLUMBUS , Ohio — Four schools , one common goal .
To finish as high atop the podium as possible … if possible .
Athletes from Eastern , Gallia Academy , Meigs and River Valley will all take part in the 2018 OHSAA Track and Field Championships being held this Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of Ohio State University .
The quartet of Ohio Valley Publishing programs have a combined half-dozen competitors taking part in this weekend 's festivities , with Eastern accounting for half of the area 's entrants . EHS is also the only local school to have athletes competing in both the boys and girls meets .
Of the six local state qualifiers , four boys will be making their official debuts at Jesse Owens Stadium while a pair of girls are appearing for the third time apiece in their respective careers .
Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing is making their third consecutive state appearance in the Division II long jump event and enters the Saturday competition with the fourth-best regional mark of 17 feet , 5¾ inches .
Betzing — who owns the TVC Ohio ( 17-7½ ) and D-2 Southeast District ( 18-7 ) records in this event — placed seventh as a first-year student and was the overall runner-up last spring . Betzing was also a member of last year 's eighth-place 4x100m relay team .
Betzing has scored at least one point at the state level in each of their first two seasons , giving the Lady Marauders the longest such streak of any program on the Ohio side of the OVP area .
MHS had previously gone six consecutive postseasons — dating back to the 2009 meet — without scoring at the Division II girls competition .
Jessica Cook is also headed back to Columbus after a one-year hiatus , as the Eastern senior qualified for the Division III 800m run final for the second time in their career .
Cook — who was 16th in 800m event as a sophomore — enters Saturday 's final with the 17th-best qualifying time of 2:24.02 . The Shawnee State University signee also competed in both the 1600m final ( 12th ) and 4x800m relay ( 13th ) during their first-year student campaign .
Cook — a three-time Division III state qualifier in cross-country — is also the only hope for the Lady Eagles to score at the state meet for a third time in five seasons , as well as in consecutive years .
The Lady Eagles lead all Ohio-based programs with at least one representative at each state tournament since the 2010 campaign .
A traditional program will be absent from the 2018 girls meet as Gallia Academy will not have a single female competitor at the state level since at least the mid-1990s . Starting in 1997 , the Blue Angels had scored at least one point in 20 of the previous 21 Division II tournaments .
The Eagles have a pair of boys competing at Jesse Owens for the first time in their respective careers as senior Tyler Davis and junior Noah Browning are respectively in the Division III shot put and 400m dash events .
Davis has the 15th-best regional mark of 48 feet , 2½ inches in the 16-person field on Friday afternoon , while Browning owns the slowest time of 51.48 seconds in the second of two semifinals on Friday morning . Nine athletes will advance to the 400m dash final on Saturday afternoon .
The Eagles have n't scored at the state level since Tyler Cline finished fourth ( 5 points ) in the discus back in 2012 . EHS also has n't scored a point in a running event at the Division III boys meet since Kyle Connery placed fourth in the 400m dash back in 2011 .
The Raiders have a state entry for the third time in four years as senior Nathaniel Abbott will compete in the 800m run final on Saturday afternoon . Abbott — a Marshall University signee — owns the 13th-best time of 1:57.15 out of the 18 state participants in the D-2 race .
River Valley — as a program — has n't scored at the state level since Jessica Hager was eighth in the 300m hurdles back in 2011 . The Raiders have n't scored at the boys state meet since Charles Peck placed fourth ( 4 points ) in the 100m dash back in 1993 .
The Blue Devils will be represented at the state meet by senior John Stout , who primarily played baseball before splitting time with both programs this spring .
Stout — at 22.63 seconds — owns the 8th-fastest time in their semifinal heat of the Division II 200m dash on Friday , as well as the 15th-best mark out of 18 total competitors . Nine athletes will advance to the 200m dash final on Saturday afternoon .
Gallia Academy will have at least one male athlete at the D-2 meet for a fifth consecutive postseason , but the Blue Devils have n't scored a single point since Logan Allison won the long jump and Jacob Click placed fourth in the 300m hurdles back in 2014 .
Neither Southern nor South Gallia have a state qualifier at the 2018 meet this weekend .
SHS last appeared at state in 2015 when Jaylen Blanks competed in the Division III 200m dash semifinals . SGHS has never produced a state qualifier in the program 's existence .
The 2018 OHSAA Track and Field Championships start at 9:30 a.m. on both Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium .
River Valley senior Nathaniel Abbott hits full stride during the Division II Region 7 4x800m relay finals held Thursday , May 24 , on the campus of Muskingum University in New Concord , Ohio . https : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_5.31-RV-Abbott.jpg River Valley senior Nathaniel Abbott hits full stride during the Division II Region 7 4x800m relay finals held Thursday , May 24 , on the campus of Muskingum University in New Concord , Ohio . Scott Jones|OVP Sports Gallia Academy senior John Stout hits full stride during the Division II Region 7 200m dash semifinals held Thursday , May 24 , on the campus of Muskingum University in New Concord , Ohio . https : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_5.31-GA-Stout.jpg Gallia Academy senior John Stout hits full stride during the Division II Region 7 200m dash semifinals held Thursday , May 24 , on the campus of Muskingum University in New Concord , Ohio . Scott Jones|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters @ aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2101 .
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2101 .
DISASTER READY : Members of the SES Lismore Unit are training for the 2017 National Disaster Rescue Challenge . L-R SES Richmond Tweed Area learning and development officer Matthew Armour with team members Darren Bird , Daniel Martin , Neil Coulter , Karina Essex , and Lismore SES trainers John Stirling and Troy McDonald .
WHEN disaster strikes , it 's good to know Lismore 's first responders are ready .
Being prepared to deal with all the challenges thrown up by floods , storms , road crash rescues and natural disasters , entails a great deal of training and preparation , not to mention physical and mental commitment .
While the community generally only sees the State Emergency Services members at the scene of such an incident , it 's vital to remember they volunteer their own time , commitment and skills so they are ready the moment their pagers indicate they are needed .
On Monday evening the NSW SES Lismore Unit invited the Northern Star to view their team practising for the State Disaster Rescue Competition in Bathurst on October 14-15 .
Photos View Photo Gallery
SES Richmond Tweed Area learning and development officer Matthew Armour oversaw the training session which involves a combined team of SES volunteers from Lismore and Tweed units .
Mr Armour who was aided by experienced members John Stirling and Troy McDonald , said the competition training involves teams tackled challenging scenarios which includes focusing on capabilities associated with rescue from heights , mass casualty management , rescue from depths , building impacts and shoring , search , general rescue , and confined space rescue .
`` This training tests the leadership , teamwork and the core skills of our members and it 's all linked to increasing our capabilities in the SES combat role in floods , storms and tsunamis , '' they said .
`` Generally speaking , they get a series of challenging scenarios across our three combat roles to put them through their paces , and at the end of the day they will share this knowledge and skills with other members in the region . ''
The SES Lismore / Tweed combined team comprises Lismore volunteers Harley Armstrong , Paul Barry , Darren Bird , Ian Coulter , Karina Essex David Martin and Danielle Waters from Tweed Unit .
Competition team leader Mr Coulter said this training involved more than simply developing and refining rescue skills .
`` It 's also about camaraderie , '' they said .
As well as their weekly training nights , the combined team are also committing to regular weekend training sessions in the field , Mr Armour said .
`` They should be commended for taking time away from families , work and their lives , '' they said .
`` At the end of the day it better prepares our members to help the community in a time of need . ''
Lismore SES Unit Controller John Ludlow said they are proud of all the volunteers who are willing to train and turn out at all hours to assist their community .
Mr Ludlow said the SES were proud to be able to assist other emergency services organisations in a variety of support roles , as well as providing specialist capabilities in areas such as road-crash rescue , disaster and general search and rescue incidents .
Anyone interests in getting involved with the SES is urged to go online for details .
Being successful as an entrepreneur is easier said than done , and there are many misconceptions that you may have along the way . In this video , Entrepreneur Network partner Patrick Bet-David goes over nine misconceptions of entrepreneurs .
The first misconception Bet-David mentions is the belief that entrepreneurs are born when , in fact , you can become an entrepreneur over time and through experience . It has little ( if anything ) to do with genetics . Another major one is the idea that successful entrepreneurs simply `` got lucky . '' Luck may play some role in business , but in truth you have to work hard to reach a position in which you can experience luck . Success does n't happen overnight .
Another misconception Bet-David often encounters is the belief that an entrepreneur is their or their own boss . The truth of the matter is your customers are your boss . If you do n't support and respond to your customers 's collective wants and needs , then you will never find success .
To learn more , click play .
Watch more YouTube videos from Bet-David on their channel .
Related : How to Start Thinking Big
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire , Roku and Apple TV .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
SUCCESS : Police said they worked well with organisers in the smooth running of the event .
IF you 're thinking about dealing drugs at festivals think twice , Tweed/Byron crime manager has warned after police cracked down on drug possession and dealing at this year 's Bluesfest .
Detective Inspector Brandon Cullen said police were disappointed by the 14 court attendance notices issued over the five-day festival north of Byron Bay .
All 14 they said were issued following drug seizures , which totalled 307 grams of various illicit substances .
Cannabis LSD , methamphetamine also known as ice , cocaine and MDMA were among the drugs found by police .
Det Insp Cullen said 82 cautions were also issued by police for other minor incidents .
They said Tweed/Byron police would continue to hone in on the prevalence of illegal drugs at future festivals .
`` We just want people to have a safe time at these festivals , ” Det Insp Cullen said .
Overall , Det Insp Cullen said patrons were `` pretty well-behaved ” and added officers worked well with festival organisers to ensure the smooth running of the festival .
About 10 out-of area police officers from Sydney 's west and the Richmond Local Area Command assisted police in their operations at the event .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Under-fire Home Secretary Amber Rudd faces a fresh grilling from MPs over the Windrush scandal .
The top Tory , who has faced repeated calls to quit over the fiasco , is set for a two-hour roasting in front of the Commons Home Affairs Committee .
Labour MP Stephen Doughty , who sits on the Home Affairs Committee , said : “ It is becoming very clear that the shocking Windrush scandal is just the tip of an iceberg for a department and ministers in chaos .
“ When you introduce an extreme set of policies while slashing budgets , it is lawful decent British people and those who have the full right to be here who suffer .
“ It also begs serious questions as to how on Earth they will manage to register 3.5 million EU nationals for Brexit .
“ The Home Secretary and officials will have serious questions to answer from MPs tomorrow - but where is the Prime Minister ?
“ She 's in hiding attempting to divert from their own responsibility in pushing the policy to its extremes during their time at the Home Office . ”
Ms Rudd has apologised for blunders which triggered heartbreaking confusion for hundreds of Caribbean migrants wrongly threatened with deportation .
( Image : PA )
They have promised compensation for those who suffered , as well as waiving fees and language tests for anyone from the Windrush generation who wants to apply for UK citizenship .
Ms Rudd admitted moves to curb illegal immigration had triggered “ unintended and sometimes devastating ” consequences for Windrush migrants who came legally between 1948 and 1973 .
Leading Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg blamed “ the state ” for the scandal .
“ The Windrush issue came about because the state put the interests of the collective ahead of those individuals who had come here perfectly legitimately prior to 1973 , and that it was more convenient for the Home Office just to make them prove who they were and show their papers , ” they told the Open Europe think tank .
“ I do not believe that the interests of the collective allow you to crush individuals who may get in your way . ”
Shadow Justice Secretary Richard Burgon told the Commons : “ The Windrush scandal is one of the cruellest examples of unaccountable state power targeting the vulnerable , the defenceless and the innocent that I can ever remember . ”
THE Bureau of Internal Revenue ( BIR ) issued Revenue Memorandum Circular ( RMC ) No . 27-2017 which clarifies the tax base on the sale , exchange or other disposition of real property whether classified as capital asset or ordinary asset .
The Tax Code provides that the imposition of tax on the sale of real property located in the Philippines will be based on the gross selling price or current fair market value as determined in accordance with Section 6 ( E ) of the Tax Code , whichever is higher . Section 6 ( E ) of the Tax Code provides for the authority of the Commissioner to prescribe real property values .
For purposes of computing any internal revenue tax , the value of the property must be whichever is the highest of : ( 1 ) the fair market value as determined by the Commissioner ; or ( 2 ) the fair market value as shown in the schedule of values of the provincial and city assessors .
A comparative sale or any other tax base must not be applied . Moreover , revenue officials or employees can not apply any other basis for the imposition of capital gains tax/income tax/withholding tax on sale , exchange or disposition of real property .
Please be guided accordingly .
Source : P & A Grant Thornton
Certified Public Accountants
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger does n't play by the rules .
Not anymore , anyway . At the ripe old age of 67 , the Arsenal boss has clearly decided that the typical laws of football - actually , of life - no longer apply to him .
Play your first-choice goalkeeper when facing one of Europe 's best teams ? DO N'T BE RIDICULOUS .
Consider stepping aside or taking a new job after two decades of unparalleled success seem to be coming to a natural end ? WHY THE HELL SHOULD I ?
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty )
Now it seems the Frenchman is even refusing to conform to the most basic of instructions from an overworked groundsman .
The day before their side take on the German champions in the Champions League last 16 , the Frenchman decided to have a Wonder around Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena .
( Photo : Stuart MacFarlane )
Nothing terribly unusual in that .
But hang on… let 's take another look at that picture at the top of the story .
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty )
What does that sign say ? The one the 67 year-old is casually sauntering past .
Yep , just as we thought…
Basically , Wenger is now rebelling against any attempt to tell them what to do . They can not be shackled . They can not be reined in .
They will play by their own rules - and there 's nothing you can do to stop him .
Is n't that right , Arsene ?
We 're a long way from Ireland , but you would n't have guessed it Saturday ( 17 March ) afternoon as scores of revelers toasted St. Partrick 's Day at Fidel Murphy 's on West Bay Road .
The music , dancing , and making merry started early in the morning and went through until midnight , with many in attendance wearing the traditional St. Patty 's Day green .
The holiday marks the passing of St. Patrick , the patron saint of Ireland , way back in AD 451 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump is set to sign a directive ordering NASA to send astronauts back to the moon - and eventually Mars .
It 's their administration 's first space policy directive and will be signed in a White House ceremony later today .
Spokesman Hogan Gidley said Trump will sign `` Space Policy Directive 1 '' that orders NASA `` to lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the Moon , and eventually Mars . ''
It 's long been rumoured that Trump 's team were gearing up to send humans on Lunar missions for the first time since the Apollo 17 mission in 1972 .
At the first meeting of the National Space Council in October , Vice President Mike Pence said : “ We will return American astronauts to the moon , not only to leave behind footprints and flags , but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond . ”
( Image : White House/Youtube )
They directed the space agency to provide a report on plans to carry out such a mission .
It 's thought plans could include a “ Deep Space Gateway ” - effectively a lunar or orbital refuelling station which could increase the range and usefulness of spacecraft .
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Here are some of the stories we 're following for Friday October 6th . 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
A statue of a defiant girl stands facing the Charging Bull sculpture in the Financial District of New York on March 8 , 2017 . ( Photo : Bloomberg )
The financial services firm behind Wall Street 's “ Fearless Girl ” statue agreed to pay $ 5 million to settle federal allegations that it paid female executives less than their male counterparts .
The agreement followed a U.S. Department of Labor probe into Boston-based State Street Corporation .
Investigators said their analysis concluded that State Street had paid female executives less in base pay , bonus pay and total compensation than similarly situated males in the same positions .
Delaware artist Kristen Visbal 's “ Fearless Girl ” statue of a girl with their hands on their hips was commissioned by State Street Global Advisors , a division of State Street Corporation , and placed on a traffic island facing Wall Street 's “ Charging Bull ” statue on March 7 .
The work was embraced by tourists and others as a symbol of female empowerment , though some critics have questioned the motives of State Street , which has said the statue was intended “ to celebrate the power of women in leadership and to urge greater gender diversity on corporate boards . ”
A spokesperson for the company said Thursday that State Street disagrees with the analysis but opted to bring the six-year-old matter to a resolution and move forward .
In a statement the company said it is “ committed to equal pay practices and evaluates on an ongoing basis our internal processes to be sure our compensation , hiring and promotions programs are nondiscriminatory . ”
The agreement calls on State Street to pay $ 5 million into a fund for 305 female executives and 15 black executives , which the investigation also found had been paid less than similarly situated white employees in the same positions .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2017/10/06/firm-behind-delaware-artists-fearless-girl-statue-oks-equal-pay-settlement/738935001/
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday , injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour .
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack .
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues . The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway , which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters .
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack .
“ Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals , ” de Blasio said .
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah .
Law enforcement officials said they were inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group . The officials said they live in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent . The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast .
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties . They were investigating how it was made .
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff . A police officer is holding the man 's hands behind theirs back .
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground , tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal .
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abodmen . The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches .
Elrana Peralta , a customer service worker for Greyhound , said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened , but did n't hear the explosion .
“ All we could hear was the chaos , ” they said . “ We could hear people yelling , ‘ Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! ' ”
John Miles , 28 , from Vermont , was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts . They also did n't hear the blast , but saw police react .
“ I did n't know what was going on . Officers were running around . I was freaking out , ” they said . There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave . “ They did n't incite panic . It was fairly orderly . ”
Video from above the “ Crossroads of the World ” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles , their lights flashing , lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving .
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour .
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations . NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken , where they could take trains into the city .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion .
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report .
Comments
comments
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Travelers looking to take a cheap Delta Air Lines will soon need to pay for even one piece of checked baggage when flying to Europe or North Africa .
The airline said this week that it will charge Basic Economy passengers $ 60 for the first bag and $ 100 for a second . The fees will apply to tickets bought after Dec. 6 and for flights after April 10 originating from the U.S. and Canada .
There is no change in policy for more expensive international flight tickets or for flights to other regions . Delta is currently expanding its Basic Economy flights for overseas travelers .
For domestic travel , Delta already charges $ 25 for the first bag and $ 35 for the second .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has assured Marcus Rashford they are still a key figure in their Manchester United plans .
Rashford has not started a game for United since their 1-1 draw at home to West Ham in the Premier League on November 27 .
The 19-year-old England striker has been on the bench for United 's eight games since , and is unlikely to start for the Reds today at West Ham .
But Mourinho has assured Rashford , who burst on to the scene last season under Louis van Gaal with 11 goals in the second half of the campaign , that they still have faith in him .
( Photo : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Jose Mourinho speaks ahead of West Ham trip Share this video Watch Next
`` He 's always there , '' said Mourinho . `` He 's always selected , he 's on the team , he 's on the bench when they do n't start .
`` He comes on and they have different kinds of experiences .
`` What happened to them last season was really fast and was a consequence of a situation we are not having this season .
`` He 's fine . He 's going in the right direction . He 's a good kid , a good professional with the right mentality .
`` He 's always ready to learn and improve . This kid is going in the right direction . ''
( Photo : 2016 Getty Images )
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
Asked if it was difficult for Rashford to accept being on the bench , having been an automatic pick in the second half of last season , Mourinho said : `` No . He 's intelligent .
`` He knows he 's learning every day and understands that by being with the team , being in training with the team and even being on the bench , playing sometimes when we are playing counter-attacking football like today they they come and needs to open spaces .
`` He 's on the pitch with so many difficult situations and I 've no problem with them at all .
`` He 's very good , a proper professional . No problems at all . I pick them because they can play in so many positions . I like to rotate attacking players . He 's always there and I think he 's in the developing process .
`` The biggest trust I give them is when I told you [ the media ] that I do n't want another striker . I do n't want one . Why ? Because I have Rashford . ''
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
In tonight 's Coronation Street , Pat Phelan threatens to hurt Daniel Osbourne if they do n't stop snooping .
With Daniel using their detective skills to find out what really happened with the flats scam , Phelan starts to worry their involvement will be rumbled .
Suspicious of what Daniel knows , Phelan follows them to a nursing home , but is shocked when they come to face-to-face with an old enemy .
Phelan then heads to Daniel 's flat and threatens them with violence unless they call and end to their investigation .
( Image : ITV )
Will Daniel listen to the warning and stop planning their article ?
Meanwhile , Clayton 's dad Dane comes to Weatherfield again and calls in at the cafe , demanding Shona 's scratch card winnings .
Shona decides to ignore him , but is unsettled when they see Dane sitting at a nearby table in the Bistro when they arrive for their birthday meal .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Elsewhere , a nervy Gary is worried he 'll be exposed when Pat asks how they know their daughter Nicola .
Also , Andy has reached their limit and after hitting rock bottom plans to commit suicide .
Finally , Fiz is furious that Beth has been exploiting hope 's cancer battle to raise money for the jobless factory girls , but is shocked a sudden rise in donations .
* Coronation Street airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm and 8.30pm
Here are the highlights of what Theresa May had to say in their Downing Street speech .
And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way .
The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain 's membership of the European Union .
The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standsill .
In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the deal we reach with the European Union .
The country is coming together , but Westminster is not .
At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster , but instead there is division .
Because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the Government 's negotiating position in Europe .
If we do not hold a general election now their political game-playing will continue , and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election .
Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country .
So we need a general election and we need one now , because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin .
I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion .
Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020 , but now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take .
And so tomorrow I will move a motion in the House of Commons calling for a general election to be held on the eighth of June .
That motion , as set out by the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act , will require a two-thirds majority of the House of Commons .
So I have a simple challenge to the opposition parties , you have criticised the Government 's vision for Brexit , you have challenged our objectives , you have threatened to block the legislation we put before Parliament .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An estranged wife who was divorcing their husband at the time they were killed by a speeding driver wants almost £700,000 in compensation .
Cathryn Craven has taken their claim to the High Court and believes they and their husband Jayson could have reconciled had they not been killed .
The case brought by Ms Craven hinges on whether there was a substantial chance of reconciliation with Jayson , their husband of 12 years .
Mr Craven died instantly when they were struck by a car in Coventry in the early hours in June 2014 .
Driver Terry Davies , who was travelling at 86mph in a 40mph zone , was later found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving and jailed for four years .
( Image : Coventry Telegraph WS )
At the time of the 48-year-old steel fixer 's death , the couple were in a `` cooling-off period '' between decree nisi pronouncement and decree absolute .
After a relationship lasting 29 years , they separated in January 2014 after Mr Craven began an affair , and Mrs Craven petitioned for divorce .
Mrs Craven , 50 , from Coventry , has brought a claim amounting to £676,985 against Davies on behalf of themselves and their family under the Fatal Accidents Act .
( Image : Google Street View )
On Tuesday in London , their counsel , Marcus Grant , told Judge Freedman that there was an 80 % chance of reconciliation while lawyers for the other side say that is `` no more than fanciful '' and was never going to happen .
Contributory negligence on the part of Mr Craven is also alleged , and denied .
Mr Grant said that neither Mrs Craven , who worked as a part-time travel consultant , nor their husband , who was the major breadwinner , had received legal advice about the financial implications of going through with the divorce .
If Mrs Craven had thought it through , they would have opted to save the marriage and reconcile , which was Mr Craven 's wish , they added .
( Image : PA )
Mrs Craven 's case was that , had they not been killed , their anger was likely to have been eased by the passage of time because they loved them deeply and their desire for divorce would have been lessened to the point of extinction by realisation of the financial consequences .
They said : `` The claimant is quite satisfied that once furnished with this advice they would have done everything in their power to reconcile with the deceased and to terminate the divorce proceedings .
`` The cooling-off period between the decree nisi and decree absolute stages in divorce proceedings is specifically designed to provide angry couples with time to reflect on the financial reality of their decisions before they become irretrievably committed to acting on them . ''
The hearing is expected to last three days .
ALBANY — It 's solar power versus open-space preservation in a bill that Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo must sign or veto in a matter of days .
At issue is a measure , approved by the State Legislature in June , that would expand the core pine barrens designation to more than 1,000 acres in Shoreham and Mastic in Suffolk County .
The measure would shield those lands from development .
But it likely ...
FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and additional officer reports about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history . A scheduled release of documents Wednesday , May 23 , 2018 , follows a court order in a public records lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations seeking information about the Oct. 1 shooting . ( AP Photo/John Locher , File )
FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and additional officer reports about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history . A scheduled release of documents Wednesday , May 23 , 2018 , follows a court order in a public records lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations seeking information about the Oct. 1 shooting . ( AP Photo/John Locher , File )
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday .
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video , dispatch logs , witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip .
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material .
The FBI has also declined to comment .
Both say they do n't have a motive for the attack , and that the investigation is ongoing .
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below , and that the attack had no link to international terrorism .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Emmanuel Macron appeared to surprise Donald Trump by negating their famous firm handshake with a double peck on the cheek just seconds into their White House greeting .
The French President was met by Trump 's outstretched hand as they arrived in Washington yesterday for of their three-day state visit to the US .
As the world leaders met in front of cameras , Macron , possibly hoping to avoid another handshake rivalry with their US counterpart , moved in close by putting their left hand behind Trump 's head before kissing them twice on the cheek .
The gesture appeared to surprise Trump , who is known to use a firm grip while shaking hands in an effort to display their power and dominance .
Last July , Macron and Trump engaged in a bizarre and lengthy handshake during the US President 's visit to Paris to attend Bastille Day celebrations .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
Donald Trump 's handshake yank rivalry with Emmanuel Macron escalates as French President 's wife Brigitte gets involved
Commentators suggested that encounter may have represented a power struggle between the men .
Macron 's visit is the first time Trump has hosted a state visit since they took power in January last year .
While the French leader has tried to develop a close relationship with Trump since they took office last May , they have so far seen few tangible results on issues from Iran to climate politics .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Macron and their wife , Brigitte , shortly after their arrival at the Blair House residence , took quickly to the streets of Washington , walking past the White House complex to the Lincoln Memorial and greeting tourists .
Macron brought with them an oak tree sapling for planting on the South Lawn of the White House .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
The tree came from the Belleau Woods , site of a World War One battle in 1918 where 9,000 Americans died .
Trump and Macron shoveled dirt on the freshly planted tree as the cameras clicked .
`` France is a very special country , '' said Trump . `` It 's a great honour . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Trump and their wife , Melania , and the Macrons then flew aboard Trump 's Marine One helicopter to dine at Mount Vernon , the Virginia home of George Washington , the first US president and Revolutionary War commander whose alliance with France was critical to victory over the British .
The Trumps and Macrons spent about two hours at Mount Vernon .
`` We had a great dinner , '' President Trump told reporters as they boarded the helicopter for the return trip to the White House .
Working meetings will be held at the White House today before Macron addresses the US Congress the following day , the snniversary of the day French General Charles de Gaulle addressed a joint session of Congress in 1960 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Kyle Lowry scored 20 of their season-high 41 points in the fourth quarter , and the Toronto Raptors held on to stop a two-game skid with a 123-114 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday night .
Lowry also had nine rebounds and seven assists , while DeMar DeRozan scored 31 points in another big game in their hometown as the Atlantic Division-leading Raptors got back in winning form on the fifth stop of their six-game road trip .
Nick Young hit seven 3-pointers and scored 26 points for the Lakers , who emerged from a miserable December with their 15th loss in 17 games despite a stirring fourth-quarter rally .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Rome , December 11 - Snow , rain and high winds hit road and rail links in Italy with the centre and north most affected Monday . Train traffic was disrupted in Piedmont because of snow and rain , while there was a risk of avalanches in Trentino , 150km winds near La Spezia , and ferry links suspended to and from many islands . Rivers were also being watched for the risk of breaking their banks . `` The situation is complicated , patience is needed , '' said Transport Minister Graziano Delrio .
The veteran comedian , actor and renowned urban public official is proud to announce that they will embark on a near 100-city tour ; Conspiracy Theory . Much to the success and many sold out dates of the first leg of the Conspiracy Theory tour , Williams takes to the road again , for a second time after a half-year hiatus . Since remerging , Williams has taken to social media on the topics that have shaped our current political climate ( Ferguson , Kim Davis , Subway 's Jared , Trump ) and thus rerouted every American 's dinner conversation , Williams shies away from no debate fodder in Conspiracy Theory , which has already begun to show early signs of sold out venues . In their first interview in a year , Williams describes the tour as a “ collection of forbidden topics that we ca n't seem to get answered. ” “ Part of my guarantee in my ticket price is that [ I 'm ] going to be talking about what we are talking about now , ” they add . “ This is the open discussion that we 've had since 2003 . This is what it 's about. ” Having positively evolved during their public hiatus , Williams returns to the stage reborn , saying Conspiracy Theory will “ go down as one of my finest works. ” ABOUT KATT WILLIAMSProfessional stand-up comedian and vanguard in an elite category of touring comics that include Chapelle and Lawrence , Katt Williams , who hails from Cincinnati , OH is an American stand-up comedian , actor , rapper and social activist . The over-the-top , often polarizing poster figure for hard truth and funny remains in-demand globally , almost 20 years and thousands of performances later . With ratings gold HBO Specials ( “ The Pimp Chronicles Pt . 1 , ” “ It 's Pimpin ' Pimpin ' , ” “ Kattpacalypse , ” “ Priceless : Afterlife , ” “ Katt Williams Live , ” “ American Hustle ” ) , Williams remains in the Top 100 tours in the country as they embark on their national Conspiracy Theory tour , while adding to their list of on-screen achievements ( “ Friday After Next , ” “ Wild ‘ n Out , ” “ NYPD Blue , ” “ My Wife and Kids ” and the upcoming Ed Helms/ Owen Wilson comedy “ Bastards ” ) . To keep up with Williams , follow them on Twitter @ kattpackallday or visit : www.kattwilliams.com .
© Patrick Tehan/Bay Area News Group .
About the author
A Stanford research team has created a potentially powerful new way to fix damaged corneas — a major source of vision problems and blindness.Millions of new eye cells are being grown in a Palo Alto lab , enlisting one of medicine 's most important and promising new tools : refurbishing diseased and damaged tissue with healthy new cells . `` One of the exciting possibilities of this cellular approach is that one donor cornea , '' which contributes a few parent cells , `` can generate enough cells to treat tens or hundreds of patients , '' said lead researcher Dr. Jeffrey Goldberg , professor and chairperson of the Department of Ophthalmology at the Stanford University School of Medicine.About 100,000 corneal transplants are done annually in the United States — but they require surgery with donated corneas from cadavers . The procedure fails nearly a third of the time , and there are n't enough high-quality donor corneas to go around.Other scientists have been trying to grow full corneas from scratch , attaching a fragile film of cells to a membrane . That 's a challenging bioengineering problem.Stanford 's innovative strategy , eight years in the making , is to grow individual cells instead . The team then harvests a few `` mother '' corneal cells , called progenitor cells , donated from a cadaver.These cells are then put into a warm broth in petri dishes , where they give birth to many new young corneal cells.The cells are being grown at Stanford 's new Laboratory for Cell and Gene Medicine , a 25,000-square-foot biological manufacturing facility on Palo Alto 's California Avenue.The Stanford team enlisted a recent technological advance : magnetic nanoparticles . The particles are incredibly small , measuring only 50 nanometers in diameter . By comparison , a human hair is 75,000 nanometers in diameter.The new young cells were magnetized with the nanoparticles , loaded into a syringe and injected into the eye . Then , using an electromagnetic force on a patch held outside of the eye , the team pulled the cells into the middle of the eye , to the back of cornea . Later , the magnetic nanoparticles fell off the cells , exited the eye and were excreted in the patients ' urine.Ultimately , Goldberg said , the team hopes to mass produce `` off-the-shelf '' cells that can be easily transplanted into patients with severe damage to the cornea , the transparent outer coating of the eye that covers the iris and pupil.In the first trial of 11 patients , a so-called Phase 1 trial , the team only studied safety.Not only was the procedure safe , but `` we are seeing hints of efficacy that we are very excited about , '' Goldberg said . `` We 're cautiously optimistic . `` The Stanford team plans to expand the study in September to Phase 2 to measure how the vision of the patients improves.The effort has been endorsed by the American Academy of Ophthalmology , which says it supports . `` Many countries outside the United States and Europe have a shortage of donor eye tissue , leaving millions of people unable to obtain a donor cornea . If this early research is found to be safe and effective , this technique may help some patients avoid corneal transplant , '' said Dr. Philip R. Rizzuto , clinical spokesperson for the American Academy of Ophthalmology.If successful , the approach could also be used to replace other types of damaged eye cells , offering therapies for retinal and optic nerve diseases — including glaucoma , the leading cause of irreversible blindness , they said.The approach is part of an expanding field of lab-grown cell therapies . Sheets of healthy skin are used to treat burns , chronic skin wounds and diseases like epidermolysis bullosa , which causes incurable blistering . And `` bioengineered '' cartilage is increasingly used to treat certain knee injuries.Stanford researchers believe that lab-grown corneal cells could become another important type of regenerative medicine.Unlike other transplants , corneas in the Stanford team 's approach do n't have to be a perfect `` match . '' Rejection can be prevented with simple topical eyedrops.Goldberg predicted that the approach could eventually replace about 80 percent of corneal transplants.Specifically , it could repair the damaged inner layer of the cornea , called the endothelium , as seen in diseases like Fuchs ' dystrophy , which causes corneal damage due to swelling . It would not help in the 20 percent of transplants needed to fix the middle layer of the cornea , called the stroma.Next month , the team will analyze its early Phase 1 data and also apply for permission from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to begin Phase 2.While relatively few people in the United States suffer diseases or injuries that cause devastating cornea damage , the numbers are much greater in developing nations , where infectious eye diseases remain common.The new approach could offer a nonsurgical permanent solution in those countries , Goldberg said . `` Half the world has no access to tissue , '' they said . `` I would love this to be 'one and done , ' solving patients ' problems for decades . `` Lisa M. Krieger is a science writer at The Mercury News , covering research , scientific policy and environmental news from Stanford University , the University of California , NASA-Ames , U.S. Geological Survey and other Bay Area-based research facilities . Lisa also contributes to the Videography team . They graduated from Duke University with a degree in biology . Outside of work , they enjoy photography , backpacking , swimming and bird-watching .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jimmy Brattan feels they have started to turn Huntingdon Town around – but is n't about to rest on their laurels .
Following two successive bottom place finishes in the Chromasport Premier , Brattan took over a Hunters side at the start of the season adjusting to life back in Division One .
They currently sit 13th with three games to go and bounced back from last week 's derby defeat at Potton United with an impressive 3-1 win at Rushden & Higham United on Saturday .
“ We 're sitting 13th in the league , and that 's the best position the club has managed for a number of seasons , ” said Brattan . “ We would like to be higher and think we should be higher , but consistency is key , and we have n't been consistent .
“ We 're finding out a little bit about ourselves , about our character and what the lads have got to offer . They 're a great bunch of lads and a lot of them have n't played at this level before , so it 's great to see them step up .
“ If we can keep them together for another season and add to the squad for next season I think we will do better than we have this season . We 'd liked to have got top 10 , and we were on for that but February put paid to it .
“ I 'm happy though as it 's a first full season at this level for me as well . It 's been a massive learning curve , but that 's why were in football . We 'll keep learning and developing , keep pushing and see if we can get the club back to the Prem in the next couple of seasons . ”
Corey Kingston scored twice and Jake Waterworth grabbed other for the Hunters , who also have a Hinchingbrooke Cup semi against Deeping Rangers to look forward to . The tie had been pencilled in for next Monday but has now been replaced by a league game .
“ I 'm sure we can give a good account of ourselves as we did against Ely , when we went there as massive underdogs but played them off the park , ” Brattan added . “ I 'm not saying that 's what we 'll do against Deeping , but we 'll and treat it like a cup final and enjoy the occasion . ”
In the same division , Potton United 's bid to secure the second promotion place behind champions Pinchbeck United looks set to go down to the wire .
A Claudio Dias strike saw the Royals draw 1-1 with promotion rivals Lutterworth Town on Saturday , and they remain in second place on 76 points with one game left .
Lutterworth , the only team who can now catch them , have five games left – but if Potton win their final game , Lutterworth must win all five and make up an eight-goal deficit to deny them .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Women are walking publicly in Iran without a veil in a show of support after one woman was manhandled by the country 's so-called 'morality police ' for apparently wearing theirs too loosely .
Videos shared on Twitter show female campaigners taking to streets in cities without headscarves in defiance of a strict Islamic dress code , which orders women to cover their hair .
It comes days after a member of Iran 's so-called 'morality police ' was filmed ordering a woman to `` sit you animal '' - because they apparently wore their veil too loosely .
The `` walking unveiled '' campaign has reportedly been launched in Iranian capital Tehran and Shiraz with dozens of women taking part .
In one video , shared on Twitter by Iranian activist Masih Alineiad , under the hashtag # mycameraismyweapon , two women without headscarves are strolling in Shiraz where bystanders supposedly gave them `` very bad looks '' .
In the footage , one woman says : `` Hi Masih jan. We are in Shiraz and it is very busy .
`` My friend and I have joined the walking unveiled campaign .
`` People were giving us very bad looks and we just had an argument with a man , and a full woman in hijab defended us by saying we should be allowed to dress as we like .
`` We walked the entire journey unveiled . ''
Masih has previously claimed men have threatened to `` butcher '' and kidnap them over their refusal to wear a hijab .
Activists have sprung into action after disturbing footage emerged of a woman being branded an `` animal '' as they were reportedly confronted over their veil .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Iran 's vice president for women 's affairs has condemned the incident involving a member of the country 's so-called 'morality police ' , who often patrol areas tasked with enforcing strict rules on dress .
The confrontation was captured on a mobile phone camera and has now been widely circulated online .
After an exchange of words - during which the woman is told `` sit , you animal ! '' - a female religious police officer appears to push and shove them
The encounter then grows more violent , as the woman cries for help .
They are slapped in the face and wrestled to the floor . The young woman can be heard screaming repeatedly : “ Let me go , let me go . ”
The footage was spread on social media by activists campaigning against the compulsory wearing of the hijab in Iran .
Iran 's vice president for women 's affairs Masoumeh Ebtekar condemned the confrontation .
`` What justifies this behavior ? '' they tweeted . `` Where is the limit of an officer 's action , even if they were insulted ?
`` I strongly condemn this treatment . No human deserves this kind of harsh anti-religion behavior . ''
Ebtekar later tweeted that Iran 's Interior Minister Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli had ordered a `` comprehensive review '' and a report on the findings by Saturday .
`` People are angry because such mistreatments are happening over and over again .
`` People have lost their hope because the morality police acts with impunity in the name of law , '' Alinejad told the Guardian .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Afternoon tea is one of Britain 's greatest pleasures , so rather than sipping an overly brewed cuppa in a Sports Direct mug with skimmed milk , amp up your tea game by indulging in luxury scones and the perfect cuppa at one of these top afternoon tea packages all over the UK .
As it 's now officially Afternoon Tea Week ( no we do n't know why we 've never celebrated this before either ) , some of the locations are putting on some special celebratory deals .
Including Cloud 23 in Manchester , a castle in Scotland and an Aladdin-themed genie cave , these package deals are perfect for treating your mum , partner or best friend - and they 're not as pricey as you may think .
Best afternoon teas in the UK
Most prices are for two people , unless specified .
London , £34
British Museum
( Image : Buy A Gift )
The British Museum hosts one of the finest afternoon tea in the capital , diners can munch on tasty treats like salt beef , cress and radish bagels , broccoli and cheddar tarts , Scottish smoked salmon and cucumber brioche , macaroons , raspberry and vanilla tart , and apricot and pistachio cake . Oh , and of course , Prosecco . Heavenly . Book here via Groupon where the experience is currently half price ( usually £50 ) .
Waldorf Hilton , £109
Alternatively , if you 're looking for extravagance take mum on a trip to the Shard followed by afternoon tea at the Waldorf Hilton ( a luxury hotel in London 's vibrant West End ) in this combination package of lavishness for £109 ( usually £161.90 ) - it even comes complete with a harpist playing while you sip your exotic teas . Book here from Buyagift .
Genie 's afternoon tea at Cutter & Squidge , £29.50pp
For something a little different , head to Cutter & Squidge 's The Genie Cave , for a limited edition afternoon tea experience where everything is Aladdin-themed . Eat magic carpet cookies , 24-carat gold desserts and sip on tea from teapots shaped like the genie 's lamp .
You 'll need to pre-book though , it 's £29.50 each and you can find the details on the Cutter & Squidge site .
Manchester , £37.90
( Image : Buy A Gift )
Manchester 's Hilton 's Cloud 23 is renowned for being one of the top afternoon teas in the city , costing £12 for a cream tea , or £23 per person for the full afternoon tea without champagne and £33 with . You can book it via the Hilton website here .
For something a little cheaper but with just as rave reviews , head to the 5 * Radissson Blu Edwardian Manchester , who are offering afternoon tea for two for £37.90 . Book here at buyagift.co.uk .
Nottingham , £39
Indulge in a selection of treats including sandwiches , scones , cakes and pastries for £39 , at Thoresby Hall , a magical 4 * Warner Leisure hotel and stately home , situated on the edge of Sherwood Forest . Book here from Virgin Experience Day .
If you fancy staying overnight , the hotel regularly releases late deals . Rooms feature four poster beds and there 's live music every night .
Liverpool , £35
( Image : Virgin Experience Days )
Enjoy a sparkling afternoon tea at Merseyside 's Formby Hall Golf Resort and Spa , which gives a modern spin on the traditional afternoon tea .
For £35 you 'll be presented with seasonally inspired open sandwiches and wraps , miniature cakes and delicious pastries . Book here at Virgin Experience Days .
Leeds , £79
( Image : Virgin Experience Days )
Why stick to just tea when you could go all out with this sumptuous spa and cream tea package .
Burn off the calories after eating your fill of scones and jam with a dip in the Marriott Hotel 's pool , sweat it all out in the steam room , or relax in the jacuzzi . It 's £79 for the tea and spa for both of you - Book here via Virgin Experience Days .
Southampton , £66.50pp ( includes night at a hotel )
( Image : Great Little Breaks )
Enjoy the traditional English occasion in the finest of settings , at Best Western Chilworth Manor Hotel , a magnificent Edwardian Manor House set amongst 12 acres of beautifully landscaped grounds .
Price includes an overnight stay at the Manor Hotel , Afternoon Tea served with a glass of Prosecco for two ( worth £39 ) and a delicious full English breakfast the following morning . Book here via Great Little Breaks .
Milton Keynes , £70.50
( Image : lastminute.com )
One of Britain 's most underrated days out , Bletchley Park was the top secret home of the fantastically intelligent World War Two codebreakers , such as Alan Turing ( remember the film Imitation Game ? ) who helped win the war .
After exploring the beautiful house and grounds , you can then re-energize with some tasty afternoon tea in the Mansion Tea Room . Book here via lastminute.com .
Cheshire , £62.50pp ( includes night at a hotel )
( Image : Great Little Breaks )
Escape to the Cheshire countryside for a classic afternoon tea break at the lavish Shrigley Hall Hotel , where you can sip your tea in a historic mansion surrounded by beautiful countryside and breath-taking views of the Peak District .
Price includes one night 's accommodation , a delicious afternoon tea for two and a full English breakfast served to you on the following morning . Book here at Great Little Breaks .
Belfast , Northern Ireland , £35
( Image : Buy A Gift )
Revel in the popular British past time but with a stylish European flair at Patisserie Valerie in Belfast , renowned for its delicious sweet treats since 1926 , including chocolate eclairs , carrot and walnut cakes , scones with clotted cream and smoked salmon sandwiches .
For £35 for two , you 'll also get a take-home gift box filled with even more sweet treats . Book here at Buyagift .
South Ayrshire , Scotland , £35
( Image : Virgin Experience Days )
For such a quintessentially British treat , there 's no better place to enjoy afternoon tea than at the beautiful Glenapp castle , in South Ayrshire .
With a full selection of homemade sandwiches , cakes and other goodies included in their spread , the only thing that beats the cuisine is the views out across the Irish Sea and 36 acres of gorgeous gardens . Book here via Virgin Experience Days for £35 .
Snowdonia , Wales , £35
( Image : Buy A Gift )
Nestled amidst Snowdonia National Park , the charming Victorian mansion that is now Penmaenuchaf Hall Hotel is one of the most scenic spots in the country .
Indulge in afternoon tea , before a leisurely stroll through the venue 's beautifully landscaped grounds , which overlook the scenic Mawddach valley . Who knew you could live like a royal for the day for just £35 ? Book here via Buyagift .
Oxford , £39
( Image : lastminute.com )
Indulge in your afternoon tea riverside at The Folly , as you watch boats pass by on the Thames in a scene that looks straight out of an old movie .
You 'll also get a glass of sparkling wine as you watch the world go by , as well as a nice selection of pastries , little sandwiches and scones . Book here via lastminute.com .
Ruthin , Wales , £29.99
( Image : lastminute.com )
Dating back over 700 years to 1277 , you 'll take afternoon tea within the ancient walls of the Library Bar or Cornwallis Lounge .
With plenty of royal figures and nobility having visited over the years , there are plenty of stories to discover at the grounds , if you fancied a nice post-afternoon tea stroll around the castle and its gardens . Book here via lastminute.com .
Essex , £39
( Image : Virgin Experience Days )
Fill up on all your favourite sandwiches and patisseries while looking out onto blossom trees and sweeping lawns and dreamy landscaped gardens - for just £39 for two .
It 's all happening at the Hallmark Hotel in Woodford Green - a Grade II Georgia mansion with its own chapel - for the best afternoon tea in Essex , then sit back , relax and pretend you 're royalty for the day . Book here at Virgin Experience Days .
Top 5 foodie packages
( Image : Getty )
Not a fan of tea and cake ? These are the best deals on meals out and other food-based fun , with all prices listed including two people .
ROAD Safety Minister Michelle Roberts has dismissed calls for a change to laws to force cyclists to ride in single file .
National lobby group Drivers for the Registration of Cyclists has attracted more than 95,000 supporters for its Change.org petition calling on governments across Australia to “ implement compulsory single file for all cyclists who ride in groups ” regardless of whether there is a cycle lane .
The group says laws mandating a minimum passing distance of at least one metre are jeopardised when riders travel two abreast , as permitted under existing laws .
Almost 100,000 people have signed a petition to create the law . The West Australian Almost 100,000 people have signed a petition to create the law .
The petition also asks for cyclists to be banned from roads with speed limits above 80km/h if there is not a designated bike lane .
Mrs Roberts said there were no plans to review the law .
“ This is not something in place anywhere in Australia , nor is it something being considered here , ” they said .
“ The vast majority of cyclists use common sense . ”
Acting State Road Safety Commissioner Iain Cameron said safe passing distance laws , introduced in WA in November , provided allowances for drivers to overtake cyclists .
“ Drivers are permitted to cross continuous and double white lines , but only when it is safe to do so and they have a clear view of oncoming traffic , allowing more opportunity to safely pass cyclists , ” they said .
Westcycle chief executive Matt Fulton disputed the claims in the petition that riding in single file would be safer for cyclists . They described the petition as an “ emotional response ” to cyclists from drivers and encouraged mutual respect between road users .
“ Riding two abreast makes riding safer because it makes riders more visible and reduces the distance for cars to overtake , therefore reducing the risk involved , ” they said .
“ Our guidance to the cycling community is it is legal to ride two abreast but at times it is respectful and appropriate to ride single file . ”
Mr Fulton said most cyclists who died on WA roads were riding alone , so cyclists in single file would be more vulnerable .
Adrian Beltre questioned the Rangers ' off-season spending , but does that mean they think the Rangers are tanking in 2018 ? Steve Nurenberg Special to the Star-Telegram
LAKE WALES , Fla. ( WFLA ) – The Polk County Sheriff 's Office Homicide Unit is investigating after a 16-year-old boy reportedly beat a 15-year-old boy to death with a baseball bat Monday afternoon .
The death occurred on Caloosa Boulevard , cross street Lake Boulevard .
According to Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd , Dillen Murray , 16 , and Giovanni Diaz , 15 , went into the woods , presumably to play .
Judd said that 's where Murray beat Diaz to death with the bat .
Murray allegedly told a witness what they had done and went home and called 911 .
The witness found Diaz dead .
Murray told a deputy “ he whaled on ” the other boy with the bat , and referred to them as a friend .
Judd said the Murray has three previous battery charges , two of which were on the victim .
Judd said they do not yet know why they killed the other boy and have no further details .
A Bill that tightens the foreign trust disclosure rules , simplifies tax processes and reduces or eliminates use-of-money interest for most business taxpayers passed its final stage in Parliament…
“ The new legislation tightens the disclosure rules for foreign trusts as recommended by the Shewan Inquiry , ” says Revenue Minister Judith Collins .
“ It also includes measures to implement the G20/OECD standard for the Automatic Exchange of Information , to help detect and prevent tax evasion globally ” they say .
The new legislation also contains a number of measures to simplify tax processes . Many businesses report that the most difficult aspect of their tax affairs is calculating and paying provisional tax . The introduction of the accounting income method , the key measure introduced by the new legislation , will give smaller businesses a new pay-as-you go option for provisional tax from 1 April 2018 .
The accounting income method , will allow small taxpayers to use their accounting software to calculate and pay their provisional tax taking the guess work out of calculating provisional tax .
Other business-friendly measures , commencing 1 April 2017 , include reducing or removing use-of-money interest for the vast majority of business taxpayers and removing the one per cent incremental late payment penalty for new GST , income tax , and overpaid Working for Families tax credits , Ms Collins says .
“ Use-of-money interest is often seen by businesses as unfair . Currently , even if a business pays the correct amount of provisional tax during the year they can still incur the interest . The combination of the accounting income method and the other provisional tax changes will reduce the impact of interest .
As September draws closer , the rumors about the upcoming iPhone 8 keep pouring in . While we ca n't say which of them are true , these predictions are all we have until its launch this fall . Now , a schematic diagram has surfaced online , which is said to be the final design of the iPhone 8 .
As per the drawing , the 10th anniversary model is going to sport a 5.8-inch OLED display , which will be covered by a 2.5D curved glass . The measurement of the smartphone is also revealed from the schematics . The iPhone 8 is expected to be 137.54mm in height and 67.54mm in width . If this piece of information turns out to be true , it will be almost same as the last year 's iPhone in terms of measurement .
Also Read : Apple TV rumored to get new features with tvOS 11 ; multi-user support expected
A previously leaked image suggested that the display of the iPhone 8 will be surrounded by really thin bezels and the touch ID fingerprint sensor will be placed below the Apple logo at the back of the device . If it is to be believed , it will be the first iPhone to bear a rear touch ID sensor .
The image further reveals that the upcoming Apple smartphone will have a vertical dual-camera setup , unlike the iPhone 7 model .
In any case , the iPhone 8 is most likely be really stylish in terms of design . On the other hand , specifications and features will not be much different than the last year 's iPhone .
However , as countless leaks get emerge online almost every other day , all of these rumors should be taken with a pinch of salt .
Source Via
SANTA ANA , Calif. ( AP ) — Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport , NBC-TV reported .
Ford , 74 , was told to land their single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday , but they mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway , passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby , NBC reported ( http : //nbcnews.to/2kHo2iu ) .
“ Was that airliner meant to be underneath me ? ” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording , NBC reported Tuesday .
American Airlines Flight 1456 , with 110 passengers and six crew , departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later .
Ford 's publicist , Ina Treciokas , declined comment Tuesday afternoon .
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor could n't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737 , but they said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions .
They did n't indicate how high the plane was when it flew over the jetliner .
The FAA is investigating , Gregor said .
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator . But they have had several close calls .
In March 2015 , Ford was seriously injured when their World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff .
In 1999 , Ford crash-landed their helicopter during a training flight in which they and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County , northwest of Los Angeles . Ford and the instructor were unhurt .
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced them to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska . Ford and their passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway , but its wing tips were damaged , officials said .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MADISON , Wisconsin -- In the Microbial Sciences Building at the University of Wisconsin-Madison , the incredibly efficient eating habits of a fungus-cultivating termite are surprising even to those well acquainted with the insect 's natural gift for turning wood to dust .
According to a study published today ( April 17 , 2017 ) in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , when poplar wood undergoes a short , 3.5-hour transit through the gut of the termite , the emerging feces are almost devoid of lignin , the hard and abundant polymer that gives plant cells walls their sturdiness . As lignin is notorious for being difficult to degrade , and remains a costly obstacle for wood processing industries such as biofuels and paper , the termite is the keeper of a highly sought after secret : a natural system for fully breaking down biomass .
`` The speed and efficiency with which the termite is breaking down the lignin polymer is totally unexpected , '' says John Ralph , a UW-Madison professor of biochemistry , researcher at the Great Lakes Bioenergy Research Center ( GLBRC ) and lignin expert . `` The tantalizing implication is that this gut system holds keys to breaking down lignin using processes that are completely unknown . ''
Hongjie Li , co-first author of the study , began studying the termite as graduate student at Zhejiang University in Hangzhou , China . Now a postdoctoral researcher in the lab of UW-Madison bacteriology professor and GLBRC researcher Cameron Currie , Li was the first to keep this genus of termite alive in a lab setting , and the first to observe close-up the symbiotic system that unites the termites with the white rot fungus Termitomyces .
The entire process , as is often the case with social insects , is complex . Young termites , or young workers , collect and eat the wood . The termites ' fungal-laden feces then become an integral part of a fungal comb , a sponge-like structure the termites create within a protected chamber . On the comb , the white rot fungi further degrade the wood until its simple sugars are ready , some 45 days later , to be consumed by old worker termites .
`` For decades , everybody just thought that the young worker was n't doing anything , because of how rapidly the wood passes through its gut , '' says Li . `` But after observing the termites in the lab , I assumed there were some functions there , since the fungi simply can not live on the wood on their one . ''
To explore those functions , Li enlisted the help of co-first author Daniel Yelle , a research forest products technologist with the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Forest Products Laboratory , and an expert in wood-degrading fungal systems .
`` This system is unique because the fungus and the termite ca n't live without each other , '' says Yelle . `` They 're symbiotic , and they work together very efficiently to do things white rot fungi ca n't do in nature . Together they do everything more rapidly . ''
The system may be symbiotic , but the processes involved in the gut transit -- or the mechanisms by which the termite gut succeeds in cleaving even the hardest-to-cleave portions of the lignin -- are still unknown . Future research will focus on determining which enzymes or bacterial systems might be at work in the gut . If that super enzyme or process can be replicated outside of the termite , it could result in a dramatic improvement in the way we process wood and make biofuels , improving economics and cutting energy use .
`` This is a great example of the value of basic science research , '' says Currie . `` Studying how termites process plant biomass in nature not only helps us understand our natural world , but it could contribute to our own efforts to break down biomass . ''
# # #
Krista Eastman , 608-890-2168 , krista.eastman @ wisc.edu
© Associated Press
It was fire , not ice : In a new documentary , an expert provides evidence that a fire weakened Titanic 's hull before an iceberg dealt the fatal blow.The standard tale holds that the massive , `` unsinkable '' luxury cruiser foundered when an iceberg ripped through its hull , leaving more than 1,500 of its passengers to die in freezing waters only days into its April 1912 maiden voyage.That 's almost right , says journalist Senan Molony.In fact , they contend , before the ship even left the Belfast shipyard where it was made , a massive fire the weakened the great ship — exactly in the area the iceberg would puncture . `` The official Titanic inquiry branded [ the sinking ] as an act of God . This is n't a simple story of colliding with an iceberg and sinking . It 's a perfect storm of extraordinary factors coming together : fire , ice and criminal negligence , '' Molony explains , according to the UK Telegraph.Molony , who has been studying the Titanic for 30 years , examined rarely seen photographs taken by Titanic 's chief electrical engineer before it left the shipyard to identify black marks left by the fire on the front right-hand side of the ship 's hull.The photos came to light in a recent private auction , The Sun reports . They show 30-foot long black streaks — just where the iceberg would later strike . `` We appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place , before they even left Belfast , '' Molony said.He notes that there is a `` myth '' of a 300-foot gash opened up by the iceberg in Titanic 's side , `` but when the wreckage was examined , people were perplexed because they could n't find anything like it . `` The fire , which is known about but little discussed , began when hundreds of tons of coal `` self-heated '' enough to burst into flame in a huge fuel storage area adjacent to one of the ship 's boiler rooms . According to the Telegraph , a dozen men were brought in to combat the flames , but they raged for days or even weeks , reaching temperatures perhaps as high as 1,000 C. '' Nobody has investigated these marks before , '' Molony said . `` It totally changes the narrative . We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle , and reduces its strength by up to 75 % . `` Indeed , the ship was even reversed into its berth in Southampton , a very unusual move , to hide the burned side from passengers , Molony says.The fire was briefly addressed at the inquiry on the sinking , the expert says , but it was played down . `` She should never have been put to sea but the Titanic had already been delayed a couple of times and was committed to leaving on April 10 . `` Another Titanic expert and author of several books on the subject thinks Molony may be on to something.Richard De Kerbrech told the Sunday Times , `` We know for certain there was a fire on the ship . Initially I gave it little credence but , looking at [ Molony 's ] meticulous research , I was surprised by the extent of it . The chairperson and designer were aboard so there were a lot of things that were kept quiet . `` The fire may also be one of the reasons Titanic was moving at such speed . `` The way to deal with the fire [ in the bunker ] would have been to dig out the coal , and put it in the only other possible place , the furnace , which meant the ship was going at a much higher speed . `` Molony presented their new evidence in the documentary Titanic : The New Evidence on the BBC 's Channel Four New Year 's Day .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England fans are waking up with a national hangover after the Three Lions ' epic World Cup win over Colombia .
Gareth Southgate 's team won 4-3 on penalties to progress to the quarter finals after a nail-biting night in Russia .
But elated fans were waking up with sore heads this morning after partying the night away .
One tucked into an `` emergency '' porridge , others devoured full English breakfasts and one Tesco store sold out of Lucozade .
A large queue was also seen outside a Greggs store in what one witness dubbed 'National Midweek Hangover Day ' .
Twitter user John McCann joked even their train was hungover during their morning commute .
They wrote : `` Train I 'm on this morning is hungover . Do n't blame it , big night , '' alongside a St George 's flag emoji .
Pulse 1 radio DJ Ditchy even arrived at work to find a shopping trolley in their office .
They said : `` Dunno where that came from must-have been a good night # England # hangover ''
It was last night estimated hangovers and the 30C heatwave could spell the biggest sickie day of the year today - and a £500million bill for the economy .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Employers are braced for £200m of costs today and the number of staff calling in sick or late after Eric Dier 's penalty secured the Three Lions ' place in the last eight is projected to rocket up to 400 per cent in some cities .
Absenteeism and lateness will have higher peaks today than the 300 per cent increase in Leeds the day after the opening game against Tunisia , according to BrightHR , which monitors absenteeism at 56,000 workplaces .
There were scenes of elation across the country as England brought home victory .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : REUTERS )
Some 2,200 people had piled on to Brighton beach to watch the England match on the big screen . The crowd roared and threw drinks in the air when England scored their first goal .
Fans fell to the floor with their heads in their hands when Colombia equalised late on .
Katie Johnson , 26 , who travelled from Brixton , South London , to watch the match on Brighton beach with friends , said : “ We were devastated when Colombia scored .
( Image : PA )
“ My heart was pounding , then the screen went out .
“ We were considering scaling the fence to get to the nearest pub but it came back on so we were rewarded for our patience .
“ When they scored the final penalty to win it felt amazing .
“ All I can think now is ‘ It 's coming home . ” '
The highs and lows of the game had fans gripped across the nation as pubs and clubs were packed and roads were empty .
Rap star Stormzy , 24 , was among the many supporters watching overseas . They reacted with joy in San Antonio , Ibiza , alongside pals as Kane put England into the lead .
Minister of state for personnel Jitendra Singh had said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha on 29 March that 1,832 appointments were allegedly secured on the basis of fake caste certificates . Photo : AP
New Delhi : Employees who got jobs using forged scheduled or backward caste certificates will be dismissed , the Centre has said . All central government departments have been asked to collect details about such appointments from the various organisations under them .
The move assumes significance as over 1,800 appointments , a majority of them in financial sectors like public sector banks and insurance companies , were allegedly secured through fake caste certificates , official data reveals .
According to existing norms , if it is found that a government servant had furnished false information or produced a false certificate in order to secure appointment they should not be retained in service . “ Thus when an appointing authority comes to know that an employee had submitted a false/fake caste certificate , it has to initiate action to remove or dismiss such an employee from service as per the provisions of relevant service rules , ” the Department of Personnel and Training ( DoPT ) said in a recently issued directive .
It has been decided to collect information from all departments about appointments made on the basis of fake or false caste certificates and the follow-up action taken thereon , it said . “ Therefore , all the ministries/departments are requested to collect information from all organisations under their administrative control about the cases where the candidates got/alleged to have got appointment against vacancies reserved for Scheduled Castes , Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Classes on the basis of false/fake caste certificate and send a consolidated report in this regard , ” the directive said .
Minister of state for personnel Jitendra Singh had said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha on 29 March that 1,832 appointments were allegedly secured on the basis of fake caste certificates . Of these , 276 had resulted in suspension or removal , 521 were entangled in litigations and disciplinary proceedings were pending in the remaining 1,035 cases , they said .
A total of 1,296 cases of jobs secured allegedly through fake caste certificates were under the department of financial services . As many as 157 such cases were in State Bank of India , 135 in Central Bank of India , 112 in Indian Overseas Bank , 103 in Syndicate Bank , and 41 each in New India Assurance and United India Assurance .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Introducing Shaun Williamson , aka the artist formerly known as Barry Evans from EastEnders and a contestant on 2017 's Celebrity Big Brother .
From 1994 to 2004 , the British actor played the hapless son of car dealer Roy Evans , who moved to Albert Square when their dad took up with Pat Butcher .
But Baz breathed their last when their wicked wife-of-five-minutes , Janine Butcher , pushed them off a cliff in Scotland .
Celebrity Big Brother full line-up confirmed : Sarah Harding and Jemma Lucy set to descend on Britain 's most famous house
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
( Image : Rex )
They went on to play an jobless , unemployable version of themselves in Extras , starring alongside the series ' creators , Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant .
Spending the next decade flitting between TV and stage work , Shaun admits they have no regrets about leaving their soap roots behind .
Shaun Williamson talks making it big in theatre - and taking their jar of Marmite with them
( Image : BBC )
( Image : ITV )
`` I do n't miss EastEnders at all - I have n't since the day I left . When Barry played an evil s * * t it was great , but I would n't go back to playing a loser again , otherwise I might as well have stayed , '' they previously shared .
CBB contestants 2017
Shaun , 51 , has been married to wife Melanie Williamson since 1997 , and the couple are parents to children Sophie and Joseph .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Just a reminder of what was going on in football the year England last won a knockout game at a major tournament :
Wembley was still a building site so we had the pleasure of up-grading to Cardiff for cup finals , Glenn Hoddle resigned as Wolves boss , giving them the chance to downgrade the quality of TV punditry and Middlesbrough reached the heady heights of the UEFA Cup final ensuring Steve McClaren got their teeth whitened in anticipation of all the smiling he 'd be doing as England manager .
That was 2006 , or roughly half a football-watching lifetime ago to a 32-year-old .
And England lost the next game , just as they had done the previous time they reached the quarter-finals .
So as excited as the nation is getting over Gareth Southgate 's team and their supposedly heaven-sent route to next weekend 's World Cup final , perspective is still very much needed . Even if they have now beaten the penalty hoodoo .
( Image : EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock )
It 's beyond foolish to look at the potential fixtures and convince yourself they are formalities . If in doubt , take a look at that World Cup wall-chart you filled in three weeks ago and ask what happened to Germany , France , Argentina and Portugal ?
For starters , Sweden is no pushovers .
In their qualifying group , they beat France and finished above Holland , before keeping Italy goalless for 180 minutes in the play-offs to reach Russia , where they 've hammered Mexico 3-0 and just seen off the world 's sixth-seeded side , Switzerland .
But were England to get past the Swedes , they will reach a World Cup semi-final for the first time since 1990 , when fans stood on terraces , English clubs were banned from Europe and the Premier League was not even a wet dream shared by Rupert Murdoch , Greg Dyke and the owners of the top four clubs .
( Image : Getty )
That would be some achievement for the youngest squad left in the tournament , who is a few believed would make it past the quarter-finals . Even the deepest pessimist would admit things are looking up .
But let 's not forget how , after 1990 , the fortunes of English club football soared , but the national side 's flatlined then slumped .
Bobby Robson was allowed to step down as coach , as was the next , and last manager , to take them to a tournament semi-final , Terry Venables .
The rest is misery .
That can not , and surely will not , happen to Gareth Southgate , even if England lose on Saturday and their head is turned into a root vegetable under the headline Swedes 2 , Turnips 1 – The Sequel .
Because the foundations are in place for England to finally progress like a mature footballing nation .
In Russia , the intelligence and honesty of Southgate has shone through , as has the players ' humility .
For once , the capabilities of the national side are in sync with the nation 's expectations .
Optimism based around a young , talented group devoid of ego and bluster , balanced with the acceptance that only Harry Kane is the only one of them with a shout of making a squad of the world 's best players .
Whatever happens now , we know England is in a good place .
We knew that anyway , after last year 's World Cup triumphs for the Under-20s and U17s and the Euros win for the U19s .
It 's impossible to fluke being the best at three age groups .
( Image : FIFA via Getty )
( Image : EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock )
To then see seniors exhibit , as they did against Colombia , the mental strength not to succumb to the dark arts , to fight back from an extra-time equaliser and to go where no group of Englishmen have previously gone in a World Cup , by winning a tense penalty shoot-out , means they are getting things right .
That the work going on at St George 's Park is bearing fruit .
And Greg Dyke 's much-mocked claim that England can win the World Cup in 2022 now does n't seem so risible .
Indeed , the fact that bookies have them joint second-favourites to lift it next Sunday puts them way ahead of schedule .
Fiancee and partner 's MUM come to blows because s
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Nail-biting dashcam footage has captured the moment a lucky biker came within inches of being crushed by a high-speed train .
Video recorded from the driver 's cabin shows picturesque views as a train hurtles along tracks in Australia , travelling at approximately 100mph .
Suddenly the driver sounds their horns and slams on the emergency brake , giving the adrenaline junkie a desperate and fleeting chance to abandon their motorbike and leap out of the way - milliseconds before the train smashes into him .
( Photo : YouTube/VLine Victoria )
( Photo : YouTube/VLine Victoria )
The crackling sound of the train hitting the motorbike is picked up by the dashcam and a slow motion version of the footage shows just how close the man was to being sucked under the giant machine .
Three other bikers can be seen on the other side of the tracks , looking on while their friend throws themselves into nearby shrubbery .
A Victoria Police spokesperson said no one was hurt during the hair-raising incident but confirmed that it is being investigated .
KANSAS CITY ( AP ) — A Kansas City man has been ordered to spend 24 years in prison in the shooting death of a suburban father who had been trying to sell a gun on a grocery store 's parking lot .
Nineteen-year-old Fazon Swinton was sentenced Friday in Jackson County , where they were convicted in June of second-degree murder , attempted robbery , armed criminal action and leaving the scene of a shooting .
Authorities say 39-year-old Jacob Branter of Lee 's Summit was shot and killed in April 2016 outside a Price Chopper store . Prosecutors allege Swinton made arrangements to buy a handgun from Brantner but stole it instead , running off before exchanging gunfire with Brantner .
Swinton later was treated at a hospital for a bullet wound .
Get Money Deals updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With its halter necks , combat trousers and Von Dutch caps , 90s fashion was beautifully iconic . So it was only a matter of time before certain trends started making a comback ...
High street store Poundland has just unveiled their latest bargain , and it will make those that grew up in the 90s very happy .
The discount retailer has started selling none other than blow up bubble bags , an obligatory wardrobe for all our top 90s icons including Lizzie Maguire , Mary-Kate and Ashley and Sabrina the Teenage Witch .
But rather than begging your parents for it , this time you 'll be able to afford one all by yourself , as thankfully , the blow up bags ' price tag lives up to the retailer 's famous name , selling for a decent £1 each .
( Image : Poundland )
But Poundland are n't the only ones to get in on the bubble backpack action , with the likes of Topshop and ASOS also selling their own versions - albeit for significantly more .
While Topshop 's `` Flubber inflatable backpack '' will set you back £18 , ASOS also had one for £15 , although that now appears to be out of stock .
( Image : Poundland )
Sadly though , Poundland 's statement bags are limited edition , with only 100 bags being sold at each store , so keen 90s kids may want to head to their local shop sooner rather than later .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A child sex beast is likely become even more of a danger because of their bizarre obsession with the film Taxi Driver , a friend has warned .
Paul Dempster is in custody awaiting sentence after sexually assaulting a young girl and stalking two women who rejected him .
Speaking to the Daily Record , a friend has now revealed the 49-year-old has an obsession with the violent anti-hero from the film Taxi Driver played by Robert De Niro .
They even sport the same Mohican haircut as the character .
( Photo : Getty )
And the pal , who has known Dempster for 30 years , fears their crimes will escalate when when they walk free from prison .
They believe the crimes for which the pervert was convicted are “ probably just the start of their offending ” .
The friend revealed that since their teenage years , Dempster , 49 , has modelled themselves on Taxi Driver 's gun-obsessed loner Travis Bickle .
And they added : “ It has taken them 49 years to get on the radar .
`` What happens next ? They are a danger . ”
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Getty )
At Glasgow Sheriff Court last month , Dempster was found guilty of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl in 2013 .
The court heard that they told the girl they loved them in private Facebook messages and was caught kissing them
Dempster – a friend of the child 's family – preyed on them when they visited their house in the north of Glasgow .
They denied the assault charge and claimed they treated them like a family member , but was convicted by a jury at Glasgow Sheriff Court .
( Photo : Internet Unknown )
( Photo : Internet Unknown )
Before going on trial for the child sex offence , they pled guilty to a string of charges .
They included stalking a 20-year-old former colleague who rejected them and vandalising the shop of another woman who spurned their advances .
Child sex `` beast '' jailed for three years for attacks on girls aged seven and eight
They also admitted vandalising the girl 's dad 's car on two occasions in May 2013 , driving without insurance or an MOT and breaching bail .
Yesterday , the friend – who asked not to be named – said : “ Growing up , they had a dark side to them and had a fixation on Robert de Niro 's part in Taxi Driver .
“ Paul was constantly quoting lines from it , such as , ‘ You talkin ' to me ? ' Things like that .
“ It is hard to describe . They were a good guy growing up but they were different from everyone else .
“ His demons have obviously overcome him . ”
They added : “ There are so many parallels with Paul 's character and the character in that film . It is scary .
“ You just have to look at the two characters .
“ They both have sleep deprivation and insomnia , the shaving the head into a mohican .
“ You have a correlation between Paul and Travis fixating on the young girl . I 've been thinking about why they went to trial . Have they convinced themselves or is they in complete denial ?
“ He has exhibited certain mannerisms that are prevalent in that film .
“ All I 'm saying is you ca n't rule anything out , given they have had their first taste of the jail for five or six months .
“ I think he 'll walk in January , I really do . The tariff they can put on them is tightly governed .
“ You 're talking under two years of a sentence , given what he 's been convicted of . You can only hope that they put some kind of restriction on him . ”
In the 1976 film , Bickle stalks a former colleague , becomes obsessed by a child prostitute played by
Jodie Foster and tries to assassinate a US senator .
The film culminates with Bickle shaving their hair into a mohican before murdering three men in a shootout .
Last year , Dempster was arrested in Hopkinsville , Kentucky , for stealing six dollars worth of items from a Salvation Army store .
In their mugshot , they sported the same mohican-style haircut as Bickle .
Their friend said : “ He has a mental health issue .
Child sex beast and woman-beater claims they are the `` victim '' and will `` seek revenge '' in pathetic prison letters
“ I 'm sure that 's what their lawyers will be arguing . They are definitely a fantasist . There are no two ways about it .
“ Unless they put some mental health restriction on him , they will be out .
“ Any psychologist who looks into a 48-year-old guy who exhibits the complex attributes that they have , you would think there is potentially more to this .
“ In their life , they have either been very clever and subtle about their crimes or they are now embarking on a path . ”
In court , the jury were told Dempster gushed over social media that they missed the schoolgirl and repeatedly asked the child to phone him .
They called the child “ babycakes ” and was caught kissing them on the lips on a number of occasions in 2013 .
The court also heard that the police were called when a former colleague of Dempster 's at the Nicholson Centre in Muirhead , Lanarkshire , turned up to work on May 29 , 2013 .
They noticed excrement and paint over the door and window then saw Dempster in their car .
Top news stories today
The court heard Dempster used to work at the leisure centre and had made this woman “ the subject of romantic attention ” .
The other charge of harassing a woman related to 20-year-old Emma Phelan , with whom Dempster worked in the Auchengeich Miners Welfare Club in Moodiesburn , Lanarkshire .
They made advances towards them and they rejected them .
But in July 2013 , Dempster sent Emma a letter declaring their love for them
In it , they told them that they “ dreamt about them and thought about them before they went to bed at night ” .
Despite the police telling them to leaver them alone , Dempster drove past their house days later .
During their investigations into this , police found Dempster had no insurance or MOT certificate .
Sentence was deferred on Dempster for further reports and they were remanded in custody .
The FCIAC will be inducting six new members into its Hall of Fame this year , and the Class of 2017 will be honored at the league 's year-ending banquet this week .
The banquet and awards program will begin at 5:30 p.m. , Thursday , June 15 , at the Norwalk Inn . Tickets may be purchased from schools ' athletic directors or by contacting Pat Spinola at 203-856-7864
This year 's Hall of Fame class includes inductees from seven schools and six towns : Rick Osvick , Barry McLeod , Mike King , Al Malizia , Rob Murray , and Marj Trifine .
Biographies of each Hall of Famer will appear on the FCIAC 's website during the next several days .
Al Malizia , FCIAC Hall of Fame Class of 2017
As a graduate of Stamford Catholic High School ( later known as Trinity Catholic High School ) in 1967 , who would have guessed that Al Malizia would return to their alma mater as a teacher and a coach ?
In 1979 , Malizia began their 22-year tenure as the head coach of the girls varsity volleyball team , during which time they also coached first-year student and JV boys ' basketball , varsity girls ' and boys ' tennis , and was an assistant coach for boys ' golf .
However , it is their time as the Crusaders ' girls ' volleyball coach that really stands out .
In 22 seasons , 17 of them were winning seasons . Malizia led their teams to 16 consecutive FCIAC playoff appearances and 17 consecutive CIAC playoff appearances , amassing an overall record of 274 wins and 154 losses .
Their teams were Class S State champions four times , which includes their perfect 1985 season . Malizia has received many awards for their coaching , including being named CIAC Coach of the Year in 1988 , receiving the Stamford Old Timers Athletics Association 's “ Mickey Lione , Jr ” Award in 2004 , and being inducted into the Connecticut Women 's Volleyball Hall of Fame in 2007 .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Boyzone singer Shane Lynch has made it through to the Celebrity Big Brother final after weeks of living alongside other celebrities , including Ann Widdecombe , Wayne Sleep and Jess Impiazzi .
He 's not had any major dramas or arguments with anyone and has been a bit boring pretty popular housemate . One of their most memorable moments was when they dressed up as Michelle from Destiny 's Child and sang Independent Woman with Malika Haqq and Amanda Barrie .
But who are they and why do we know him ?
Here 's everything you need to know about Shane Lynch .
Celebrity Big Brother finalists CONFIRMED as Amanda Barrie becomes third housemate to be evicted during semi-final
Who is Shane Lynch and where are they from ?
They were born on 3 July 1976 in Donaghmede , Dublin and was named Shane Eamon Mark Stephen Lynch .
Their dad was a mechanic which encouraged their passion for motor racing from an early age and they won the Portugese BMX Championship at just fourteen .
What is Shane famous for ?
( Image : ITV )
( Image : Rex )
In 1993 music mogul Louis Walsh held auditions in Dublin for a new boyband to rival Take That . Shane auditioned and became par t of the band eventually but not before he 'd taken part in the now infamous dance off on RTE 's The Late Late Show with Gay Byrne , which has continued to haunt the band throughout their entire career in the most marvellous of ways .
H became known as the wild ( ish ) one of Boyzone , covered in tattoos with a rather potty mouth that went against the clean cut grain of the group - made up of Ronan Keating , Keith Duffy , Stephen Gately and Mikey Graham .
( Image : Rex )
( Image : Barcroft )
Shane had a fall out with Puff Daddy at the MTV European Music Awards . It happened in the green room , which Puffy wanted all to themselves apparently . According to Shane , Puff banged into them and they shoved back and tried to pinch their silver chain . They admitted in the CBB house that they were drunk at the time .
Boyzone never officially split up but did n't release anything after 1999 until they reformed in 2007 for a reunion tour and released a new single . They remain friends and still perform occasionally . Sadly Stephen Gately died in 2009 from an undetected illness .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
( Image : BBC )
As well as singing , devout Christian Shane has tried their hand at acting , appearing in several pantos , but their love of motor racing has never left them and they continue to compete at a high level .
They have also appeared on Celebrity Masterchef and Jeremy Kyle , where they discussed their life post-Boyzone . They co-owns three barbershops in northern Ireland .
( Image : BBC )
Who are their famous sisters and wives ?
Shane has twin sisters , Keavy and Edele Lynch who were in girl group B * Witched . They also have a younger sister Naomi who was in Buffalo G and another sister Tara who was in FAB
!
( Image : REX )
( Image : Getty )
In 1998 Shane married Easther Bennett , lead singer of nineties girl group Eternal . They split in 2000 and in 2007 Shane went on to marry singer Sheena White , who they had two daughters with , Billie Rae and Marley Mae .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - US President Donald Trump said during an arrival ceremony at the White House on Tuesday for President Emmanuel Macron that they appreciated the partnership of the French in recent strikes on Syria .
`` Along with our British friends , the United States and France recently took decisive action in response to the Syrian regime 's use of chemical weapons . I want to personally thank President Macron , the French military and the French people for their steadfast partnership . They were absolutely incredible , '' Trump said .
The United States , the United Kingdom and France carried out strikes on Syria on April 14 following reports of a chemical weapons attack in the Damascus suburb of Duma , which they believed was carried out by the Syrian government .
READ MORE : French Gov't Spokesman Calls Washington 'Historical Partner ' of Paris
Damascus has refuted the accusations , saying that the chemical attack was staged , and condemned the Western strikes .
For their part , Macron said together the United States and France will defeat terrorism and counter the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
Macron is the first foreign official to be welcomed with a state visit to the White House since Trump took office in January 2017 .
Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature , and Fellow of the Royal Historical Society Sir Max Hastings , journalist , editor , historian and author , speaks at the Gen. Graves B. Erskine Distinguished Lecture Series at the Warner Center , Marine Corps University , Marine Corps Base Quantico , Va. , Jan. 18 , 2017 . The series was established in February 1984 and was instrumental in the development of modern Marine Corps professional military education . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Yasmin D. Perez )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.18.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 10:08 Photo ID : 3167183 VIRIN : 170118-M-RG259-027 Resolution : 4831x3216 Size : 7.35 MB Location : QUANTICO , VA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , MCU ERSKINE LECTURE - WARNER CENTER [ Image 1 of 6 ] , by LCpl Yasmin Perez , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Labour MP moved the House of Commons to tears today , as they told the heartbreaking story of having a stillborn daughter .
Sharon Hodgson 's voice cracked with emotion and colleagues comforted them as they paused several times during their speech .
They explained what happened with their third child Lucy , who was born at 23.5 weeks but was stillborn .
The MP for Washington and Sunderland West said they watched a previous Commons debate on baby loss from their office as they were `` too scared '' to be in the chamber due to how emotional they would get listening .
They added : `` I never felt brave enough or strong enough to do what they did - and I still find it very difficult even now all these years later to even talk about it . ''
Ms Hodgson said they wanted to make the speech to support the law changes despite knowing they would `` end up in floods of tears '' .
Colleagues on the Labour benches could also be seen dabbing their eyes after Ms Hodgson explained what care Lucy would have received if they had been born alive , adding : `` She would have had a birth certificate , they would have been celebrating their 20th birthday this year .
`` But sadly they were stillborn so there was no flashing blue lights , no incubator and no birthday parties ever and , as I found out to my horror , no birth or death certificate .
`` So as I held them in my arms and had to come to terms with what just happened , I also had to come to terms with the fact they officially did not exist and I would not be getting any certificate of their arrival or death .
`` She was three to four days short of the required 24-week legal age . ''
Labour 's Barbara Keeley said : `` It 's very clear Lucy does exist . ''
The emotional scenes emerged during debate on the Civil Partnerships , Marriages and Deaths ( Registration Etc . ) Bill , which includes introducing formal recording for a stillborn child born before 24 weeks gestation and giving coroners the power to investigate late stage stillbirths .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A powerful and moving video of a young boy telling their mother about the horrifying reality of bullying has gone viral , with celebrities around the world offering their support .
In heartbreaking footage posted on Facebook , Keaton Jones - who is being talked about all over Twitter - asks their mum why bullies enjoy targeting innocent people .
Through their tears , they tell them what they have to endure , revealing that bullies cruelly pour milk down them and put ham down their clothes .
Keaton says their bullies call them `` ugly '' and make fun of their nose .
In the emotional video , Keaton asks : `` Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? What 's the point of it ? Why do they enjoy taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them ? It 's not OK . ''
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
When their mum asks what they say to him , the young boy responds : `` They make fun of my nose . They call me ugly . They say I have no friends . ''
They are then heard probing what they do to them at lunch , to which Keaton says : `` Pour milk down me and put ham down my clothes . Throw bread at me . ''
Keaton tells their mum that the bullies `` do it to other people too , '' and through their tears they tell them they do n't know why , and repeats `` it 's not OK '' .
`` People that are different do n't need to be criticised about it . It 's not their fault , '' Keaton adds .
`` If you are made fun of , just do n't let it bother you .
`` Stay strong I guess . It 's hard . But it 'll probably get better one day . ''
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
Posting the moving video on Facebook , their mum Kimberly Jones wrote : `` For the record , Keaton asked to do this AFTER they had they me pick them up AGAIN because they were afraid to go to lunch .
`` My kids are by no stretch perfect , & at home , he 's as all boy as they come , but by all accounts he 's good at school .
`` Talk to your kids . I 've even had friends of mine tell me they 're kids were only nice to them to get them to mess with people .
`` We all know how it feels to want to belong , but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere. ( sic ) . ''
The video has had more than 430,000 shares , gaining sympathy all over the world- including from celebrities .
Patrick J Adams , Meghan Markle 's co-star on Suits , tweeted : `` We hear you KeatonJones .
`` I was bullied constantly growing up . And could never have put into words what you have . It does get better .
`` And it gets better because of who are and what you know and how you share it with all of us . Thank you for your courage . ''
US broadcaster Ryan Seacrest added : `` Keaton Jones , your curiosity and kindness will overcome this moment and bring you many better days to come . ''
Rome , July 4 - Interior Minister and Deputy Premier Matteo Salvini said Wednesday that the 'dignity decree ' presented by Labour and Industry Minister Luigi Di Maio will be amended in parliament . `` It is a good start , '' said Salvini , who is the leader of the rightwing League party . `` Parliament will try to make it more efficient and productive . `` Fighting the relocation ( of production outside Italy ) , fighting gambling and gambling addiction ( by banning betting adverts ) and working on job insecurity , with methods that we will work on in parliament , is a good start '' . Salvini has called for the reintroduction of the so-called vouchers used to pay for occasional work , a system that was recently abolished due to concerns it was being exploited by employers . The interior minister has said the vouchers are needed for seasonal work in the tourism and agriculture sectors .
CAPE TOWN - Two major executives from the Department of Energy , who were suspended for close to a year , still receive salaries that cost tax payers R2.6 million .
Minister of energy Jeff Radebe told Parliament that the officials were suspended for possibly having business interests with the State , according to Fin24 .
Theses interests were not declared and that is not prohibited according to the Public Administration Management Act in 2014 .
Radebe said that the individuals declared their financial interests for the year 2017/ 2018 but did not declare three interests .
Front Plus MP Anton Alberts probed the minister on how many senior management members were on paid suspension .
Minister Radebe acknowledged that two executives were suspended with full pay .
“ There are currently two officials that are suspended on full salary . Both the employees are on post level 15 . One employee was suspended on 19 May 2017 , which is a total of 396 days . The other was suspended on 27 July 2017 , which is a total of 327 days , ” said Radebe .
The Energy minister said that the cost has amounted to R1,453,379.62 and R1,234,357.92 , for each of the suspended officials .
South Africans contribute R1,93 to the RAF for every R16 that the spend on petrol reports Business Insider .
12 % of the petrol price goes towards the RAF that is double the amount in comparison to the 6 % in 2008 .
The fund 's levy on a litre of petrol has increased from 45c in 2008 to R1,93 in 2018 . That is a 330 % increase in a ten year period .
In recent times the RAF has had a hard time paying road accident victims and last year , reported a loss of R34,7 billion .
In comparison , the find received R33,3 billion mostly from the tax on fuel .
Road Accident Fund
In other energy news Radebe disbanded the Road Accident Fund board last week because of serious divisions and dysfunction .
Just recently the Sunday Times reported that the fund spends R500 000 a month to rent 300 chairs .
Around 30 % of the money that South Africans pay for petrol goes to taxes while factors like the global price of Brent crude oil , the strength of the rand against the dollar and transportation costs impact the other 70 % .
When the minister announced the increase in fuel prices they said that the drop in the value of the rand to the dollar had a big influence in the petrol price increase .
According to Radebe , the increase would have 30 % more if the oil prices were not declining .
-BUSINESS REPORT
Monrovia – Ahead of the pending Presidential and Legislative Elections scheduled for October this year , the Inspector General of the Liberia Police Gregory Coleman has assured women aspiring for legislative seats of full Police protection during their campaign process .
IGP Coleman said the Liberia National Police is under full obligation to provide an enabling environment that will encourage women participation in the pending elections , describing them as an important contributor to the current peace the country is experiencing .
Coleman said the Police will not favor any group of people over another , but will provide equal opportunity for all people including women who are intending to participate in the electoral process .
According to an LNP statement , the Police chief admonished the women to be peaceful during the process of elections , adding that the upcoming election is very crucial to the survival of the country 's emerging democracy .
They encouraged them to alert the Police on issues of insecurity that they may encounter during the electoral period , stressing that they will deal with anyone that will want to create an atmosphere of insecurity for women .
“ We will do all we can to protect you , but we also ask you to support our move of promoting peaceful elections , which is good for our country ” , the Inspector General of Police indicated .
The Liberian Police Chief made the statement over the weekend in Gbarnga , Bong County where they met with over one hundred women who are aspiring for legislative seats and their campaign managers .
The training of the women is being done by the National Movement for Transparent Elections .
At the same time , the Liberia National Police has held discussions with citizens of Bong , Nimba , and , Lofa Counties as part of its nationwide tour geared towards promoting peaceful elections in 2017 .
The citizens of the three counties expressed their willingness to support the LNP in promoting peaceful elections , stating that the pending election is historical and crucial to Liberia .
The Bong , Lofa , and Nimba inhabitants called on the Police leadership to increase the number of manpower in their respective counties ahead of the elections .
They said the lack of adequate logistics for local Police officers is bothering the smooth operations of the Police , and want the Police leadership consider addressing the issues confronting the counties ahead of the elections .
For their part , Col. Coleman informed the locals of the three counties of the need to uphold the rule of law during the elections , as the upcoming elections was important for the future of the country .
They said the “ Yes To Peace , No To Violence ” initiative undertaken by the Police is intended to build the confidence of the public in the LNP .
They called on the citizens to support the initiative being promoted by the Liberia National Police , indicating that the move by the Police is intended to take the Police to the people for better cooperation and understanding .
They called on the locals to report any form of Police misconduct that they may experience while interacting with officers assigned in their respective counties .
“ You are encouraged to report any form of misconduct on the part of officers to the Professional Standards Division of the Liberia Police in your county , and I can assure you that appropriate action will be taken against any officer that will be found liable , ” Col. Coleman said .
The Police-citizens dialogue was attended by local officials in the three counties .
The officials reminded the citizens of the role they have to play in promoting the transition process that must be void of violence .
They promised their fullest commitment in working with the Police to promote violence free elections in 2017 .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
And that was just the last 16 !
England is through to the World Cup quarter-finals by the skin of their teeth , after beating Colombia in a penalty shootout after a 1-1 draw they were just seconds from winning in the 90 minutes .
Next up is a Saturday afternoon quarter-final against a Sweden side that won a group with champions Germany in it , then beat a Switzerland team that held favourites Brazil to a draw .
Our Darren Lewis watched Tuesday afternoon 's 1-0 in St Petersburg , knowing its winners would face the Three Lions if they also got through .
Here 's what they made of a side making a decent fist of life without You Know Who up front ...
STRENGTHS They are very well organised defensively and hard to break down with a strong work ethic .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
Their patience makes them extremely frustrating for teams keen to play against them on the counter-attack . The Sweden players are particularly keen to prove their collective quality and did that by topping their group in the early stages against the odds .
Look out for the runs of midfielder Albin Ekdal , who has a knack of finding space within shooting range .
WEAKNESSES To be fair , Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have wiped Switzerland out with the chances squandered by Marcus Berg and Albin Ekdal here . Berg 's finishing in particular was woeful .
In the full-back areas , the suspension of experienced Celtic star Mikael Lustig against England will be a big blow .
Sweden 's decision-making in the final third can also be ponderous and could cost them dear when they play superior opposition .
STAR MAN The Swedes benefit hugely from the leadership and the defensive stability of their skipper , centre-back Andreas Granqvist .
( Image : Getty )
They were playing in this game despite their wife being due to give birth any day now .
Granqvist 's partnership with Manchester United 's Victor Lindelhof provides the foundation for Janne Anderson 's side success . They are helped hugely by the industry of Gustav Svensson and Albin Ekdal in front of them .
But the man main is Emil Forsberg , whose clever link play is able to open up defences for their team-mates to cash in . Their goal was totally deserved .
FAMILIAR NAMES Celtic full-back Lustig misses Saturday 's game through suspension . But Lindelof will start , alongside captain and former Wigan defender Granqvist .
( Image : Getty )
Forward Ola Toivonen , who has a loan spell at Sunderland three years ago , will also be in the side . Former Manchester City , Stoke , Celtic and Burnley striker John Guidetti will be on the bench .
MANAGER Janne Andersson has done superbly to rebuild the Sweden team post-Zlatan and has been rewarded with their best results in a decade .
They were hugely unfortunate to fall victim to Toni Kroos ' winner for Germany in their group game after drilling their men to show so stay disciplined in the face of the firepower brought to bear by the defending champions . But they responded by topping the group and reaching the last eight .
No wonder the fans were chanting their name here .
Though a brief 'date announcement ' teaser was released last month , Netflix has finally dropped its first full trailer for the highly-anticipated second season of Marvel 's Jessica Jones .
There 's a lot to unpack in this intrigue-filled trailer , including a new case that requires Jones ( Krysten Ritter ) to investigate the origin of their own mysterious superpowers .
Trish Walker ( Rachael Taylor ) is also back , and if this trailer is any indication , the talkback radio host will be embracing their role as Jessica Jones ' butt-kicking sidekick , known to comic fans as Hellcat .
As expected , the trailer is filled with fights and explosions , but it 's the surprise appearance of an old adversary that will likely leave fans jonesing for more .
Thankfully , we wo n't have to wait long – Jessica Jones season 2 will arrive on Netflix in its entirety on March 8 , 2018 . Check out the new trailer below .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A police officer who persuaded a pregnant heroin user to let them adopt their unborn child has revealed they are 40 days sober - and they have won praise from US President Donald Trump .
Ryan Holets , 27 , adopted the child , named Hope , in October after busting their mother , Crystal Champ , the month before when they were shooting up heroin with their partner while eight months pregnant .
Their actions have been widely praised and were thrust under the spotlight this week when the US President drew attention to them in their State of the Union address .
The father-of-five had hit the headlines after it was revealed that they wife Rebecca had officially adopted Hope and were fundraising to help Crystal and partner , Tom Key , beat their drug addiciton .
( Image : GoFundMe/Tom Key and Crystal Champ )
( Image : GoFundMe/Tom Key and Crystal Champ )
( Image : GoFundMe/Tom Key and Crystal Champ )
Speaking to CNN this week , Ryan said : `` I lose track of time with everything that 's going on ... I was recently talking to Crystal on the phone and they were saying she 's excited because their 40 days mark is coming up .
`` So I do n't know if it 's past 40 days or just about there . But 40 days sober , that 's incredible . ''
Ryan had spotted Crystal and Tom shooting up heroin in broad daylight when responding to a theft at a convenience store in Albuquerque , New Mexico , in September .
Bodycam footage showed them confront the expectant mother , telling them they would `` ruin '' their baby .
Crystal told Ryan they hoped someone would adopt their child the then father-of-four offered to help .
( Image : GoFundMe/Tom Key and Crystal Champ )
( Image : GoFundMe/Tom Key and Crystal Champ )
( Image : Reuters )
But the journey has not been easy with Crystal 's drug use meaning Hope suffered from withdrawals and had to undergo methadone treatment after birth .
Crystal and Tom have been in rehab since December and Ryan is sending them picture updates . They said that they and wife Rebecca hope that they want them to continue to see them
A GoFundMe page is raising money for 12 months worth of housing and living expenses for the pair .
( Image : GoFundMe/Tom Key and Crystal Champ )
Trump said on Tuesday that Ryan had helped break down walls `` between drug addicts and police officers to help save lives . ''
`` As we have seen tonight , the most difficult challenges bring out the best Americans .
`` Ryan and Rebecca , you embody the goodness of our nation . Thank you , '' they added .
HMRC says it has stopped one million visits to deceptive websites that redirect users to expensive helplines , claiming to be official communications channels .
Whereas HMRC 's official numbers are either free or charge the standard rate , these malicious numbers use a call forwarding service that redirects people to the genuine helpline , causing them to rack up significant phone bills .
HMRC scams
Many users find these sites by searching for HMRC in search engines . By challenging the ownership , HMRC have actually been able to seize control of 75 sites and redirect them to the official one . In addition , there have been more than 20,000 takedown requests in the past year .
“ HMRC takes the abuse of its brand very seriously , ” said Angela MacDonald , HMRC Director for Customer Services . “ Attempts to dupe customers in this way wo n't be tolerated and we will always act to protect the public from malicious or misleading websites . ”
Do passwords have a future in cybersecurity ? Yes
Yes , but as a first line of defence
No , but they should not be phased out yet
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Given the fact that many people contact HMRC with financial queries , it has been a common agency to impersonate by cybercriminals . Indeed , a number of spam campaigns have seen emails claiming to be from HMRC , demanding users hand over sensitive data to settle outstanding bills or to claim a refund .
HMRC said it also publishes information on Gov.UK to help the public identify such schemes .
Recently , a security researcher claimed to have discovered two serious flaws on the HMRC website .
Quiz : What do you know about cybersecurity in 2017 ?
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mother who 's charging kids to attend their twins ' birthday party was almost universally slammed when they first sat down on This Morning .
Single mum Ruma Ali , 29 , is hosting a party for the twins , Shiyan and Kiyan , and invited 60 of their classmates from their primary school in Leicester .
This caused controversy after one parent anonymously criticised them on Facebook , but they took to the Morning sofa to defend their position .
And surprisingly , Ruma actually managed to convince the majority of viewers that charging kids to attend was a `` brilliant idea '' as it 's actually cheaper than buying two gifts .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : Leicester Mercury/Ruma Ali )
Ruma , who is in their second year at De Montford University studying for a degree , is asking parents to contribute £6 towards the £11 cost per child of the party at a soft play centre .
They explained that they made the decision as the boys , who have special needs , are in two separate classes so have a lot of friends and they did n't want anyone to miss out .
Speaking to Eamonn and Ruth , they said : `` I spoke to the parents and said I 'm organising this party . I want to invite every child in the class , 60 children , they 're in different classes .
`` It 's not that I ca n't afford it , I can , the parents said if you do n't want presents please let us contribute . I said that 's alright contribute half . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : Leicester Mercury/Ruma Ali )
Putting forward their case , Ruma argued that it was better than their children having 30 presents each that they do n't need .
While every child will get a gift bag and have fun at the soft play centre with bumper cars and hot food .
They said : `` Out of the 60 it was one person , an anonymous person , who had a problem and had this rant on social media . ''
Ruma added : `` It 's my way of doing it . It 's a different way . I 'm teaching my children they should contribute and not expect other people to pay for things . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
This Morning viewers were divided on Twitter , but lots backed Ruma 's decision .
One viewer said : `` I like their idea . Especially since their children has special needs . They would be buying presents anyway so what difference does it make ? ''
Another added : `` I do n't think this lady on This Morning has done anything wrong , it 's better than getting loads of unwanted presents ''
A third said : `` At first I thought it was very rude but after hearing the explanation I think it 's a brilliant idea ! ''
* This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10.30am
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting , explains motive
1:55 Godspeed , John Glenn : 1921-2016
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days , their moment in the movies
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
Photo : iStock
Mumbai : Life can throw lemons anytime , and getting caught off guard is not a nice feeling . It is true for money as well . Hence , one of the key financial goals for any individual is to create an emergency fund .
A job loss , pay cut , medical emergency or divorce , all these can derail you financially . In such situations , an emergency fund can act as a cushion .
Here is how you should plan for it :
How much do you need ?
An emergency fund depends on your expenses and income . The idea is to have enough money in case you do n't have your regular income or you can fund immediately without disturbing your current lifestyle and investments . The thumb rule is to have at least three to six months of your cash flow as emergency fund . For instance , say your monthly expense , including rent , grocery , travel expense and school fees of your children , comes to Rs50,000 .
At any given point , you should have at least Rs1.5 lakh to Rs3 lakh as emergency fund with you .
“ If there is a job loss or for some reason you are not able to go to work , the emergency fund will help you tide over the bad times . It will also not disturb your other financial goals , ” said Surya Bhatia , a New-Delhi based financial planner .
The emergency fund will help you continue with your other long-term investments . Many people dip into investments they have set aside for their child 's education or retirement in case of an emergency , which upsets their overall financial plan .
How to save and invest ?
You can start by calculating how much you need and then keep aside money on a monthly basis . For instance , if it is Rs1.5 lakh , you can start by keeping aside Rs5,000Rs10,000 every month . Another point you must remember is that you should be able to access your emergency fund easily . Hence , it should be left in a product that you can liquidate quickly .
For your emergency fund , avoid putting money in products that have a lock-in period . You do n't want to be stuck with no money despite saving enough or paying a penalty for premature withdrawal . You also do n't want the money to lie around and earn no returns . When you keep aside money for emergency , make sure it earns you good returns .
Many people end up leaving money in their saving account for emergency purposes . You should n't simply do this . A bank saving account will give you a 3.5 % return annually , which is very low and is also taxable . You can either keep it in a bank fixed deposit or in liquid mutual funds .
When to use it ?
Just because you saved money does n't mean you use it to fulfil your impulsive needs . An expensive dress or a holiday is not an emergency . Emergency is not a desire , but a need—something you ca n't delay and is urgent .
You should be able to identify emergencies to avoid disturbing your financial life , despite saving money . In case you have used the money from the emergency fund kitty , start the process again and reload it . This way you will be able to tide through choppy waters .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Danny Dyer was said to have convinced estrange wife Joanne Mas to give their marriage another shot .
But rather than being spotted leaving the family home in Essex , the EastEnders actor was instead seen leaving their bachelor pad in north London on Thursday , which they moved into in July after their marriage reportedly collapsed .
And despite their best efforts to quit the ciggies , Danny , 40 , - who was pictured vaping in June - appeared to be well and truly back on the durries as they drove their Porsche away from their £1,700 a month pad .
( Image : WireImage )
Mirror Online has contacted Danny 's reps for comment .
It comes after they headed out for a slap-up meal down the West End on September 19 to celebrate signing a two-year contract with the soap , but Joanne was nowhere to be seen .
Earlier this year , the couple 's 20-year relationship looked to be over after the actor seemingly moved out of the marital home amid claims that they have a fling with Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding on the set of 2012 movie , Run For Your Wife .
But it was believed that Danny had managed to convince Joanne , who he 's known since they were 14 , to give their marriage another shot after celebrating their one year wedding anniversary together on September 3 .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : PA )
The couple have three children . They married last September after Joanne proposed .
Meanwhile , Danny will remain with EastEnders for at least another two years after signing a new deal with the BBC .
He 's been a fan favourite since joining the soap as Mick Carter back in 2013 and Danny reportedly signed the new deal during a meeting with soap boss John Yorke last week .
An insider told the Daily Star : “ The last year has been a bit up and down for Danny and their character Mick . ''
( Image : BBC )
( Image : 5545 )
The source added : `` His on-screen wife Kellie Bright was off on maternity leave for a lot of it , so there was only so much they could do with him .
`` But he 's had a meeting with John and is very excited about everything he 's got planned for Mick . It 's a slightly different path for their character – there 's going to be bother .
`` It 's all top secret but fans wo n't be disappointed , especially as Danny has signed for two years . ”
( Image : BBC )
Despite the reports , Danny reportedly told fans on set this week : “ This takes up my life this does . I ai n't signed yet . I 'm meant to sign in October but I might elbow it . ”
Danny has suffered a troublesome year with the soap . in February , they took time off after suffering from exhaustion due to their heavy work schedule and reported hard partying .
They returned to the soap in April .
SAN DIEGO — One year after Mathieu Bergeron died in a tragic skateboarding accident , their mother and girlfriend were able to hear their heartbeat once again .
Bergeron was an organ donor , and after their death in May 2017 , the 20-year-old North County man 's heart helped save the life of Dr. Murray Alsip .
Alsip had suffered from a heart condition that made it difficult for them to walk and , at times , even breathe — but today they are healthy , and reunited with Bergeron 's loved ones . With the help of a stethoscope , Bergeron 's mother , Jhade Li , and girlfriend , Jessica Wallach , heard Mathieu 's heartbeat inside Alsip 's chest for the first time Tuesday .
“ It 's kind of indescribable really … I knew the day would come , but when the day comes , it 's just such a transformation that you ca n't express in words , ” Alsip said of finally meeting their donor 's family .
The meeting was arranged by Lifesharing , an organ donation group serving San Diego and Imperial counties .
Lifesharing says more than 2,000 people like Alsip are currently on the transplant waiting list in the San Diego area . One person can save eight lives through organ donation and heal as many as 75 others through eye and tissue donation , according to the group .
You can learn more and register to become a donor here .
Mukesh Ambani-owned RIL has significant exposure to the US financial system , where it operates some subsidiaries that are linked to its oil and telecom businesses among others . Photo : Reuters
New Delhi/London : Reliance Industries Ltd ( RIL ) , owner of the world 's biggest refining complex , plans to halt oil imports from Iran , two sources familiar with the matter said , in a sign that new US sanctions are forcing buyers to shun oil purchases from Tehran .
RIL 's move , expected to take effect in October or November , came after US President Donald Trump abandoned a 2015 nuclear agreement this month and ordered the reimposition of US sanctions on Tehran .
Some sanctions take effect after a 90-day “ wind-down ” period ending on 6 August , and the rest , notably on the petroleum sector , after a 180-day “ wind-down period ” ending on 4 November .
India has said it does not follow US sanctions but companies with links to the US financial system could be liable to penalties if they do not comply .
RIL , an Indian conglomerate controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani , has significant exposure to the financial system of US , where it operates some subsidiaries that are linked to its oil and telecom businesses among others .
RIL , whose modern refining complex at Jamnagar in Gujarat can process about 1.4 million barrels per day ( bpd ) of crude , has told officials of the National Iranian Oil Co. ( NIOC ) that the firm would stop oil imports from Tehran in October or November , one of the sources said .
A second source said the company could halt imports from Iran earlier than that if European nations and Tehran failed to salvage the nuclear deal .
This source said that some insurance companies have asked RIL to end exposure to Iran before November . Global insurers have already warned about doing business with Iran while some shipping lines have said they would not take new bookings for Iran .
US has threatened to impose sanctions on European companies that do business with Iran .
In the interim period until it stops buying Iranian oil , RIL has asked NIOC to supply Iranian oil in vessels owned by National Iranian Tanker Co. ( NITC ) , the sources said .
The sources did not wish to be identified as the matter is sensitive . Reliance did not respond to an email from Reuters seeking comment .
In 2017 , RIL 's oil imports from Iran surged by about 45 % to 67,000 bpd , according to ship tracking data . In Jan-April 2018 , the company has imported about 96,000 bpd .
Rethinking Dealings
Washington 's withdrawal from the nuclear deal has spurred global insurers and other companies to rethink their dealings in Iran as they await further guidance from US and European Union .
Earlier this month French energy giant Total said it might quit a multi-billion-dollar gas project if it could not secure a waiver from US sanctions .
Italy 's Eni , which last June signed a provisional agreement with Tehran to conduct oil and gas feasibility studies , has said it had no plans for new projects in Iran .
RIL , which deals with some of the top-notch foreign bankers with huge exposure to the US financial system , exports fuel to the United States and imports ethane from there for its petrochemical plants .
Trade sources have said Reliance recently bought up to 8 million barrels of US crude .
After a gap of six years , Reliance resumed purchases from Iran in 2016 when Western powers eased restrictions on trade with Iran in return for Iran agreeing to end its disputed nuclear programme .
During previous sanctions NIOC waived a condition for its oil buyers to open letters of credit .
Since the lifting of sanctions , it has been selling oil in euros , a move that has allowed companies to temporarily continue dealing with Iran , despite the US move to reimpose sanctions .
Iran is also offering deep discounts on sales to recoup market share in Asia , lost to key rivals Saudi Arabia and Iraq .
The company 's global depository receipts are traded in the US market . It is also the first Asian company to float 50- and 100-year bonds on the US debt market , according to its annual report .
LOGAN , W.Va. — The family of 12 year old Nick Knox has consistently stood together to fight is diagnosis of Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia .
Nick and their family are natives of Logan but moved to Cross Lanes , W.Va. where Nick is home-schooled from Cross Lanes Elementary .
Nick receives weekly chemotherapy treatments as well as monthly bone marrow checks and blood transfusions .
Nick will continue chemotherapy treatments for more than a year .
To help cover the various and constant expenses associated with Nick 's cancer , the family has staged fundraising basketball games and tournaments throughout 2015 and 2016 .
The family staged fundraisers across the southern portion of the West Virginia even bringing the And 1 Streetball Kings basketball team and Sirius/XM 's DJ Formula to fundraising events .
The family has continued their push to raise money to help in Nick 's fight this year with a bowling tournament .
A “ Strikin ' for Nick ” bowling tournament is scheduled for February 18 at Plaza Lanes in Logan .
The tourney will begin at 2 p.m , and the entry fee is $ 25 per bowler .
The tournament will feature two contests for beginners and experienced bowlers who participate in league play .
Everyone who participates in the tournament will also receive a t-shirt .
For more information about the tourney , call 304-687-4553 .
http : //loganbanner.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_bowling-loogo-CMYK.jpg
By Owen Wells [ email protected ]
Owen Wells is a reporter for Civitas Media . They can be reached at 304-752-6950 or by email at [ email protected ]
Owen Wells is a reporter for Civitas Media . They can be reached at 304-752-6950 or by email at [ email protected ]
Residents are being warned to take care as the region prepares to be hit by “ hazardous ” icy conditions tonight .
The “ yellow ” warning , issued by the Met Office for the East Midlands , warns residents that roads and pavements will become very slippery as temperatures fall below freezing this evening ( Monday , January 2 ) .
“ Please be aware that untreated surfaces , such as pavements and some minor roads , are likely to turn very slippery later Monday night and on Tuesday morning . A little freezing fog patches are also possible , ” the warning reads .
“ A very cold night is in store , and as moister air comes in contact with cold surfaces later , the potential for a lot of frost to form , rendering some surfaces hazardous . ”
`` How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment ? '' That 's the question Charlottesville , Va. , Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday .
And it 's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend 's violence in Charlottesville .
Around the country , white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy . As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists , the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence .
State and local officials prepared for Saturday 's protests in Charlottesville , which were known about for months . But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town , and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians , killing one and injuring 19 , many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future .
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe told NPR 's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted , but that they were foiled by a federal judge 's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville 's Emancipation Park .
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park , in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park , which offered more open space .
`` That was the place it should have been . We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us , '' McAuliffe said . `` That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [ people ] dispersed all over the city streets , and it became a powder keg . We 've got to look at these permits , and we 've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters . ''
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city 's fault because it mounted a weak legal case .
`` The Governor 's anger about what happened is understandable , '' ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR . `` We are angry , too . The situation that occurred was preventable , and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it . ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution . That it failed to do so is on the City , not us . ''
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police .
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did `` a magnificent job , '' and said the potential for violence had been high .
`` They had to be very careful , '' the governor said . `` We had been planning for this for a while . We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed . I 've never seen so many weapons . These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing . They had body armor , helmets . I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets . ''
`` [ If ] one person fired one shot , it would have been a melee , and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags . None of that happened . ''
`` Think of this , '' McAuliffe said . `` Not one window was shattered , not one ounce of property damage , not one shot fired , and not one person went to the hospital , except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist . Which , you ca n't , you know – there 's no preparation 's that 's gon na prepare for some nut , some murderer , who 's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd . ''
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response .
`` There was no police presence , '' Brittany Caine-Conley , a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest , told The New York Times . `` We were watching people punch each other ; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park , watching . It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other . ''
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West , who was also at the protest , told The Washington Post `` the police did n't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community , the clergy . ''
To Unite The Right rally 's organizer , Jason Kessler , was also critical . `` Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge . CPD did n't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit , '' they tweeted . `` Inside the park was peaceful . Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together . ''
White nationalist Richard Spencer , another organizer , said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally . `` We came here as a demonstration of our movement , '' Spencer told the Post . `` And we were effectively thrown to the wolves . ''
The ACLU 's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday , which they said `` was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence . ''
`` I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police , '' said Hastings . `` They did not respond . In fact , law enforcement was standing passively by , waiting for violence to take place , so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency , declare an 'unlawful assembly ' and clear the area . ''
Charles Ramsey , who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington , D.C. , told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators `` need to be in sight and sound of each other , but somebody has to be in between .... That 's usually the police . ''
`` The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people do n't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it , '' they said .
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned .
Lt. Joseph Hatter , a commander with the Charlottesville police , told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas . `` It did n't work , did it ? '' they admitted . `` I think there was a plan to have them separated . They did n't want to be separated . ''
They told the newspaper that they do n't know that police waited to react to the violence . `` I think we did the best we could under the circumstances . ''
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue , and to be argued in court .
On Friday , a federal judge granted a temporary injunction , ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park .
In their opinion , Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville 's decision to revoke their permit was content-based .
`` Kessler 's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit , but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors , '' Conrad wrote . `` The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants ' decision to revoke Kessler 's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him . This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence , including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler 's political viewpoint . ''
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler 's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration , `` their concerns in this regard are purely speculative . '' They added , `` there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration . ''
Following the events in Charlottesville , those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence .
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage , as some did this weekend in Charlottesville .
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights .
`` We 've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe , '' they said . `` The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us . ''
And the ACLU 's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use , they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution : `` It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville . ''
© cleveland.com / YouTube
Cleveland officials have asked Steve Stephens , who randomly killed a 74-year-old man , to surrender , as the manhunt has spread to four more states . Stephens ' former girlfriend is in protective custody.Cleveland police launched a citywide manhunt for Stephens , 37 , saying they are armed and dangerous . Police believe they are driving a white Ford Fusion sedan with a temporary license plate . Late Sunday , police speculated that Stephens could have traveled out of Ohio , asking residents to stay alert in the nearby states of Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana , and Michigan.Police in Erie , Pennsylvania told ABC News `` that they had been notified of a ping detected from Stephens ' cell phone on the east side of Erie County , '' and that they could be in the northwestern Pennsylvania or western New York areas.The FBI is involved in the investigation . Stephens `` could be nearby , they could be far away , anywhere in between , '' said Stephen D. Anthony , special agent in charge of the FBI in Cleveland .
On Sunday , Stephens approached Robert Godwin Sr. in the Glenville neighborhood of Cleveland , Ohio , and , seemingly '' She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you , '' Stephens told Godwin before pointing a gun at him.Stephens recorded the interaction , then posted the video on Facebook , according to reports . The video was taken off of Facebook nearly three hours after it was first posted . The recording below , posted by cleveland.com , is footage of the interaction between Stephens and Godwin that does not include the fatal gunshot.Watch video here Police have not substantiated Stephens ' claim that they had killed several other people , the Plain Dealer reported . `` Right now we 're looking for one suspect in one shooting , '' a police source said.Lane has been taken into protective custody by Cleveland police , according to the Plain Dealer . They have been `` fully cooperative '' with the investigation , a police source said . Lane told CBS News that they were Stephens ' longtime partner and that they are `` sorry '' for what has transpired . `` We had been in a relationship for several years . I am sorry that all of this has happened . My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim ( s ) . Steve really is a nice guy ... they are generous with everyone they know . They were kind and loving to me and my children . This is a very difficult time for me and my family Please respect our privacy at this time , '' they said.Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson has urged Stephens to surrender and to not `` do any more harm to anybody . `` `` Any problems they are having , we can have a conversation , '' Jackson said.Godwin 's son told WOIO that their father was `` a good guy . `` `` He would give you the shirt off their back , '' the man said . `` I 'm not just saying that for these cameras . ... This man , right here , was a good man and I hate that he 's gone . `` A spokesperson for Facebook said in addition to the removal of the graphic video from the social media site , Stephens ' Facebook page has also been disabled . `` This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , '' a spokesperson for Facebook told CBS News . `` We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ''
Texas Supreme Court justices are hearing case about the right to sue religious schools over child abuse claims . The Texas Supreme Court
“ Analysts are pouring cold water on a report that Apple Inc. plans to use next-generation , OLED screens for all of its new iPhone models next year , ” Min Jeong Lee and Debby Wu report for Bloomberg . “ The article in South Korea 's Electronic Times , if true , would be negative for major manufacturers like Japan Display Inc. and Sharp Corp. , which build LCDs that are used in many phones , but a positive for OLED technology makers like Universal Display Corp. Japan Display shares fell 8 percent Tuesday , while Sharp declined 3 percent . Universal Display shares climbed 4 percent . ”
“ There are several reasons why Apple 's switch to all-OLED phones is unlikely , ” Lee and Wu report . “ JPMorgan analyst Jay Kwon said it 's too early for Apple to make such a decision and the OLED screens would make the devices more expensive , defeating the purpose of a cheaper LCD model due out later this year . ”
“ Using only organic light-emitting diode screens for iPhones would also be challenging , given the sheer volume that Apple sells : 216 million devices in 2017 . Samsung Display Co. , part of Samsung Electronics Co. , is the sole supplier of OLED screens for high-end Apple phones , but the manufacturer also uses them for its own smartphones , limiting supplies . Other OLED screen makers , like LG Display Co. , have n't shown the ability to churn out Samsung-like capacities , ” Lee and Wu report . “ Apple is also working on its own technology for displays , people with knowledge of the plans have said . Called MicroLED , the screens use different light-emitting compounds than the current OLED displays and promise to make future gadgets slimmer , brighter and less power-hungry . ”
Read more in the full article here .
I 'm not sure whether I have yet written here about why I 'm not wild about the newly popular term “ deep state , ” which has become shorthand for the longer term I and many others have been using for a long time—the “ administrative state. ” The two terms overlap , but are not essentially the same thing .
The “ administrative state ” refers to the Progressive constitutionalism that consciously seeks to supplant democratic self-government with rule by experts in permanent agencies , neatly skirting the principle of the separation of powers . The “ deep state ” is actually a term of foreign origin ( usually Turkey ) that refers to what the left used to call the “ national security state , ” that is , a cabal of the military and intelligence communities . It is a curious thing that an idea that once was the province of the left has become the property of the populist right . After all , it used to be the left that hated the FBI ; now it 's our side .
The point is , the “ administrative state ” is a different thing than what is meant , narrowing speaking , by “ deep state. ” We could fix one without affecting the other .
That is not to say that the idea of the “ deep state ” is without merit . To the contrary , this revealing tweet from CNN shows why the idea of the “ deep state ” has gained traction :
All such persons in the FBI who actually think this should be fired forthwith .
See if you can name the most frequently mentioned Harry Potter characters with this tricky quiz
Was Ron mentioned more , or Hermione ? Only Harry Potter experts will get full marks on this quiz
First footage of Drake and JLO together
How Khloe Kardashian went from fat to fit
Azealia Banks shows us the cupboard where they kil
Sydney tribute to Prince in their New Years Eve f
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mariah Carey 's lip-sync disaster has sparked a war of words which is becoming even more epic than their on-stage meltdown .
Sources at the pop diva 's camp reportedly told TMZ they believe Dick Clark Productions , the TV company behind the Times Square show , deliberately sabotaged their performance to boost ratings .
Carey had complained of problems with an earpiece earlier in the evening but was ignored , it was claimed .
Them spokesperson Nicole Pence was quoted by Billboard magazine as saying that producers `` set them up to fail . ''
Now Dick Clark Productions have hit back , calling the suggestion `` defamatory '' as well as `` outrageous and frankly absurd '' .
`` In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television , however , our initial investigation has indicated that DCP had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey 's New Year 's Eve performance , '' the company said in a statement .
`` We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry , '' it added .
The star herself , seems have seen the funny side of their botched headline performance in front of millions on New Years Eve , telling fans : `` S * * t happens '' .
Them tweet was accompanied with a sad face emoji and a crying with laughter emoji along with an exploding party popper and a GIF .
Carey lost the plot after their attempts to lip-sync completely fell apart , crying : `` I 'm trying to be a good sport here . ''
It 's believed the wrong song was played and Carey could n't hear what they should have been singing on stage .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : REUTERS )
With a face of thunder , they stropped around the stage saying : `` 'We did n't have a check for this song ... we 're missing some of the vocals , but it is what it is .
`` I 'm just going to let the audience sing . ''
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : REUTERS )
`` We did n't have a sound check for this New Year 's baby , it is what it is . ''
`` Get these monitors on please . ''
During a second song , they frequently gave the mic to audience members in the front row , before saying to one of their backing dancers : `` Just for laughs , do the lift . ''
Carey added : `` I wanted a holiday too , ca n't I just have one . ''
As many as 2 million people , surrounded by a ring of 40-ton sand trucks and some 7,000 police , gathered in the `` Crossroads of the World '' to watch the glittering sphere complete its minute-long drop , marking the beginning of 2017 .
( Photo : Reuters )
( Photo : Getty )
With the throng counting down the seconds , the crystal-paned ball slid with smooth precision down its pole , mounted on a tower at the head of the plaza . At the stroke of midnight , it touched home , illuminating a giant `` 2017 '' sign and sending a shower of fireworks into the sky .
The sights and sounds were experienced by a veritable sea of humanity , sectioned off in block after block of temporary corrals set up to better control the crowd .
( Photo : REUTERS )
Millions of others around the world watched the spectacle on television and the internet .
Despite the heavy police presence , or perhaps because of it , thousands of people , many from overseas , arrived early to be dazzled by the flashing signage and entertained by live musical performances by Carey as well as Thomas Rhett and Gloria Estefan .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Detectives are trying to piece together the last hours of a schoolboy who died on a bus in a bid to solve the mysterious tragedy .
Blake Ross , 13 , was discovered collapsed on a number four bus at 4pm on Monday in central Edinburgh after vanishing from their home in the Howdenhall area of the Scottish capital on Saturday .
The lad , who was diabetic and needed daily medication , was rushed to the city 's Royal Hospital for Sick Children but died hours later , reports the Daily Record .
But last night police were treating the death as unexplained following a major search after they went missing without theirs medication .
Blake , who has four brothers , was under an “ open care arrangement ” with the city council 's social work department and went to school in a special unit .
The local authority is also probing the death riddle .
A source said : “ An open care arrangement is when a child needs some kind of support , either at home or with education . They were schooled in a unit but was living elsewhere . ”
Edinburgh City Council said : “ We are deeply shocked at Blake 's sudden death and our thoughts are with their family .
( Photo : Daily Record )
“ We will continue to liaise closely with Police Scotland as they carry out their enquiries .
“ The Care Inspectorate has been informed and there will be a multi-agency significant case review , commissioned by Edinburgh Child Protection Committee , in accordance with our procedures . ”
The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner ( PIRC ) will look into police involvement in the case .
Police Scotland said : “ As in all matters concerning police contact before death , we will provide any necessary assistance to the PIRC . ”
Tributes have poured in for the youngster who was an avid Hearts FC fan , whose disappearance sparked a huge response on social media sites .
Blake 's aunt Karen Robertson wrote online : “ Would like to thank everyone for sharing .
“ Without social media we would not have found him . So from all the family , thank you .
Karen added : “ Love you to the moon and back wee man . Love , Aunty Karen and Uncle Allan xx . ”
It was initially understood that Blake had been found safe and well , and those reports added to the shock of some mourners .
CarolAnn Blaikie wrote : “ I was so happy when it was reported Blake had been found ! RIP Blake . Thoughts with their family . ”
Carra Turnbull added : “ Blake was so kind to my daughter and helped them when they had karate together . ”
Superintendent Lesley Clark of Police Scotland 's Edinburgh Division said : “ This is a tragic death of a young boy and our thoughts are with Blake 's family at this very difficult time .
“ We will be working with our relevant partners to provide them with all the support and assistance they require .
“ In addition , we will be continuing our investigation to establish the full circumstances surrounding Blake 's death .
“ We would ask anyone with information about Blake 's movements between the afternoon of Saturday February 11 and Monday February 13 to contact us on 101 . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
London 's airports have fared poorly in testing of their free wifi systems - with a new study revealing speeds are getting slower and still lag behind others around the world .
While Stansted ranked first in a recent study with a top speed of 6.4Mbps , finishing well ahead of its competitors , it was almost 10 times slower than some of the highest speeds seen in Europe and the US .
Gatwick 's free public wifi fared the worst of the five airports included in the study with a speed of just 0.4Mbps , slightly slower than Luton and Heathrow .
The findings in the independent study by London-based Thinkbroadband.com will likely come as no surprise to passengers who were stymied by frustratingly slow speeds when they tried to download content before boarding .
( Photo : Thinkbroadband.com )
With these speeds it would take around 20 minutes to download a `` high quality '' 60-minute programme at Stansted .
At Gatwick the same download would take five hours to complete .
Thinkbroadband co-founder Seb Lahtinen told Mirror Online : `` I would n't say that any of these speeds were good speeds . Generally speaking they are disappointing .
`` What matters more to people who are flying is they want to download a TV show or film before a flight that they can watch on board the plane .
`` Having fast wifi is important from that aspect . It should be a basic part of the airport experience . ''
During their travels Thinkbroadband staff have tested wifi speeds at airports around the world .
Mr Lahtinen said they found speeds of up to 60Mbps ( megabits per second ) in the US and up to 50Mbps at Helsinki 's airport , although the latter has come down to around 20Mbps recently .
Airports tend to keep their free wifi at slower speeds to push passengers towards paid packages that offer faster and more reliable service .
( Photo : Getty Images )
Tests conducted last November revealed that the free wifi services at all but one of London 's five major airports were worse than the previous year , while the other one showed no change .
Stansted 's speed of 6.4Mbps was down from 8.1Mbps in 2015 , although it has extended its free usage from one to four hours , while London City , which was second at 2.7Mbps , was down from 4.5Mbps .
Heathrow was third with a speed of 1Mbps , which was unchanged from 2015 .
Luton , however , saw a dramatic decrease from 4.5Mbps in 2015 to 0.9Mbps in 2016 .
Gatwick saw a slight decrease , from a measly 0.5Mbps to 0.4Mbps .
By comparison the average broadband speed at home is 25Mbps , said Mr Lahtinen .
The team from Thinkbroadband spent around an hour in each airport , carrying out about two dozen tests in each one .
They checked wifi speeds in multiple locations using laptop and tablet computers and smartphones .
Mr Lahtinen said : `` More and more people are relying on broadband to do their work or to download a show before a flight .
`` I work remotely most of the time so faster broadband speeds are very important to me . ''
The study did n't analyse separate wifi services offered by lounges , restaurants or shops , which usually require a first or business class ticket or payment .
There are ways to get faster wifi without having to pay a fee or for a service or meal .
At Heathrow , for example , passengers have access to a faster 3Mbps service if they log in using their Twitter account or sign up to its rewards scheme .
Mirror Online has contacted the airports for comment .
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
On our first date , Balao stood me up .
I 'd made reservations under one of my ever-evolving pseudonyms and arranged to meet friends . But when we walked up to the hostess station at Burwell 's , the downstairs neighbor and gatekeeper of the rooftop location , we were met with a confused look . `` It 's closed , '' they stated , gesturing vaguely at the outside world behind us . `` It rained earlier . ''
The same thing happened a few days later , only this time it was clearly stormy , so I did n't even try .
For all of its charms , Balao is a fair weather friend , a tough sell in a climate where rain is a near-daily occurrence . Nonetheless , when the sun is shining and the rooftop is as accessible as it will ever be ( take your pick of notably steep staircases to get you there ) , Balao more than makes up for any flakiness .
I started with the ceviche — ( $ 12 at happy hour/ $ 15 otherwise ) , a cool , welcome treat on a hot , sunny rooftop . Made with the 'seafood of the day , ' mine featured whole bay scallops in plentiful supply . Mixed with chopped green onion , jalapeño , and tiny cubes of peach , it 's garnished with paper-thin slices of cucumber and radish , and then sprinkled with cilantro . Served with tortilla chips , the dish is fresh and bright , with the predominant flavor being that of citrus .
The tacos ( $ 8 HH/ $ 10 ) are served on a typically diminutive flour tortilla , but with enough fillings for a burrito . Moreover , what 's loaded on is muy delicioso . Nicely charred fish o ' the day — bay scallops again — are piled on to the point of overflowing . They 're then topped with avocado , cubed peaches and pickled cabbage , plus a drizzle of rich crema . It 's hard to say what 's more lov- able : The flavors or the bang for one 's buck .
click to enlarge Ruta Smith
Seared diver scallops come served over rich , creamy middlins
Also far better than anticipated , the heirloom panzanella salad ( $ 12 ) is like a big bowl of summertime . Here , fresh herbs mingle with purple , yellow , and greenish-red tomato slices and large , crouton-esque hunks of sourdough bread . The addition of bacon lardons and charred corn , as well as raw red onion and a tomato vinaigrette , lead to a dish in which every mouthful is a little bit different , but all are equally fresh and well-balanced .
The outdoor space at Balao is tiny and , as previously mentioned , exposed to the elements . There 's also a long , wood , full-service bar , which opens ( via a series of sash windows ) to an eating bar inside . The enclosed area feels like overspill dining space — drab and slightly shut off from everything else — and begs the question , `` Why abandon ship at the hint of rain ? '' ( My best guess would be the outdoor bar . )
But no matter . When they 're up and running , life is good and service is attentive and friendly . All the dishes suggested by the sweet bartender/waiter turned out to be winners , but perhaps it 's just that it 's hard to go wrong .
Certainly seemed that way with the 'Hell Yeah ' sandwich ( $ 14 ) , a messy celebration of Italian/Southern decadence . Imagine that , against all odds , a meatball sub and a po ' boy meet and fall in love . Disagreements over where to spend Christmas aside , their love child might be a slightly sweet , seeded hoagie filled with breaded , fried calamari and bay scallops . Add some sliced soppressata and scamorza cheese , plus piquant banana peppers and a marinara sauce , and you 've got one hell of a little , messy bundle of joy . Yes , the bun is too soft and the innards spill all over kingdom come , but it 's an undertaking worth the possible dry cleaning bill .
click to enlarge Ruta Smith
Along with the innovative food offerings , Balao has a hyper-creative cocktail list with house inventions like the Summer Rosé ( $ 11 ) , made with rosé-soaked watermelon , St. Germain , and aperol . In contrast , the Global Warming ( $ 10 ) contains mezcal , green tea , and smoked peaches , whereas the Death in the Morning ( $ 10 ) features chilled espresso , Godiva dark chocolate liquor , and mint . R.I.P .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although 75 percent of the dishes already sampled contained scallops , I could n't resist the server 's glowing endorsement of the seared diver scallops ( $ 18 ) . Lawd have mercy : Balao may want to change its name to Pectinidae , for the taxonomic family that contains scallops . Plated on creamy , rich middlins ( the Southern equivalent of risotto , made with broken pieces of white rice ) , the two large scallops are inarguably fresh and perfectly seared . Surrounded by a well-seasoned mix of chard , mushrooms , and zucchini ; cloaked with a black garlic puree ; and topped with a scattering of pungent kimchi ; the outstanding dish is also a bargain , which makes it twice as fine .
Despite its slightly inaccessible location and mercurial opening times , there 's no good reason Balao was relatively empty on a sunny Wednesday night . The service is welcoming , the food superlative , and the price quite right . Go before everyone else catches on .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A gorgeous clear night in the skies above Britain has left stargazers awed by the sight of Venus shining brightly .
The planet , which is nicknamed the 'Evening Star ' , was clearly visible and was particularly bright this evening .
Scores of people took to social media to post about being able to see the star to the right of the moon .
If you 're lucky you may also be able to catch a glimpse of Mars and could possibly even see Neptune during the month as several planets become visible from earth .
( Photo : Susan Snow )
( Photo : Susan Snow )
Below the crescent moon , which in itself is spectacular , you will be able to see a particularly bright star - that is Venus .
Slightly to the left of the moon , and much fainter than Venus , you might be able to make out Mars .
You may also be able to spot Jupiter in the early hours of the morning - it will be the brightest looking star when looking south .
( Photo : Barcroft Media )
( Photo : Barcroft Media )
( Photo : Barcroft Media )
( Photo : Barcroft Media )
Writing on Twitter Vince Lee said : `` Clear skies over Manchester , Mars , the moon and Venus in alignment '' .
Nantwich police even got involved tweeting : `` If only NASA had a 101 none emergency number ... We could ask them if the bright star is actually Venus ? ? Is it ? ''
January is set to be a good month for stargazers , according to the website earthsky.org - with Mars , Jupiter and even Saturn apparently likely to be visible , Gloucestershire Live reports .
`` In January 2017 , look west after sunset for Venus and Mars , '' the website says .
`` The other 3 bright planets – Jupiter , Saturn and Mercury – light up the wee hours before sunrise . ''
( Photo : Barcroft Media )
( Photo : AFP / Getty )
The website says two of the five bright planets rise to great prominence in the January 2017 sky .
`` Venus rules over the evening sky while Jupiter rules the morning , '' it explains .
`` Venus , the brightest planet , blazes in the west first thing at dusk , and reaches its greatest elongation as the `` evening star '' on January 12 .
`` Jupiter , the second-brightest planet , lords over the eastern half of sky between midnight and sunrise .
`` Mars is near Venus in the evening sky , but it 's higher up and much fainter than Venus , setting in the west shortly after Venus does .
`` Meanwhile , Saturn appears in the southeastern sky before dawn .
`` Mercury a short hop beneath Saturn , just as darkness is giving way to morning twilight . ''
School has started , and our young people are embarked on an exciting journey of exploration and discovery . Do n't let them have all the fun of gaining new knowledge and mastering new skills . The Ridgefield Library is your center for lifelong learning . Here are a few ways you can take advantage of this resource .
Learn a language . Our new online language learning program Pronunciator makes it easy for you to go from beginner to advanced proficiency in more than 80 languages , from Italian to Icelandic .
Learn at your own speed . Lynda.com offers thousands of online video tutorials covering business and computer skill topics . Take a full course or just search for the answer to a specific question about how to do something in Excel or WordPress .
Learn from the best . Our Great Courses collection includes audio ( and some video ) lecture series by highly rated professors who are experts and excellent educators on everything from astronomy to French literature .
Learn from each other . Book discussions , our Adult Maker Group and other interactive programs offer wonderful opportunities for participants to share their own insights and knowledge , enriching the learning experience for the whole group .
Mary Rindfleisch is assistant director at the Ridgefield Library . They may be reached at 203-438-2282 , ext . 11009 , and [ email protected ]
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
In 2006 , they moved to Los Angeles to get away from it all - but now he 's made a dramatic return .
Paul Danan wanted to start over as an actor in the American city after appearing on the original Love Island the previous year .
Keen to get rid of the 'reality TV star tag ' , they were keen to get involved in films .
Now , 11 years later , they seem to have changed their mind as they have returned to reality TV for Celebrity Big Brother .
If history is any indication , the former Hollyoaks star is set to really shake things up .
Here is everything you need to know about him ...
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Who is Paul Danan and where are they from ?
Paul Louis Danan was born on July 2 , 1978 in Waltham Forest , north London , to a Jewish family .
After living in LA for a few years , they now live in Hertfordshire and is a father himself . Their son , DeNiro , was born in September 2015 .
Paul , 39 , also runs a drama club for local children in their neighbourhood .
They told the Jewish Telegraph : `` I love kids and wanted to give something back from what I learned .
`` So many kids nowadays are stuck inside playing on their computers and I hate that type of life for them .
`` It is amazing for them to get out and take part in activities which capture their imaginations . ''
However , the now doting dad has somewhat of a checkered past : In February 2007 , they were reported to have suffered a suspected heroin overdose and was treated at hospital .
In November of the same year , they let rip in front of thousands of children and parents at a Christmas lights switch-on in Preston , Lancashire where they were so abusive that they were hit with an £80 on-the-spot fine by police .
They later apologised for the incident , which cost them their lead role in Jack And The Beanstalk panto at the city 's Charter Theatre .
In 2010 , Paul was fined a total of £350 for drug possession and abusing police officers in Hertfordshire .
They admitted at Stevenage Magistrates ' Court possessing cannabis and cocaine and a public order offence . They were also referred to a drugs agency for support and admitted `` medicating myself '' for anxiety and depression .
( Image : WireImage )
Why is Paul Danan famous ?
Danan is best known for their role in the Channel 4 show Hollyoaks as Sol Patrick , who they played between 1997 and 2001 . Paul also appeared in the UK comedy Ten Minutes in 2003 .
They took part in Celebrity Love Island in 2005 where they hit the headlines after their outrageous behaviour on the ITV2 show saw them sensationally removed .
CBB contestants 2017
In one furious clash , a drunk Paul rowed with a fellow former Hollyoaks actor and was escorted out of the villa for the evening .
After the show , Paul slammed it claiming they were `` misrepresented '' by editing .
They said : `` They cut it down to an hour a night and picked out my mad bits . ''
After the show finished they told Metro newspaper : `` I will go back to LA because no one knows me from Celebrity Love Island . Also it 's easier to start from scratch as an actor .
`` Over here , people are a bit more dubious because they think they 're hiring a reality star rather than remembering I 've done a couple of films and was in Hollyoaks .
`` There 's still the Love Island tag but I want to be treated as an actor . ''
EAST HAMPTON , Conn. ( WTNH ) – At approximately 2:39 a.m. Saturday morning a structure fire broke out at 22 Knowles Road in East Hampton .
Crews were on scene and there were no reported injuries .
The fire is currently under control according to officials .
The extent of the damage is unknown at this time .
No word yet if anyone has been displaced .
This is a developing news story and we will update it as information becomes available .
Stay tuned with News 8 for updates to this story .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of British savers are being conned out of millions of pounds in a wave of 'airport parking ' investment scams designed to part them with their pension cash , The Mirror can reveal today .
Both the police and the Financial Conduct Authority have been dealing with an avalanche of cases of unscrupulous financial advisors preying on investors with phantom 'get rich quick schemes ' for them to retire on .
And airport parking spaces - in which investors are promised high returns - is one of the new ways arch advisers are trying to con savers out of their pension pots .
It comes after the government recently introduced reforms giving people more freedom over their retirement cash .
Buy a parking space - and rent it out for thousands
( Image : iStockphoto )
Many middle-aged workers are now being targeted by cold call ‘ fixers ' who advise them to move their retirement savings into Self-Invested Pensions Plans ( SIPPS ) which include rogue investments such as airport parking .
They are then sold parking spaces at £25,000 a time at various airports around the UK under the guise that they can then lease it out to a tenant for a period of time .
Often this tenant is a management company which then sub-leases it to customers on an annual basis and they are promised a rental yield of 8 % .
However , the majority of cases are being found to be false . City of London police have been alerted to a series of alleged scams as have other police forces across the UK .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The UK 's leading claims expert Rob Ridge , said : `` The freedom for members of the public under the recent pension changes are a good thing , but the lure of available pension money is attracting unscrupulous fraudsters .
“ Investors should be wary of cold callers offering to move your pension into SIPPS and investments that sound too good to be true , because usually they are . Thousands of hardworking people are now losing their lives savings in these schemes and are falling victim to very bad investments like the airport parking cases we have found . ''
Action Fraud said it had identified the trend where members of the public receive unsolicited calls from forceful sales people offering an opportunity to invest or promoting the parking spaces as a 'sound pension investment ' .
Sales people offer verbal and written promises of a guaranteed and questionable high rate of return on the investment .
They also offer a buy-back scheme when investors want to sell their parking spot on ; however there is no guarantee of an onward sale or that there will be any potential buyers when they come to sell .
Be wary of anything that 's too good to be true
( Image : Getty Images )
Financial and legal experts have warned people to be wary of putting their retirement savings in niche investments which can be hard to exit and come with hefty fees .
The National Fraud Intelligence Bureau said : `` A new commodity is being offered as an investment to members of the public . This new commodity is parking spaces . The method used by those selling the parking spaces is very similar to that used by businesses selling unregulated investments including diamonds , wine and carbon credits . ''
It added : `` Post investment , the consumer may find it difficult to contact the investment company to discuss their investment or reap any financial returns .
`` The cold callers may be acting as estate agents and seeking to sell parking spaces owned by another . If the company offering the investment is not a registered estate agent then caution is advised . ''
Ridge , whose company Money Redress is the UK 's main investment mis-selling claims specialist , said : “ SIPPS are now available for the masses - to retail customers and not just sophisticated investors . And unfortunately as a result of this many working class people are mis-sold investments - it is criminal what is happening and it 's becoming more and more prevalent .
“ We have seen a huge rise in investors coming to us saying they have been tricked into investing in these airport parking scams .
“ These cold callers say that you are welcome to buy a car park space ( similar to buying a house ) and we will manage it for you - and we will rent it out for you and you 'll receive a slice of the revenue . They will offer you a yield of roughly 8 per cent for the year .
“ They offer you the airport parking space saying it is similar to buying a house as an investment . But this is not true at all , when buying a house , you see bricks and mortar , but with car park spaces it is difficult to prove what you own .
“ In these scams the victim has cashed in their brass plated work based pension and transferred say £60,000 and bought two car parking spaces with the expectation of an 8 % return each year . They or they also expect their £60,000 at the end of 10 years . Unfortunately , this is not happening and they get neither . These people are losing out . ''
`` We are seeing at Money Redress that these investments are a sham - they are phantom investments . More often than not these poor investors will not get their pensions back . ''
Many victims are now successfully starting to recover compensation for their lost pensions through the Financial Services Compensation Scheme and with the help of the Financial Ombudsman .
Photo : Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna , Katy Perry , Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him .
Related : Katy Perry , Catholic Church Win $ 10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“ Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? ” Keaton Jones , a Tennessee native , asked in the video . “ What 's the point of it ? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them ? It 's not okay . ”
They explained that kids make fun of their nose and during lunch they pour milk on them and throw food at him . The video was shot by Jones ' mother after they picked them up from school when they told them they were afraid to go to lunch .
After viewing the clip on social media , Katy Perry , Cardi B , Snoop Dogg , Hailee Steinfeld , and others provided words of encouragement to Jones .
“ # KeatonJones Hero ! ! ! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity ! ” wrote Rihanna on social media . “ If you have , or currently are going through any form of bullying , my heart and my prayers go out to you ! Bullies…y'all corny ! ”
“ This broke my 💔today . Please be kind to one another , ” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones ' video .
“ Say lil Man U got ta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate , ” commented Snoop Dogg .
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be their guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere .
See the best artists reactions below :
# KeatonJones Hero ! ! ! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity ! If you have , or currently are going through any form of bullying , my heart and my prayers go out to you ! Bullies ... y'all corny ! A post shared by badgalriri ( @ badgalriri ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today . Please be kind to one another . # standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY ( @ katyperry ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U got ta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg ( @ snoopdogg ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @ Lakyn_Jones , could you pass this message along to Keaton ? ❤ https : //t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld ( @ HaileeSteinfeld ) December 10 , 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I 'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini ( @ KelseaBallerini ) December 10 , 2017
I 'm so Sad and angry like I 'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
( @ iamcardib ) December 10 , 2017
Hey , @ Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville , TN next month if ya want .. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell ( @ coleswindell ) December 10 , 2017
Stay strong Keaton . Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world . For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne ( @ brothersosborne ) December 11 , 2017
Hey Keaton Jones , I 'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice . I 'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
( @ Zedd ) December 11 , 2017
Related Coverage Stratford police search for person who crashed , jumped off of bridge
STRATFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Stratford Police have recovered the man who went missing on June 6th after crashing their car and jumping off of the Devon Bridge .
Police say Tavares Harris was recovered from the Housatonic River and identified on Wednesday night . Harris went missing earlier this month after they crashed their car into the Devon Bridge shortly after midnight .
Harris then jumped off of the bridge , which prompted a search and recovery effort . Officials say the recovery effort lasted several days and included multiple surrounding agencies .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An Armed Forces charity has enlisted a battalion of celebrities in a campaign to tell the stories of our forgotten First World War heroes .
To mark the centenary of the end of the war in 1918 , the SSAFA wants the public to share their fading sepia snaps of family members who fought in the conflict .
Actors Antony Cotton , 42 , Helen McCrory , 49 , and Joanna Lumley , 71 , have signed up to help , along with Olympic gold medallist Dame Kelly Holmes , 48 , X Factor star Fleur East , 30 , and TV historian Dan Snow , 39 .
Antony , who plays Sean Tully in Coronation Street , is an SSAFA Ambassador , and has contributed a picture of a man they believe is their maternal great grandfather .
( Image : PA )
But they said : “ This photo has been in an album at my mum 's house for years and we have never known the identity of this man .
“ He has become known as ‘ The Unknown Solider ' within my family and each year , I visit the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in London and think of him .
“ It is incredibly important that families continue to pass down stories and photos of family who sacrificed their lives for our country . ”
( Image : Getty )
Helen , who is Aunt Polly in Peaky Blinders , found a picture of their maternal great grandfather , Albert Bradbeer .
They said : “ He was buried alive in the trenches . They came home suffering shell-shock . ”
They died five years later .
Joanna , whose great uncles , George and Fredrick Lumley , died at Arras , France , in 1917 , said : “ I 'm so looking forward to seeing people getting behind this campaign . ”
Kelly , who served in the Army for 10 years , said : “ I 'm celebrating my step grandfather , Albert Norris , who fought in The Royal Fusiliers and I hope this will inspire other people to nominate their family members . ”
( Image : BBC )
Singer Fleur 's great grandad , Fred East , was in the war and they said : “ It 's something we 're very proud of as a family . ”
Dan said : “ My great grandfather , Lieutenant General Sir Thomas D'oyly Snow , fought on The Western Front and in the Somme .
`` The bravery of them and their men is staggering and is something we should never forget 100 years later . ”
The campaign aims to teach the younger generation about the war , which ended on November 11 , 1918 .
Justine Baynes , director at the SSAFA , said : “ The further we move away from World War One , the more important it is for us to keep the stories of bravery and courage alive . ”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tamara Ecclestone has revealed that they are facing a Christmas gift dilemma after three-year-old daughter Sophia said they want a “ real unicorn ” .
The daughter of billionaire ex-Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone , who recently gave an insight into their lavish lifestyle in reality show Tamara 's World , has also said that they and husband Jay Rutland will `` not go nuts '' on presents for each other this year , despite their wealth .
Ecclestone told Hello ! magazine that their daughter Sophia , whose nickname is Fifi , has asked for one gift that money certainly can not buy .
They said : `` It 's a bit of a tricky one because she 's asking for a real unicorn .
`` I 'm not sure what to do . ''
But the TV star and socialite has come up with a potential plan , and added : `` A friend told me about a book where it says that unicorns ca n't be captured , so I think I 'll have to buy it and read it to her . ''
( Image : Supplied by WENN )
( Image : Getty )
Ecclestone said they passed down a family tradition to their little girl this year - putting the star on top of their huge Christmas tree with their father Rutland , just like they used to do with dad Bernie .
`` It 's so nice for those traditions to be passed down , '' they said .
`` Fifi loved decorating the tree but they were most excited about climbing on the ladder with Jay . The most dangerous part ! ''
Of their own Christmas wish list , the 33-year-old said : `` Jay and I have decided not to go nuts with stuff for ourselves .
`` Although Jay is so thoughtful and sweet and they always get things that are personalised or mean something .
`` The most romantic thing he 's ever given me was last Christmas - they made me a DVD of when I was pregnant , when Fifi was born and the first few years of their life with music and stuff , and they edited it all together with footage from our camcorder .
`` Gifts like that are way nicer to me than , say , a handbag . ''
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have reportedly tabled a £25m bid for Napoli midfielder Piotr Zielinski .
The Pole has been linked with Liverpool for some time but a deal has failed to materialise .
But according to Il Mattino , the Reds have launched a bid for Zielinski .
Tottenham are also keen on the midfielder but Napoli are ready to reject a move .
It is suggested the Serie A side want around £60m for the player .
Roma wo n't budge on Salah
( Photo : REUTERS )
Liverpool have been told to add another £10million onto their bid to land Mohamed Salah — or forget it , writes David Maddock .
The Reds have resurrected talks with the winger 's club , Roma , after having an initial bid of more than £26m turned down .
But on Wednesday , as ­negotiations intensified and were confirmed by their sporting director Monchi , Liverpool were warned that “ Roma is not a ­supermarket ” and the Italians will set the price .
We understand that the price is around £35.5m — and the ­Premier League side will be told it is a take-it-or-leave-it deal for the Egypt international , who has been identified by Jurgen Klopp as the pacy wideman their system needs .
READ MORE HERE .
Klopp to make call on Gomez
( Photo : Liverpool FC )
Liverpool will give Joe Gomez a chance to prove themselves in pre-season .
The 20-year-old is attracting interest from a host of Premier League clubs , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Jurgen Klopp remains a big fan of the defender , who has recovered from a lengthy injury lay-off .
But it is understood a loan move would be considered by the club .
This video is part of a series brought to you by Entrepreneur 's book division , Entrepreneur Press , the publisher of Jill Schiefelbein 's book Dynamic Communication : 27 Strategies to Grow , Lead , & Manage Your Business .
In this Dynamic Communication interview , author Jill Schiefelbein chats with Jared Kleinert , author of 3 Billion Under 30 , who gives a tip that can help you manage your business . This video is good for any business owner looking to hire and retain top talent , including millennials , and who wants to provide a positive working environment .
What can companies do to build internal relationships with new employees ?
What can businesses ask to learn about the specific needs of each employee ?
How can you interview potential hires to ensure they 're a good fit for your company ?
Learn the answer to these questions and more in this video with Kleinert , entrepreneur and author .
Want to see the full interview with Kleinert ? Learn more below .
Jared 's interview excerpt is featured in Dynamic Communication : 27 Strategies to Grow , Lead , & Manage Your Business Chapter 22 Fairness Equals Profit : Tenets of Workplace Equity .
In this 27-video series , the author of Dynamic Communication : Strategies to Grow , Lead , & Manage Your Business , Jill Schiefelbein , interviews stand-out companies and entrepreneurs to bring you great bites of information to help improve your communication and drive results . You can access 12-plus hours of content -- the full interviews for each of these 27 brilliant minds -- by purchasing Dynamic Communication : Strategies to Grow , Lead , & Manage Your Business and accessing the book 's bonus site .
Watch more videos from Jill on their YouTube channel and buy the book at Amazon .
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire , Roku and Apple TV .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A `` dangerous '' cyclist knocked down and killed a mum-of-two while riding on an Olympics-style bike with no front brake , a court heard today .
Charlie Alliston hit Kim Briggs at about 20mph on a busy City street then blamed their victim saying people have `` zero respect '' , the court heard .
Alliston , who was 18 at the time , was riding a black `` Planet X '' fixed wheel track pedal with no front brake - which is not allowed on the road without modification , the Old Bailey was told .
Mrs Briggs was crossing Old Street , in east London , on February 12 last year while they were on their lunch break .
Emergency services were called to the scene , and took Mrs Briggs , 44 , to the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel , east London .
( Image : PA )
But they died from their `` catastrophic '' injuries a week later , on February 19 , having suffered two skull fractures and bleeding on the brain .
The Evening Standard ran a story the same afternoon , February 12 2016 , about the lunchtime crash and their condition .
Duncan Penny QC , prosecuting , said : `` It appears that they posted the following comment on the Evening Standard website under the name 'CharlieFxckingA ' at about 5pm that night . ''
The Old Bailey heard Alliston wrote : `` Hey guys , just thought I 'd comment on seeing this as I was the cyclist involved .
`` May I just add that in no way whatsoever was this my fault .
`` I crossed on a green light , once I saw the pedestrian step foot off the pavement I shouted to warn them to stop .
( Image : PA )
`` She acknowledged my presence but proceeded into the road and looked back into their phone .
`` By then I 've shouted the second time but they ignored me .
`` Traffic was flowing the opposite way so they stopped dead in the middle of my path , I did n't have enough time to dismount and by the time I have braked I still ended up colliding into them
`` I had no way of going around her , if I would of gone left I would have gone head first into a stationary lorry in its loading bay , if I would of gone right I would have collided into incoming traffic . ''
They added : `` I feel bad due to the seriousness of their injuries but I can put my hands up and say this was not my fault .
`` I tried to manoeuvre left between them and the lorry but they jumped back a fraction which caused us to collide .
( Image : PA )
`` So for anyone commenting about cyclists jumping reds , being careless or reckless .
`` Please find out what really happened before making judgments , cheers . ''
Jurors heard they also wrote a number of posts , using the same name , to a thread on the website `` London Fixed Gear and Single Speed Forum '' .
In them , they are said to have written : `` I warned for a second time to pretty much get the fuck outta my way , which they did n't .
`` We collided pretty hard , our heads hit together .
`` It 's a pretty serious incident so I wo n't bother saying , 'oh they deserved it , it is them fault ' .
`` Yes it is their fault , but no they did not deserve it . Hopefully it is a lesson learned on them behalf . ''
They claimed to have several witnesses who defended him , the court heard .
Alliston also allegedly wrote : `` She put not only hers , but my life in danger .
( Image : PA )
`` But as usual , there 's always the odd wanker that has to blame the cyclist .
`` On the Evening Standard 's article i have already had a lot of shit about it .
`` Everyone 's always quick to judge and run to help the so called 'Victim ' , but never the other person in the situation , IE me . ''
Alliston also claimed `` even every officer I spoke to admitted there was nothing I could of done '' , the jury heard .
Jurors at the Old Bailey were shown CCTV video of the collision in Alliston 's trial , as Mrs Briggs ' widower Matthew looked on .
Duncan Penny QC , prosecuting , said : `` She stepped out into the road and tried to cross towards the other side . They did n't make it across the road .
`` The reason they are n't successful is that this defendant , who was unlawfully riding along Old Street at nearly 20mph on a fixed wheel track bicycle , not equipped with a front brake , was unable to avoid a collision with them
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` That collision resulted ultimately a week later in their death . ''
Reconstructions of the crash established if they had a front brake , they would have been able to stop in time , jurors heard .
Mr Penny said : `` The Crown 's case is that the defendant is guilty of them manslaughter .
`` That is not only because what the defendant was doing caused their death , but also because it was both unlawful and dangerous . ''
Alliston was riding a track bike , similar to those used around the Velodrome in the Olympics and other cycling events , the court heard .
Mr Penny said : `` You are not allowed to ride such a bicycle on the road .
`` The Crown suggests that what the defendant was doing in the circumstances known to them - that is , riding a fixed wheel bike without a front brake through a busy area of central London at nearly 20mph at lunch time , when hazards such as pedestrians stepping out into the road might well be expected to occur in front of him , requiring them to act - was dangerous .
( Image : PA )
`` What they were doing was such that all sober and reasonable people , knowing the circumstances as they knew to be , would inevitably realise it subjected other people to the risk of some harm . ''
Alliston was interviewed about a month later , and told police they had been riding a fixed wheel bike since 2014 .
Mr Penny said : `` You can not freewheel on a 'fixie ' , as they are called . You have to keep pedalling , as you no doubt will have seen watching the cyclists having crossed the finish line , they keep going around and around .
`` This defendant said they had been riding a fixed wheel bike since 2014 . And they said indeed , that they themselves had removed the front brake from their previous fixed wheel bike . ''
Jurors heard they had tweeted in February 2015 about doing so , writing , `` The time when you first take your brakes off and feeling like you 're in a @ lucasbrunelle movie '' .
( Image : SWNS.com )
They bought the 'Planet X ' bike for £470 in January 2016 , a month before the collision , from a man called William Ringwood through the 'London Fixed Gear and Single Speed website ' .
Mr Penny continued : `` Without a front brake , that bike could n't lawfully be ridden on a public road . ''
Although fixed wheel bikes could legally be ridden on the road , they needed to be fitted with a front brake , as they are harder to bring to a halt , the court heard .
Mr Penny said : `` That 's why you see Sir Chris Hoy or Laura Trott still riding around lap after lap , long after the finish line has been crossed . ''
Turning to the victim , they said : `` Her injuries were catastrophic . ''
They were taken straight to theatre after arriving at hospital , and had suffered two skull fractures and bleeding on the brain .
Mrs Briggs underwent surgery twice that day , and by evening was on a ventilator in intensive care .
The prosecutor said : `` It was already clear that they had suggested an extremely severe brain injury . They made no significant recovery , and ultimately died a week later . ''
Alliston , of Bermondsey , south east London , denies manslaughter , and causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving contrary to section 35 of the Offences Against The Person Act 1861 .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother 's after party was never going to be a quiet affair .
So it 's not too surprising that the pictures show the former housemates making the most of the boozy night out in Elstree , with some staying out until 5.30am .
Even runner-up Ann Widdecombe , who donned ear muffs during their interview with Rylan on Bit On The Side , turned up to have some fun .
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
Last night , RuPaul 's Drag Race star Courtney Act was crowned the winner of CBB - much to the delight of many fans of the Channel 5 show .
Shane Lynch , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep came third , fourth and fifth , respectively during the grand final .
Among those in attendance were CBBOTS presenter Rylan Clark-Neal and The Voice judge Olly Murs .
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
Rylan got particularly animated and was seen hollering at someone as they held a drink in their hand .
Meanwhile ex-MP Ann was spotted sporting a rare smile as they stopped for selfies with a member of the public .
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
Dapper Laughs , aka Daniel O'Reilly , was in a very good mood as they enjoyed a laugh with Andrew Brady and Shane Lynch .
The comedian , 33 , also enjoyed a kiss with their fiancee Shelly Rae , who they proposed to after being evicted from the house .
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
( Image : Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 3551 5049 Email : info @ flynetpictures.co.uk )
Daniel got down on one knee to the mother of their child with a paper ring made by rapper Ginuwine and left model Shelley in floods of tears .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Elsewhere , Genuwine was seen getting into a taxi WITHOUT Ashley James as the rest of the housemates partied it up until the early hours of the morning .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge fans of ITV 's Take Me Out have a chance to find love on the dating show 's tenth season .
For those who have n't seen it , the show gives a single man the opportunity to land a date with one of 30 women . The eligible bachelor works their hardest to highlight their appealing qualities followed by testimonies from friends and family .
Each woman stands underneath a bright light armed with a button which they can press to opt out of a date - or as host Paddy McGuinness puts it : `` No likey , no lighty '' .
If the man manages to catch a woman 's interest , the pair will head off to the island of Fernando 's , which is actually Tenerife . Each episode offers three to four men a chance at true love - or at least a fun date .
Believe it or not , Take Me Out is responsible for several marriages and many long-term relationships .
Producers are looking for men and women over 18 from the Cambridgeshire area to join the show . Potential contestants have until October 14 to apply . Learn more here .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
DALLAS ( AP ) — Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after severe storms , including at least six tornadoes , swept through the area Tuesday .
At least six people were injured in Van Vleck , about 70 miles southwest of Houston , by a weak tornado rated by a federal survey team as an EF1 , with winds of 86 to 110 mph .
A preliminary review of the damage in Van Vleck indicates up to four homes were destroyed and several others damaged , said Doug Matthes , emergency management coordinator for Matagorda County . Seven people were transported by ambulance for medical care and it 's not clear how many more may have been taken to hospitals by private vehicle , they said . The seven people taken by ambulance did n't appear to have serious injuries , they said .
One of those injured in Van Vleck , a town of about 1,800 residents , was Harry Hobbs .
Advertisement
“ I was going into the room and the center blew off , then I got popped upside the head ” by debris , Hobbs told KTRK-TV of Houston . “ I looked back and said , ‘ I ca n't take another one of them , ' so I went to block it and that 's how I hurt my hand . ”
Said Sally Farley , Hobbs ' girlfriend , “ We have nothing . We might be able to salvage some clothes and stuff out of the house , but everything 's gone . I just keep telling myself that at least everybody 's OK . ”
The path of the tornado was close to a junior high school where students sheltered in place , Matthes said . Crews were working Tuesday afternoon and evening to restore power and the Red Cross was offering assistance .
“ It 's a rural community so these folks take care of themselves , ” they said .
An EF2 tornado with winds of 111 to 135 mph caused extensive damage to subdivisions 27 miles southwest of Houston . A weak tornado also was confirmed in Wharton , about 55 miles southwest of Houston .
The weather service had issued tornado warnings for dozens of counties extending from the San Antonio area to Southeast Texas .
Elsewhere , more than 3 inches of rain fell in some areas west of Austin , and rain was mixing with snow in the Texas Panhandle , resulting in slick roads and delays in school openings .
DUBAI : Debutant Sadeera Samarawickrama 's delectable 38 off 35 balls lit up the early overs of the twilight session , but it was Dimuth Karunaratne 's steady application that carried Sri Lanka onward , to 174 for 3 at dinner . Karunaratne sits on 89 off 182 balls at the break , a rare first-innings century in sight for him . At the other end , Dinesh Chandimal had ambled to 14 off 66 balls , and was perhaps guilty of allowing a little momentum to leave Sri Lanka 's innings .
Having earlier survived Mohammad Amir 's swing and an intense Wahab Riaz spell , it was Yasir that Karunaratne spent most effort defusing after tea . In evidence , already , was plenty of spin – slower than Yasir would perhaps like , but still enough to make the occasional ball spin past the edge and prompt worry in the batsman . Right through the session , Karunaratne 's footwork was immaculate , even if they were – on occasion – fooled by the slider . They scored most heavily on the legside as the ball turned sharply into him , but they did also venture a couple of reverse-sweeps , to moderate effect .
Earlier , Samarawickrama 's ploy had been to attack Yasir , smoking them through cover in the first over after tea , then running down the pitch to crack them inside-out over the infield . When they came at Yasir to launch them over the straight boundary , Samarawickrama 's considerable talents had been showcased . In between these strikes , they had also pulled Wahab to the long leg boundary , and dispatched them through cover with a crisp drive .
So good a maiden innings had it been , it was surprising how tamely it ended . Mohammad Amir , who came on after Samarawickrama had shellacked Yasir out of the attack , delivered a short ball , which the 22-year old merely bunted back down the pitch . Diving athletically to their left , Amir took the catch – their first wicket of the series .
After that dismissal , Sri Lanka 's scoring rate slowed substantially , only 43 runs coming from the 23 overs leading up to dinner . Partly this was Yasir 's doing , as they settled into a beautiful length , Samarawickrama no longer around to hassle him . In any case , Chandimal has taken to making cautious starts . They had one run off their first 21 deliveries , and then when they attempted a full blooded drive , was almost caught by Mohammad Abbas at square leg , who perhaps should have positioned themselves better than they had .
The four that resulted from that shot was Chandimal 's only boundary of the session . In their company , Karunaratne also slowed down , respecting Wahab and Asad Shafiq , where while Samarawickrama was at the crease , they had been in a more aggressive mood .
Despite Samarawickrama 's strokeplay , Sri Lanka will worry now about the form of Kusal Mendis , who in attempting to clear their front leg and drive Yasir down the ground , sent a sharp catch to Shafiq at slip . It is their fifth failure in as many innings .
That was Yasir 's second wicket of the innings . In the afternoon session , they had also had Kaushal Silva caught behind . On that occasion though , the batsman will perhaps reflect that they could have done better with the delivery they got out too . It had been a long hop .
Is bitcoin in a bubble ?
The price of bitcoin has been soaring this year , and last week alone it jumped from $ 11,000 to well over $ 17,000 , according to Coindesk . It started the year below $ 1,000 .
That rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros , the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom . Those prices eventually came crashing down .
“ We saw this in the 1990s , ” says Barry Ritholtz , chairperson and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management . “ Any of those things sound familiar ? ‘ This is unique , this will change everything ? ' ”
Like many others in finance , Ritholtz expects the bitcoin bubble to pop . The only question is when . “ Some people think it 's early days , some people think it 's late , ” Ritholtz said . “ We 'll find out in the not-too-distant-future who is right . ”
Robert Shiller and Joseph Stiglitz , two Nobel-prize winning economists who 've seen their share of speculative manias , recently have called bitcoin a bubble . Stiglitz went so far as to tell Bloomberg TV that bitcoin should be “ outlawed . ”
Bitcoin was created in hopes it would become a new kind of currency that people could use outside of the traditional banking system , without backing from any country or central bank . It was also supposed to operate outside of government oversight , which has raised concerns that it will be a haven for criminals .
Unlike traditional currencies , bitcoin does n't have a country backing it , a central bank , interest rates , or a long history of exchange rates against other currencies , making it extremely difficult to place a value on . Its value is tied only to what people believe it 's worth at any given time .
Despite the growing interest , bitcoin still is not widely accepted in stores to buy merchandise , and you ca n't deposit it at a bank . One of the problems with using it as a currency is that its value keeps bouncing around , sometimes very suddenly .
“ We have seen bitcoin more as a speculative investment rather than an equivalent to cash , ” says J. Craig Shearman , spokesperson for the National Retail Federation , the world 's largest trade association of retailers . “ Even if it were a foreign currency , you need to dependably know what the exchange rate is , and bitcoin does n't meet any of those tests . ”
Backers of bitcoin say it 's about time for a new kind of currency that can be exchanged in private and secure ways . Its promoters include internet entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss .
This week mainstream financial markets are for the first time allowing investors to make future bets on the direction of bitcoin , but bitcoins themselves will be continued to be traded only on private exchanges , which are mostly out of reach of regulators .
Mark Fratella , a teacher who lives in Elmhurst , Illinois , bought some bitcoin “ for the novelty of it ” back when it was worth $ 700 or $ 800 .
Fratella is holding onto their bitcoin , and buying a little more from time to time . He 's also buying other cryptocurrencies , such as Ethereum and Litecoin . He 's heard the talk of a bitcoin bubble .
“ But I have also seen a few analysts talk about how , in the grand scheme of things , there are a relatively low amount of people into bitcoin and there is a huge potential for growth , ” they said . With the futures trade starting , Fratella thinks people who have been leery of its decentralized , deregulated nature will start buying into it too .
The futures also give investors the opportunity to “ short ” bitcoin — that is bet that its price will go down — which presently is very difficult to near impossible to do .
While the value of bitcoin itself may be inflated , even some of its biggest critics say that the technology that 's behind bitcoin has promise . That technology is called blockchain . It 's a kind of digital ledger that securely records transactions and prevents the same bitcoin from being spent twice .
Jamie Dimon , the head of JPMorgan Chase , has called bitcoin “ a fraud ” that will eventually “ blow up. ” But Dimon also said they thought the blockchain technology was “ good ” and could be used to make transactions faster and easier .
For now , people keep buying bitcoin , even with all the talk of a bubble . To Ritholtz , it 's a combination of the novelty of bitcoin , the built-in scarcity of it — only 21 million of them will ever be created — and the psychology of people being attracted to assets whose prices appear to keep going up .
“ One of the first rules of investing is , only invest in things you understand , ” Ritholtz said . “ If you want to speculate in a cryptocurrency and you do n't understand it , you might get lucky for a while but those sorts of speculations do n't work out well . ”
__
AP Technology Writer Barbara Ortutay contributed to this story .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's Mike Dean 's world , ladies and gents… we are all just living in it .
One of football 's oldest cliches says a referee has had a good game if no-one noticed they were there . We 're guessing the Premier League 's most 'charismatic ' official does not subscribe to that view .
This season , they have produced two very deliberate , actual dummies during matches ( no no we 're not joking ) , has been caught on camera smelling their assistant and - shock , horror - has been responsible for more red cards ( 5 ) and more penalties ( 10 ) than any other top-flight referee .
Basically , 'Deano ' likes to play their part in affairs . Hence why many fans were initially stunned to see West Ham 's Sofiane Feghouli sent off for what looked like a simple foul ( at most ) on Man United 's Phil Jones…
( Photo : West Ham United via Getty )
…only to be entirely unsurprised when they realised it was Mike Dean who had shown the red card .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
Twitter , it would be fair to say , has been quick to get stuck into everyones favourite official .
Although something tells us Dean is only going to enjoy provoking this sort of response…
ORANGEBURG , S.C. — Trey Samuel ran for 153 yards and three touchdowns on 15 carries and South Carolina State scored 28 unanswered points in a 35-14 victory over Morgan State on Friday night .
The first six possessions of the second half ended in two safeties , two fumbles , a blocked field goal and an interception . Morgan State took a 14-7 lead after its two safeties but South Carolina State tied it on Quan Caldwell 's 29-yard catch with 4:41 left in the third quarter .
S.C. State opened the fourth with 21 points in less than three minutes .
Two plays after Morgan State 's fourth turnover , on a fumbled punt return , Samuel ran for a 15-yard touchdown to take a 21-14 lead . Darius Leonard intercepted a pass on Morgan State 's next possession and ran it back 12 yards to extend the Bulldogs ' lead and Samuel capped the scoring with an 89-yard TD run .
A big Elland Road crowd went home disappointed after seeing Leeds United slip out of the play-off places with a disappointing display and a 1-0 home defeat to Wolves .
An awful first half display was at the heart of the defeat as the Whites were lucky not be at least three down at the break despite being roared on by a crowd of 32,351 .
They did improve and dominated the second half , but failed to find the net with only one effort on target and are now down to seventh with rivals Reading , Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham all winning .
It is still in Leeds ' hands , however , on whether they reach the play-offs with Wednesday and Fulham due to meet on the last day of the season , but they may now need to win all three of their remaining games to be sure .
Head coach Garry Monk selected an unchanged team from the one that grabbed a point at Newcastle and they started brightly enough with Kalvin Phillips ' dangerous low cross being well cut out by Wolves keeper Andy Lonergan .
But their football became increasingly poor with hurried passes not finding their man and little creativity .
It left them open to counter attacks , which this Wolves team are good at as they showed when a defensive mix-up led to Andreas Weimann going clean through only to be foiled by a good save from Rob Green .
Wolves had another chance when a free-kick was not cleared and the ball fell to Richard Stearman , but another good save by Green kept United level .
George Saville tried their luck with an effort from the edge of the box , but Kyle Bartley did well to block the goalbound shot .
Striker Nouha Dicko was next to threaten as they latched onto a mistake by the strangely out of sorts Gaetano Berardi only to see their fizzing shot go just wide .
Leeds finally did some attacking of their own and looked unlucky when penalty shouts fell on deaf ears after Bartley appeared to be bundled over while trying to get their head to a corner .
Berardi hit a long range volley over then Pontus Jansson sent a header over from another corner .
Jansson 's attempts to spark their side into life backfired in the 39th minute when their charge upfield came to nothing and Wolves turned defence into attack swiftly . With the defender out of position , Dicko timed their run perfectly to get on the end of a through ball and beat Bartley to the ball then beat Green with an early shot .
Chris Wood had their first chance to add to their impressive tally just before the break when they controlled a long ball into the Wolves box , but their effort deflected behind with referee Jeremy Simpson overruling their linesman by giving a goal kick instead of the corner it looked like it should have been .
Leeds looked to play the ball faster after the break and had reason to curse referee Simpson again when Wood 's attempted cross was stopped by the arm of Stearman , but again no penalty was forthcoming .
Pressure mounted with Jansson heading wide at the back post from a Pablo Hernandez corner and Bartley heading over from a cross by Hernandez .
A long range Lee Evans volley , easily dealt with by Green , was Wolves ' only effort on goal in the second half and they sat back and began to rely on time wasting tactics .
Unlike Newcastle 's similar attempts last Friday , it worked as they managed successfully to break the game up . Leeds had several half-chances , however , with substitute Souleymane Doukara seeing a header tipped over by Lonergan and going on a great run down the left that almost resulted in an equaliser .
Bartley had a strike well blocked and in the 89th minute Roofe 's looping header was cleared off the line .
Into injury-time Wood got on the end of a cross at the far post , but could not direct their header on target and it was all over for United . It will be all over for them in the play-offs race unless they improve at Burton next Saturday .
Match facts
Leeds United 0
Wolverhampton Wanderers 1
( Dicko 39 )
Monday , April 17 , 2017
EFL Championship
Attendance:32,351 .
Leeds : Green , Ayling , Bartley , Jansson , Berardi ( Taylor 63 ) , Bridcutt ( Sacko 56 ) , Phillips , Roofe , Hernandez , Pedraza ( Doukara 71 ) , Wood .
Wolves : Lonergan , Coady , Williamson , Stearman , Doherty , Edwards , Saiss , Marshall ( Hause 85 ) , Weimann , Saville ( Evans 67 ) , Dicko ( Bodvarsson 67 ) .
Referee : Jeremy Simpson
If you watch HGTV like Lisa Hartman watches the network , you know how popular the show 'Property Brothers ' is right now . `` My husband hates it , but I watch it all the time , '' Hartman said.Hartman follows the brothers on Facebook , where they posted last week that they wished the brothers would come to Colorado and help update their home . That 's when they got a Facebook message from a man claiming to work for 'Property Brothers . ' '' When I first saw the message , I got really , really excited , '' they said . `` I was like , 'Oh my God ! How am I going to explain this to Keith ? ' '' She knew their husband , Keith , was no fan of the show . `` My first response was , 'Seriously ? Nah , ' '' Keith Hartman said . `` I always have a cricket on my shoulder about what 's a scam and what 's not . `` While the contract looked official , with logos of both HGTV and the show , the couple noticed red flags when the names were wrong and money was demanded upfront.The Property Brothers posted a warning recently on their Facebook page . `` Now , I feel so disappointed . I feel almost betrayed , '' Hartman said.The couple feels heartbroken , but still wanted to warn other fans . `` I think this is something that really needs to be out there , '' Lisa said . `` I think people need to know that this is a scam . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen
My husband hates me spending time with my family . We have been married for four years and both of us have been married before .
I have a daughter by my first husband , who is married and expecting their first child . They live about four hours away . Every few months , they come for a visit and stay for the weekend .
They fight with me the week before they come , insulting them and saying really nasty things like “ Hopefully , they 'll go psycho and kill each other ” . They never says anything to their face , only to me .
The thing is , my daughter and their husband have never done anything to justify this . They are both successful and do n't ask anything of us at all .
I recently had breast cancer and my daughter came home more often while I was having treatment .
By the end of it , my husband was so mean about them and my mum it broke my heart . And they like him ! They buy them presents and treat them like family . It 's like he 's jealous of me spending time with them .
My mum lost my dad in July , yet they would n't let me invite them to stay over Christmas and we got into a huge row about it . They want me “ all to himself ” .
Recently , they got the idea to move away and one of their main reasons is to get me away from my family .
I 've talked to them about seeing a counsellor , but they wo n't go . Please help .
Coleen says
This is all about control – them stopping you seeing your family and making out it 's because they love you so much they want you to himself . It 's mental abuse and you have to be the one to put a stop to it .
There is no reason for them to behave like this other than their desire to control you – your family are all really nice to them and make the effort with him .
No matter how much you think you love him , the way he 's behaving is not loving . You 're right , they do need counselling – these issues of jealousy and possessiveness may go back to their childhood and how they were raised – but they have to get that help for himself .
What you can do is to not allow them to control who you see and what you do . Tell them that you wo n't allow them to speak about your family in this way .
Tell them they are welcome in your home whenever they like and , if he 's not happy about that , then he 'll be the one who goes .
And , whatever you do , do n't agree to moving away with him .
What an incredibly selfish man to behave like this , especially when you were having treatment for cancer .
You deserve to be happy and enjoy the life you 've fought for – please do n't let them destroy that .
More of our agony aunt Coleen Nolan 's advice on your sex , family , health and relationship problems
Kanata-based Mitel will be taking its business private as it prepares for decisions that are sure to cause short-term pain , but should , ultimately , lead to long-term gains , according to the firm 's chief executive officer .
Richard McBee , who has been chief executive at Mitel since 2011 , said Tuesday that with customers moving away from large purchases of telephone equipment , the time is ripe for the company to pursue new business opportunities . Mitel makes telephone and communications systems for small and medium-sized businesses .
Today 's customers want subscription-based services they can pay for monthly . That allows businesses to avoid allocating a large amount of cash toward the purchase of a phone system that will quickly become obsolete and need costly maintenance or upgrades .
“ Our on-site business generates a lot of cash ; it 's a main source of profitability for us , but it is a declining business , ” said McBee . “ With our cloud business , it 's a great business . It 's a recurring revenue business . ”
As a result of its desire to reposition the company quickly , Mitel has agreed to be acquired by an American investment firm in a $ 2-billion cash deal designed to take the company private . The deal , announced early Tuesday , will see Mitel shareholders receive $ 11.15 per share , which puts the firm 's market capitalization at $ 1.35 billion . The American investor , Searchlight Capital Partners , L.P. , will also assume all of Mitel 's corporate debt .
Subscription-based services allow a business to have the phone systems they need by connecting to them through the internet . Mitel phone systems provide whatever the subscriber needs from a centralized location . Subscribers pay a monthly fee , typically a fraction of what a permanent on-site installed system would cost to Mitel .
It 's a business model that is affecting change in numerous sectors , most notably for Internet based websites and stores . Amazon Web Services has become a giant in the provision of centralized web hosting technology that powers millions of sites including those of banks , stores and sports teams . Similarly , Ottawa 's Shopify provides online retail systems , including payment processing , accounting and shipping services , provided a customer pays their monthly subscription fee .
McBee said that with a publicly traded company they have a fiduciary duty to their shareholders to prioritize profits at the firm even as a groundswell of change engulfs the telecommunications industry . They said the shift to subscription-based revenues is a positive one that the company is convinced will help it to better position itself for new business in the near future . However , the decision is a tough vision to sell to investors .
“ A public market is highly focused on quarter-by-quarter ( results ) . The reality is , as the CEO , I have decisions I have to make every quarter about whether I invest in ‘ a ' or ‘ b ” they said . “ We 're taking the company private so we can execute our long-term strategy faster . ”
Since they joined Mitel as CEO in 2011 , McBee has acquired a string of telecommunications firms with the goal of creating an industry powerhouse . Not all the deals have been successful , but the purchase of ShoreTel , a California-based rival that Mitel acquired last September for $ 430 million , and Aastra Technologies of Toronto in 2013 gave McBee a sizeable operation with which to work .
In February , Mitel reported fourth-quarter revenues of $ 356 million , up 37 per cent year-over-year , thanks to the addition of ShoreTel 's results effective Sept. 25 . Excluding ShoreTel from the equation , Mitel ‘ s revenues in the quarter were up a modest four per cent compared to the same period a year earlier . These results understate the performance of Mitel as it migrates to smaller , but more steady , subscription-based sales . Instead of paying for hardware upfront , many clients are instead paying a bit at a time . This has the effect of depressing Mitel ‘ s revenues in the short term though over time the company 's financial picture should improve .
During this transition , McBee has been trying to squeeze as much cash as possible from operations — mainly by eliminating overlapping jobs following each of the acquisitions . For instance , Mitel employed 4,136 at year-end 2017 ( including 550 or so at the Kanata headquarters ) and this has already declined to 3,820 as the company combs through ShoreTel 's operations .
Mitel reported adjusted net income of $ 33.1 million ( 27 cents per share ) in the fourth quarter compared to $ 27.3 million ( 22 cents per share ) in the fourth quarter of 2016 .
For the full fiscal year , Mitel ‘ s revenues reached $ 1.06 billion compared to $ 987.6 million in 2016 while adjusted earnings were $ 81.1 million ( 65 cents per share ) , an improvement over adjusted earnings in 2016 of $ 74.9 million ( 60 cents per share ) .
Debt of $ 612 million at year end remains relatively high .
Mitel forecast revenues for the current quarter in the range of $ 300 million to $ 320 million , compared to analysts ' previous consensus projection of $ 314 million . McBee also predicts their firm 's adjusted earnings will be somewhere between seven and 13 cents per share , slightly below analysts ' forecasts .
As part of the acquisition agreement with Searchlight , Mitel confirmed it will be releasing a set of financial statements detailing its performance during the first four months of 2018 on May 3 . The company will also open a 45-day window , in which it will allow competing bids to be submitted . Mitel will weigh any bids against the one submitted by Searchlight before closing the acquisition .
At $ 11.15 , the acquisition price per share for Mitel 's outstanding stock marks a valuation that the company has n't seen since 2014 .
This wo n't be the first time Mitel has been taken private . The original Mitel was co-founded in Ottawa by Terry Matthews and Michael Cowpland in 1973 and was publicly traded on the Toronto exchange before being taken private . Matthews left the firm in the mid-1980s to launch Newbridge Networks . After selling Newbridge in 2000 , Matthews re-acquired control of Mitel . The company re-listed as a publicly traded firm on the TSX in 2012 .
McBee said the deal with Searchlight will see them stay on as the company 's chief executive officer . They also said the company is n't planning any changes to its workforce .
“ Mitel has succeeded for 45 years because of persistent innovation and relentless focus on delivering shareholder value . Our board determined that this transaction , upon closing , will deliver immediate , significant and certain cash value to our shareholders , ” said Matthews .
“ It also affirms the tremendous value and market leadership of Mitel . We believe this transaction will provide Mitel with additional flexibility as a private company to pursue the company 's move-to-the-cloud strategy . ”
Mitel has a total of 121.1 million shares outstanding . Those shares are held by a number of different investors . Wesley Clover Corp. , an investment firm created by Matthews in 1972 , has 6.73 million shares or 5.6 per cent of all outstanding shares in the firm . McBee owns 2.3 million shares in Mitel , or 1.92 per cent of the outstanding shares in the company .
With files from James Bagnall
San Francisco : Google will pay Apple nearly $ 3 billion this year to remain as the default search engine on iOS devices , US-based research and brokerage firm Bernstein has said .
According to a note to investors on Monday , Google has increased the amount this year -- from $ 1 billion three years ago to $ 3 billion this year -- and Google ` s licensing fees make up a large bulk of Apple ` s services business .
`` Court documents indicate that Google paid Apple $ 1B in 2014 , and we estimate that total Google payments to Apple in FY 17 may approach $ 3B , '' CNBC quoted analyst A.M. Sacconaghi Jr. as saying .
`` Given that Google payments are nearly all profit for Apple , Google alone may account for five per cent of Apple ` s total operating profits this year , and may account for 25 per cent of total company OP growth over the last two years , '' they added .
Apple ` s iOS devices contribute about 50 per cent to Google ` s mobile search revenue , Sacconaghi noted .
SEATTLE ( AP ) — Malachi Flynn scored eight of their 16 points in the final 2:13 and Washington State rallied in the closing moments for a 79-74 win over Washington on Sunday night .
Washington State ( 8-5 , 1-0 Pac-12 ) closed the game on a 12-3 run thanks to Flynn and Josh Hawkinson . Trailing 71-67 , Flynn and Hawkinson took over , combining to score the final 12 points for the Cougars and give them their first conference victory in nearly a calendar year .
Hawkinson finished with 26 points and eight rebounds , while Flynn made 6 of 10 shots and added six assists .
Markelle Fultz led Washington ( 7-6 , 0-1 ) with 26 points , 11 assists and nine rebounds , falling just short of the first triple-double in Washington history . But after carrying Washington for most of the second half , Fultz went scoreless in the final 2 ½ minutes .
Advertisement
Noah Dickerson added 19 points for the Huskies .
Washington led by as many as 13 in the first half , only to see Washington State surge in the opening moments of the second half . The Cougars scored the first 14 points of the half and built a 49-41 lead before David Crisp finally knocked down the Huskies first shot of the half .
Washington 's rally was on the shoulders of Fultz . They spent the first 25 minutes getting others involved , before taking over to rally the Huskies . Fultz scored nine of 13 points during a 5 ½ minute stretch to pull Washington even at 64-64 with 7:37 remaining after a layup by Dickerson .
Washington State briefly took a 67-66 lead after Hawkinson split a pair of free throws with 4:20 remaining , but Fultz 's 17-footer with 3:22 remaining put the Huskies ahead 68-67 . Less than a minute later , Fultz 's 3-pointer over Hawkinson as the shot clock expired extended the lead to 71-67 .
Flynn answered quickly with a driving layup and Hawkinson 's basket underneath with 1:36 left pulled the Cougars even at 71-71 .
Fultz turned the ball over on Washington 's next possession and Flynn beat Crisp off a screen and scored with 48.6 remaining to give Washington State the lead . Fultz missed a driving layup with their left hand and rather than foul , Washington played out the remaining time . Flynn beat Dickerson off the dribble and scored at the rim with 13.9 seconds left for a four-point lead .
BIG PICTURE
Washington State : The Cougars snapped an eight-game losing streak in conference openers . Washington State 's last conference opening victory came in the 2007-08 season when the Cougars beat Washington 56-52 in Seattle .
Washington : Fultz got little help from their supporting cast outside of Dickerson . Washington 's other three starters — Crisp , Matisse Thybulle and Malik Dime — combined for just 18 points .
UP NEXT
Washington State : The Cougars face Oregon State in Spokane on Wednesday .
Washington : The Huskies host No . 21 Oregon on Wednesday .
By The Associated Press
HOT SPRINGS , Va. ( AP ) — Virginia Del . Nick Freitas has announced their plan to seek the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine in 2018 .
Freitas will go up against Corey Stewart — the chairperson of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors — for the nomination . Stewart , who has modeled themselves after President Donald Trump , ran a primary campaign for governor this year , but narrowly lost the Republican nomination to Ed Gillespie .
Freitas formally announced their candidacy Friday at a gathering of Virginia Republicans . The second-term delegate from Culpeper has a conservative voting record and libertarian streak .
The 38-year-old joined the Army after high school , became a Green Beret and served 11 years of active duty .
Several other Republicans are expected to join the race , including evangelical pastor E. W. Jackson .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Protesting farmers in Mexico demand the agricultural sector be removed from NAFTA as the Trump administration prepares to renegotiate the trade agreement with Mexico and Canada . Photo : Gustavo Martinez Contreras/AP
Washington : The Trump administration has set a collision course with the auto industry as it launches renegotiations of the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) trade pact this week , aiming to shrink a growing trade deficit with Mexico and tighten the rules of origin for cars and parts .
More than any other industry , autos have been the focus of US President Donald Trump 's anger over the NAFTA , which they blame for taking car factories and jobs away from America to low-wage Mexico .
The US had a $ 74 billion trade deficit with Mexico in autos and auto parts last year , the dominant component of an overall $ 64 billion US deficit , according to US Census Bureau data .
“ The Trump administration has framed their NAFTA negotiating objectives around reducing the trade deficit with Mexico , ” said Caroline Freund , a senior trade fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics . “ If they do n't touch autos , there 's no way of getting at what they want . ”
Among tools that US trade representative Robert Lighthizer may seek to boost auto employment in the US is strengthening the rules of origin to shut out more parts from Asia , and possibly an unprecedented US-specific content requirement for Mexican vehicles .
Lighthizer 's negotiating objectives for NAFTA seek to “ ensure the rules of origin incentivize the sourcing of goods and materials from the US and North America , ” which has raised concerns among auto industry executives and trade groups that they will seek a deal that guarantees a certain percentage of production for the United States .
The industry is opposed to such a carve-out or to increasing the percentage of a vehicle 's value that must come from the region above the current 62.5 % —already the highest of any global trade bloc .
They say this would raise costs and disrupt a complex supply chain that sees parts crisscrossing NAFTA borders and has made North American car production competitive with Asia and Europe .
“ Our members feel very strongly that rules of origin are not the tools to use to reshore jobs into the US , ” said Ann Wilson , senior vice president of government affairs for the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association , a trade group representing auto parts makers .
Wilson and other industry advocates say a better way to boost US manufacturing jobs is through policies aimed at expanding vehicle exports .
Parts threshold
But if US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross gets their way , it would be harder to reach the 62.5 % content threshold because the “ tracing list ” of parts that count towards that goal would be modernized . They argue the current rules are too loose and allow a tariff-free “ back door ” for Chinese auto parts .
Parts that did not exist when the 300-plus page list was devised in the early 1990s , largely electronics sourced from Asia such as console touch screens or hybrid-drive controllers , do not count against reaching the threshold . If they are put on the list , companies would have to source them from North America or pay tariffs on them .
If the content requirements become too onerous , automakers will simply skip compliance “ and they 'll just end up paying the duty , ” said Charles Uthus , vice president for international policy at the American Automotive Policy Council , a lobbying group for Ford Motor Co. , General Motors and Fiat Chrysler .
Foregoing all NAFTA tariff-free access benefits—something that could happen if Trump is dissatisfied with the negotiations and decides to scrap the trade pact—would raise costs by about $ 4 billion-5 billion a year , Ulthus added . Ford plans about $ 7 billion in total capital spending this year .
Dispute mechanism disputed
Among the other contentious NAFTA issues that US , Canadian and Mexican negotiators will tackle starting on Wednesday in Washington is the future of a mechanism for resolving trade disputes .
The United States wants to eliminate a so-called “ Chapter 19 ” provision , arguing that it fails to combat unfair subsidies of some Mexican and Canadian goods . Mexico and Canada have vowed to keep the provision .
Negotiators are expected to pursue new NAFTA chapters governing digital trade , and tightening environmental and labour standards , changes previously agreed by the three countries as part of the now-defunct 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership .
US negotiators will also seek a provision to deter currency manipulation , aiming to set a precedent for future trade negotiations , such as a revised US-North Korean deal or a bilateral pact with Japan .
The negotiations face an extremely tight timeline , with officials saying they want to complete negotiations by early next year to avoid ratification difficulties posed by elections in Mexico in July 2018 and in the US in November 2018 .
Freund , a trade economist for more than a decade at the World Bank and International Monetary Fund , said the negotiators should focus on a few key areas .
“ If you really want to do a full-blown modernization of NAFTA , it 's going to take a lot more than six months , ” they said . “ Ultimately I think they 're going to get bogged down in all these details and pick two to three things and have a smaller agenda. ” Reuters
The intelligence agencies have issued a security alert over threats of terrorism across Punjab .
The intelligence agencies issued a red alert . “ Terrorists may target hospitals , schools and projects affiliated with China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) , ” the security agencies stated in a notification .
“ Vital installations and important buildings may be the target of terrorists , ” the alert said .
According to the letter issued by the security agencies , the terrorists who hailed from Syria and Iraq may launch attacks on hospitals .
Security and search operation have been beefed up across the province to contain and eliminate terrorists , according to the security alert .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With the NHS brought to its knees by eight years of Tory austerity , millions of Brits are so worried they would dip into their own pockets to rescue it .
In a clear message to Theresa May that people are fed up with them crippling our cherished service , 63 % said they will happily pay an extra 1 % tax to secure its survival .
It would raise an extra £5.5billion and cost those on the average wage of £27,600 just £3.50 a week .
And 73 % of those quizzed in a Mirror poll by ­Survation , would give up an £1 a week to keep the NHS free and out of the clutches of the private health firms circling like vultures .
That would bring in £2.75billion a year .
More than half said they would part with £2 a week .
( Image : Getty )
A third would pay £5 , raising £13.75billion .
It comes as thousands of campaigners are preparing for a save the NHS march in London tomorrow .
Shadow Health ­Secretary ­Jonathan Ashworth said : “ This Mirror poll confirms again that the British public just do n't trust the Tories with the NHS .
“ Eight years of ­underfunding has left services overstretched and patients at risk .
`` Around the country ­brilliant NHS staff are going the extra mile to keep the service running but are being let down by this ­government . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Getty )
Dr Tony O'Sullivan , a retired ­paediatrician and co-chair of Keep Our NHS Public , added : “ The essence of the NHS is that it is publicly funded in a ­democratic way through ­taxation so everyone benefits from it at their time of need , and pay for it when able to .
“ The public 's ­willingness to support the NHS has never wavered , as this poll shows , and it is evident that the Government 's refusal to fund it ­properly while privatising it is an ideological decision . ”
Lib Dem health spokesperson Norman Lamb added : “ Governments worry a tax rise will alienate voters , but this poll is evidence the public are willing to make a bigger contribution to sustain our treasured institution . ”
( Image : E+ )
The Royal College of ­Nursing 's Donna Kinnair added : “ The NHS is buckling under the strain of chronic underfunding .
“ There is just not enough money in the system and it 's clear ministers are ­significantly out of touch .
“ The public would rather give the NHS £1 extra each week then let the current situation go on for much longer . ”
People are so angry at the Tory 's attempt at destroying the service , many will join ­Saturday 's People 's Assembly and Health Campaigns ­Together to Fix The NHS march on Downing St to demonstrate .
Would you pay £1 extra a week to fund the NHS ? Daily Mirror/Survation
( Image : Getty )
Supported by the Mirror , it was provoked by the winter crisis in hospitals , which organisers say has “ now descended into a perpetual year-round ” problem .
Our poll also found 57 % of people were prepared generally to pay more tax to better fund the NHS . Even 48 % of Tory voters said they would cough up more for the NHS as opposed to 40 % who said no .
Among Labour voters , 71 % backed higher tax with 20 % disagreeing .
Would you pay 1 % extra in tax if it was spent on the NHS Daily Mirror/Survation
( Image : Getty )
And there were regional ­variations , with 37 % of Londoners preferring health insurance and only 29 % more taxes . In the north , 57 % backed taxation and only 11 % insurance .
Our survey found 80 % of people believed cosmetic surgery should be paid for by those who can afford it .
And 60 % said operations to tackle obesity should not be free .
But most felt ­cataracts and hip surgery are among those that should not be means-tested .
The People 's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together to Fix The NHS assembles at 12pm Gower Street , Central , London , WC1 . See thepeoplesassembly.org.uk/nhs_fix_it
Combining social care and the NHS will help avoid another winter crisis and save lives
By Andy Burnham , former Labour Health Secretary
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
The NHS is battling through a difficult winter once again . Claims the NHS was ‘ more prepared than ever before ' ring hollow with patients who had their operations cancelled at the last minute , or waited on trolleys in corridors in busy A & E departments .
Tens of thousands of people are preparing to take to the streets tomorrow to show solidarity and support for our wonderful NHS staff and to remind ministers that we will not accept them being taken for granted .
A winter crisis should n't be inevitable . We should never be close to the situation we continually find ourselves in .
In Greater Manchester , where devolution has given us control of our local health spending , we 're already seeing a real difference .
By bringing social care and the NHS together , we have reduced delayed discharges from hospital by a third over the last year – which means roughly 100 patients a day are going home sooner .
But we can only do so much .
( Image : Science Photo Library RM )
Few would disagree that we need to find more money for both the NHS and social care .
Some have put forward the idea of an ‘ NHS and Care Convention ' to make recommendations on the long-term funding of health and social care .
My worry is that this is a convenient way of putting difficult issues off until another day while the NHS slips further into trouble .
We do n't have the luxury of time to wait for yet another report . Kicking the issue of health and care funding into the long-grass will do nothing to prevent next winter 's crisis , or the winter after that .
I 'm happy to put my cards on the table . I still believe that social care should be funded on the same basis as the NHS . This would see a system in which everybody contributes and has the peace of mind of knowing that all of their care needs are covered .
Whatever the solution is , we need it now . Lives are truly at stake and , the longer that we delay this decision , the harder it will be to rescue our NHS .
The NHS needs more money - but there needs to be a serious debate
By Stephen Dorrell , Former Conservative Health Secretary
( Image : Rex )
There is no doubt that the NHS , along with other public services , needs more money , but we need a serious debate .
Most of us care about our families and our neighbours , and believe support and care should be available to them when age or disability mean they can not provide for themselves .
We expect our governments to reflect those values in policy .
We all know the number of older people and disabled people is rising , meaning rising demand for health and care services .
Alongside these increasing demands are opportunities to improve efficiency . But we should not pretend improving efficiency is the whole answer . It never has been in this , or any other , country .
( Image : Getty )
Health and care services account for a growing share of every nation 's economy .
So the underlying challenge to the political class is simple .
Are they willing to allow funding for health and care to grow , not for a headline , but as a long-term commitment to meet the needs of sick , elderly and dependent people ?
Are they willing to commit the serious effort required to understand what level of additional resources is needed ?
The NHS has been built on a cross-party commitment to giving fair access to high quality healthcare . There has always been debate about resourcing and methods of delivery .
But there has also been a willingness , in all parties , to understand longer-term trends in demand and delivery of care .
That requires a serious discussion about resources and how services need to change to get the best outcomes .
( Image : Getty )
That is why the NHS Confederation has undertaken a fundamental analysis of long-term demand trends in health .
It will be published in June , as a backdrop for the NHS 's 70th anniversary celebrations this summer .
It will describe the resources required to sustain our health and care services and lay down the gauntlet for politicians .
Do they recognise that demand for health and care services will continue to grow faster than the economy and will therefore continue to take a rising share of GDP ? Will they explain how these services will be paid for in future ?
Or do they prefer to explain which needs will not be met ?
Politicians who do not confront these questions head-on should not – and increasingly just will not – be taken seriously .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A packed schedule at the track should keep racing fans well occupied as the weekend kicks off .
Six , count 'em , six meetings greets punters with action coming thick and fast at Sandown Park , Kempton Park , Musselburgh , Wetherby , Leopardstown and Lingfield Park .
So , how about a flutter on the horses to get you through the week ?
Our very own Newsboy is on hand to provide you with Saturday 's best horse racing selections .
But remember : always gamble responsibily .
SANDOWN PARK
12.40 AINCHEA
1.15 GINO TRAIL
1.50 BUVEUR D'AIR
2.25 TERREFORT
3.00 GOLAN FORTUNE ( NB )
3.35 COGRY
4.10 PALMERS HILL
MUSSELBURGH
12.55 ANOTHER STOWAWAY
1.30 BARNEY DWAN
2.05 SIR CHAUVELIN
2.45 BABY KING
3.15 MISSED APPROACH
3.45 MORNING WITH IVAN
4.20 WONDERFUL CHARM
WETHERBY
1.00 NORTHERN BEAU
1.35 MERCIAN PRINCE
2.10 ROBIN WATERS
2.40 BALLYOPTIC
3.20 FISCAL SPACE
3.55 TOP WOOD
4.30 INFORMATEUR
LEOPARDSTOWN
1.10 DORTMUND PARK
1.45 MIN
2.20 FOOTPAD
2.55 CONRAD HASTINGS
3.30 DEFI DU SEUIL
4.05 BEN DUNDEE
4.40 RHINESTONE
LINGFIELD PARK
12.50 PAPARAZZI
1.25 AUTHOR 'S DREAM
2.00 DOUBLE UP
2.35 GEORGE DRYDEN
3.05 VICTORY BOND
3.40 AIYA
4.15 AMERICAN GIGOLO
KEMPTON PARK
5.45 RUNAOICHT
6.15 RIPP ORF ( NAP )
6.45 BUNGEE JUMP
7.15 MORNING HAS BROKEN
7.45 HUMBERT
8.15 SKY MARSHAL
DOUBLE : RIPP ORF and GOLAN FORTUNE
LONDON : A British man found guilty of murder after they drove a van into Muslim worshippers outside a London mosque last June , leaving one dead and injuring many more , was jailed for life on Friday and told they would serve at least 43 years behind bars .
Darren Osborne became obsessed with Muslims after watching a BBC TV drama about child sex abuse involving British Pakistani men and just weeks later carried out the attack in Finsbury Park , north London .
The 48-year-old killed Makram Ali , 51 , and injured 12 others , two seriously . They were found guilty on Thursday of murder and attempted murder after the jury took less than an hour to reach their verdict .
“ This was a terrorist attack . You intended to kill , ” said judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb , sentencing them at Woolwich Crown Court in southeast London .
“ You had not been radicalised over a long period of time but your rapid decline into irrational hatred of all Muslims turned you into a danger to the public , ” they added . “ You will pose a significant risk to members of the public .. for a very long time , perhaps for the rest of your life. ” —Reuters
loading ...
Thankfully for Airtel 's investors , while they wait for the India wireless market to recover , the company 's Africa business is doing wonders .
Bharti Airtel Ltd kept its eye on the ball to avoid a net loss under trying circumstances in the March quarter . A number of analysts had predicted a loss , a first in 15 years . But thanks to cost-cutting measures , it reported a wafer-thin net profit of Rs83 crore , or 0.4 % of revenues .
Of course , the struggles in the India wireless business were visible in the company 's financials . The division 's revenues fell 3.7 % sequentially and earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortization ( Ebitda ) fell 16.1 % to Rs2,943 crore . Before Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd 's launch , less than two years ago , the India wireless business generated Ebitda of around Rs6,300 crore . The sharp decline in profitability is now resulting in steep losses and negative cash flow .
The silver lining , from an investors ' perspective , is that all of the above was on expected lines . In fact , a look at some of the other metrics , such as voice and data volumes , average revenue per user and mobile broadband network expansion , suggests the company has held its own . “ The test of execution for the incumbents at this point is their ability to hold on to their customer base and usage in the backdrop of Jio 's incessant aggression . We believe Bharti Airtel has done reasonably well in the past 4-6 quarters , ” analysts at Kotak Institutional Equities said in a 24 April note to clients .
Needless to say , investors are desperately hoping that Jio is done with its price cuts . Just when it had seemed that it was done disrupting the market , it went ahead with a fresh round of tariff cuts in January . As such , trying to read its mind is an exercise in futility . Incumbents such as Airtel and Idea Cellular Ltd tend to think that further price cuts by Jio will hurt its own interests more , since it impacts its entire subscriber base . For the incumbents , they point out , the impact will largely be limited to subscribers who have broadband connections . But as past trends show , this is false comfort . If Jio is n't content with its market share gains , it may well consider further tariff cuts necessary .
Thankfully for Airtel 's investors , while they wait for the India wireless market to recover , the company 's Africa business is doing wonders . Revenues in the region have been more or less flat , but profit margins have improved on the back of the restructuring the company has undertaken . Earnings before interest and tax of the company 's Africa operations stood at Rs1,121 crore last quarter , higher than all of the company 's other operations , a first in Airtel 's history . Companies such as Idea and Vodafone India Ltd do n't have this luxury , and their results are likely to look far worse .
Lilongwe-based Hip Hop artist and hit maker , Martse has announced plans to release their first ever album this year titled ‘ Truth Only ' .
The artist , born Martin Nkhata said they want their fans to be taken by surprise , hence not revealing the actual dates for the new release .
“ My album is titled ‘ Truth only ' and the first song it is called Dosage , which features Bucci and was produced by AK and Tricky beats . The whole list of the tracks will be made public soon , ” they said .
The Mwano award-winning artist told their fans on social media that they can access and download the new track on Malawimusic.com while waiting for the full album which they said will be “ unique ' in terms of message .
The Lilongwe University of Agriculture and Natural Resources ( Luanar ) finale has since promised to deliver a well baked product full of slay hits , bearing in mind that it is their first album and does not want to disappoint their fans .
“ During my music career , I have been producing singles and fans have always asked me when I would produce a full album ; well this year they have the answer , ” they added .
Martse started their music journey over a decade ago rubbing shoulders with Mphatso Katopola AKA Dzimbiri of the now defunct KHAMRADZI band .
They also have a mix-tape to their credit titled Raps and Dances which has three popular tracks like Mfana Otenthadi , Eya Zikutheka and Go deeper .
Follow and Subscribe Nyasa TV :
Galleries
Collection
Beauty
Remember when you could smoke in restaurants , airplanes , cinemas — even while driving your kids to school ? What was once considered a harmless pastime is fast going the way of the dodo , but Jean Paul Gaultier has never been one for political correctness .
Their fall couture show was an ode to Le Smoking , the tuxedo suit for women created by Yves Saint Laurent that has become a mainstay of Gaultier 's repertoire . In one of those semantic leaps they are fond of , it also doubled as a celebration of La Cigarette .
Dark silhouettes shrouded in curls of smoke lined the walls of the designer 's headquarters , while long plumes of smoke were projected onto the runway curtains . To cap off the cabaret ambience , Gaultier pumped actual smoke into the room , though it could have been steam rising from the audience in the saunalike venue .
The show was a coed affair , kicking off with a series of men 's looks worn by models , including five dancers from Gaultier 's upcoming “ Fashion Freak Show ” musical revue , and maybe a couple of the bouncers , too , judging from their tanklike builds .
A black tuxedo jacket came with nifty pockets for storing cigarettes , a lighter and even an umbrella that slid into a compartment in the back . Antismokers might opt for a gauze mask emblazoned with the words “ No Smoking ” in a glittery font .
Gimmicks aside , the theme provided an opportunity for Gaultier to riff on their forte : sharp tailoring with an androgynous bent . His-and-hers options included a white crepe dress and a matching tuxedo jacket embroidered with a dégradé of black ostrich feathers , like a slow exhalation .
White calligraphy letters curled like wreaths of smoke on a black jersey dress with an asymmetric cape sleeve , while a sooty chiffon gown came with its own clear plastic smoking partition that slipped on like a jacket .
By the time Soo Joo Park emerged in a bridal gown made of wafting ash-colored organza , the room had reached suffocation point . As soon as Gaultier took their bow , guests rushed outside for a cigarette .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Many films get sold as the most frightening thing you 'll see all year , but in some cases it just may be true .
A24 , the hit Indie studio behind hits like Lady Bird and documentary film Amy , has already delivered acclaimed horror films such as the gruesome Green Room and the emotionally fraught It Comes At Night .
Now the studio is giving us a domestic horror , centred around a family mourning the recent loss of the reclusive grandmother , Ellen .
Ellen 's daughter , Annie Graham ( Toni Collette ) must pick up the pieces in the aftermath , supported by husband Steve Graham ( Gabriel Byrne ) .
( Image : A24 )
However , soon Annie begins to unravel some cryptic and earth-shattering secrets about their family 's history and end up in a battle for survival that could end the family forever .
Could Annie 's new friend Joan ( The Handmaid 's Tale 's Ann Dowd ) help them to battle the troubling horrors the Grahams are confronted with ?
And how does it connect to Annie 's increasingly sinister daughter Charlie ( Milly Shapiro ) ?
( Image : A24 )
Critics have heaped praise on the film , with The Independent calling it `` the singularly most terrifying horror film in years '' , while The AV Club called it `` the most traumatically terrifying horror movie in ages '' .
Toni Collette has also received praise for their performance , with The AV Club calling it `` an intense , phenomenally complex performance '' .
Sounds like quite the praise - but we reckon we shall wait and see ourselves .
The trailer alone gives us chills ...
Hereditary is released in UK cinemas on June 15 2018 .
Let us know if you will be seeing Hereditary and what films have scared you the most this year in the comments below .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There 's another shocking case on 24 Hours In Police Custody tonight when an officer is rushed to hospital .
The police are investigating a case of 'cuckooing ' , where a vulnerable person has their home taken over by drug dealers .
Community officer Craig Pearce is leading the operation and realises they know the female offender in question as their first ever arrest was their abusive boyfriend .
They find 20 needles , two knives , a crack pipe , blades , two mobiles , scales at the address and arrests Jade Carrey at the scene .
( Image : Channel 4 )
( Image : Channel 4 )
Craig explains : `` Cuckooing is when a vulnerable person has had their flat or house taken over by drug takers , drug dealers , gang members .
`` They can use that place to take their drugs or deal their drugs or commit crime . And then they all scarper , when the police get involved , and leave the mess behind . ''
The young victim with mild learning difficulties , Emily , is scared to talk but admits they their 'tenants ' broke promises to be clean and pay them
( Image : Channel 4 )
Two weeks later Carrey 's boyfriend , Iftikhar Ahmed , is arrested in Luton for robbery and door knocking offences after intimidating an old woman to pay him .
Carrey returns to the station for their second interview but during a search of their bag Craig makes a shocking discovery .
She 's brought a bag full of needles to the police station , but there 's a horrific turn of events as they prick their hand on one in their coat .
They rush to the nurse straight away after realising it has gone through the top layer of their skin and is sent to hospital .
( Image : Channel 4 )
Furious Carrey maliciously shouts : `` So I have to wait until they come back from the hospital ? I hope I do have somehting . I hope I f * * * ing do . ''
The hospital ca n't rule out contagious diseases and proscribe a course of anti HIV medicine .
Emotional Craig says : `` It is scary being told theres potential viruses inside you . Having to go home and tell your partner and your family . Yeah it was hard . s
They put aside their personal issue to interview Carrey , who reassures them they do n't share needles and does n't have HIV .
( Image : Channel 4 )
Craig received anti-HIV medication for a month . Two months later doctors confirmed they were diease-free .
The case becomes more severe after Ahmed is arrested for a string of burglaries in one street and was found in a stolen car .
Iftikhar Ahmed was convicted of 21 counts of fraud and three counts of stolen goods and was sentenced to 20 months in prison
Jade Carrey was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison for possession of a bladed article but the sentence was suspended and they remain on the streets of Luton .
* 24 Hours In Police Custody airs on Mondays on Channel 4 at 9pm
Talent Is Overrated : Top 10 Habits Of Mentally Tough People
People with limitless determination always have enough talent to succeed .
A student completes assignments in class in 2017 at St. Joseph Mission School in rural San Fidel , N.M. ( CNS photo/Rich Kalonick , Catholic Extension )
WASHINGTON ( CNS ) -- One of the clauses in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 -- the sweeping tax bill that was pushed through Congress between Thanksgiving and Christmas -- expanded the `` 529 '' savings plan .
Named after Section 529 in the Internal Revenue System 's tax code , the plans allowed parents to invest money for their children 's college education , however far down the road that was . Now , 529 plans can be used to sock money away for grade school and high school tuition in private schools -- including Catholic schools -- while accruing the same tax benefits as have the college plans .
Another change : There is no limit to what can be contributed to the savings plan .
But before anyone rushes to the bank to transfer money to a 529 , keep in mind that while the new federal law now allows for the change , 529 plans are state-based , so each state must first adopt language that would permit this change .
`` Some states are saying you might be able to use them right away . In some states , the plans do n't allow it ; the state is not interested in giving you the benefit of something that might cost them money ... or take away from the public school system , '' said Matthew Giuliano , an assistant general counsel for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
Currently , about 13 million U.S. families have 529 plans set up for their children . Upon establishing the plan , they 've got potentially a dozen years or more to contribute to the plan to defray the potential tuition hit while getting tax benefits -- principally , allowing money to grow tax-deferred and up to $ 10,000 a year to be withdrawn tax-free for qualified education expenses at a qualified higher education institution .
With the expansion to K-12 education , parents now , in theory , could begin contributing to a 529 plan before the child has even been born . `` This could give them up six years to get ahead '' before enrolling their child in a Catholic school , said Jennifer Daniels , associate director for public policy in the USCCB 's Secretariat for Catholic Education .
Yet the ability to make advance contributions to pay Catholic school tuition and college tuition suggests the 529 expansion will benefit those already well-off financially . `` We acknowledge that this is too narrow , '' said Dominican Sister John Mary Fleming , executive director of Catholic education for the USCCB . `` If we had our druthers , this would have been a more robust parental-choice program . ''
`` What we see is a benefit for some of our schools ' families who make too much to qualify for some of the means-tested programs to qualify for state aid , '' said Sister Dale McDonald , a Sister of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary , who is public policy and research director for the National Catholic Educational Association . `` They make too much to qualify ... but they do n't make enough to be able to pay the full freight . This might be a way they can use to accumulate earnings that might make it tax free . It certainly is a start . ''
One element that did not survive in the hasty writing and rewriting of the bill , according to Sister McDonald : `` They were trying to get this to include homeschooling , which did not pass . They hope to reopen it . If they do , 'other educational expenses ' -- that 's what 's in the original 529 -- could be in the bill . ''
College 529 plans allow contributions to be paid not only for tuition , but room and board , books and computers . Sister McDonald planned to meet Feb. 7 in New Jersey with diocesan school superintendents , with the 529 expansion as part of the agenda .
Some families have used a `` 530 '' plan -- a Coverdell Education Savings Account -- for K-12 tuition . But its scope was more limited than a 529 . Sister McDonald noted the new tax law also permits Coverdell accounts to be rolled over in 529 plans .
One other significant change is the definition of who may contribute to such a plan . Under the original 529 frameworks , it was parents . Now , it could be pretty much anyone .
`` Grandma and Grandpa , aunts and uncles , and parishioners '' could make contributions under an expanded 529 rubric , Daniels noted .
`` I was the principal of a grade school , and I know there are parishioners who really want to make a difference in children 's lives , '' Sister Fleming said .
Under the new law , not only can multiple people contribute to an account , multiple accounts can be opened for the same child , according to Kathryn Flynn , content director of savingforcollege.com , which provides research on 529 plans ' performance rankings and other metrics , then recasts it to make it more understandable .
With no annual limit to contributions , the sky is theoretically the limit , `` though states may max out '' on the amount , such as what it would cost cover the estimated expenses of an undergraduate education in that state , Flynn said . In truth , 529 plans can also be used for graduate school costs and have no expiration date .
They also warned of the risk of cannibalizing the future to pay for the present : `` Yeah , absolutely , if they 're not going to continue to fund it , or fund it to cover the cost of college for K-12 eventually , '' Flynn said . `` Run through those calculations and decide what 's important to you . Your investments will grow tax-free . The longer you leave it in the account , the more time you have for it to grow . If you take it out early , you 're sacrificing the potential growth . ''
Nor should parents with a 529 plan run out to empty the account to pay for next year 's seventh-grade tuition at a Catholic school .
`` There are complications to using your existing 529 money , '' said Kim Rueben , a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center , who talked to Catholic News Service prior to a Feb. 1 roundtable in New York on the implications of the changes wrought by the new law . `` That largely has to do with state rules that are n't necessarily totally clear , '' they said .
More than 30 states and the District of Columbia have a 529 plan . Contributions invested in a bull market make sense , according to David Rydszeski , an institutional relationship manager , for Ascensus , the company that serves as investment manager for the District of Columbia 's 529 plan . `` I believe the Dow is up 44 percent since Election Day 2016 , '' Rydszeski said .
It has n't exactly translated into a surge of new accounts , though . Rydszeski told CNS that just one person interested in an opening an account due to the 529 expansion had called them in the first month after the tax bill became law .
- - -
Follow Pattison on Twitter : @ MeMarkPattison .
HUTCHINSON , Kan. — Deputies from the Reno County Sheriff 's FOP Lodge # 18 and Special Olympics Athletes will run with the “ Flame of Hope ” from the area of Avenue B and Main to DCI Park , the Gazebo at 2nd and Main , where the run will end with a by-donation Hot Dog Feed . The time will be from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m .
This event happens during Third Thursday .
In this March 17 , 2018 photo provided by Shannon Lennon , bottom right , Vice President Mike Pence , bottom left , poses for a selfie with a group during a St. Patrick 's Day parade in Savannah , Ga. ( Vice President MikePence/Shannon Lennon via AP )
In this March 17 , 2018 photo provided by Shannon Lennon , bottom right , Vice President Mike Pence , bottom left , poses for a selfie with a group during a St. Patrick 's Day parade in Savannah , Ga. ( Vice President MikePence/Shannon Lennon via AP )
SAVANNAH , Ga. ( AP ) - The mayor of Savannah says they used Vice President Mike Pence 's weekend visit for St. Patrick 's Day to lobby for federal funding to deepen the city 's busy shipping channel .
Mayor Eddie DeLoach told a news conference Sunday that Pence chose to attend Savannah 's parade Saturday because they were due for a trip to the South .
DeLoach said it was a chance to remind Pence the $ 973 million Savannah harbor expansion to make room for bigger ships is only halfway done `` and tell them we needed the funding to keep the harbor deepening going . ''
President Donald Trump 's latest budget seeks $ 49 million for the project . Georgia officials say it needs $ 100 million to avoid delays .
DeLoach said Pence got the message , adding : `` If they stood still , they knew about the harbor . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tom Cruise has outed themselves as a secret TOWIE fan - or at least of the Essex town where the show is set .
The Hollywood A-lister has spent the past week filming the latest Mission Impossible movie in Brentwood .
Its previous claim to fame was as the setting for TOWIE , which follows the lives of its rich and beautiful residents .
But now it will be better-known as one of Cruise 's favourite places - rivalling Los Angeles and New York .
The actor personally rang Brentwood mayor Will Russell this week to praise the “ great town ” .
They also apologised for any disruption the filming had caused to local residents and businesses .
Russell said : “ He asked if I was the mayor and went on to say that I did know him .
( Image : ITV )
“ He wanted to say they had a wonderful time in Brentwood and it was a great town .
“ He asked about what I did as mayor , and said it was important to have such a great community and I should be proud to be mayor .
“ I asked who they were and they told me it was Tom Cruise . They did n't ring to say , ‘ It 's Tom Cruise ' .
“ I did n't quite believe it at first and I became very guarded . Then I thought that I had no reason to doubt it .
“ It sounded like them and they are n't being ridiculous . They wanted to thank the people of the town . They wanted to say what a lovely forest we have . ”
( Image : ITV )
Cruise was filming in Thorndon Country Park earlier in the week and was snapped getting out of a helicopter on the grounds .
They are expected to be in Brentwood for the next two weeks filming Mission Impossible 6 , which is due out next year .
The town has a population of 50,000 and is home to a number of TOWIE stars including Amy Childs and Gemma Collins and their favourite hang-out - The Sugar Hut .
Celebrities who hail from Brentwood include snooker legend Steve Davis , TV host Noel Edmonds and boxer Frank Bruno .
The Los Angeles suburb of Brentwood is home to Harrison Ford , Cindy Crawford , Gwyneth Paltrow and Reese Witherspoon .
`` Hire slow , fire fast '' is great advice , but it 's not always easy to follow .
July 4 , 2018 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
The well-worn business admonishment to `` hire slow but fire fast '' makes a lot of sense . The wisdom is that if `` hire slow '' , we take adequate time to carefully explore a potential candidate 's personality , work style , skills , competencies , etc. , then there will be fewer hiring errors .
Fewer hiring errors means less wasted time and money .
`` Fire fast '' makes sense , too . The theory is that you let someone go as soon as you realize they are becoming a `` bad apple '' -- whether that is in performance , ethics or attitude .
This great advice is more difficult to follow for entrepreneurs . Here 's why :
The smaller your business , the more critical each person becomes . Entrepreneurs usually wait until the very last possible moment before doing basic things like taking an office , buying that expensive piece of equipment ... or hiring someone to take some of the load off whomever is doing it currently ... especially if that person is you . Eventually , you realize ...
You 're so busy ! You need someone now . This is a crisis !
There 's a problem with `` crisis management '' -- it causes rash decisions .
There could be a reason that someone whose resume looks so great that you ca n't believe you 're getting them for that rate is available . Maybe those skills or that degree are not even , shall we say , `` accurate '' ? You wo n't notice if you rush the process .
If you are drowning in work or going through a growth phase , or if someone left unexpectedly , chances are you will scramble to find the right person . You can train them on the job , right ? You can give them the basics and then surely , they 'll rise to the challenge , right ? Most people are ethical , hard-working and decent , right ?
Not always .
Here are five things you must do before you hire anyone , no matter how desperately you need help today .
Related : 5 Creative Interview Questions to Ask Job Applicants , Approved by Elon Musk , Jeff Bezos and Reid Hoffman
1 . Write out what this person will do , and what type of person would excel in the role .
That 's how big companes do it . If the new hire will be answering the phone , or selling on one , would you ideally want someone who sounds like a lifetime smoker or fresh , positive and energetic ? If you hate micro-managing , do you need someone who is resourceful and who takes initiative , in addition to performing specific tasks ? When you think about the skills you need and the personality you want , you 're already more likely to find the right person .
2 . Write an incredibly comprehensive ad .
Put your whole wish list in the ad . The skills , education , personality traits , all of it . Rather than scaring the right people away or giving cues for a false interview , you 'll be far more likely to attract someone who reads your ad and says , `` That 's me ! That 's me ! I 'd love to work for a company that appreciates who I am ! '' You can weed out any fakers in a phone interview .
PS : The length of your ad is irrelevant .
Related : Why Office Perks Are Traps , Not Benefits
3 . Put a `` catch '' in your ad .
One of the best pieces of hiring advice I ever heard came from a book I represented for my client Alan Blume . They said that at the end of every Help Wanted ad , there should be three pieces of precise instructions to apply for the job . One of them is a catch . Assuming the ability to follow directions is critical to the role , one of the instructions should be , `` Reply to this ad but change the subject line of the email to ... ( whatever ) . '' Those who do n't change the subject line can be immediately deleted because either they did n't care enough to read the whole ad or they are not attentive enough to directions .
4 . Interview intelligently .
A first interview is not an occasion to sell someone on how wonderful it would be to work for your company . It 's the chance to find out if there is a legitimate fit . Develop , ask and listen to the answers to questions directly related to the personality traits you 're looking for . The alleged skills are already on the resume . You can verify those when you check the references , and you should always check references .
Related : The 5 Must-Ask Interview Questions to Determine if Someone 's a Fit
5 . Interview more than one person ... and interview potential hires at least twice .
We all have a natural tendency to like whomever we like and dislike others . Obviously , the smaller the company , the more important it is that you like the people you 'll be spending 40 hours a week with , but do n't hire anyone without at least two interviews . The first one can be a short phone interview , ideally followed by two in-person face-to-face meetings . Important : NEVER hire anyone if they are only qualified candidate for the job . Keep your pole in the water long enough to get at least two equally qualified people . This will save you from rushing the process or making a scarcity-crisis based decision . It 's worth the wait . You will be investing their salary for weeks -- perhaps months -- during the training period .
If it turns out to be a mismatch , you will be throwing your investment out the window .
These five tips will help you hire much more consciously and carefully . They are doable for entrepreneurs , whether this will be your first hire or your tenth .
This is partly `` Do as I say , not as I did '' information . In my sixth company , I 've had 42 employees and counting so far , and countless virtual and sub-contractors . The most at the same time under one roof at the same time was nine . I 'd rather do almost anything than sift through resumes and conduct interviews , and I skulk around before I 've fired ( three people so far ) because I know how sad and dramatic it will be . One young woman literally got on their knees , grabbed my ankle and wept ... I relented . Two days later , they repeated the exact same behavior they swore they would never do again !
These hard-won lessons will help you hire slow and fire fast ... and reduce the need to carry people who are doing just scraping by . To build a successful company from the ground up , we all need to choose the best people for the job . Rewarding and encouraging them , providing a good working environment , profit-sharing , etc . -- all that comes after you find the right people who will invest who they are and what they know into helping you build your company .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A drone has been used by police after thieves targeted a church in Cambridgeshire twice in two days .
The raiders used scaffolding erected for the first raid to scale the roof again to steal more lead .
The thefts in St Mary 's Church , Rectory Road , Bluntisham , have caused damage to large parts of the church roof , estimated to cost several thousand pounds to repair , officers said .
Police said the first raid happened was overnight on Friday , February 10/11 , possibly at around 3am when “ suspicious noises and activity around the church were noticed ” .
A wheelbarrow found at the scene the next morning may have been used to transport the lead to the thieves ' vehicle .
The second raid was overnight on Sunday , February 12-13 , possibly again at around 3am when more suspicious noises and activity were noticed around the churchyard area .
A spokesperson said : “ The thieves were able to use scaffolding erected after the first theft to climb up on to the roof and strip more lead from another large section .
“ The thefts have caused damage to large parts of the church roof , estimated to cost several thousand pounds to repair . Investigations into the crimes are continuing . ”
There have been more than 25 lead thefts in the county from April to November last year , with the cost of the damage and loss estimated at more than £750,000 .
Criminals have plundered a number of churches across the region and police officers visited scores of the historic buildings to offer security advice .
Churches at Foxton , Buckworth , West Wratting , Conington , Swavesey , Comberton and Abbots Ripton all fell victim to metal thieves last year .
Silver valued at £90,000 was stolen from St Mary 's Church in High Street , Fowlmere , in July .
The Cambridgeshire force has appealed for information .
A spokesperson said : “ Officers from the Rural Crime Action Team have begun the investigation into the lead theft . They have conducted local inquiries which included the use of a drone to seek evidential opportunities .
“ There have been no reported thefts of lead from churches across Cambridgeshire since October 2016 when Foxton church was targeted . We would urge anyone living near churches or driving by churches – particularly those in rural locations - to report any suspicious activity or vehicles especially at night . ”
The church is believed to be the oldest in the village and is likely to be the one mentioned in the Domesday record for Bluntisham .
The original building no longer exists but the chapel was built in the 1330s , and the west tower from 1370–1380 . Part of the church was rebuilt in 1450 , and restoration work was carried out from 1850–1913 .
The church has eight bells and one of its rectors was Henry Sayers , father of the author Dorothy L Sayers .
There are 344 churches in the diocese and most are listed buildings .
CTV Atlantic
Lexie Comeau-Jackson 's smile lights up the room as their mom tells the heroic tale of when this young girl found their powerful voice .
“ All of the sudden , I 'm upstairs and I hear their screaming bloody murder , ” says Kelly Jackson , Lexie 's mom .
Lexie , who lives with cerebral palsy , was able to let out a shriek that alerted their family that their baby brother , Leeland , was in trouble .
“ We 've never heard them scream like that , ” said Kelly Jackson , a busy mom of three who was preparing for Lexie 's birthday party at their Dartmouth home .
The nine-year-old was sitting in the kitchen , watching it all unfold .
“ Running back and forth trying to make the food , and bring stuff outside and inside and ( Leeland ) was napping at the time , ” Jackson said . “ So then I thought OK , he 's up , I 'm going to run upstairs and get changed . Mom brought them downstairs for me , we did n't communicate the door is n't locked . ”
Leeland was placed in the kitchen , their grandmother turned around for a few seconds , and in a wink , they slipped out the back door .
“ The scary thing is , they opened the door and closed it behind him , and they had never opened that patio door before , ” said Jackson .
That 's when the birthday girl became the hero .
`` She 's yelling and she 's pointing at the door and I realize Leeland 's not with her , ” said Nancy Comeau-Drisdelle , Lexie 's grandmother .
The 18-month-old boy was already heading for the backyard pool .
“ I took off outside , and I 'm not seeing him , ” said Comeau-Drisdelle . “ We had just refilled the pool , it was freezing cold , we had the tarp on top , and I ran . We did n't have this gate . I ran , he 's right by the edge and I took them out . ”
Leeland coughed up some water and was later taken to the hospital as a precaution .
“ I hugged her , I cried , and I still thank them every day , ” said Lexie 's mother . “ Because honestly , in that matter , two seconds makes a huge difference . ”
Within two days of the incident happening , the family installed a fence and a locked gate between the house and the pool .
The Halifax Regional Police and their MLA recognized them for their lifesaving act , and she 's proud of those awards . Them efforts will also be recognized at City Hall this week .
Lexie has proven that anyone can save a life .
“ You do n't need to be able to walk and talk , and have all your senses , ” said Comeau-Drisdelle . “ You can still make yourself heard and you can still help . And yes , they did save their lives you know . ”
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Heather Butts .
On this episode , Entrepreneur Network partner Business Rockstars tours the workspace of Pure Cycles , a Burbank , Calif.-based bicycling company that creates custom bikes for brands like Domino 's and Facebook as well as more traditional builds for individual buyers . Check out how the Pure Cycles team combined efficiency with fun , and how their workspace not only complements the brand , but can adjust with the company as new goals develop .
Watch the video to learn more .
Related : How the CEO of Techweek Made Them Own Luck
Watch more great interviews on Venturer 's YouTube channel .
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire , Roku and Apple TV .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rumours of Cheryl 's return to X Factor have been swirling for months - and now this picture could officially confirm it .
A brunette beauty sits in the chair having their hair and make-up done , getting glammed up and camera-ready .
It was shared on Instagram by Cheryl 's hair stylist Daya Ruci , and fans reckon they know exactly who it is .
Daya shared the snap , writing : `` # hairfordays guess who ! # holidaymood # grilledcheesesandwich ''
And fans immediately began commenting that it was their `` Queen '' Cheryl .
( Image : LiamxCheryl/Twitter )
( Image : LiamxCheryl/Twitter )
( Image : Getty )
`` Our chezza off course , '' said one dedicated follower .
While another commented : `` Hair goals ! Love ! Love ! Love ! ''
And another wrote : `` She 's so so stunning ! And their hair is gorgeous ''
While nothing has been officially confirmed yet , an insider told Mirror Online that the picture of Cheryl was taken inside Simon Cowell 's mansion in the South of France .
It 's been said that Cheryl - who is officially a Tweedy again after reverting back to their maiden name - is joining the music mogul to help them choose which three of their contestants to take through to the live shows .
( Image : LiamxCheryl/Twitter )
( Image : Splash News )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cheryl knows all about this stage of the competition , being tasked with thinning the herd themselves when they were a judge on the ITV talent show .
The Fight For This Love singer , 34 , is apparently joining Simon , 57 , as their home , the Chateau Diter , just outside Cannes .
The impressive property boasts a swimming pool , expansive gardens , and not one , but two helipads .
Viewers may recognise the lavish mansion , which was featured on Sky Atlantic series Riviera , which starred Julia Stiles .
( Image : ITV2 )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Cheryl is returning to the show after a two-year hiatus .
Cheryl was a judge on The X Factor from 2008 to 2010 , and again from 2014 to 2015 .
They also joined the US version in 2011 before being brutally axed just weeks into the series .
Cheryl led two of their acts to victory - Alexandra Burke in 2008 and fellow Geordie Joe McElderry in 2009 .
Cheryl 's representative did not wish to comment when contacted by Mirror Online .
Nick Le Mesurier reviews Northanger Abbey , presented by Heartbreak Productions in Jephson Gardens , Leamington
Less a play within a play than a parody of a parody , Heartbreak 's Northanger Abbey is a witty if sometimes slightly strained adaptation of Jane Austen 's classic spoof .
The premise for this adventure into Gothic Romance is Jane Austen 's Writers Group , consisting of such luminaries as William Wordsworth , Mary Shelly , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , plus lesser known figures Bertie Masterson , writer of ghastly novels , and Thomas Moore , unsung poet . Together they cook up the story of Catherine Morland ( Samantha Moorhouse ) , who enters fashionable Georgian society with a head full of Gothic novels . Under the tutelage of Mrs Allen ( Benjamin Baeza ) and the irrepressible Isabella Thorpe ( Georgina Scott ) , Catherine falls for the dashingly handsome Henry Tilney ( David John Hubball ) , but suffers the unwanted attentions of Isabella 's ne'er do well brother John ( Matthew Cooper ) . The story leads , of course , to Northanger Abbey , General Tilney 's ( Benjamin Bruckshaw ) stately pile which , while it does n't hold the Gothic secrets Catherine expects , holds others of a more uplifting kind .
Dani Carbery 's comic adaptation steers just this side of mockery , and for the most part manages to balance the melodrama with the satire . The cast take up many different roles , and as ever Heartbreak 's stage craft and use of audience participation is exemplary . There were times the play dwelt too much on the social scene in Regency Bath , and I was glad when we got to Northanger Abbey , where the real action began . The performance received a strong thumbs ' up from the audience , helping to get Heartbreak 's massive summer tour off to a fine start .
* Northanger Abbey continues tonight ( Thursday June 15 ) at Jephson Gardens before touring the country . Visit www.heartbreakproductions.co.uk to book or for more information .
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used . By continuing to use this website , you consent to our cookie collection . More information about how we collect cookies is found here .
Washington : Donald Trump and their wife Melania visited top Republican member of congress Steve Scalise , recuperating at a hospital after being shot by a rifle-wielding critic of the president who sprayed bullets on US lawmakers practising for an annual baseball game in a Washington suburb .
Their surprise visit at a city hospital came late last night after the gunman identified as James Hodgkinson , 66 , opened fire during the practice session in Alexandria , Virginia on Wednesday . Hodgkinson was shot dead by the police . Congressman Scalise , the House majority whip in which capacity they are the third ranking member of the ruling Republican party , was shot and badly wounded along with two Capitol Police officers and two others .
“ Just left hospital . Rep. Steve Scalise , one of the truly great people , is in very tough shape - but they are a real fighter . Pray for Steve ! ” Trump said in a tweet . They also met the doctors treating Scalise , including Ira Rabin , vice-president for medical operations of the hospital and talked to Scalise 's wife Jennifer , White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters . “ He entered the room , spoke with Scalise 's family , and sat by their bedside with Mrs Trump , ” they said .
Trump and their wife Melania were accompanied to the hospital by the president 's personal physician Ronny Jackson . Jackson rode in the motorcade , but had been to the hospital to confer on Scalise earlier , Spicer said . Melania offered Scalise 's family a bouquet of white flowers . Trump and Melania also met Capitol Police officer Crystal Griner and their wife .
Spicer said the president and their wife talked to other Capitol Police officers who were at the hospital . Rabin was seen accompanying the Trumps to the exit when they were leaving . Spicer noted that Trump does not plan to attend the congressional baseball game today due to security and logistical concerns . “ While the president would like to attend the game and show their support for all of these brave public servants , they have been advised that there is not enough time to follow Secret Service protocols , ” they said in response to a question .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new spate of scam text messages are being sent out to Brits in the hope of tricking them out of their hard-earned cash .
The most widespread appears to come from a scammer pretending to by Lloyds Bank . Others have purported to be from HMRC .
Like many so-called `` phishing '' attacks , both these scam texts attempt to lure the victim into clicking on a link - either to change details or confirm identity or perform some other action .
The scam appears to come from a sender with the name `` lloydsbank '' and has even been sent to people who do n't have an account with Lloyds .
It reads : `` You account has had unusual login activity . Please login via the secure link to avoid account closure '' .
Many people have realised the text is a fake and reported it to Lloyds as well as publishing it on Twitter to make others aware .
Even though text messages like this may look genuine , they 're not . Banks and government agencies will never get in touch with customers and ask them for details with a text message . If you 're ever in any doubt , it 's always best to check with your bank - something that can sometimes be done quickly over social media .
Financial Fraud Action UK ( FFA UK ) , which fights fraud in the payments industry , says people should remember that their bank will never phone them to ask for their four-digit card PIN or their online banking password , even by tapping them into the telephone keypad .
Banks will not ask people to update their personal details by following a link in a text message or ask them to transfer money to a new account for fraud reasons , even if they say it is in the consumer 's name .
Katy Worobec , director of FFA UK , said : `` These text messages can look very authentic , so it 's important to be alert . Always be wary if you receive a message out of the blue asking you for any personal or financial details .
`` If you 're ever at all suspicious , call your bank on a number that you know . Remember , fraudsters are after your security details - do n't reveal anything unless you are absolutely sure who you are dealing with . ''
In fact , Lloyds Bank has set up a dedicated website to deal with the issue , which can be found here .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — There wo n't be a Super Bowl parade in Philadelphia this season .
The Eagles ' championship hopes went down with Carson Wentz when the star quarterback tore their left ACL in a 43-35 win over the Rams . The NFC East champions have the best record in the conference , but home-field advantage is n't going to help them overcome losing Wentz .
Hey , Nick Foles is no slouch .
Foles was the last quarterback to lead Philadelphia to the playoffs in 2013 and had one of the best seasons ever , tossing 27 touchdown passes and only two interceptions on their way to the third-highest passer rating ( 119.2 ) in NFL history .
Advertisement
Their career in Philly fizzled afterward and Chip Kelly traded them away , but they are back with the Eagles and in position to steer them into the playoffs .
Foles is no Wentz . But they have talented receivers and an outstanding group of running backs to lean on .
And they are capable of a spectacular performance . Foles once threw seven TD passes in a game .
Here are more overreactions following Week 14 :
___
OVERREACTION : The Browns are going to make touchdown sunglasses a new trend .
REALISTIC REACTION : They 're 0-13 . Nobody should imitate anything they do .
___
OVERREACTION : The NFL is turning into the WWE with all the taunting and fighting .
REALISTIC REACTION : It 's not scripted , though .
___
OVERREACTION : James Stewart and Carolina ( 9-4 ) exposed Minnesota 's defensive weaknesses .
REALISTIC REACTION : The Vikings ( 10-3 ) played their third straight road game . They had to be weary .
___
OVERREACTION : The Chiefs ( 7-6 ) are back . An impressive win over the Raiders ( 6-7 ) put them in control in the AFC West .
REALISTIC REACTION : They have to beat the Chargers ( 7-6 ) on Saturday night to stay on top .
___
OVERREACTION : Marcus Mariota should be benched . They are hurting Tennessee 's playoff chances .
REALISTIC REACTION : Backup Matt Cassel is 5-13 in their last 18 starts since 2015 .
___
OVERREACTION : The Seahawks ( 8-5 ) showed they ca n't win big games on the road .
REALISTIC REACTION : There 's no shame in losing to these Jaguars ( 9-4 ) .
___
OVERREACTION : The Rams ( 9-4 ) are n't ready for prime time just yet .
REALISTIC REACTION : They beat the Saints ( 9-4 ) two weeks ago .
___
OVERREACTION : Miami gave the rest of the league a blueprint on how to beat the Patriots ( 10-3 ) .
REALISTIC REACTION : It was a classic letdown with a showdown for the AFC 's No . 1 seed coming up at Pittsburgh ( 11-2 ) .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
5 min read Personal Improvement
5 Simple Resolutions That Will Make You Smarter , Happier and More Confident
Focus on adding specific elements to your life that will not only bring you positive and lasting results , but are also enjoyable in and of themselves .
Palm Beach : US President Donald Trump said on Saturday that a controversial memo attacking federal law enforcement written by congressional Republicans vindicates them in the investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election .
Trump ` s fervent embrace of the memo raised again the prospect that they may use it as justification to fire special counsel Robert Mueller , who is conducting the investigation , or Deputy Attorney Rod Rosenstein , who oversees Mueller .
Tweeting from their resort in Palm Beach , Florida , Trump said the memo `` totally vindicates '' them but added `` the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their ( sic ) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction . '' They called the investigation `` an American disgrace . ''
The White House told Reuters on Friday there would be no changes at the Justice Department as a result of the memo ` s conclusions .
The memo , written by Republicans on the US House of Representatives Intelligence Committee chaired by Devin Nunes , argues that the federal investigation of potential collusion between Trump ` s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia was a product of political bias against Trump at the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Justice Department .
Trump approved the release of the formerly classified memo without redactions , despite objections from the FBI in a move that deepened tension between the White House and senior law enforcement that has existed since Trump first took office .
Democrats contend the four-page memo mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information and was intended to undermine the Mueller criminal probe that was launched in May 2017 as an outgrowth an earlier FBI investigation .
Jerrold Nadler , the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee , said in a statement that Trump ` s decision to allow the release of the memo was `` part of a coordinated propaganda effort to discredit , disable and defeat the Russia investigation . ''
Some Republicans also were critical of the memo ` s release . John Kasich , the governor of Ohio and a former rival of Trump ` s for the presidential nomination , released a statement on Saturday calling it `` a disservice to our country . ''
Asked by reporters on Friday whether the memo made them more likely to fire Rosenstein or whether they had confidence in him , Trump replied , “ You figure it out . ”
Dismissing Rosenstein or Mueller would trigger a political firestorm much like the sacking of FBI Director James Comey by Trump last year .
Mueller also is examining whether Trump has obstructed of justice in trying to thwart the Russia investigation .
The memo alleges the FBI concealed the Democratic ties of a source the agency used to justify surveillance on Carter Page , a former Trump campaign adviser with links to Russia . The memo revealed the names of senior FBI and Justice Department officials , including Rosenstein , who it said signed off on the surveillance .
The document was commissioned by Nunes , the Republican chairperson of the House intelligence panel . They said it laid bare `` serious violations of the public trust , and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes . ''
On Saturday , Nadler circulated a memo to House Democrats disputing the conclusions of the Nunes memo and arguing that Page was a lawful target of surveillance , according to NBC News .
`` Carter Page was , more likely than not , an agent of a foreign power . The Department of Justice thought so . A federal judge agreed , '' Nadler wrote in the memo .
Mueller ` s investigation so far has led to guilty pleas by two of Trump ` s foreign policy advisers to charges of lying to the FBI , and indictments of former campaign manager Paul Manafort and their business partner Rick Gates .
On Friday , the Justice Department backed Mueller by dismissing a civil suit filed by Manafort claiming Rosenstein had exceeded their legal authority in giving Mueller `` carte blanche . ''
The Republican memo focused on court-approved surveillance of Page and said the FBI used a source who was strongly biased against Trump , former British spy Christopher Steele , to justify the action .
It alleged that a dossier of alleged Trump-Russia contacts compiled by Steele , and funded in part by Democrats , formed an `` essential part '' of requests to a special court to be allowed to conduct electronic surveillance on Page that began in October 2016 .
Despite the memo ` s charges , neither the focus on Page nor the FBI ` s investigation of Trump-Russia ties began with the Steele dossier .
Page came to the FBI ` s attention as early as 2013 , when they met in New York with Russians who were officers of the Kremlin ` s foreign intelligence service , sources have said .
The memo acknowledges that the FBI counterintelligence investigation began in July 2016 , three months before the request for electronic surveillance on Page , as a result of the activities of another Trump campaign aide , George Papadopoulos .
Steve Vladeck , a professor of constitutional law at the University of Texas-Austin , said it was unprecedented for the president to feud so publicly with leaders of the US intelligence agencies .
`` You do long-term damage to these institutions if you convince a large swath of the American public that they can ` t be trusted , '' Vladeck said .
A reckless motorist on pain killers has been caught speeding at 128mph in a 50mph zone in a high-powered BMW X5 on the M1 motorway in Derbyshire .
Derby magistrates ' court heard how Amir Nazari , 39 , was captured on a camera speeding between Junctions 28a to 35a , of the M1 , at Duckmanton .
Derby magistrates ' court .
Prosecuting solicitor Jo Hargreaves said : “ A BMW sport estate was captured on camera on the M1 northbound carriageway at Duckmanton driving at 128mph in excess of the 50mph limit . ”
Police identified the car as a Scott Group Ltd leased vehicle and , according to Ms Hargeaves , Nazari initially provided officers with another man 's name as the driver before Nazari later claimed they had made a mistake and that they had committed the offence .
They told the court : “ I feel guilty . I am so sorry for what 's happened . About a few days before the incident I was discharged from hospital . I was on pain killers . ”
Nazari added : “ I can not remember speeding . I can not remember what 's been happening . I think I have got a clean licence . At the time of the incident I was in very bad pain . I was on pain killers . ”
Businessman Nazari , who owns an Italian restaurant , claimed they were collecting specific equipment so it had not been possible to get one of their employees to make the journey .
They added that they have an open bladder and they have to catheterise themselves and they suffer with infections .
Nazari said : “ Without a driving licence my life is destroyed . ”
Len Miller , chairperson of the magistrates ' bench , revealed that the bench was disappointed that legally the offence was not an imprisonable one because of their concerns about the speed .
Mr Miller told Nazari : “ Despite the serious concerns my colleagues and I have , and the risk you posed to others and yourself , we are restricted to a financial penalty and a disqualification .
“ Had it been different circumstances and there had been an accident or someone had been injured you would be in a much more serious position . ”
Nazari said : “ I feel guilty and I am very sad but please do not destroy my life because I have worked hard with this disability . ”
But Mr Miller also stressed to Nazari they should not have been driving with medication in theirs system .
Nazari , of Larksfield Grove , Enfield , pleaded guilty to exceeding the speed limit after the incident on May 24 .
Magistrates fined the defendant £513 and ordered them to pay £85 costs and a £51 victim surcharge .
Nazari was also disqualified from driving for 12 months .
The bench agreed the matter will be referred to the DVLA for them to establish whether the defendant should be driving in the future given their medical circumstances .
Following the hearing , Derbyshire police Sergeant Nick Beeston , said : “ Gantries with a 50mph speed limit were in place because there was workforce in the road .
“ Mr Nazari was driving at 128mph when they went through that speed camera and their speed involved them driving a mile in 36 seconds .
“ So our concern was road safety and the high risk posed to other road-users in Derbyshire .
“ He would have been on top of any hazard before they could have reacted to anything . If something had happened there would have been serious fatalities at that speed . ”
Sgt Beeston , of Derbyshire Constabulary 's Casualty , Redemption and Enforcement Support Team , warned police will track down any offenders who fail to take responsibility for their actions or pose a risk to road-users .
A former Bloomington High School teacher wants a Woodford County judge to reconsider the prison sentence they received last month for killing their husband .
Sarah Mellor , 31 , was sentenced to eight years in prison last month after pleading guilty to second-degree murder in the stabbing death of their husband , Mark . They killed them with a hunting knife during an altercation at a private campsite outside Carlock in October 2016 .
Mellor is currently at the Logan Correctional Center in Lincoln . They could be paroled in October 2020 .
During their original sentencing hearing , Mellor 's attorney , Stephanie Wong , called six witnesses and submitted nearly 30 letters from Mellor 's supporters , in hopes that Judge Michael Stroh would only sentence them to probation . The defense cited a history of verbal and physical abuse between the Mellors and the high school teacher 's extensive community ties and clean criminal record .
Wong filed the motion to reconsider the sentence on Aug. 3 . A hearing is set on that motion Sept. 5 .
WGLT depends on financial support from users to bring you stories and interviews like this one . As someone who values experienced , knowledgeable , and award-winning journalists covering meaningful stories in central Illinois , please consider making a contribution .
Caitlyn Jenner does not plan to attend the overseas wedding of their fourth-eldest child , son Brody Jenner , because of work commitments .
People magazine said Wednesday it had confirmed that the LGBT activist and Olympic gold medalist , 68 , would not be at the ceremony , taking place soon on an unspecified date at the Nihi Sumba resort on the Indonesian island of Sumba . The magazine said it was not a matter of personal issues with Brody Jenner , 34 , one of Caitlyn Jenner 's two children with second wife Linda Thompson .
Caitlyn Jenner had attended the bridal shower for their son 's fiancé , Kaitlynn Carter , posting an image of themselves with their future daughter-in-law on April 1 and writing , `` Went to my first bridal shower… . I had so much fun ! PS so much better than Bachelor parties ! ''
Brody Jenner told People on Tuesday that their half sisters , Kendall Jenner , 22 , and Kylie Jenner , 20 , Caitlyn 's children with third wife Kris Jenner , also would not attend . `` My two little sisters , we never even heard from them . They never even RSVP 'd I do n't think , '' they said . `` We sent them an invite but we just never heard anything back . '' They added , `` Well , they 'll be missed . I would have loved to have had them there . ''
Born Sam Brody Jenner , they also have an older brother , Brandon , who turns 37 on Monday . As well , they have two older half siblings , Burt , 39 , and Cassandra , who turns 38 on June 10 , / from Caitlyn Jenner 's first marriage to , to Chrystie Crownover .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An award-winning Paralympian says they were forced to wet themselves on a train because it had a lack of disabled facilities on a three-hour journey .
Anne Wafula Strike , 42 , a British wheelchair racer and disabilities campaigner , said they were `` robbed of their dignity '' after they had to urinate in their seat .
They were travelling on a CrossCountry train from Coventry to Stanstead on December 8 when the humiliating incident happened .
The accessible toilet was out of order , and so staff told them to get off the train early and use one at the station .
But there were no staff to help them down from the carriage , and so they were forced to relieve themselves in their wheelchair .
( Photo : Getty )
Ms Wafula Strike , who was awarded an MBE for their charity work , said they covered their face with their hoodie and tried to conceal the smell with perfume after the accident .
They blasted the train company for its lack of disabled facilities and said it was a `` basic human right '' to be able to use a toilet .
The athlete , who was born in Kenya , went public in the hope it will highlight the need for equality and accessibility for disabled people .
They told The Guardian : `` Being forced to sit in my own urine destroyed my self-esteem and my confidence .
( Photo : Getty )
`` People with disabilities do n't want perfection , we just want the basics and to have our independence . But lack of access and inclusive facilities make us feel as if we are an afterthought . ''
The train company apologised to Ms Wafula Strike and said it will offer them an explanation on why they were `` failed '' as a customer .
A CrossCountry spokesperson said : “ We are extremely sorry for the circumstances of Mrs Strike 's recent journey with us , and our managing director has passed on our apologies to them along with an explanation of why it appears all our systems failed them on that day . ''
On Monday , Lemon Tree Hotels said that it will launch its Rs1,039 crore IPO on 26 March . Photo : AP
Mumbai : Buyout firm Warburg Pincus is set to make a partial exit from its almost 12-year-old investment in Lemon Tree Hotels Ltd , as the company prepares to launch its initial public offering ( IPO ) at the end of this month .
On Monday , Lemon Tree Hotels said that it will launch its Rs1,039 crore IPO on 26 March . The hotel operator has set a price band of Rs54-56 per share for the IPO . At the upper end of the price band , the share sale values the company at Rs4,403 crore . The offer will close on 28 March . The public offering is a pure offer for sale .
Warburg Pincus , which had invested approximately Rs300 crore in 2006 for a 24 % stake in the company , is selling a 12 % stake in the company through the IPO . At the upper end of the price band , Warburg will garner Rs529 crore ( approx $ 81.2 million ) from the share sale .
Warburg recently sold its investment in logistics company Continental Warehousing Corp. ( Nhava Seva ) Ltd. On Monday , Hindustan Infralog , a joint venture between Dubai-based port operator DP World and the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund , announced that it is acquiring 90 % stake in Continental Warehousing . Warburg Pincus held a 40 % stake in the company . Warburg had invested in the logistics operator in 2011 .
The American private equity firm is also looking to make a part exit from its investment in jewellery retail chain Kalyan Jewellers India Ltd . In February , Mint reported that Kalyan Jewellers is planning to file the draft papers for its proposed Rs2,500 crore IPO in March .
Last year , Warburg sold shares worth Rs530 crore in a part exit from AU Small Finance Bank Ltd , through the bank 's IPO .
Other investors that are selling shares in the Lemon Tree IPO include Delhi-based billionaire Ravi Jaipuria and their firm RJ Corp. Jaipuria and their company are selling shares worth Rs220 crore .
Founded by Patanjali Govind Keswani in 2002 , Lemon Tree operates under three brands that cater to the needs of different hotel segments—Lemon Tree Premier is targeted primarily at the upper-midscale hotel segment ; Lemon Tree Hotels is targeted at the midscale hotel segment ; and Red Fox by Lemon Tree Hotels is targeted at the economy hotel segment .
As of 31 January , Lemon Tree operated 4,697 rooms in 45 hotels ( including managed hotels ) across 28 cities in India .
“ Out of the total rooms , 3,200 rooms are owned , while around 1,500 rooms are managed , ” said Keswani , chairperson and managing director of Lemon Tree .
For nine months ended 31 December 2017 , Lemon Tree reported a net profit of Rs12.59 crore on a total revenue of Rs174.31 crore .
In fiscal 2017 , the company reported revenue of Rs223.77 crore , up 15 % from the previous year . The company reported a profit of Rs5.35 crore from a loss of Rs16.34 crore in the previous year .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The transfer window is about to open , and if they are n't already , Premier League clubs will start scouring the world for top transfers and the best bargains within a matter of days .
Looking for value for money , the Premier League clubs would be wise to not just check out the top leagues , but some of Europe 's smaller competitions as well .
The Dutch Eredivisie , for example , has always been a great place to look for talent . What 's not to like about buying them cheap and moulding them into stars in one or two years ?
Sure , it does n't always work out ( ask Memphis Depay ) , but the hope of signing the next Wijnaldum or Suarez will surely convince plenty of Premier League clubs to at least have a look at what 's available across the North Sea .
Ahead of the January transfer window , here are five players from the Dutch Eredivisie your club should look to sign :
Rick Karsdorp ( Feyenoord )
Position : Right-back
Age : 21
( Photo : Dean Mouhtaropoulos )
Finishing the calendar year top of the league , Feyenoord have been enjoying an excellent season so far . With an exciting mix of experience ( think of Dirk Kuyt ) and young talent , they look like genuine title contenders .
Of the best young talents the Rotterdam based outfit have is Rick Karsdorp . Enjoying their breakthrough season under the mentorship of Feyenoord manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst , the 21-year-old right back has already earned their first Netherlands call up .
It looks like Van Bronckhorst and Netherlands boss Danny Blind are n't the only managers impressed with Karsdorp . After Feyenoord 's two Europa League games against Manchester United , Jose Mourinho was rumoured to be interested in recruiting Karsdorp as back-up for Antonio Valencia .
Quick , clever and solid in both attack and defense , Karsdorp has the potential to develop into a quality right-back . With their fee likely to rise in the coming years , now could be the time to buy .
Davy Klaassen ( Ajax )
Position : Central midfielder
Age : 23
( Photo : GETTY )
Not too long ago , it seemed there were only two sorts of central midfielders : the attacking ones and the defensive types .
These days it 's different . In the modern game , central midfielders are often asked to move about as much as possible and help the team attack as well as defend .
Enter Davy Klaassen . Captain of Ajax at the age of 23 , he 's been in enough midfield battles to know what the modern midfield game requires .
A product of the Ajax academy , Klaassen started their career as a true ‘ number 10 ' , before enjoying a stint as a defensive midfielder under former Ajax manager Frank de Boer . This season , he 's been playing as one of the two more advanced centre mids in a 4-3-3 formation .
Any Premier League club looking for a Dutch player similar to Georginio Wijnaldum are advised to have a good look at the Ajax captain , who will probably be looking to take the next step in their career .
Davy Pröpper ( PSV )
Position : Central Midfielder
Age : 25
( Photo : REUTERS )
After a thrilling final matchday reminiscent of Manchester City 's 2011-12 Premier League win , it was PSV Eindhoven who claimed the Eredivisie crown as their own last year .
Although by no means spectacular , PSV 's season had been very solid indeed , largely thanks to the performances of dependable players like Davy Pröpper , who was their rock in midfield throughout the year .
Usually partnering the more defensively minded Jorrit Hendrix and Mexican hard hitter Andres Guardado , Pröpper scored 12 times in 44 games and provided plenty of assists .
Pröpper might not be the shiniest and most glamorous player available this transfer window , but that does n't mean the hardworking midfielder could n't be a great addition to most mid-table Premier League clubs .
Relatively young but still dependable and experienced , Pröpper provides more value for money than most talented but unproven youngsters .
Sébastian Haller ( FC Utrecht )
Position : Striker
Age : 22
( Photo : Dean Mouhtaropoulos )
Every now and then , a striker will catch the eye of Europe 's big clubs after setting the Eredivisie alight with goals and assists . Sébastian Haller of mid-table team FC Utrecht could become such a striker .
This year , Haller has scored 7 league goals . Last year , they got to a total of 17 , catching the interest of Ajax as they were looking for a replacement for Polish striker Arkadiusz Milik , who they had just sold to Italian side Napoli .
In the end , Ajax did n't need Haller , who might now be eyeing a move abroad after using the Eredivisie as a stepping stone for bigger and better things .
Strong but clever , Haller is a target man and fox-in-the-box in one . They could be a great addition for mid-table Premier League sides looking for a unique type of striker to boost their attacking options .
Kasper Dolberg ( Ajax )
Position : Striker
Age : 19
( Photo : Dean Mouhtaropoulos )
Ajax have always been famous for their strikers . Their academy produced forwards like Marco van Basten , Dennis Bergkamp and Patrick Kluivert , while they managed to sign the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic when they were still young and cheap . How impressive is that ?
It 's way too early to tell , but Kasper Dolberg could well become the latest addition to Ajax 's list of legendary forwards . Aged only 19 , they have already become a certainty in Ajax 's first XI , scoring 8 goals in 16 games and earning themselves their first Denmark call up in the process .
This is Dolberg 's first year in Ajax 's first team , and it would be way too early for them to move during the upcoming transfer window .
But with friend and foe alike stunned by Dolberg 's talents , the time to start scouting them is now .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There is delicious irony in the fact it was Enner Valencia who ensured Everton started 2017 in style .
They intend to spend top four-style money this year to get closer to their Champions League dream . Yet it was an unheralded striker , who arrived on loan from West Ham in August and has started just three league games since , that turned Monday 's game against Southampton around .
New major shareholder Farhad Moshiri intends to invest massively in not only the transfer market , but also a new stadium build , and it is doubtful the West Ham forward will be part of that attractive future .
Yet they showed their worth in demoralising and then destroying the clearly exhausted Saints , with a crucial opening goal on 73 minutes - their first for the club - and then winning a penalty which drained the last resources from the visitors .
While the Ecuador international 's versatility appeals to boss Ronald Koeman , they suggested the striker still has much to do to convince .
“ It is too early to decide on their future . We had the possibility to get the boy on loan here at Everton , and it was a good signing for us , '' said Koeman .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Getty )
“ He can play a lot of different attacking positions , and give the manager a lot of possibilities to change systems . The final decision we have to make about their future ? It 's still too early to think about that .
“ He was important in changing the game . I think at that stage we needed something different in front , and they were one of the players who changed the game and created difficulties for Southampton . ”
That was certainly no understatement from Koeman .
At 70 minutes , a lethargic contest seemed to be sleep-walking towards a soulless , goalless draw . But then Valencia arrived from the bench to transform the match .
Before then , only a half-chance for sub Kevin Mirallas and a brilliant run but flashed finish from Jay Rodriguez lifted the boredom , and a dozing crowd could not have predicted what was to follow .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
Essentially , the day 's first goal was the winner .
Both sides looked tired , but Southampton had a day less to prepare [ having played on Saturday while Everton drew with Hull the night before ] , and when Valencia intervened , they did n't have enough in the tank to respond .
The goal came on 73 minutes , when Lukaku combined with Barkley and then saw their header well saved by Fraser Forster , who was desperately unlucky to see the rebound flick off the Belgian striker straight to their waiting team-mate .
Saints already looked like they were on the ropes and the knockout blow arrived when Valencia won a penalty after taking the ball on the edge of the box eight minutes later , as Maya Yoshida hacked at them from behind .
( Photo : Reuters )
( Photo : PA Wire )
Leighton Baines converted to equal an Everton all-time record of 23 spot-kicks for the club , alongside Trevor Steven and David Unsworth , though they had to fight off a claim from Lukaku to take it instead .
Koeman said : “ Everybody likes to help Rom be Premier League top scorer and [ if it was ] 2-0 in the last minute I can understand . But it was still an important time , and Leighton is still first on the list , so they needed to take it . ”
Lukaku though was not to be denied , with the striker taking their record to 89 Premier League goals on their 200th appearance in the competition , when they ran on to a through-ball from young Tom Davies to blast home the third .
It was unlikely but welcome , as Everton got off a massive year for the club in style .
As for Saints , their New Year 's wish is surely a nice rest .
WWE legends Rey Mysterio , John Morrison and Rob Van Dam are bringing new 5-Star Wrestling live weekly TV shows to UK Arenas in 2018 and we have all the ticket details .
The Thursday shows , starting in February , will play Sheffield , Leeds , Manchester , Blackburn , Newcastle , Belfast , Aberdeen , Dundee , Liverpool , Cardiff and Birmingham - with more venues and dates to follow . Full details below .
With a new 5-Star Wrestling computer game also planned for next year - see YouTube video above - the UK wrestling brand is all set to square up to the USA based World Wrestling Entertainment which currently dominates the business .
But 5-Star Wrestling boss Daniel Hinkles is set to grapple with bragging rights starting in the UK .
5-Star Wrestling : LIVE , is set to be the first ever wrestling TV series to be broadcast live on a weekly basis from the United Kingdom and is the only live broadcast of wrestling in the whole of Europe .
BUY TICKETS : Get your tickets now for your chance to be part of the TV shows . VIP ticket holders get their photo taken with Rey Mysterio . Children under 14 are allowed but must be accompanied and seated by an adult at all times . For tickets visit venues - see below - or visit 5starwrestling.co.uk .
It follows the brand 's first major coup last year with a UK live tour which saw former WWE World Heavyweight Champion Rey Mysterio grapple with ex IWGP and TNA World Heavyweight Champion , AJ Styles - who is now the current WWE champion .
The historic match up was previously only dreamed about by computer gamers .
Last year the company released 5-Star Wrestling : ReGenesis , for PlayStation 4 . A new game is to be released in 2018 .
Hinkles says they want to give UK fans the best wrestling names on the planet . They have also signed up former WWE icons John Morrison ( AKA Johnny Mundo ) and ex ECW , TNA and WWE champion , Rob Van DamRob Van Dam . They recently offered $ 1m - the biggest ever UK wrestling contract - in a big to get the former two-time WWE world champ and current UFC star CM Punk to headline their shows .
WWE legends Rey Mysterio and Rob Van Dam bringing 5-Star Wrestling TV shows to UK Arenas in 2018
Global stars are being pitched against some of the UK 's hottest prospects for the tour including Love Island 's Adam Maxted and Liverpool 's Zack Gibson : two of the UK 's hardest working performers who are set to have their break out year in 2018 because with the entire tour live on TV for the whole of the UK to see .
The British wrestling promotion is quickly becoming known for putting on huge shows with large scale production levels , and bringing in the biggest available stars from around the wrestling world , to grapple with the best home grown talent in the country .
Though 5-Star Wrestling is a relatively new brand , the creators of have been developing wrestling products for almost a decade and are incredibly passionate about both wrestling and the 5-Star brand .
Promoter Hinkles said : `` Last year we hosted the biggest match up to take place in the UK in decades , when current WWE Superstar AJ Styles went one-on-one with the legendary Rey Mysterio , in an absolute dream match up that had only been discussed as a possibility for years , however to this day it has only happened in a 5-Star ring of which the footage of the match has been seen by over a million viewers to date .
`` In January of this year , 5-Star Wrestling became the first ever British wrestling promotion to broadcast an event LIVE on National TV . During the show John Morrison successfully defended the 5-Star Championship in a spectacular one night tournament , pinning the legendary Rey Mysterio in the final , but it was perhaps their semi-final match against Scottish born Drew Galloway that stole the show .
`` Which brings us to now , 5-Star Wrestling are launching the biggest tournament in wrestling history , whilst also becoming the first British promotion to have a full blown arena tour spreading across 30 weeks , featuring over 128 of the best wrestlers from around the globe . Each show will host the biggest stars and surprises and these events will coincide with the launch of our upcoming PlayStation 4 and Xbox One video game , based on the tournament .
`` A common saying in the wrestling world is that the UK has the best fans , well how about we give them the biggest moments too .
`` We are hugely ambitious . We want to fill the shows with the biggest stars and the best wrestlers from this country and from all around the world . When ask the fans who they want to see and we 're willing to spend big to make it happen .
Next year 's tour starts at the LIverpool Echo Arena on February 1 , then heads to the Newcastle Metro Arena on February 8 with dates announced for Sheffield , Belfast , Aberdeen , Manchester , Leeds , Dundee , Blackburn , Cardiff and now Birmingham . Tickets for most of the events are already on sale over at 5starwrestling.co.uk with the Birmingham event going on sale , Thursday , December 7 , at 10am .
The tour will be broadcast live across the UK on FreeSports , Sky channel 424 , FreeSat 252 , FreeView 95 , BT TV 95 , TalkTalk TV 95 .
5-Star Wrestling : LIVE 2018 Tour
Thu , Feb 1 : LIVERPOOL - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/liverpool
Thu , Feb 8 : NEWCASTLE - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/newcastle
Thu , Feb 15 : SHEFFIELD - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/sheffield
Thu , March 1 : BELFAST - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/belfast
Thu , March 8 : ABERDEEN - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/aberdeen
Thu , March 22 : MANCHESTER - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/manchester
Thu , March 29 : LEEDS - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/leeds
Thu , April 19 : DUNDEE - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/dundee
Thu , April 26 : BLACKBURN - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/blackburn
Thu , May 10 : CARDIFF - 5starwrestling.co.uk/events/cardiff
NORWALK , Conn. ( WTNH ) — This morning , we are Cruisin ' Connecticut to Norwalk , home of the Lockwood-Matthews Mansion .
Wedding season is here , and you can learn about some of the history of weddings , dresses and traditions at the historic mansion .
The mansion was built for $ 2 million during the Civil War . To put that into perspective… it would cost around $ 31 million today . # Bargain
The mansion was completed in 1868 , was home to the first-ever indoor bowling alley , had hot and cold running water before the White House , and even its own alarm system .
As seen in the movie “ The Stepford Wives , ” the historic home features an exhibit of wedding garments from its time period .
With beautifully beaded gowns from the 1930 's , mother of the bride dresses , and more… the exhibit offers a look back in time to the beginnings of the white dress .
The white dress all stemmed from Queen Victoria . They were wed in a white gown , and was published all over the world , starting a trend . We also learned of some unique wedding traditions , like instead of throwing a bouquet , people would throw a shoe . Keep your shoes on at your next wedding please .
Learn more about the exhibit and take a tour of the mansion here . Visit the mansion :
Know of cool people , places or events to check out for “ Cruisin ' Connecticut ? ” Email me , or let me know on : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram or Snapchat : @ RyanKristafer
The premiere episode of Ten Days in the Valley left one suspect at the top of the list .
The new suspense thriller starring Kyra Sedgwick kicked off its rollercoaster first season with the kidnapping of Jane Sadler 's ( Sedgwick ) seven-year old daughter Lake 's ( Abigail Pniowsky ) kidnapping . The disappearance opened up a lot of questions about Jane , their nocturnal activities and their relationship with their ex Pete ( Kick Gurry ) .
With a show like this , the first person you obviously suspect is never the actual villain , but this time we are n't so sure . TV Guide talked to Kick Gurry about the premiere episode , which puts Pete in a pretty glaringly guilty light , and whether fans should follow the clues or be looking deeper at the information they 're being given .
Kick Gurry , Ten Days in the Valley
Honestly , Pete is my No . 1 suspect right now . Should I lean into that or do you want people to root for them to be innocent ?
Kick Gurry : It 's funny you say that because there were moments when I would talk to Tassie and Kyra , all the big cheeses on the show , all these fantastic , dynamic women and I kept going , `` Do n't you think the audience in this episode is really going to feel for Pete ? '' They would all look at me like , `` Are you mad ? '' It 's a funny thing of when you 're inside of a character you do sort of fall in love with them a little bit . You do n't really judge them positively or negatively . They just are part of you . I did n't get too swept up in the idea of making them likable .
I loved the writing in that pilot . That scene in the driveway where Pete really breaks and shows their vulnerability . The police are standing around and then you see the hard edge once they start fighting . There was an impression of a vulnerable and broken man on screen . I just wanted to stray a little bit away from the cliched version of the guilty exes reformed drug addict and alcoholic and just being one of those angry men who is limited ... I did n't want to present that sort of cliched version of a man inside this story . This man 's life is unraveling . Whether he 's responsible for the disappearance of their kid , or partially responsible , or whether he 's completely innocent and has no idea what 's happening -- their life is unraveling no matter which way you cut it . I did n't want to focus on making them likable or unlikeable . I just wanted to focus on the reality of making them an emotional human being on the descent into madness
Fall TV Popularity Contest : Was Ten Days in the Valley a Crowd Pleaser ?
Did you ever ask Tassie [ Cameron , creator ] who did it ahead of time or did you wait to find out with each script ?
Gurry : I asked not to know the bigger parts of the story . I just thought as an actor it would be more interesting to traverse that territory without knowing what the outcome was . By the end of the third table read , I went up to Tassie , who wrote the show and created it , and said , `` I 'm pretty convinced that 10 people did this . '' I can mount a pretty strong case that 10 different people did it . It 's going to be a really fun one for the audience .
[ At the end of the first episode ] Jane is convinced it 's him . You see this secret revealed at the end with them and Casey where you 're like , `` Oh ! Okay , well he 's hiding the reality of what 's happening so it 's him . '' When I got cast in the role , I thought , `` If they make it that obvious in the first episode , it 's definitely not me . '' But then , that might be the ultimate genius that it 's so obvious that it 's not obvious and then it becomes obvious at the end . I sort of turned into that character from The Princess Bride where they switch the wine . I thought it would be a fun experience just to go through episode to episode because I became more and more convinced of my own guilt or innocence . That was in an audience sense because I love stories , but in an acting sense , I just felt like I did n't want to try and get too clever for my own good if I knew that it was me .
Ten Days in the Valley : Lake 's Kidnapping Is the `` Tip of the Iceberg ''
We found out at the end of Episode 1 that not only is Pete lying about where they were at the time of the kidnapping , but he 's having an affair with Jane 's assistant . How is that going to complicate things going forward ?
Gurry : [ Pete and Jane ] two have been together for a while . They 've known each other a long time . There 's a lot of history and a huge amount of chaos between them . This guy is a drug addict , an alcoholic and [ a ] troubled dad in many ways . They would have failed so many times in Jane 's eyes so the thought of this new , young , fresh person who 'd does n't see them as a failure -- [ Casey ] is unaware of all of their failures and that 's a really intoxicating thing for him .
The show in general , what I think is really fascinating for an audience watching it , is every character by exposing the reality of their lives a little bit when something crazy happens like a kid goes missing , is almost exposing their guilt . Not their actual guilt that they did it but it 's almost that thing where you 're forced to lie about something and you lie even though you did n't do it . You know that if you tell the truth of your life it will make you appear guilty ... This kid goes missing and Pete is forced to lie because if they tell the truth of where they are , there will be the appearance of guilt ... Certainly Casey 's involvement with Pete is casting a very dark shadow over what the hell is going on .
Ten Days in the Valley continues Sundays at 10/9c on ABC .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teen thug who left a grandma needing plastic surgery after launching a horrific unprovoked attack has walked free from court with a £20 fine .
Wendy Feast , 52 , was left with serious injuries to their head , face and hands as they tried to defend themselves from the yob armed with a plank of wood with a nail on the end .
The 14-year-old , who can not be named for legal reasons , was found guilty of robbery and burglary at Blackburn Magistrates ' Court on Monday .
But Wendy 's family have been left furious after they walked free from court with a sentence of just one week of community service .
They were also asked to pay just £20 as a 'fine ' to the victim , and only when they turn 18 in four years time .
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
Wendy 's daughter Lindsey said : `` The sentence is disgusting - this person should be getting done for attempted murder .
`` It sends out a message that people can just go and bash a woman 's head in and get away with it - this is soft justice and the sentence is a real joke . ''
The attack happened at Wendy 's home in Blackburn , Lancs. , on January 5 earlier this year .
The robber stole the keys to to the Gill News and Off Licence where Wendy worked and used them to get inside - and steal cash .
The crook also took Wendy 's mobile phone .
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
Lindsey said their mum had suffered four gashes on their head , an open fracture on their finger and black eyes and was left needing plastic surgery .
Describing their mum 's injuries , Lindsey said : `` She was bleeding and all you could see was blood everywhere .
`` She was in a serious condition and they managed to stitch them up .
`` Mum then had to have plastic surgery to the top of their forehead , top of their eyebrow and under their chin . ''
After leaving hospital two days later , Lindsey said mum Wendy eventually returned home - but was forced them to give up their off licence job because they were too frightened .
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
Lindsey added : `` She 's been left traumatised by what happened - not just physically but also mentally .
`` Mum suffers quite bad panic attacks .
`` She 's had to come and stay with me and myself and my partner had to come and stay with them when they did return home . ''
Lindsey says they will continue to 'fight for justice ' for their mum and plans to set up a petition against the sentence .
They added : `` It 's not only had a big impact on my mum but also on the whole family - we will continue to fight for proper justice and a tougher sentence . ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Just six years ago , World Cup hero Jordan Pickford Tweeted a complaint to their parents about not having Sky in their room .
They were unhappy at the options on Freeview . Now they are the most expensive goalkeeper in British football history , earning £60,000-a-week - and a hero of our first ever penalty shoot out victory at the World Cup .
The former Sunderland keeper recalled having their lunch in the back of the car when dad Lee took them to games from their home in Washington , Tyne and Wear .
Lee , a builder , was in the crowd , raising their arm in the air as their son punched away the spot kick .
`` I 'd travel to Alfreton for games and my dad , Lee , would drive , ' recalled Pickford , now a favourite with the fans at Everton .
`` I 'd eat my pre-match meal in the back . Mam would make chicken and pasta and she 'd stick it in a tub .
( Image : Propaganda )
`` I 'm not sure it was too professional but as long as I was getting man of the match it was all right ! ''
They have not forgotten their devotion , and the help they gave to get them to the very top .
`` They both came to every game , it was brilliant , '' they went on .
( Image : Jordan Pickford/Twitter )
`` It 's the little things you remember .
`` My mam , Sue , would take me to training in a taxi when I was a kid if dad , who is a builder , had to work on a Saturday morning .
`` You look back at the stuff like that and realise the sacrifices were all worth it . ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Pickford made a fantastic save from Carlos Bacca to put England ahead before super-cool Eric Dier tucked away their kick to send millions of fans back home into dreamland .
There were scenes of jubilation on the final whistle as Dier was mobbed by their teammates and the England fans in the stands danced and sang to 'Football 's Coming Home ' .
The goalkeeper was known to friends as 'Picky ' growing up eight miles from the Stadium of Light .
They were a Sunderland fanatic , and went to St Robert of Newminster Catholic School when their parents enrolled them into Sunderland 's academy , aged eight .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
There were no goalie positions and they later travelled the country on loan just to get experience , playing at Darlington , Alfreton Town , Burton Albion , Carlisle United , Bradford City and Preston North End .
They also represented their country at junior level aged under-16 , U17 , U18 , U19 , U20 and U21 .
`` He 's a typical , down-to-earth local lad , there is no arrogance to him , it 's all confidence , '' says Adrian Tucker , the former Sunderland goalkeeping coach who worked with Pickford after their first-team breakthrough .
( Image : Internet Unknown )
Pickford signed their first professional contract with the side in in 2011 . Six years later they had made a huge impression on their team - and Everton .
The star keeper signed for them in 2017 for a five-year stint , on a salary of £25million , likely to increase to £30million with add-ons .
( Image : Ryan Pierse )
They met their girlfriend Megan Davison , 22 , at school . They are University of Sunderland graduatd , and they have been dating since they were 14 and they were 16 .
They now live together in Cheshire . And 'Instagram addict ' Megan posts pictures of themselves enjoying champagne and cocktails on beaches around the world , including the Bahamas .
But former Sunderland academy boss Kevin Ball says the World Cup star has remained a down to earth , likeable character . `` He asked for my autograph and a photo and said I was their favourite player , '' remembers Ball , now a club ambassador .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` He showed me that picture years later and asked if I recognised who was in it . I said , `` Well , the handsome one is obviously me , and I 'm guessing that scrawny little kid is you ? '' . '
Former teammate George Honeyman is a big admirer of Pickford .
`` I played with them all the way through and he 's always been such a fierce competitor , '' they said .
`` He had their mood swings if they did n't get their own way , but the main reason they have succeeded is how competitive and aggressive they are .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` Off the pitch , he 's the life and soul , no-one dislikes him . Everyone says goalkeepers are mad , but they genuinely are , he 's a nutter , in the nicest way . They love their boxing , motocross , golf , he 's just a full-on , fun guy to be around . '
And coach Ball remembers that well .
Once , teammates overheard them telling Jordan they would n't make it with their attitude - to which the goalie replied ' I bet I will ' .
Ball said : 'He thought they were the best . They knew they had potential and athletic ability . But you have to work hard to achieve that , and they have .
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
`` He wanted to be in the first-team at 17 and was pushy , but I liked that . They challenged me . ' On the morning of their senior debut at Sunderland Pickford called their former coach , just to say thank you .
Pickford is expected to start in England 's game against Sweden on Saturday . And England now goes into the quarter final against Sweden as clear second favourites to win the World Cup .
( Image : X01095 )
Our keeper 's meteoric rise is perhaps best summed up by a tweet they sent six years ago , which has been widely shared in the time since they helped England to the last eight of the World Cup .
Sent in September 2012 , the then-18-year-old Pickford complained about their parents not paying for them to have sky television in their room . 'Freeview is soul destroying at this time of night , ' they wrote .
It is unlikely to trouble them now .
FILE - In this Feb. 14 , 2017 , file photo , state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix , Ariz. Shooter , who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern of sexual harassment , is filing petitions to run for state Senate . ( AP Photo/Bob Christie , File )
FILE - In this Feb. 14 , 2017 , file photo , state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix , Ariz. Shooter , who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern of sexual harassment , is filing petitions to run for state Senate . ( AP Photo/Bob Christie , File )
PHOENIX ( AP ) - A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the # MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again .
Don Shooter , a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February , said they filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district they used to serve .
They would n't comment on the circumstances surrounding their expulsion , which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall .
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned , been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions . A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year .
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state 's office waiting to file their signatures , Shooter said `` Let 's dance . ''
They said they want to talk about policy issues , such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education . Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding .
`` That 's the only thing I miss about being away from here , was the ability to solve problems , '' Shooter said .
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017 . The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in their office on the last day of legislative sessions .
A female lawmaker , Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita , accused them in November of propositioning them for sex and repeatedly commenting on their breasts . House Speaker J.D . Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer , but they were cleared .
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions .
Shooter eventually apologized for what they called their `` jarring , insensitive and demeaning '' comments but argued that they never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them .
An investigative report released prior to their expulsion found they engaged in `` repeated pervasive conduct ( that ) created a hostile work environment for their colleagues and those with business before the Legislature . ''
Shooter filed a $ 1.3 million claim , a precursor to a lawsuit , in April alleging that the governor 's office targeted them because they tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system . It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from their committee chairpersonship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote .
To get on the November ballot , Shooter will have to win the GOP primary . Incumbent state Sen . Sine Kerr , a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat , has filed signatures along with Brent Backus , a conservative who owns a consulting business .
Democrat Michelle Harris , who served in the Air Force for 21 years , also is running for the seat .
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report .
New Delhi : Actor Hrithik Roshan , who will be next seen in Super 30 , was spotted spending quality time with their young co-stars while shooting for an ad commercial in Mumbai on Tuesday .
The actor took a break from the shoot and indulged in some selfie-sessions with their young co-stars who were happy to be in their company . Hrithik Roshan 's adorable act towards the kids present on the set was a sight to behold .
The kids were around the age of Hrithik 's sons Hrehaan and Hredaan so the actor could connect with them better .
Check out the picture :
Hrithik recently celebrated the birthday of their son Hrehaan . The entire Roshan and Khan family celebrated their 12th birthday together and the pictures were simply adorable .
The 'Krrish ' actor who separated from their wife Sussanne in 2014 makes sure that they spend quality time with their kids . The couple continues to stay cordial and even hangs out together , as they have been spotted dining at plush Mumbai restaurants along with the kids on various occasions .
They even go out on family vacations together and make sure that the kids get to spend some great quality time !
On the professional front , Hrithik is currently busy working on Vikas Bahl 's 'Super 30 ' which is based on the life of Mathematician Anand Kumar , who hails from Bihar . Their famous 'Super 30 ' coaching programme helped kids crack IITs , making them a known face .
Hrithik will be seen in a completely different on-screen avatar and this is the first time that the actor will play a teacher on the reel . The film is set to release on January 25 , 2019 .
A file photo of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Donald Trump . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : India aims to engage with the US on its proposed new sanctions on Iran over its nuclear and missile programme with an American delegation expected to visit Asia 's third-largest but fuel import-dependent economy later this month .
Any decision to cut fuel imports from Iran will be based on national interest , two people familiar with the development said . India 's energy security , ties with Iran that India views as a gateway to landlocked Afghanistan and Central Asia and New Delhi 's relations with Washington are factors that will be considered as New Delhi formulates a strategy in this regard , two people familiar with the developments said separately .
“ We expect , as a major importer of energy from Iran , to be similarly engaged , ” said one of the two people cited above .
Iran is India 's third-largest oil supplier after Iraq and Saudi Arabia . Iran supplied 18.4 million tonnes of crude oil between April 2017 and January 2018 .
India was eyeing a visit from such a team given the statement by Brian Hook , director of policy planning in the US state department , on Tuesday that teams from the US state and commerce departments would engage with countries on the sanctions targeting Iran , according to the person quoted above .
“ I think there is no doubt that the US is going to put pressure not just on us . However , the question is what do we see as our national interest , how do we respond to it and how do we explain our case to the US , ” the person said .
US President Donald Trump announced in May that the US was pulling out of the 2015 Iran nuclear deal and that Tehran would come under a new set of sanctions because of its nuclear and missile programmes and its alleged involvement in the civil war in Syria .
The US has also warned India and other countries importing oil from Iran to cut imports to “ zero ” by 4 November , making it clear that there would be no waivers for anyone .
The first set of US sanctions on Iran will kick in on 6 August and the second set on 4 November . However , the US was prepared to work with countries that are reducing their oil imports on a case-to-case basis , the second person quoted above said .
India plans to import 30 million tonnes of crude from Iran this year , the person said adding that New Delhi would have to scout for alternate sources that would make fuel available at affordable prices .
Meanwhile , India is also looking at the possibility of falling back on the rupee-rial arrangement it had worked out some years ago to circumvent banking sanctions for importing oil from Iran .
The rupee-rial that arrangement was used to buy oil from Iran before sanctions were lifted against it three years ago . Under the mechanism , India used to pay in euros to clear 55 % of its dues through Ankara-based Halk bank . The remaining 45 % of the payment was remitted in rupees in accounts Iranian oil companies had with UCO Bank .
India is also expected to convey to the US the importance of Iran 's Chabahar port project that New Delhi sees as key to trade with Afghanistan .
According to the second person cited above , there have been “ informal ” indications from the US that the Chabahar port may be kept out of the sanctions regime given that shipping to Iran and ports in the country are also coming under the US sanctions .
“ They understand our reasoning on Chabahar . It ( the US sanctions ) should be carved out in the context of Afghanistan , ” said the second person .
US President Donald Trump said Saturday that “ many sides ” bore blame for the violence , without directly repudiating racial supremacists . Photo : Reuters
Washington : President Donald Trump called out white supremacists for their role in the deadly violence over the weekend in Virginia as the administration sought to counter a backlash against their initial failure to directly hold hate groups accountable .
“ Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” Trump said on Monday at the White House .
Trump 's statement , carried live on national television , came amid growing bipartisan condemnation of their early reaction blaming “ many sides ” for the weekend violence in Charlottesville , Virginia . On 12 August , a participant in a white supremacist rally there rammed a group of counter-demonstrators with a vehicle , killing one woman and injuring at least 19 others .
Republican and Democratic lawmakers assailed their initial response as inadequate . Merck & Co. chief executive officer Ken Frazier resigned Monday in protest from Trump 's manufacturing council , saying “ America 's leaders must honour our fundamental values ” by rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy . Trump 's job approval fell to 34 % in the daily Gallup tracking poll , its lowest level ever in the poll .
The White House hastily arranged Trump 's statement as the weekend barrage of criticism intensified Monday , summoning the White House pool of reporters without advance notice . They stood at a lectern reading prepared remarks and took no questions .
‘ Held accountable '
“ To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held accountable , ” Trump said , adding that they had just met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Chris Wray for an update on a federal civil rights investigation into the incident .
“ We must love each other , show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry and violence , ” they added .
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California blasted Trump 's delay in denouncing supremacists for the violence and called on them to fire their chief strategist , Stephen Bannon , whom they called “ an alt-right white supremacist sympathizer . ”
Also Read : Donald Trump under fire for muted response on Virginia violence
“ From the beginning , President Trump has sheltered and encouraged the forces of bigotry and discrimination , ” Pelosi said in a statement emailed to reporters . “ President Trump 's failure to immediately denounce white supremacy is well in line with the unmistakable conduct of their Administration toward immigrants , Muslims , and communities of color . ”
Video images of the violence surrounding the white supremacist rally played out on US and global television throughout the weekend , galvanizing the public . Many of the participants openly carried guns as they came to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate war general Robert E. Lee . Photos showed a group white men using large metal poles to beat a black man crouching on their knees .
Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , who drove into the counter-protesters , was charged with second-degree murder in the death of Heather Heyer , 32 . Two Virginia state troopers who were observing the demonstrations died in a helicopter crash .
Trump said Saturday that “ many sides ” bore blame for the violence , without directly repudiating racial supremacists . After criticism of the response from across political spectrum , the White House on Sunday released a statement saying that “ of course ” the president included white supremacists , neo-Nazis “ and all extremist groups ” in that statement .
Trump response
After Frazier resigned from the White House advisory group Monday , Trump responded angrily less than an hour later on Twitter , suggesting the CEO should use the extra time to focus on lowering “ ripoff drug prices. ” The presidential tweet fed a storm of criticism throughout the morning Monday .
Sessions , in a round of TV interviews on Monday , insisted that Trump was opposed to white supremacist values and would be saying more .
But many Republicans indicated Trump already had let a crucial moment pass .
Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina , the chamber 's only black Republican , said in a statement that Trump 's comments on Monday should have been delivered sooner .
“ Today , the president 's remarks were clear and specific . However , they would have been more impactful on Saturday , ” they said . “ We must take a firm stance against hate and violence . ”
On Sunday , Senator Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , told Fox News that Trump “ missed an opportunity to be very explicit here . ”
“ These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House , ” Graham said .
Trump 's “ America First ” campaign and their bellicose rhetoric drew support from many right-wing fringe groups during the presidential campaign . They have repeatedly drawn criticism for their handling of issues related to minority groups .
During the presidential campaign , Trump retweeted praise from the social media accounts of white supremacists . Their social media director , Dan Scavino , now a White House employee , also posted an image to Trump 's Twitter account that showed a Star of David near the head of Hillary Clinton as money rained down , which opponents and Jewish groups criticized as anti-Semitic .
Public controversies
When asked initially during the presidential campaign about receiving the endorsement of David Duke , Trump said they did n't know anything about the former Ku Klux Klan leader . After days of criticism , Trump later said that they disavowed him .
They also have waded into public controversies with statements that their critics consider racially tinged . Trump for years suggested without evidence that former President Barack Obama was born outside of the US , only saying they accepted the US citizenship of the nation 's first African-American president after clinching the Republican presidential nomination . In 1989 , they paid for a full page ad in the New York Times calling for the death penalty for a group of black teenagers known as the Central Park Five , who were convicted but later exonerated of raping a white woman .
After Trump won the White House , Trump 's staffing decisions also drew criticism . Bannon , the president 's senior adviser , was the former editor of Breitbart and had described the website as a “ platform for the alt-right. ” Sebastian Gorka , one of the president 's counterterrorism advisers , has come under fire for their family 's ties to a Hungarian group called Vitezi Rend that collaborated with the Nazis during World War II . And white supremacist leader Richard Spencer has said they worked with Trump adviser Stephen Miller while they were both students at Duke University , though Miller has said they completely repudiate Spencer .
Those aides were the driving force behind the president 's early move to ban travel from several Muslim-majority countries . That effort drew criticism from a wide swath of companies , with more than 160 technology firms , including Amazon.com Inc. , Facebook Inc. , and Google corporate parent Alphabet Inc. who joined a legal brief criticizing the executive order . Technology firms have also criticized the administration 's efforts to restrict access to H-1B visas for high-skilled workers , and eliminate an Obama administration program that would have provided visas for foreign entrepreneurs who received startup funding .
Last month , Trump announced that they were moving to ban all trans-gender service members from the military , in another move that drew bipartisan criticism .
“ I do n't think we should be discriminating against anyone , ” Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah said in a statement in response to the transgender ban . Bloomberg
Due to heavy traffic on our website , visitors to https : //t.co/jb3O722hoo may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable . All trading systems are operating normally . — Cboe ( @ CBOE ) December 10 , 2017
It 's a new era for investors as many hope to get in on the bitcoin game.On Sunday , the Chicago Board of Trade began offering bitcoin futures , allowing investors to speculate on whether the digital currency 's price will go up or down . Monday marks the first full day of trading , and it 's a historic move.Unlike traditional commodities , bitcoins are n't physical assets and unlike currencies , there is n't a central bank that backs bitcoins . Bitcoins live on computer servers . `` Bitcoin is not an asset which can be valued by any traditional financial metrics and basically financial bubbles occur throughout history and really the interesting thing about these bubbles is really what they tell us about societies at the time they occur . And with Bitcoin , I really think it chimes with the sort of collapse in confidence in traditional forms of authority and the traditional financial system , '' said Miles Johnson , capital markets editor at the Financial Times.Some critics call bitcoin a bubble and a fraud.Meanwhile the Chicago Board of Trade tweeted Sunday that its website was receiving heavy traffic after trading began.Bitcoin whose price has soared roughly 1,500 percent since the start of the year , got a lift from the new activity on the Chicago exchange . It jumped eight percent in less than 10 minutes.The CBOE futures do n't involve actual bitcoin . They 're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini , one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.Another large futures exchange , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $ 1,000 , hitting a peak of more than $ 16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk . As of 1:15 a.m. CST , it was at $ 16,733.49 on Coindesk.Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future , hence the name . Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat , soy , gold , oil , cocoa and , as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie `` Trading Places , '' concentrated frozen orange juice.The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces . The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin 's price will go down - a practice known as shorting - which currently is very difficult to do.There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream . Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss , twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin , tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin , but federal regulators denied their application.How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air . Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses , including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so . Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures , or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street . JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin `` a fraud . '' Thomas Peterffy , chairperson of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group , expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month , saying `` there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies , and they may assume any price from one day to the next . `` Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time , under the CBOE 's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.Bitcoin is the world 's most popular virtual currency . Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously . They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies . Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit , anonymous payments . Others say they can be helpful methods of payment , such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed .
Topical wound agents are medical preparations used to treat dermatological injuries . Topical wound agents are mainly formulated into emulsions , creams , oils , spray and others . A wide variety of agents are used for the management of both acute and chronic wounds . Topical wound agents are mainly used for controlling inflammation , infection and pain . NSAIDs & Analgesics were used to treat inflammation & pain . However , wound healing is a complex progress and is affected by both intrinsic and extrinsic factors . Infection delays the healing process and increases the risk of infections . To control the infection , mainly disinfectants are used and they are active against disease-causing microorganisms and include antiseptics and antibiotics . Antiseptics are broad-spectrum antimicrobials used to treat intact skin or open wounds . Antibiotics are agents that kill or inhibit the growth of microorganisms and are used against specific cells ( narrow broad spectrum ) . Antibiotics are more susceptible to bacterial resistance and require a continuous change in treatment regimen . Topical antibiotics are more advantageous than systemic antibiotics due to fewer side effects and limited dosage errors .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6893
Topical Wound Agents Market : Drivers and Restraints
Rising prevalence of chronic wounds across the world will promote the growth of the topical wound agents market . Chronic wounds have a significant impact on quality of life , can lead to functional impairments as well as huge economic burdens . According to Wound Australia , the prevalence of chronic wounds is estimated to be from 1.1 % to 26.7 % in the hospital setting and it is around 6 % to 29 % in community setting . The economic burden of wound treatment is also very high , for example , annual treatment of managing wounds in the NHS has been estimated to be Euro 5.3 Bn . To control prevalence and this economic burden , governments have initiated many actions plans for wound management . Along with government initiatives , growing awareness about wound infections among the general population is fuelling the growth of the topical wounds agents market . Apart from these , increasing healthcare funding and improving healthcare facilities will also support the burgeoning growth of topical wound agents market .
Rising antibiotics concerns and lack of epidemiological data will restrain the growth of the topical wound agents market .
Topical Wound Agents Market : Market Overview
The global topical wound agents market has witnessed robust growth due to rising prevalence of chronic wounds in all age groups . Topical wound agents market is a witness to the presence of many local players which hold a huge market share in the Topical Wound Agents Market . There are huge opportunities for the manufacturers due to the large number of patients suffering from both acute and chronic wounds . The key players in the topical wound agents market are mainly focused on R & D to accelerate the development of novel drugs to increase their market share . Improved accessibility to healthcare services along with increasing awareness in patient population is expected to boost the growth of the topical wound agents market in developing economies . The topical wound agents market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period .
Topical Wound Agents Market : Region-Wise Overview
The global topical wound agents market can be segmented into the following regions : North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan , China , Japan and the Middle East and Africa . North America is dominant in the Global Topical Wound Agents market , mainly due to high awareness among the patient population . In North America , particularly the USA will hold the dominant position , mainly due to the high penetration . Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the Topical Wound Agents market to new heights . APAC & Latin America is the fastest growing region in topical wound agents market due to improved healthcare services . Growth in the Middle East and African region is considerably less when compared to the other regions . However , North America would maintain its position in the Topical Wound Agents market and it is anticipated that emerging economies , such India , China , Brazil & Mexico , will witness the highest growth rate in the Topical Wound Agents market .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6893
Topical Wound Agents Market : Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the Topical Wound Agents market include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. , Novartis AG , Pfizer Inc. , Johnson & Johnson , Mylan N.V. , AstraZeneca Plc . and others . Companies are focused on formulating new dosage forms to increase the adoption of topical wound agents .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bayern Munich defender Mats Hummels has admitted Bayern Munich have not been at their best this season - to give Arsenal hope of a shock Champions League win .
Bayern are running away with their fifth straight Bundesliga title and boast a seven point lead over Red Bull Leipzig .
But former Borussia Dortmund centre back Hummels has not been impressed with their teammates .
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty )
`` Even though on the pitch we are n't always playing at the level we expected , '' Hummels told Goal.com . `` That 's one thing we see , but it 's something you can change immediately simply because you 've noticed it .
`` We must work hard in order to change it . Nevertheless we 're in first place , four points clear of the rest which means that we ca n't have done too badly so far . But yes , of course , we 're still very far from our best .
( Photo : Getty )
`` You ca n't predict what sort of form Arsenal or Bavaria will be in . ''
The Gunners last won at the Allianz Arena in 2013 but still crashed out of the Champions League on goal difference .
Arsene Wenger 's men also beat Bayern in the group stage last season but were thrashed 5-1 in the return fixture .
( Photo : Bongarts/Getty )
The Gunners , who are fourth in the Premier League , travel to Germany on Wednesday night for the last 16 stage first leg tie .
Arsene Wenger has remained tight-lipped over whether or not Mesut Ozil will start Wednesday evening 's Champions League clash at Bayern Munich .
`` It 's not the best moment to give out the XI , '' said Wenger . `` I will pick the team tomorrow . Ozil is highly focused . ''
© Marcus DiPaola/Chicago Sun-Times via AP
Illinois Republicans botched four opportunities to stop an avowed Nazi from representing their party in a Chicago-area congressional district . Now they 're paying the price.Arthur Jones , a Holocaust denier who will appear on the November ballot as the GOP candidate against Democratic Rep. Dan Lipinski , has become campaign fodder for Democrats as they seek to defeat Gov . Bruce Rauner . And some Republicans even fear the taint from Jones ' extremist views poses a threat to the party up and down the ticket . `` First , it 's morally wrong and I think it 's really harmful to the party . The guy 's a complete nutcase . He 's a Nazi , '' said conservative GOP state Rep. David McSweeney . `` This is an absolute political disaster . `` McSweeney 's comments come justRunning a third-party candidate against Jones in November was among the options left to Illinois Republicans after Jones clinched the GOP nomination by running unopposed . But the deadline came and went this week and that did n't happen either.Jones , who told POLITICO he 's running to counter a `` two-party , Jew-party , queer-party system , '' laughed when they were informed the GOP was unable to put up a candidate against him . `` They did n't put up a third-party candidate ? '' Jones asked when reached by phone Thursday . `` That 's great ! That 's fantastic ! `` I snookered them , '' they said of state Republicans . `` I played by the rules , what can I say ? `` Getting on the Illinois ballot as a third-party candidate is no small task . In the 3rd Congressional District , a candidate would have needed 14,600 valid signatures , a laborious and expensive endeavor and even then , there 's a slim chance of success against Lipinski . `` There were several individuals interested in running as independent candidates , but unfortunately theyto mount a campaign in a district heavily favored for Democrats , '' Illinois Republican Party spokesperson Aaron DeGroot said.On Thursday , DeGroot said the party instead plans to recruit and support a write-in candidate for the general election.Still , Jones ' nomination has been an enormous embarrassment to the party - and to state party Chairman Tim Schneider - for months . When Schneider was faced with a formidable challenge to their chairpersonship in May , some Republicans - including state Rep. Jeanne Ives , who ran unsuccessfully against Rauner in the primary - cited Jones ' candidacy as a reason to break from Schneider 's leadership . Schneider ended up surviving their challenge by bringing on their challenger as a co-chairperson.Some have questioned why Republicans also failed to oust Jones through the traditional Illinois way of knocking undesirables off the ballot - by challenging their signature petitions . Both parties here commonly employ the tactic to bloody up each other.Democrats through petition challenges have more than once successfully sidelined a would-be Nazi candidate , Richard Mayers , who has attempted to run as a Green Party candidate in various congressional districts.J.B . Pritzker , the Democratic nominee for governor who was instrumental in building the Holocaust Museum in Skokie , has called on Rauner to urge Jones to drop out . Rauner has condemned Jones and said there 's no room for them in American politics . But Pritzker said Rauner , who is the largest contributor to the Illinois GOP , has n't done enough . `` Bruce Rauner has cowered to the worst elements of our politics on more than one occasion , but I sincerely hope they would agree that a self-proclaimed Nazi and Holocaust denier has no place as a candidate for any office in Illinois , '' Pritzker told POLITICO in a statement . `` I urge Bruce Rauner to join me in calling on Arthur Jones to drop out . `` Yet the GOP never managed to offer those voters any alternative candidate to Jones . `` It 's not enough to denounce Jones ... do something about it . They did n't run a candidate against them in the primary . They 're not running against them in the general . And they 're not endorsing Lipinski . Then what are they doing ? '' asked Steve Sheffey , a pro-Israel activist who authors a Jewish newsletter in Chicago . `` From now on , at every forum , at every endorsement session , Illinois Republicans should be asked point blank : 'if you live in the 3rd Congressional District , who would you vote for : Dan Lipinski or Arthur Jones ? `` Underlying the inaction against Jones is ain November in the solidly Democratic district . Other Republicans have pointed to partisan gerrymandering as a barrier to recruiting viable GOP candidates in the 3rd District . Still , the party needed only 603 signatures to run someone against Jones in the first place and U.S. law does not require candidates to live in the congressional district for which they are running.Jones remains a long shot in the fall congressional race - they have n't even filed a report with the Federal Election Commission or disclosed any donors , a move they said was intentional . `` I 'm not filing any reports . I 'm not going to give the Jews an opportunity to harass my supporters until after the election , '' they said . `` Right now , I 'm keeping all the names confidential . `` Asked how much money they raised , they said : `` I 'm not going to tell you . `` In the meantime , Republicans have one last chance to save face . `` They did n't run anyone against them in the primary . They did n't file an objection to him , they did n't find a write-in candidate and they did n't run an independent candidate , '' McSweeney said . `` We 've missed four opportunities . We better not miss the fifth . ''
John Baer has written about politics and government for the Daily News since 1987 . Neither subject ever fails to provide them with stories of policies and politicians walking on or skirting by paths to perdition .
Rudy Giuliani and President Trump are together again , at least for “ a week or two . ”
Ya got ta give it to Rudy Giuliani .
Their current wide-eyed , can-do enthusiasm just might be what the doctor ordered to inspire those in public life to a bold new optimistic get- ‘ er-done spirit .
I say this because Rudy , after joining President Trump 's legal team last week , told the New York Post they hope to bring an end to the Trump/Russia investigation within “ a week or two . ”
Now that 's action . The kind long missing across a broad swath of politics and government . The kind we all could use in dealing with the many problems facing our cities , states , and nation .
And clearly Rudy 's intent is not to bring a hard-line , spittle-laced FIND A WITCH OR HUNT ELSEWHERE approach to the task .
No , sir . Rudy says they can accomplish resolution to the probe due to their “ long relationship with [ special counsel ] Bob Mueller . ”
This is important because , as you know , relationships in politics , law , government , or business are key to getting things done . Especially long relationships .
My only question is why are n't others rushing down this same Rudy-made path , using their relationships to achieve their goals ?
Imagine how things would pop .
Trump , for example , could announce they expect to get Mexico to pay for their great wall along our southern border in “ a week or two ” because he 's had long relationships with Mexicans , including some who are n't rapists .
You can see that baby rising , right ?
Jared Kushner could say he 's ready to seal a deal for Middle East peace , even with their downgraded security clearance , and hopes to wrap things up in “ a week or two ” because of their long relationship with New York real estate and , of course , with being Jewish .
And U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley , the administration 's seemingly sole example of propriety and sense , could use their standing to pledge U.N. Security Council action to end the seven-year Syrian conflict within “ a week or two ” because of their long relationship with South Carolina politics , and their personal mantra : “ I do n't get confused . ”
And , listen , state officials could follow suit and stop dithering over things that they most want .
Republican State Reps. Daryl Metcalfe and Cris Dush could stand together ( without touching , of course ) to announce they hope within “ a week or two ” to impeach Democratic Supreme Court justices and maybe a few select Democratic House members ( you know who you are ) , and can get this done due to long relationships with worlds of their own making .
Gov . Wolf might be moved to take to a podium and profess that at long last he 's secured commitments for legislative action on a natural gas severance tax and expects votes within “ a week or two ” thanks to their long relationships with no one in legislative leadership .
Then a string of dreamers can weigh in on getting redistricting reform , campaign finance reform , term limits , merit selection of judges , elimination of property taxes , and a constitutional convention within “ a week or two , ” all due to long relationships with things to make the state better , things that have been around for years , things that have about as much chance of EVER getting done as Rudy has of wrapping up the Russia probe within “ a week or two . ”
And , look , Giuliani , former federal prosecutor , former New York mayor , certainly has in their long career gotten things done . Often with an appropriate edge .
It 's just this time , after serving Trump in 2016 as a campaign “ lock their up ” attack dog , Rudy 's return to serving Trump in the Russia probe , an investigation nearly a full year old , seems to be pushing Rudy over the edge , maybe in “ a week or two . ”
Unless , of course , they close the deal in the time span they suggest and creates , in government and politics , an entirely new force-of-will activist atmosphere .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Cpl . Kyle Lukoskie , a motor transport mechanic with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa , restocks cans of food at a soup kitchen in Catania , Italy , Dec. 29 , 2016 . Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl . Alexander Mitchell/released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 12.29.2016 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 09:25 Photo ID : 3083009 VIRIN : 161229-M-ML847-232 Resolution : 5760x3840 Size : 11.92 MB Location : CATANIA , IT Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Marines , sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [ Image 1 of 12 ] , by Cpl Alexander Mitchell , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
New Delhi : Top singles player Yuki Bhambri today returned to the Indian Davis Cup team along with Saketh Myneni even as veteran Leander Paes was expectedly dropped from the squad for the tie against Canada next month .
Apart from Bhambri and Myneni , Ramkumar Ramanathan and Rohan Bopanna made the squad , captained by Mahesh Bhupathi .
Filling in the reserves slots were Prajnesh Gunneswaran and N Sriram Balaji .
The 44-year-old Paes was included in the six-man squad for the previous tie against Uzbekistan in Bengaluru in April this year but was left out of the final four by the new captain Mahesh Bhupathi .
Upset and embarrassed , Paes had left the venue mid-way into the tie , prompting Bhupathi to reveal on Facebook that they had never promised Paes a spot in the final four and that their departure was final nail in the coffin .
Both Bhambri , who recently beat world number 22 Gael Monfils , and Myneni had missed the Uzbekistan tie due to their respective injuries .
Now that they are back on the ATP Tour , they will take their places back in the side for the September 15-17 tie in Edmonton . Ramkumar Ramanathan who created a ripple by beating world number eight Dominic Thiem will be the other singles player in the team .
Bopanna being the highest-ranked doubles player in the country is automatic choice for the doubles rubber .
Paes needs one more win to claim the world record for most Davis Cup wins in doubles . They are tied on 42 wins with Italian legend Nicola Pietrangeli .
Davis Cup team for Canada tie : Yuki Bhambri , Ramkumar Ramanathan , Saketh Myneni , Rohan Bopanna .
RESERVES : Prajnesh Gunneswaran , N Sriram Balaji .
Augmented reality has big potential in the smartphone world . While virtual reality has established a somewhat rocky position through Google 's Cardboard and DayDream headsets and Samsung 's Gear VR , the headsets detract somewhat from the convenient portability we 've come to associate with our smartphones .
By overlaying graphics over our existing environments rather than inviting us to escape them , however , AR is positioning itself somewhat differently and , for the general user , more appealingly .
At the moment , AR technology looks set to change the way we look at and interact with the world , with experiences geared towards everything from gaming , to shopping , to accessing information .
Google is already involved through Project Tango and ARCore but it 's Apple that 's pushing the technology notably hard through iOS 11 and ARKit . Now that iOS 11 has launched , millions of iPhones and iPads are AR compatible and there 's being no need for any external hardware to get started .
Not being in the Apple ecosystem or having iOS 11 , however , does n't preclude you from enjoying some great mobile AR experiences across iOS and Android .
Sure what you can freely access now is n't quite at the level of what 's possible through hardware like HoloLens and Google Glass but if you 're curious about AR 's potential when it comes to augmenting your reality , we suggest checking out some of these great apps across Android , iOS and ARKit .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has opened up about their relationship with Pamela Anderson , calling them an `` attractive figure '' of a woman – but they still have n't confirmed what their relationship is .
Speaking to Australian radio station KIIS 1065 , the 45-year-old programmer – who is currently holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London – said Pammy is an `` attractive person with an attractive personality '' .
They told show hosts Kyle and Jackie O : `` She 's no idiot at all ! Psychologically she 's very savvy . ”
( Photo : Rex Features )
When asked about the nature of their relationship , Julian revealed : I mean , I like her , she 's great . I 'm not going to go into the private details .
“ She 's great , we have other kind of , you know… basically you 've got people like Pamela Anderson who are independent , they 've managed their own career , they ca n't really be squeezed by a TV executive or something like that , '' they added .
It comes after Pamela , 49 , revealed they like bringing 'style and glamour ' to Julian in their adoptive home , where he 's been since claiming political asylum in 2012 .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Splash News )
They said recently : `` He 's living in dire circumstances so I like to bring a little help , and a smile , and some glamour .
`` It 's so rare that they have someone to come and visit them and bring them things , and I want to be able to do that for him . It 's about support and I believe in what they are doing . Thank god for him . He 's sacrificed a lot for all of us .
`` WikiLeaks is one of the only reliable news sources because it 's just the truth , '' they went on .
( Photo : PA )
`` I really believe history will look back on them as such an important person . ''
However , they stopped short of confirming any romance between the two of them , adding : `` It 's difficult to talk about when you 're under surveillance .
`` But he 's a great guy . I do n't want to say anything about whether there 's a romance . So let 's say we 're just good friends . ''
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
From a labour nightmare and an incredibly awkward love triangle to tragic confessions and worrying behaviour , Coronation Street will be brimming with drama next week .
And , considering the recent shock announcement that boss Kate Oates is leaving the ITV soap and will be replaced by Emmerdale 's serial producer Iain MacLeod , all eyes will be on Corrie over the next few months .
But what can you expect from next week 's explosive episodes ? Here are are all the main storylines you should keep an eye out for over next week ...
Eva Price 's labour drama as Toyah 's lies spiral out of control
Eva Price will finally give birth next week in incredibly chaotic scenes - expect tears , tantrums and troubling lies .
Toyah , played by Georgia Taylor , will be forced to deliver the baby themselves after Eva becomes trapped in the bathroom of the cottage the pair have rented out . But the drama certainly wo n't be over after the baby is born for Toyah as lies pile up and they are accused of cheating on Peter Barlow .
Over the last six months , they have managed to keep Eva 's pregnancy quiet from everyone on the cobbles - including their half-sister Leanne and Toyah 's partner Peter .
After Toyah 's surrogate miscarried their baby , they managed to get Eva ( Catherine Tyldesley ) to agree to be their replacement surrogate in an utterly bonkers plan .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : ITV )
In scenes airing next week on Coronation Street , Toyah is left worried when they facetime Eva and notices they look unwell . But they are left in even more of a panic when they struggle to find their car keys .
Finally , Toyah manages to get away and reaches the cottage , only to hear Eva screaming after locking themselves in the bathroom and going into labour .
`` Toyah hears screams and Eva says they have gone in to labour but unfortunately the door to the bathroom has fallen off with Eva trapped inside , '' actor Georgia reveals . `` Toyah smashes the hell out of that door because they are going to make sure that Eva and their baby are okay . ''
( Image : ITV )
Toyah ends up delivering the baby they all head to hospital . But later , when Eva is left alone with their baby daughter , it looks like they might be having some major doubts when they hold the baby for the first time .
But Toyah appears to be oblivious to Eva 's inner torment and later takes the baby home to a smitten Peter .
( Image : ITV )
Yet a jealous Simon puts a spanner in the works when they accuse them of cheating and Leanne confronts Toyah .
A panicked Toyah lies to Leanne and says that they rented a friend who needs to escape from an abusive relationship . They also confide in Leanne that Eva wo n't be returning to Weatherfield .
Georgia explains : `` By accident , they have become a deceitful person but they do n't have the traits of a naturally deceitful person .
`` But they do have a conscience so there is always a chance that they wo n't be able to contain their guilt forever . ''
Jenny Connor makes tragic confession to Johnny
Jenny will reveal the tragic real reason they want to leave the cobbles behind .
Them husband Johnny ( Richard Hawley ) is left confused when Jenny ( Sally Ann Matthews ) suddenly postpones their leaving party and ends up confiding in Liz about their odd behaviour .
Later , Johnny finally plucks up the courage to speak to them but insinuates that they think they are cheating on him .
However , this is clearly not the case and Jenny confides in their husband about the true reason for their uncharacteristic behaviour .
( Image : ITV )
Jenny explains to Johnny that it is the anniversary of their son Tom 's death and takes them to the children 's playground where they scattered their ashes .
Tom tragically drowned when they were four years old when Jenny left them playing in a paddling pool in 2013 . When Jenny returned to Corrie , they kept their death a secret and struggled with mental health issues .
Jenny confides in Johnny and says that one of the reasons they want to leave the country is to escape their painful memories .
Heartbreaking .
Audrey Roberts caught up in awkward love triangle
Audrey Roberts will find themselves in the middle of a very awkward love triangle after making a bid for a gentleman 's attentions .
The hairdresser , played by Sue Nicholls , seemed rather smitten on hospital radio DJ Geoff ( Ian Bartholomew ) during their stay after they were mugged .
And with them set to reunite on the cobbles , Audrey will make a play for them man .
But unfortunately for her , they only has eyes for another - their neighbour Yasmeen Nazir !
Yasmeen ( Shelley King ) suddenly distracted from an argument with Sally - over the price of a bird feeder - when Geoff walks into the room .
They ask them to meet them in the Bistro and they confide in Rita who tells them to go for it .
But when Audrey meets Rita in the Bistro , they spot Geoff , and unaware that he 's waiting for Yasmeen , asks them to join them .
After the mix up , Audrey , Geoff and Yasmeen all end up sitting together , until Yasmeen leaves because they feel so awkward .
When Audrey spots Geoff looking wistfully after them they disappointedly realise it is Yasmeen they want and encourages them to go after them
Will love blossom for Yasmeen and Geoff ?
Aidan Connor sparks concerns after giving away their belongings
Aidan Connor ( Shayne Ward ) could leave some viewers concerned next week as they begin to display some worrying behaviour .
As well as giving away some of their valuable belongings , Aidan will also give Summer Spellman their credit card so that they can splash out on a new outfit .
Will any of the other Weatherfield residents notice their troubling behaviour ?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Also ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge University took maximum points from their East Women 's League , Premier Division double header .
The Light Blues began by beating Norwich Dragons 3-2 as Faye Kidd added to Hatty Darling 's double .
And they won by the same scoreline when they visited Wapping as Hattie Bevan , Sally Bradley and Cat Cox netted .
Both victories were against teams higher in the table than the students , who are now within three points of third place .
Leaders Cambridge South are six points clear at the Division 3NW summit after a 3-0 victory over Huntingdon .
Heather Borsuk , Kim Cooil and Ellie Edwards were all on target for the visitors .
Lauren Brown 's goal was worth a point as South II held 4NW ( S ) table-toppers Bury St Edmunds III to a 1-1 draw .
An effort from Juliet Moynan earned St Ives a 1-0 triumph over Dereham in 1N .
But the team , who produced a hard-working performance , were grateful to a top display from goalkeeper Ness Brown .
Hollie Willet fired in seven goals as rampant St Ives II put sorry Wisbech III to the sword in 3NW .
It ended 21-0 as Sally King and Holly Stride added five and four goals respectively to the tally , Theresa Jackaman and Katie Frear bagged braces and Nichola Champley also notched .
A hat-trick from Pauline Hammond steered St Ives III to a 5-0 win over Cambridge South III in 4NW ( S ) .
Joining them on the score sheet were Emma Rushmer and Evie Bennett .
Jules Fuller claimed a last-gasp winner for Royston III away to Saffron Walden V in Five Counties League , Division Three .
They had been pegged back to 3-3 after goals from Lucy Davidson , Chloe Bugler and Alex McGarry had put them in the driving seat , before Fuller 's late intervention secured a 4-3 success .
Richard Lloyd and Alex James both bagged braces as Cambridge Nomads defeated Dereham II 4-2 in East Men 's League , Division 2N .
Nomads showed their ability to carve out chances , although it took them until the second half to start converting them .
There was also a 2-1 success for Nomads II away to Bourne Deeping III in 4NW , with Max Standing and Sugi Furuta finding the back of the net .
St Ives ran out 3-1 winners when they took on Bourne Deeping II in 3NW .
The goals were scored by Steve Gibson , Alec Bryden and Mike Jenner .
St Ives III took nothing from their 5NW encounter with Bourne Deeping IV , however , despite an effort from Charlie McCarter .
Cambridge South had to settle for a 1-1 draw in their 2N relegation clash against Ipswich-East Suffolk II .
Matt Kenzie put their side ahead , but they were pegged back with 15 minutes remaining .
There was better luck for South II as they overcame St Ives II 4-1 in 4NW .
Sam Polge , Jack Chalk , James Menzies and Jon Mann were on target for the winners , with Sam Helme getting a consolation for the losers .
South III surrendered two points late on in their 3-3 draw with Louth in 5NW .
Raj Bhopal , Dave Monck and Matt Kern all scored to give them control , but they conceded twice in the last 10 minutes as it ended all square .
A first-half hat-trick from Rob Barton put South IV on course for a 5-0 victory over Kettering III in 6NW ( S ) .
Tom Steed and John Greaves were the other scorers .
And a brace from Toby Hall , along with strikes from Will Jones , Philip Gardner and Carl Taylor , earned Royston a 5-1 success over Blueharts IV in 5SW .
Yields on 10-year government bond stood at 7.697 % from its previous close of 7.686 % . Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions . Photo : Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai : The Indian rupee on Wednesday weakened to fresh 13-month low against US dollar as foreigners continued to sell in the local equity and debt amid surge in international crude oil prices and US bond yield .
At 9.15am , the home currency was trading at 66.57 against US dollar , down 0.29 % from its Tuesday 's close of 66.11 . The rupee opened at 66.47 and touched a low of 66.58 a dollar—a level last seen on 10 March 2017 .
Yields on 10-year government bond stood at 7.697 % from its previous close of 7.686 % . Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions .
Since the start of April , foreign institutional investors ( FIIs ) have sold nearly a combined $ 2.05 billion in equity and debt market .
Oil rose to the highest since late 2014 amid a flare-up in the conflict between Saudi Arabia and Yemen and as US crude stockpiles were seen falling for a second week . US treasury 10-year yields climbed above 3 % on Tuesday for the first time in four years .
“ The rise in crude oil prices is putting pressure on sources of India 's macro stability—low inflation , and lower current account and fiscal deficits—and weighing on the rupee . Higher oil could spell more depreciation than we had expected , ” said Abhishek Gupta economist at Bloomberg .
Benchmark Sensex index rose 0.06 % or 20.98 points to 34,637.62 points . Year to date , its up 1 % .
So far this year , the rupee has fallen 3.8 % , while foreign investors have bought $ 1.47 billion and sold $ 1.15 billion in equity and debt markets , respectively .
Asian currencies were trading lower . South Korean won was down 0.16 % , Malaysian ringgit 0.12 % , Singapore dollar 0.11 % , China Offshore 0.08 % , Thai Baht 0.08 % , Japanese yen 0.07 % and Taiwan dollar 0.06 % .
The dollar index , which measures the US currency 's strength against major currencies , was trading at 90.844 , up 0.09 % from its previous close of 90.766 .
Bloomberg contributed this story .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
DNA : Analysis on Congress leader Salman Khurshid 's 'blood of Muslims ' remark
DNA : This is a special segment of Zee News which does analysis on Congress leader Salman Khurshid 's 'blood of Muslims ' remark . Watch this video for more information .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Severe flooding has played havoc with the telephone lines in Parliament .
Engineers were called to the parliamentary estate after exceptionally heavy rainfall caused `` intermittent faults '' with the lines .
Tottenham MP David Lammy advised constituents attempting to contact their office to email instead .
A House of Commons spokesperson said : `` Due to severe flooding , there are intermittent faults on a number of telephone lines on the estate .
`` We are working to restore connectivity as soon as possible . ''
The flood is the latest in a string of incidents that led MPs and peers to agree to an ambitious restoration and renewal programme for the Palace of Westminster .
( Image : PA )
Many of the pipes and cables that carry heat , water , electricity and gas in the building were installed just after the Second World War and some of them date from the 19th century .
The building also caught fire 40 times between 2008 and 2012 , leading one peer to brand Parliament `` dangerous '' .
In January managers at Westminster revealed they had to take action to tackle bed bugs living in upholstery .
The ambitious multibillion-pound restoration programme , agreed in February , will see parliamentarians decamp to temporary accommodation for at least six years , although not until the middle of the next decade .
A lengthy debate in the House of Lords saw a number of suggestions over where Parliament could move to , including Buckingham Palace and even the Palace of Versailles in France .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A single mum has written an honest and fiery open letter to the dad of their children , who they claim is refusing to pay Child Maintenance .
The mum , who has kept themselves anonymous , wrote a long Facebook post telling the father exactly what they think of him .
In it , they say their ex is n't declaring their full income to the Child Maintenance Service ( CMS ) .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Clearly resonating with thousands of parents , the post has had a big impact and has been shared thousands of times .
Child maintenance is financial support for children . It covers everyday living costs and comes into play when parents divorce or separate . It 's a legal responsibility , but some parents do get away with not paying .
Here 's the full letter , which was posted on Single Mum Still Standing and first picked up by the Hull Daily Mail :
`` An open letter to the father who wo n't pay child maintenance
Any child maintenance payments made by you to me do not pay for my holidays . I do n't use YOUR money to pay for my clothes , and your payments certainly do n't fund my minor Prosecco addiction .
Your hard-earned cash does n't help me pay my gym membership or go into my savings account ( which does n't exist . )
So when you stalk my Instagram and Facebook and see me making the most of my child-free weekends with friends – rest assured I am funding this . In the words of Destiny 's Child , ‘ The shoes on my feet , I bought em - I depend on me , if I want it . '
Let me spell this out for you – any money you pay to help with the raising of our children goes directly to our children . I 've got two jobs to fund my own lifestyle and pay for our children . It 's a simple concept you do n't seem to be able to grasp .
So you 're barking up the wrong tree when you bitterly tell me I should maybe “ go out less ” when I challenge you over your child maintenance payments .
So , what should child maintenance payments cover ?
( Image : Hull Daily Mail WS )
I admit , it goes towards my mortgage – the house which puts a roof over our children 's heads for 11 nights in 14 . Their home . It also helps with the associated costs of running that home . I hope you will agree , they need a home .
What are the consequences of you not contributing towards their home ? Let me tell you , it could result in us needing to find a cheaper home , in a less desirable area , and without a doubt mean a change in school .
Child Maintenance payments are used to pay for a roof over children 's heads ( Image : Getty )
Your money helps to put clothes on their backs , it contributes towards the laundry powder used to wash said clothes . It pays towards their school uniform which is down to me to purchase , and the school trips which I fund .
The money pays towards their swimming lessons that I take them to , which you 've never showed up to , because I want them to have that life skill , it pays for our son 's football coaching and matches . ( He 's doing well by the way , you really should take the time to come and watch them – they would be amazed if you turned up . )
It helps pay for their birthday parties with their friends which your wife wo n't let you attend because even after all this time she 's still jealous of you and I being in contact .
It also buys the birthday presents , and thank god I do , because on our daughter 's fifth birthday , despite having them for two hours after school , you did n't give them yet one single present . Imagine if I 'd done the same as you that day - they would n't have got anything for them birthday .
Your money helps to keep our children in Clarks shoes , because their feet blister if I buy anything cheaper . It pays towards childcare , or did you think nursery was free when I used it one day a week so I could work ? Do you think after-school clubs are free ?
You should take a walk in my shoes one day and you will see your cash is key to providing the lifestyle our children deserve .
So , what Child Maintenance should you pay ?
( Image : Cultura RF )
The law requires a non-resident parent to pay 12 per cent of your gross weekly income if you have one child and 16 per cent of your gross weekly income to the resident parent if you have two children . All I ask for is what this Government says non-resident parents should pay . Nothing more , nothing less . And realise it 's not my rules .
That 's it , 16 per cent . So it 's not going to leave you short is it ? It 's not going to de-home you from your five-bedroom house . I wish I could pay 16 per cent of what I earn and have it cover an all-inclusive rate for everything my children need and want – wow I 'd be rich . You see I spend pretty much every penny I earn on our children .
I know that not paying , not paying on time , or not paying the correct amount is the very last bit of control you have over me . You must feel so powerful when you hold it back for five days , because you can and there 's nothing I can do about it . What a man you are .
Unlike a credit card , you continue to choose to not properly pay for our children a ) because nobody knows and b ) because the Child Maintenance Service ( CMS ) are so useless they are n't even worth bothering with .
It 's too easy to hide with the CMS . Non-resident parents can either run their own business/become self employed and hide any dividends or , work cash in hand so they can keep it all .
You 're actually very cunning , because you do pay - to the penny - what the CMS order you to pay , so on paper you can `` prove '' you pay towards your children 's upbringing `` properly '' .
If I ever mention it you simply say , ' I pay what the CMS tell me to , end of . ' You 've got yourself covered - but you and I both know that 's not the full story .
The CMS order you an amount to pay based on the amount YOU have declared to them - but the small wage you pay yourself is not a true reflection of what you actually earn . You 're just so clever - exploiting a loophole to financially abuse our children .
I bet I receive a lot more money in maintenance than many other single parents , some would be grateful of what I receive , but why should our children have 16 per cent of a false income , made up by you , when they 're entitled to more ?
I speak on behalf of all single parents when I say this simply is n't good enough , the current UK system is n't good enough . MPs need to wake up and do more to give the CMS better powers to financially investigate non-resident parents .
It 's a problem which affects thousands of single parent families , one many feels they ca n't do anything about , but one I 'm not prepared to let go . I am fighting this for our children , not for me .
( Image : Hull Daily Mail WS )
You also refuse to talk to me about it or answer my letters about it . So if you 're wondering why I 've resorted to this , that is why . If only you would treat me like a human being and actually have a conversation with me about our children 's needs . You 've had plenty of requests , even via solicitors .
All I 'm asking is that you properly declare your full earnings to the CMS , so the toothless organisation can inform you of the correct amount to contribute , and that when they do , you pay that amount on time . Not difficult .
The British Government gives our children more financial support then you do . Think about that for a moment .
No matter what happened between you and the woman you once loved enough to father two children with , you still have a financial responsibility towards your children . Just because you hate me , do n't make them suffer .
Dear father who wo n't pay child support , you 're useless and I do n't know how you live with yourself . All I know is that I am trying to provide a life which is similar to what they would have had if you and I had not split up . It 's not their fault we could n't live together .
You 're failing to pay is just another parenting fail . It 's just as bad as failing to turn up to our son 's Christmas play after promising them you would be there . It 's on a par with refusing to take our son to their much-loved football on YOUR weekends , it 's just like making our daughter stop their dance class on the day you have them The list goes on .
I do n't expect you to do the right thing . You are a rubbish father . Luckily , they have me . ''
Mumbai : The Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) has asked mutual fund houses to classify their schemes under five broad categories to cut through the clutter and make it easier for investors to compare plans with similar characteristics . The move is expected to force fund houses to merge schemes and reduce their number by half .
In a circular on Friday , Sebi proposed that mutual fund schemes be divided into debt , equity , hybrid , solution-oriented ( such as retirement and children 's funds ) and “ other ” schemes . This differentiation is based on their investment strategy .
Every class is further finely divided , making for a total of 36 different scheme categories such as Dividend Yield Equity Fund , which would focus on dividend-yielding stocks , or Banking and PSU Debt Fund , which invests a minimum 80 % of its corpus in debt paper issued by state-owned firms and lenders .
A fund house will be allowed to have only one scheme per category to ensure that there is no duplication .
Sebi has asked asset managers to submit proposals to the regulator for merging similar schemes or winding up any which do not fall in the prescribed categories within two months . After Sebi issues observations , fund houses would need to complete the exercise within three months .
“ It is desirable that different schemes launched by a mutual fund are clearly distinct in terms of asset allocation , investment strategy , etc . Further , there is a need to bring in uniformity in the characteristics of similar type of schemes launched by different mutual funds , ” it said in the circular .
India has 42 fund houses managing around Rs20.4 trillion at the end of September in 2,000 mutual fund schemes .
“ It is the beginning of scheme mergers and the regulator has spelt out clearly how a scheme will be defined . This will usher in clarity for investors and distributors who used to get confused due to similar schemes , ” said Swarup Mohanty , chief executive officer at Mirae Asset Global Investments ( India ) Pvt . Ltd .
“ As far as the industry is concerned , there will an impact in the short term , but it is manageable , ” they added .
Equity funds are allowed to have 10 subcategories such as large cap , small cap , midcap and so forth . Mint had first reported on 11 September that if a fund is called a large-cap equity fund , then 80 % of its assets will need to be invested in large-cap firms . Debt funds have 16 subcategories and hybrid funds ( which invest in equity and debt ) six .
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
By Tahsin Eroglu
Turkish fashion designer Barbaros Sansal is to be deported from the north after they were arrested for comments they made in a video posted on social media where they criticised certain religious circles in Turkey and the Turkish government .
According to a report in CNN Turk , Sansal will be deported from the island in the coming days . It is believed that they will be deported to Turkey where they will face criminal investigation .
Sansal , an outspoken critic of President Tayyip Erdoğan , often visits both northern Cyprus and the Republic , and was in the north when they posted their New Year video .
In it they mentioned journalists arrested in Turkey , corruption within the ruling AKP , the abused children and murdered women and criticised the “ bigoted ” circles in Turkey which had spread “ hate speech ” against New Year celebrations . Sansal said that they were in northern Cyprus and was going to enter 2017 , drink all they could , then go to the south of the island to enter 2017 once again , reminding listeners that the two sides on the island were on different time zones .
Much of their video was critical of fundamentalist circles in Turkey which , in the lead up to Christmas and New Year , had been spreading messages telling people that celebrating the New Year was a “ Christian thing ” and that those who celebrated it were infidels who sinned by consuming alcohol . Many of those taking part in the anti-New Year campaign , including the Directorate of Religious Affairs , have been ridiculed in social media for not knowing the difference between Christmas and New Year .
Press reports in the north say that Sansal was arrested on the demand of Turkey and was arrested for insulting Turkey and the Turkish nation .
According to some reports , Sansal 's message was uploaded some 30 minutes before the attack in a nightclub Istanbul on January 1 in which a gunman killed 39 . This has led to allegations that they had knowledge of the terror attack .
Adjuster : Actuals Est . Tckts 1929 1924 1910
NOTE : If daily grosses stop for a movie , it means that the respective studio is no longer tracking it on a daily basis . The exceptions are New Line , Miramax/Dimension and Sony Pictures Classics . They do n't do official daily box office , and estimates are made for their movies based on partial data in order to fill out the top 12 . Because of this , movies from these studios are more apt to disappear from the daily chart .
Taymor McIntyre , 17 , known as the rapper “ Tay-K 47 , ” is accused in killings in San Antonio and Mansfield . U.S . Marshals Service Courtesy
New Delhi : Shamita Shetty does wonder how their career would be different if they had taken up more work , but lives without any regret . The actor says all their ups and downs helped them evolve , and they are `` happy and content '' at the moment .
`` There are many times when I sit back and try to analyse the things that I could have done differently . Maybe I should have taken on more work , but then again I do n't know if I would have been happy doing work that I was not convinced with , '' Shamita told IANS in an email .
They added : `` Unfortunately , giving up on work because I was not convinced ( meant ) I would not be seen onscreen too much ( and ) made people think that I left the industry , which was really not the case . On the whole , I do n't think I have any regrets . Every decision that I have made and all the ups and downs made me the person that I am . I am happy and content . I go with the flow and I do n't fight situations anymore . I have learnt to be happy with whatever I have . ''
Shamita , sister of actor Shilpa Shetty , scored a dream debut with Yash Raj Films ' `` Mohabbatein '' , but post that their career went downhill .
Some of their projects like `` Wajahh : A Reason to Kill '' , `` Bewafaa '' , `` Zeher '' , `` Fareb '' and `` Cash '' went unnoticed , and in some they just made special appearances .
The actor , who has appeared in reality TV shows like `` Bigg Boss '' and `` Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa '' as well , admits that `` every experience in life -- good , bad or ugly -- has taught me so much about myself as a person '' .
`` The toughest situations help you understand your true strength and that 's how it has been for me always . In terms of learning , there is n't one particular thing that I can talk about . But I think as time has gone by , I have kind of understood what works for me or does n't . Now , I am able to be the person that I am mentally and truly with no excuses . ''
They continued : `` Many a time you are faced with a situation where you have to make a decision and challenge yourself . When you do that you really understand your true strength . There are several incidents where I challenged myself ... going into the 'Bigg Boss ' house was a challenge that went completely against my personality , ''
The actor , who turned 39 on Friday , says they like to do `` some charity work '' on their birthday .
On the work front , they were last seen in web series `` Yo Ke Hua Bro '' .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A large slab of meat remains a Bank Holiday favourite in Britain , despite the surge of veganism . Which is why Aldi is bringing back its monstrous 454g rump steak on August 24 .
The discount supermarket describes the cut as 'extra thick ' . It 's a 21-day matured number ideal for leisurely days where getting the meat sweats do n't matter .
It also costs just £4.99 . It appears Aldi knows no bounds when it comes to pushing the limits of affordability .
Tender
( Image : Aldi )
The steak , which Aldi says is 100 per cent British beef , is 100g heavier than its closest rival – Tesco 's 350g The Finest rump . Aldi 's is also 42 per cent cheaper per kg , an even greater margin than when the German supermarket released the product for the first time back in June .
Given the fact the steak sold out so quickly at the beginning of summer , Aldi has doubled its stock levels for this run . But , again , the company says that `` once it 's gone , it 's gone '' . We imagine that 'll be a matter of hours .
The supermarket calls the steak the 'Big Daddy ' . Though assures customers that the product is not just for dads .
Aldi 's Tony Baines said : “ We just had to bring it back , and the August Bank Holiday seemed like the perfect opportunity for this .
`` This premium British rump steak is an example of Aldi 's commitment to offering quality , locally-sourced products at amazing low prices , once again allowing customers to make substantial savings on luxury products without compromise . ”
Unai Emery is closing in on the first signing of their Arsenal reign .
Juventus defender Stephan Lichsteiner looked set to be the first one through the door while Dortmund 's Sokratis Papastathopoulos was also linked .
But it appears PSG teenager Yacine Adli will be Emery 's first recruit , having knocked back an offer from the French champions .
Meanwhile , Liverpool are ready to intensify their efforts to bring in Nabil Fekir from Lyon .
The Frenchman is their top target following the arrival of Fabinho and they want the move before the World Cup .
There has been no bid as of yet but the Reds are poised to make their move .
The two Manchester clubs are also looking to get some early business done as the busy summer kicks into action .
Follow all the latest transfer news and gossip below .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brock Lesnar has retired from mixed martial arts , according to reports .
The former heavyweight champion was suspended for a year in January by the USADA for a positive drugs test and was no longer on the UFC roster .
Now MMA Fighting reports Lesnar has told the UFC of their retirement .
The fighter , who 's focus now is on their high-profile role with the WWE , has not made any statement .
More to follow ...
( Photo : © WWE )
( Photo : Splash )
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/sport . Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ MirrorFootball - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - for breaking football news in real time .
We 're also on Facebook/mirrorfootball - your must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror , Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online .
by
By LILY BAZIS
Staff Writer
Music is undeniably an integral part of everyday life . Whether it is being listened to through a car radio or streamed through a phone , humans are surrounded by music , and are simultaneously being filled with or reminded of emotions as they listen .
Music subconsciously triggers an emotional response in people . From upbeat jams to sorrowful breakup songs , certain tunes just have that ability to take over emotions , whether they are positive or negative .
Many people seek relief and relaxation through music , which can be brought about in several ways , depending on the person . While many find that sad music puts them into a dark place mentally , others argue that it has the ability to provide pleasure and comfort in one 's life .
People also tend to listen to music that reflects their mood at the given time , whatever that mood may be . According to Healthline News , a study published in the Journal of Consumer Research found that “ people tend to prefer sad music when they are experiencing a deep interpersonal loss , like the end of a relationship ” .
To these people , the sad music is seen almost as an empathetic friend , someone who knows and understands exactly what they are feeling at that time . When an artist performs a somber song , they are releasing their emotions to the world , knowing that someone can most likely relate to their experiences . Songs tell a story and people tend to relate to those that tell their own story and share similar personal experiences .
A great example of this would be Adele 's “ Someone Like You ” , in which Adele says goodbye to an old relationship in hopes of finding something just as extraordinary . Anyone who has lost a relationship that was very important to them can relate to Adele when they sing about finding something just as good , and in turn relate it back to their own lives . All of this , to hopefully find peace and closure through the melancholy song .
Though the connection of music and emotion may be very strong , Professor Adrian North , Head of School of Psychology and Speech Pathology at Curtin University , told The Huffington Post Australia that “ it 's not so strong you can use it as a way to change your mood . In other words , blasting ‘ MmmBop ' at a grumpy person will not cheer them up ” .
While this may be true to a certain extent , it can not be entirely proven that music has no affect on a person 's mood . Freshman Haley Halvorsen believes that music is definitely capable of influencing mood . They mention that they have “ a playlist of upbeat songs that I listen to when I 'm upset , angry , or anxious ; it helps me feel more positive and relaxed ” .
Music is also a form of therapy , with researchers in the World Journal of Psychiatry concluding “ that music is a valid therapy to potentially reduce depression and anxiety , as well as to improve mood , self-esteem , and quality of life . ”
Music touches everyone in some way . An upbeat road trip playlist , a somber piano ballad and everything in between create moments and connects us with others . Music can be an escape from reality , giving people the power to feel exactly what they want to feel .
Advertisements
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sheridan Smith has revealed they almost gave up performing following the death of their dad Colin Smith .
In 2016 , the 36-year-old actor was left devastated by the loss of their dad and pulled out of an appearance at the Royal Variety Performance shortly afterwards , sparking concern among their fans .
I parents - Colin and Marilyn - formed the Country and Western duo , The Daltons , and Sheridan and their brother Damian , who is part of the band The Torn , often performed with them on stage .
On Tuesday night , during a show at the Royal Albert Hall as part of their sell-out tour which follows the release of self-titled album Sheridan , the tearful actor told the audience : `` I did the album for my dad .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` There was a time , as everyone goes through , I kind of just lost it and I was totally going to give it all up .
`` And the reason I did n't is you guys . I 've met so many of you guys and you 're the reason I get up . You 're so supportive . ''
Introducing a rendition of This Is Me from the film The Greatest Showman , they said : `` This next song I would like to dedicate to my daddy . If my dad was here they would be saying shake every single one of your hands , they were so proud . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Sheridan opened their show with a rendition of Crazy by Gnarls Barkley and concluded it with an encore of I Will Survive by Gloria Gaynor .
Throughout the performance they also treated fans to renditions of 9 to 5 by Dolly Parton and Shirley Bassey 's Big Spender .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Getty )
Following the show , Sheridan was then joined at an after-party attended by a bunch of their celebrity pals .
Pictures show the smiling 36-year-old posing with the likes of Julien MacDonald and Meg Matthews .
On Friday , the FCC approved Google 's application to use its Project Loon balloons to give emergency cell service to Puerto Rico — 83 percent of which still lacks cell coverage . Creative Commons
So much is happening at the workhouse museum these days that it seems impossible for visitors to leave feeling anything less than total amazement .
Its hugely dedicated band of volunteers , trustees , and visionary leadership team have achieved so much in such a short space of time .
Amazon is expanding its checkout-free shopping stores with a second US opening .
The new Amazon Go store was revealed by Geekwire as part of a new office tower in the company 's home city of Seattle , about a mile away from Amazon headquarters .
An eagle-eyed fan spotted Amazon Go branding in a window gap , with stacked shelves and a smart design suggesting that the store is apparently nearing completion
New Amazon Go store
Amazon confirmed the new store in a statement , saying “ We are excited to bring Amazon Go to 920 5th Avenue in Seattle . The store will open in Fall 2018 . ”
The new store is almost twice as large as the original Amazon Go , which opened earlier this year , measuring in at around 3,000 square feet - meaning more room for a wider selection of products .
Amazon had confirmed that it was looking to expand Go across the US as it looks to take on bricks-and-mortar stores , with San Francisco and Chicago earmarked for the next launches .
The news follows Amazon 's acquisition of Whole Foods last year , giving it an entry into the grocery market , as it looks to offer more than its traditional online shopping experience .
© Jeenah Moon/Reuters
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has said they believe most foreign troops will be able to leave the country `` within four years . `` Ghani said in an interview with the BBC broadcast on October 5.He said that Afghan security forces turned the corner in the fight against the Taliban and `` in terms of management and leadership , things are really falling into place . `` The Afghan government is struggling to beat back insurgents in the wake of the exit of most NATO forces in 2014.The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has recently unveiled a strategy to try to defeat the militants after nearly 16 years of war , and officials said more than 3,000 additional U.S. troops are being sent to the country to reinforce the 11,000 U.S. troops already stationed there.Trump has made an open-ended commitment to Afghanistan , saying U.S. troop levels will be based on `` conditions on the ground , '' not on `` arbitrary timetables . ''
Givenchy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
North West and Blue Ivy have been the lucky beneficiaries of bespoke Givenchy designs for the past couple of years , but today the fashion house has revealed its first official collection for children . Riccardo Tisci announced the launch of Givenchy Kids back when they were still creative director in December 2016 , but it 's not clear whether or not they actually designed this first collection .
Including 60 pieces for girls , 40 for boys , and 30 for babies , the full debut range clocks in with 130 items total and ranges from €80 for a simple tee to €300 for a coat . Slated to launch in July in key retails locations in Europe , Asia , the Middle East , and America , the line is centered around “ mini-me ” versions of familiar Givenchy runway looks , in addition to a selection of replica couture pieces for extra special events—like maybe your baby girl 's first birthday party or even their own christening .
Not that we 're keeping count , but it 's interesting to note that Givenchy Kids is one of the more affordable ranges of designer childrenswear on the market right now . Olivier Rousteing 's latest collection for the youngest members of the # BalmainArmy will set whoever 's paying back a minimum of $ 510 for a pair of cotton sweatpants to a maximum of $ 1,525 for a silk bomber jacket .
Givenchy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Givenchy
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo has been handed a five-game suspension after pushing the referee in Real Madrid 's 3-1 win over Barcelona .
The Portuguese has been given one game for the initial red card and four more for the subsequent physical altercation . A €3000 ( £2727 ) fine has been added on top of the suspension .
Any appeal will have to wait until Wednesday , the day of the second leg of the Super Copa at the Bernabeu , because of a public holiday on Tuesday .
Portugal captain Ronaldo received two bookings in the space of three minutes , with the second coming for a dive which the referee took exception to .
One-game ban for red card ( two yellows ) vs Barcelona in Super Copa first leg
Four-game ban for pushing referee Ricard De Burgos
€3005 fine for physical confrontation with an official
€1400 fine to Real Madrid
An additional mandatory €800 fine has been handed to Ronaldo for the red card , with the club billed for €350 .
Ronaldo will return for Real Madrid on September 19 against Real Betis .
Games suspended for
Barcelona home ( Super Copa ) , August 16
Deportivo La Coruna away ( La Liga ) , August 20
Valencia home ( La Liga ) , August 27
Levante home ( La Liga ) , September 9
Real Sociedad away ( La Liga ) , September 16
( Image : REUTERS )
Frustrated with the decision , Ronaldo turned round to protest to the referee , pushing the official in the back before storming off to the sidelines .
Referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea did not seem fazed by the incident but they did mention it in their report and Ronaldo now faces further action .
`` Once the red card was shown , the player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement , '' Bengoetxea wrote in their report .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
The Spanish Footballer Federation 's regulations state that any `` slight violence '' towards officials in the form of a `` grab , push or shake '' should be punished with a ban of between four and 12 matches .
Ronaldo was initially booked for their trademark celebration where they ripped off their shirt and posed in front of the Barcelona fans .
But it proved a costly celebration when they went down in the area , trying to win a penalty .
The referee felt that they threw themselves to the ground in a challenge with Samuel Umtiti and quickly brandished a second yellow card .
Ronaldo will now definitely miss the second leg of the Super Cup against Real , but could face further action for their reaction when they shoved the referee in anger .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
The referee did not appear fazed by the incident , with Lucas Vazquez 's protestations appearing to take their attention away from the incident .
Ronaldo 's red card did not affect the game for Real , with Marco Asensio scoring in the closing stages to secure a 3-1 win .
Gerard Pique 's own goal had given Real the lead before Lionel Messi equalised from the penalty spot .
( AFP ) — Kuwaiti authorities on Saturday arrested 12 convicted members of a “ terrorist cell ” with ties to Iran and Lebanon 's Shiite Hezbollah after a weeks-long manhunt .
The interior ministry said the 12 had been captured in different areas across Kuwait . They had been on the run since their sentencing last month , while two other convicted Kuwaitis remained at large .
advertisement
The supreme court in Sunni-ruled Kuwait , which has a sizeable Shiite minority , in June overturned an acquittal by an appeals court and convicted 21 Shiites of forming a “ terrorist cell ” with ties to Iran and Hezbollah .
The cell had planned to launch attacks across the Gulf state , according to the court verdict .
Kuwait has protested to Lebanon over the alleged training of the so-called “ Abdali Cell ” by Hezbollah , which has ministers in the Beirut government .
Last month , authorities expelled 15 Iranian diplomats and shut down the military , cultural and trade missions of the Iranian embassy over Tehran 's backing of the “ terrorist cell . ”
Iran said the allegation is baseless .
Shiites account for around a third of Kuwait 's native population of 1.35 million .
NBC moved The Carmichael Show 's `` Shoot Up-Able , '' which dealt with a mass shooting , following the two shootings that occurred in the real world on Wednesday -- one targeting a Republican Congress baseball practice and another shooting with multiple fatalities at a UPS facility in San Francisco .
A lone gunman disgruntled with Donald Trump being elected president took aim at Republican lawmakers in Virginia on Wednesday morning during a practice for an annual charity baseball game between congressional Republicans and Democrats . Four were injured , including House majority whip Steve Calise , and the suspect has been killed . In San Francisco , three people were killed before the shooter took their life at the UPS facility .
The Carmichael Show Comes Close , but Misses the Point in Its Rape Episode
The Carmichael Show 's episode , which was available for critics before it aired , did n't depict an actual shooting , but follows the emotional aftermath of Jerrod ( Jerrod Carmichael ) being at the mall when a shooter began firing and killed three people . The episode only lightly touches on the political conversation surrounding mass shootings and gun control and focuses more on Jerrod 's and their family 's reaction to them being in such close proximity to a fatal experience and the tendency for outsiders to make tragic incidences about themselves .
NBC instead aired a different episode of The Carmichael Show , `` Lesbian Wedding , '' which was originally scheduled to air Wednesday , June 28 . `` Shoot Up-Able '' will likely air on that date instead .
Real-world events with eerie similarities can affect network schedules . The Season 1 finale of Mr . Robot was postponed after similarities between a scene and a shooting of a newscaster on camera , Supergirl postponed an episode after a bombing in Paris was deemed too similar to events in the show and Hannibal pulled an episode because it evoked the Sandy Hook massacre .
The Carmichael Show Season 3 is currently airing Wednesday at 9/8c on NBC .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Cooperation between Russia and Pakistan is important to insure stability and security in Central Asia , Pakistani Deputy Foreign Minister Tasnim Aslam told Sputnik following their visit to Moscow , where on March 14 they participated in the fifth multinational Afghanistan peace conference and held meetings in the Russian Foreign Ministry .
`` I met the director of the Russian Foreign Ministry 's Second Asian Department Zamir Kabulov and Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov while in Moscow . We had very positive and very substantive discussions . We are always happy to exchange views with Russia on the reconciliation and stabilization efforts in Afghanistan as it is in our mutual interest , because we are immediate neighbors of Afghanistan . Therefore , our cooperation , apart from our economic relations and political engagement , is also very important in the regional and global settings , '' Aslam said .
The Pakistani official added that one of the biggest threats to Central Asia was the concentration of terrorists in the region . Another problem , according to Aslam , was drug trafficking .
`` Afghanistan is the highest drug producer in the world… It is only logical that the Central Asian states should be at the table to discuss the future in Afghanistan and reconciliation there , '' Aslam added .
They pointed out that the talks were rather fruitful , with all the participants agreeing on the idea that reconciliation was `` the only way forward in Afghanistan . ''
According to Aslam , Moscow and Islamabad are working together toward multidimensional and meaningful relations in all spheres , including economic cooperation , political dialogue and coordination of efforts in the international arena .
`` We have relationships , which are very forward looking . There are a large number of issues across the spectrum on which we hold similar positions , we cooperate in the UN , our economic relations and our political engagements are getting stronger . We would like to see these relations expanding and gaining further strength , '' Aslam said .
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Voskresenskiy Pakistan Urges Restraint Amid US Strikes in Syria Over Idlib Incident
Afghanistan is in a state of political and social turmoil , with government forces fighting the continuing Taliban insurgency . The instability has persisted in the country since the 2001 US-led invasion to defeat the
Taliban
and
al-Qaeda
in the wake of the
9/11 attacks
in the United States .
The lack of control and instability turned the country into home to the largest opium poppy production and distribution network in the world .
Islamabad Welcomes Possible US Mediation of India-Pakistan Conflict
Pakistan favors the United States as a mediator when it comes the country 's role in the deescalation of tensions between India and Pakistan , Aslam told Sputnik , commenting on US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley 's recent remarks about a potential `` pro-active '' engagement of Washington in India-Pakistan affairs .
On April 4 , after the United States assumed the presidency of the United Nations Security Council for the month of April , Nikki Haley told reporters that Washington was concerned about the India-Pakistan dispute , noting that the administration of US President Donald Trump could contribute toward efforts on reducing the heightened tensions . The suggestion was rejected by New Delhi , which insisted on bilateral negotiations on all India-Pakistan issues .
`` We welcome any efforts , which are aimed at defusing the tension in the region . If the US is willing and committed to play this role , or any country , or the United Nations , we welcome that , '' Aslam said .
The Pakistani official stated that they are , however , cautiously optimistic of Haley 's remark , as the previous US administration had failed to fulfill similar promises to help reduce tensions between the two neighboring states .
`` We have heard also from the previous US administration that they wanted to try and mediate somehow , deescalate and promote dialogue . There have n't been any practical manifestations of that or any practical steps , '' Aslam said .
They continued to state that the deescalation of the conflict alone was not sufficient , stressing the urgency to address and find solutions to more crucial issues , such as the human rights violations in the India 's northern state of Jammu and Kashmir , which , according to Aslam , have been left unchecked by the international community .
`` Just deescalation of the conflict is not sufficient . There is a need also to promote a meaningful , result-oriented , sustainable dialogue to resolve the underlining issues . The human rights situation in the Indian occupied Kashmir has to be addressed . India feels encouraged and ramps-up human rights violations , which remain unnoticed or the international community choose to ignore them , '' Aslam stressed .
© AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais India Rejects Any US Mediation in India-Pakistan Relations
The Jammu and Kashmir state has been a territory disputed by India and Pakistan since 1947 . The two countries have gone through three wars over the region , but without having the conflict ever resolved . In 1993 , 26 political , social and religious organizations in India formed the Parties Hurriyat Conference ( APHC ) , an alliance aimed at establishing the independence of the region .
According to the UNSC Resolution of 1948 , both India and Pakistan want the question of the accession of Jammu and Kashmir to India or Pakistan to be decided `` through the democratic method of a free and impartial plebiscite . ''
Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme is apologizing for kicking a female photographer in the head during a holiday concert Saturday in Los Angeles.Photographer Chelsea Lauren posted a video of the incident on their Instagram , saying it was unprovoked and that Homme smiled at them before they hit her.Lauren says they checked out of the hospital and is doing OK.Homme released a statement explaining that they were kicking over lighting equipment on the stage and `` would never intentionally cause harm to anyone . `` Homme also wrote that they hope Lauren accepts their `` sincere apology . ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have announced John Terry will leave the club .
Terry , 37 , signed a one-year deal at Villa Park last summer but could n't help the club to promotion as they lost to Fulham in Saturday 's play-off final .
It now remains to be seen if they will continue their playing career with Terry offered big-money moves to China and the MLS .
They said : `` I 'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club .
`` I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I 'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League , where this club 100 % belongs .
`` Villa will always have a place in my heart and I will look back on my time here and think about how close we were to reaching our goal . ''
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
A club statement read : `` We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism they showed with us last season .
`` John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped . Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room , they played a real captain 's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters , and vice-versa .
`` We hope they look back on their time with Villa fondly and we wish them the very best as their career moves forward . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
The financial implications of failing to secure promotion have hit Villa hard , with Steve Bruce forced to cash in on prized assets .
Jack Grealish is likely to be among those to go with bids upwards of £20m likely to be considered .
Jonathan Kodjia and James Chester are also likely to attract interest .
The former England and Chelsea skipper admitted earlier this month that they are considering going into management .
“ I think I have played under some very good managers who have passed on some very good things , '' they said .
`` Management is a big thing I want to go into , I would like to give it a go . It would be a shame if our generation of players like myself , Lamps and Stevie are not giving back after the careers we have had .
“ I will be prepared whether I decide to carry on playing , or if I decide to stop . I will be ready to go depending on what options I choose . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's happening , folks .
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather have finally agreed terms to meet each other in the ring in what is set to be one of the most hyped sporting events of modern times .
UFC legend McGregor will pull on the boxing gloves and take on the undefeated American in Las Vegas on August 26 .
Mayweather has not fought for two years , announcing their retirement after their win over Andre Berto in September 2015 , which saw them finish with a perfect 49-0 record .
The Irishman has never fought professionally in the boxing ring and will go into the Vegas bout as the heavy underdog .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Getty Images )
The pair will fight under boxing rules , for a 12 round fight at the light-middleweight limit of 154lb .
Showtime will televise the bout on pay-per-view in America , while a bidding war is likely to take place between Sky Sports and BT Sports .
What is certain is that it will bring in an eye-watering amount of money , with sums of £500million being banded around .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mayweather is expected to earn at least $ 100m ( £78.5m ) from the fight and while it is thought McGregor may have agreed a smaller share , UFC head honcho Dana White told TMZ that they expect the Irishman to rake in $ 100m , although they did not break down the financials .
Either way , this is set to be one of the biggest fights in recent memory , and the build-up is only just beginning .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Details of the squalid and seedy 'sex lair ' set up in a principal 's office and how they spent the £100,000 they defrauded from a school have now been revealed .
The News can today exclusively reveal how James Stewart , who was principal of Sawtry Village Academy for almost 30 years , “ specially adapted ” their office into a sex parlour , and how they stayed in hotels in London spending money on adult sex toys .
Police have revealed the pictures of Stewart 's office which had in it a number of sex toys , lubricant , condoms , and wipes .
It was fitted out “ like an apartment ” with custom made furniture , a drinks cabinet of a kind and Stewart also had within it an ‘ inner sanctum ' .
Stewart , who was often holed up in their office , also habitually left the school to watch horse racing and flying off on skiing holidays , defrauded the school and regularly drank heavily during the school day .
The 72-year-old pleaded guilty to charges brought against them in March 2017 , including one misconduct in public office charge that stated they regularly had sex with an adult in their college office specially modified for this habit .
Stewart was jailed for four years at Huntingdon Law Courts today ( October 6 ) .
Ex-vice principal Alan Stevens , who also admitted committing fraud through misuse of position . They walked free from court after being sentenced to 24 weeks in prison , suspended for 12 months .
Criminal charges were brought against the pair in December 2014 after the Education Funding Agency investigated the school in July of that year . This investigation followed a June 2014 Ofsted inspection , which put the College into special measures .
Police were told about Stewart 's seedy activities after staff members in the school turned whistleblowers to the Department for Education and the Education Funding Agency ( EFA ) who in turn contacted the police .
Detective Constable Al Bassam of Cambridgeshire Constabulary , who was a leading figure in the investigation , has told the News how Stewart spent the cash and set up their office as a sex ‘ dungeon ' .
The detective said : “ The office was described by a witness as being set up like an apartment with a lounge area , dining area with cooking facilities and a bedroom area , made up of sofa cushions on the floor .
“ One room contained a dining table , six chairs , three comfy chairs and a coffee table .
“ There was a handcrafted dresser and several cupboards containing glasses and places with custom made oak furniture and doors that had been fitted .
“ There was a sink and toilet described as being in the ‘ inner sanctum ' which had been partitioned with towels and rugs on it .
“ Within there items of a sexual nature were found , such as a large purple vibrator , two further vibrators in a drawer a selection of condoms , wet wipes , tissues , a game called saucy charades , a pack of penis shaped drinking straws , a finger clitoral stimulator , some watermelon lubricant , and six coasters with scenes from the Kama Sutra on them . ”
And further details of how Stewart spent their ill-gotten gains on sex toys and hotels have also been revealed .
Stewart spent £8,798 on electrical goods including at least three TVs , DVD players , cameras and laptops .
They racked up bills of a staggering £41,233 on food and drink including alcohol often in restaurants in Bedford near to their home address .
And Stewart spent £4,800 on ‘ leisure activities ' - often hotel stays in London at the weekend and buying items of an “ adult nature from a local adult store ” .
They racked up a £1,280 phone bill and a further £10,766 in garden centres , DIY and furniture stores .
Stewart also used the money they defrauded from the school to pay £1,315 on private car insurance , £1,811 on gift cards and vouchers as well as £3,919 on travel .
Other spends included £119 on motor expenses , £6,547 on unknown non-receipted items
Within that £900 was spent on charge card expense , £724 on private insurance , £414 on newspaper and magazine subscriptions and finally £2,975 on fish and wine .
In September 2014 the academy confirmed all assets had been returned and a cheque for the missing alcohol had been recieved .
In 2013 Stewart 's earnings totalled £120,303 - made up of a basic salary of £113,303 and a community allowance of £7,000 given to schools in areas of deprivation .
The headteacher continued to receive pay rises equal to that of inner city London schools , with added allowances despite the school 's failings .
Stewart received the allowance from 2010 to 2013 and had two salary increases in that time , rising from £109,658 in 2010 to £112,181 from 2010-12 before their final raise to £113,303 .
As a result of the EFA investigation , criminal charges were brought against Mr Stewart and Mr Alan Stevens , the former deputy principal , in December 2014 .
In March 2017 Mr Stewart pleaded guilty to charges brought against him , including a single charge of misconduct in public office for their sexual exploits , regular drinking during the school day and ski breaks and racing trips . They also pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud .
Towards the end of Stewart 's shameful tenure in 2014 the academy was placed in special measures and was facing financial crisis .
Reports from the school also say Stewart regularly and frequently locked themselves away in their office making it impossible for others to reach him .
Stewart , who oversaw the college 's transition from a local authority school to an academy in February 2012 , resigned in July 2014 .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema would love the chance to play alongside Eden Hazard and says they would be a great signing for the Spanish giants .
Hazard has been one of the star performers for Chelsea this season and has been instrumental in helping them move towards regaining the Premier League title .
The Belgian superstar continues to be linked with a big money move away from Stamford Bridge with reports suggesting that Real Madrid could break the £100million barrier to sign the 26-year-old .
( Photo : JAVIER SORIANO/AFP/Getty Images )
Hazard has scored 14 goals this season and Antonio Conte will be doing everything they can to ensure their star forward remains with the west London club during the summer .
Benzema has been impressed with the performances by Hazard and said they would be a great signing for Real Madrid if they could manage to finalise a deal .
Benzema , speaking to French broadcaster Telefoot , said : “ [ Hazard ] is a very good player , what can I say ?
“ I have not seen the rumours , but it 's obvious that they would be a good signing . ”
The Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office is warning locals about scam calls regarding missed jury duty .
According to their Facebook page , the caller claims to be the chief deputy , telling the person they 've missed a summons for jury duty .
That 's when the caller asks for money .
The Sheriff 's Office put the number the scammer is using on their Facebook , and says if you call the number back , there 's a message saying it 's the Sheriff 's Office .
Deputies say if you 've received a call like this , file a complaint at IC3.gov .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Shenandoah man charged with trying to rape a woman in Shenandoah on Dec. 3 , 2016 , is among those scheduled to plead not guilty Thursday during arraignment in Schuylkill County Court .
Luis A. Henriquez , 36 , of 109 N. Main St. , 2nd Floor , was arrested by Shenandoah police Patrolman William Moyer and charged with criminal attempt to commit rape , involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , sexual assault , indecent assault , indecent exposure and open lewdness .
Moyer charged Henriquez with taking a woman to their apartment building so they could look at another apartment for rent . The woman said they went to the Henriquez apartment with the man and they threw them onto their bed and grabbed them under their shirt , Moyer said .
Prior to that , Moyer said , Henriquez tried to have the woman touch them inappropriately , but they refused .
Others scheduled to plead not guilty , and the charges against them , include :
Angel M. Rosario , 43 , of 505 W. Market St. , Apt . 3 , Pottsville — DUI , DUI-highest rate and failure to obey traffic control signals .
Brittany M. Best , 24 , of 2420 Running Bear Cove , Auburn — DUI , DUI-highest rate , careless driving and failure to drive on roadways laned for traffic .
William D. Hostetter , 74 , of 39 E. Grand Ave. , Box 7 , Tower City — DUI , DUI-high rate , DUI-highest rate and careless driving .
Kevin L. Umbenhauer , 32 , of 22 North St. , Tremont — DUI , failure to drive on roadways laned for traffic , careless driving , text-based communications prohibited , failure to use seat belts and failure to give immediate notice of accident to police .
Shawn M. Strouphauer , 40 , of 184 Sweet Arrow Lake Road , Pine Grove — driving under the influence of drugs , possession of a small amount of marijuana , possession of drug paraphernalia , maximum speed limits violation and failure to be licensed .
Robert J. Koury , 60 , of 1124 W. Market St. , Pottsville— DUI , DUI-highest rate and failure to drive on roadways laned for traffic .
Daniel S. Aregood , 25 , of 9 W. Penn St. , Schuylkill Haven , and 221 N. Liberty St. , Schuylkill Haven — driving under the influence of drugs , careless driving , failure to be licensed , DUI , endangering the welfare of a child , unlawful activities , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Bruce D. Matalavage , 57 , of 146B Owl Creek Road , Tamaqua — possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance , possession of a small amount of marijuana , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Joshua Dewire , 27 , of 66 Holland St. , Tamaqua , and State Correctional Institution/Camp Hill — defiant trespass , conspiracy , forgery , theft by deception , possession of drug paraphernalia and receiving stolen property .
Michael A. Goetz , 25 , of 16 Schumacher Ave. , Schuylkill Haven — reckless driving and accidents involving damage to attended vehicles or property .
Amber Eddie , 31 , of 26 W. Main St. , 1st Floor , Schuylkill Haven — unauthorized use of automobiles , theft , receiving stolen property , criminal mischief and failure to be licensed .
Tricia Wilde , 30 , of 500 Dock St. , Schuylkill Haven — resisting arrest and public drunkenness .
Emily L. Brown , 18 , of 33 Ketners Road , Pottsville — theft and receiving stolen property .
Shane M. McNulty , 24 , of 182 S. Front St. , Schuylkill Haven — possession of drug paraphernalia .
Sarah Fogarty , 34 , of 135 N. Catherine St. , Shenandoah — possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Gary J. Schrepple II , 28 , of 543 Back Road , Barnesville — retail theft .
Angela L. Vidal , 48 , of 557 S. Centre St. , Pottsville — theft and receiving stolen property .
Jennifer L. Ost , 39 , of 26 Fritz Reed Ave. , Schuylkill Haven — retail theft .
Wayne T. Lensoky , 35 , of 139 Main St. , Seltzer — receiving stolen property .
Rebecca J. Nugent , 31 , of 14 Mary St. , Pottsville — retail theft .
Brooke A. Neidlinger , 19 , of 615 Hillcroft Ave. , Schuylkill Haven — retail theft .
Kyle T. Burfield , 24 , of 332 N. Delaware Ave. , Minersville — possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Nolan L. Heffner , 23 , of 143 S. Third St. , Minersville — theft , receiving stolen property and conspiracy .
Kimberly A. Dixon , 51 , of 112 S. Third St. , Frackville — retail theft .
Raymond T. Kemps , 37 , of 3529 Sweet Arrow Lake Road , Pine Grove — theft of property lost , mislaid or delivered by mistake and receiving stolen property .
Dakota S. Whitman , 21 , of 20 Spruce St. , Minersville — identity theft .
Daniel Schwertfeger , 25 , of 114 W. Phillips St. , Coaldale — lacking lamps and other equipment on pedal cycles , failure to obey the rules of the road as pedal cycler , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Jodie E. Mowrer , 43 , of 411 E. Cherry St. , Orwigsburg — aggravated assault on police , simple assault , endangering the welfare of a child , resisting arrest and harassment .
Christopher M. Lawrence , 18 , of 65 N. Berne St. , Schuylkill Haven — terroristic threats , simple assault and harassment .
Todd W. Neifert Jr. , 34 , of 64 Ketners Road , Pottsville — receiving stolen property .
Raymond J. Peters Jr. , 48 , of 328 E. Beech St. , Hazleton — aggravated indecent assault of a child , corruption of minors and indecent assault .
Gabriel Gonzalez-Mojica , 23 , of 908 Long Run Road , Pine Grove — possession of a small amount of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Shy A. Kilraine-Richter , 27 , of Schuylkill County Prison , Pottsville — burglary , criminal trespass , theft and receiving stolen property .
Brandon M. Block , 28 , of 212 St. Peter St. , Apt . 3 , Schuylkill Haven — possession of a controlled substance .
Crystal Blackwell , 30 , of 208 Pioneer Road , Shenandoah — burglary , criminal trespass , simple assault , defiant trespass , simple trespass , harassment , forgery , identity theft , access device fraud , theft , receiving stolen property and theft by deception .
William J. Sanchez , 29 , of 322 W. Spruce St. , Mahanoy City — burglary , criminal trespass , theft , disorderly conduct , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Colin M. Hasara , 36 , of 401 W. South St. , Mahanoy City — possession of a small amount of marijuana , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Heather M. Bowden , 29 , of 170 James St. , Kaska — possession of drug paraphernalia .
Jason Oshman , 29 , of 605 W. Penn St. , Shenandoah — prohibited offensive weapons and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Brandon L. Deesing , 19 , of 534 Centre St. , Mahanoy Cit — terroristic threats , simple assault , disorderly conduct , criminal mischief and harassment .
Tiara R. Pleva , 32 , of 109 E. Centre St. , Shenandoah — retail theft and tampering with or fabricating physical evidence .
James T. Faust , 29 , of 33 E. Coal St. , Shenandoah — simple assault , harassment and recklessly endangering another person .
Ryan J. Briggs , 29 , of 36 Pattersonville Road , Ringtown — failure to use seat belts , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Robert M. Wills , 35 , of Rear 535 S. Kennedy Drive , McAdoo — defiant trespass , criminal attempt to commit theft by deception , criminal mischief and disorderly conduct .
Dylan D. Smolar , 21 , of 34 Chain Circle Drive , New Ringgold — retail theft and possession of a controlled substance .
Thomas Gaughan , 54 , of 23 S. Kennedy Drive , McAdoo — defiant trespass and disorderly conduct .
Shawn W. Johnson , 31 , of 221 Pine St. , Tamaqua — possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Judith A. Allen , 60 , of 118 N. Railroad St. , Tamaqua — retail theft , public drunkenness and false identification to law enforcement .
Bradley C. McKeone , 25 , of 419 Adams St. , Pottsville — simple assault , recklessly endangering another person , harassment , disorderly conduct , fleeing or attempting to elude police , theft , receiving stolen property , driving while operating privileges are suspended or revoked , driving an unregistered vehicle , unauthorized transfer or use of registration , driving without insurance , failure to obey traffic control devices , limitations on overtaking on the left , no passing zones , failure to drive on roadways laned for traffic , stop and yield sign violations , turning movements and required signals violation , driving at an unsafe speed , abandonment of vehicles , careless driving , reckless driving and violations of use of inspection certificate .
Chad A . Shade , 32 , of 132 Sunset Lane , New Philadelphia — possession of a small amount of marijuana , possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Rebecca J. Grandy , 32 , of 300 Route 61 South , Apt . 10 , Schuylkill Haven — possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Bobby L. Taylor , 23 , of 400 E. Norwegian St. , Basement Apartment , Pottsville — possession of drug paraphernalia .
Andrew Manegold , 18 , of 1102 E. Pine St. , Mahanoy City — concealment of the whereabouts of a child , interference with the custody of children , endangering the welfare of children and corruption of minors .
Robert F. Moncrief , 21 , of 311 W. Lloyd St. , Shenandoah — aggravated assault , simple assault , indecent exposure , resisting arrest , institutional vandalism , disorderly conduct and public drunkenness .
Christine S. Manegold , 42 , of 561 E. Howard Ave. , Stowe — concealment of the whereabouts of child , interference with the custody of children , endangering the welfare of a child , corruption of minors and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Raul Muluto , 23 , of 134 N. Bower St. , Shenandoah — resisting arrest , disorderly conduct , driving while operating privileges are suspended or revoked , abandonment on a highway , general lighting requirements violation , turning movements and required signals violation , approach of emergency vehicle violation and failure to be licensed .
Lantz L. Lane , 24 , of 402 E. Centre St. , Mahanoy City — terroristic threats , resisting arrest , disorderly conduct , possession of a small amount of marijuana , possession of drug paraphernalia and public drunkenness .
Jeifri J. Graciano-Suazo , 27 , last known address of 124 N. Chestnut St. , Shenandoah — delivery of a controlled substance and conspiracy .
Matthew M. Hartranft , 33 , of 336 Lincoln St. , Tamaqua — terroristic threats , simple assault , harassment , resisting arrest , disorderly conduct and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Michelle D. Sillers , 37 , of 62 N. Sheridan St. , McAdoo — bad checks .
Adam Burne , 39 , of 307 Race St. , Tamaqua — corruption of minors and indecent assault .
Nicholas E. Yasson , 49 , of 113 E. Water St. , Coaldale — unauthorized use of automobiles .
Michael J. Kelchner , 31 , of 357 S. Lehigh Ave. , Frackville — possession of drug paraphernalia .
Jessica L. O'Boyle , 28 , of 738 Brock St. , Ashland — theft , receiving stolen property , unauthorized use of automobiles , driving while operating privileges are suspended or revoked and failure to be licensed .
Timothy J. Stephens , 29 , of 1116 Brock St. , Ashland — illegal possession or use of firearms and prohibited offensive weapons .
Michele E. Beaver , 58 , of 17 Jerrys Road , Ringtown — terroristic threats and harassment .
Kayla O'Donnell , 27 , of 108 E. Centre St. , Shenandoah — retail theft and receiving stolen property .
Brandon S. Herb , 27 , of State Correctional Institution/Mahanoy , Frackville — receiving stolen property .
John J. Ulrich , 32 , of 524 W. Pine St. , Mahanoy City — access device fraud and receiving stolen property .
By TERRANCE HARRIS , Associated Press
ORLANDO , Fla. ( AP ) — A UCF football player may have to choose between continuing to play college football and building their brand on YouTube .
Sophomore kicker Donald De La Haye said in a video they may have to decide whether to remain with the Knights football team or pursue their passion as a YouTube personality after meeting with the school 's compliance office last week . They could be violating NCAA rules by receiving money from the advertising revenue off their YouTube videos that chronicle their life as a college student and as a college football player .
De La Haye has nearly 56,000 subscribers on YouTube and their latest video detailing their battle to keep their channel going had 113,042 views as of Wednesday afternoon . YouTube pays video creators a percentage of the ad revenue profits .
De La Haye , who could not be reached for comment on Wednesday , discussed their dilemma in their most recent YouTube video posted on Monday .
“ Some people upstairs are n't happy with my videos and they like I 'm in violation of NCAA rules and whatnot , ” De La Haye said in the video . “ I do n't understand but who am I to say what is in the rulebook and what is not . ”
The school released a vague statement Wednesday , leaving it unclear whether De La Haye can continue publishing their videos .
“ UCF athletics is committed to rule compliance , ” the statement read . “ Our compliance staff strives to make sure our student-athletes are informed about all pertinent NCAA bylaws . ”
A person with knowledge of the situation said that De La Haye was not told in last week 's meeting that they have to discontinue making the video . The person was told the meeting was the first in a series of discussions that the player will have with the compliance office . The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because details of the meeting with De La Haye have not been publicly released .
The NCAA referred all comments to UCF , saying that it has not received a waiver from the school in regards to the matter .
NCAA rules prohibit student-athletes from profiting from their likeness or status as student-athletes because it violates amateur guidelines . NCAA bylaw 12.4.4 regarding self-employment states a student-athlete may establish their or their own business , provided the student-athlete 's name , photograph , appearance or athletics reputation are not used to promote the business .
De La Haye , a marketing major , said in that video posted Monday that they created the channel as a way to further their career . They went on to say it is means to make a little extra money , money the Costa Rica native said their family needs .
“ Basically , I 'm not allowed to make any money off my YouTube videos , ” they said . “ So I 'm working hard — basically like a job filming , editing , creating ideas — and I 'm not allowed to make any money . And if I do bad things will happen . ”
De La Haye , who seems to have a huge personality in the videos they create , begins the video discussing their dilemma and an impending meeting with a school compliance worker in between taking bites of a hamburger . With a use of a time lapse element , later in the 10:39 video they discuss the meeting with the compliance worker and they say they are disappointed with the decision they believe they must now make .
“ I feel like they are making me pick between my passion and what I love to do , make videos , entertain and be creative and my other passion playing football , ” said De La Haye , a kickoff specialist who appeared all 13 of the Knights games last season . “ I 've really got some decisions to make and not a lot of time to make those decisions . ”
___
More college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Malicious insiders are the most dangerous security risk of all .
May 30 , 2018 5 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
A major risk to businesses is one that they often overlook -- rogue employees , also known as the `` insider threat . ''
Related : No One Is Safe From the Data Breach Epidemic ( Infographic )
While many companies today are devoting more resources to preventing hackers from stealing sensitive information , rogue employees can pose a far more serious risk because they have inside access to company secrets , clients and technologies , and they are often not sufficiently monitored . According to the Ponemon Institute , the cost of an insider-related incident is actually higher than a data breach caused by an outside hacker - $ 4.3 million per incident versus $ 3.62 million , respectively , and these costs could exceed $ 8 million over a 12-month period .
Insider threats are also on the rise . A 2018 report by the Ponemon Institute found that malicious insider incidents have grown by 56 percent since 2016 .
A quick scan of the news on any given week will show how prevalent these cases are . For instance , in a recent case at Facebook , a security engineer was accused of abusing their privileged access to stalk women online . In January , a Chinese company was found guilty of using an AMSC employee to steal $ 800 million worth of intellectual property from that company . In April , a former Manhattan dental office receptionist was convicted of stealing the identities of over 650 patients . And the list goes on and on .
Related : Passwords Are Scarily Insecure . Here Are a Few Safer Alternatives .
Yet , in spite of the risks , many companies remain unprepared . Nearly one-third of companies admit they have no ability to prevent or deter an insider attack , and only 9 percent consider their insider prevention measures to be effective , according to a 2015 study by the SANS Institute .
Preventing this type of abuse is n't easy , but it can be done .
Here are four ways to manage the risk posed by trusted insiders .
Access controls
The key to reducing a company 's exposure to insider threats is by creating strong `` access controls '' that prevent how much data a single employee is able to freely access in the first place .
No single employee should have unfettered access to all of the company 's secrets -- rather , sensitive data should be siloed , and employee access should be decided on a case by case basis , determined by the employee 's need to access such data in order to fulfill their duties . For example , a sales manager does not need access to the company 's intellectual property , and an IT administrator does not need access to the company 's client roster . The separate roles within a company should also be separated by the level of data access they have .
Related : Making Your Data Unreadable to Whoever Steals It Might Be the Only Way to Keep It Safe
Technical controls
In addition to establishing policy controls on data access , a company should also have in place strong technical controls that prevent over-access or abuse by insiders .
These controls should include : encrypting highly sensitive data , so that only specific people can access it ; blocking or restricting certain types of tools and websites from employee devices , such as Tor , file transfer protocol ( FTP ) services , etc . ; restricting the use of remote logins to the company 's network ; resetting passwords immediately for any terminated employee ; and requiring regular password resets for all employee accounts in order to reduce the likelihood of learned or shared passwords .
Mobile device management
This is another crucial step , particularly in today 's highly mobile and bring-your-own-device business world . A mobile device management ( MDM ) service enables a company to monitor the content on both company-owned and personally owned devices , as well as to containerize company data and allow for remote wiping if needed .
Related : Why This Cybersecurity Expert Wants You to Rethink What You Keep Secret
Monitoring
There are many different tools available for keeping an eye on employees , ranging from all-inclusive Big Brother-style technologies that monitor all employee activity on devices ( such as email , social media , web browsing , etc . ) to more focused tools like exfiltration monitoring , which only look for files being transmitted from the company network to a remote IP address .
However , it 's important for companies to not be too heavy-handed with employee monitoring , or it could backfire . If employees feel they are n't trusted or valued by the company , they could act out -- the exact thing the company is trying to avoid in the first place .
It is best to take a more moderate approach with monitoring , by focusing on what really matters . Exfiltration monitoring , file access monitoring ( who is accessing important files , and when and where ) and email monitoring are three good steps to take .
Related : What You Need to Know About Multifactor Authentication
While there is no way to completely eliminate the insider threat , by taking a few key steps , companies can drastically lower their risk and keep employees in check . For more on this issue , see the FBI 's tip sheet on averting the insider threat .
AFTER 10 years of taking phone calls at Lifeline 's crisis counselling centre in Lismore , it 's the `` sense of altruism '' with their fellow human beings that keeps volunteer Alick Mitchell coming back each week .
Since they started at Lifeline he 's taken thousands of calls from people in varying degrees of emotional and psychological pain .
They said the connections developed with callers over the years were often the `` little piece of gold '' they needed to carry on in life .
They said they had helped support people contemplating suicide on multiple occaions .
`` The practice is that you learn to hear people 's reasons ( for contemplating suicide ) , and in hearing their reasons you connect with them , '' they said .
`` That just takes the pressure off , which gives a little bit of relief . That 's all people are searching for , how to find some relief . The little tributaries have mounted up on people and they 've become overwhelmed and it just pushes ( them ) over the edge . ''
But only a tiny minority of calls involve someone contemplating imminent suicide . Many simply feel lonely , and also need support and connection with another human being .
Mr Mitchell said they first volunteered for Lifeline after dealing with depression himself . After getting on top of it , it was their counsellor who suggested they try Lifeline as a way to expand their perspective .
`` The altruism of it makes your world bigger , whereas if you get self-absorbed it makes your world a lot smaller , '' they said .
Lifeline is currently seeking 16-18 new volunteers for its annual training course starting on July 8-9 and has extended the closing date for applications until June 23 .
Lifeline centre manager Niall Mulligan said the key attribute for prospective volunteers was simple : empathy .
`` The job can be difficult , it certainly is demanding at times , but Lifeline volunteers know that their work saves lives and can give them a great deal of personal satisfaction , '' Mr Mulligan said .
`` A Lifeline volunteer can literally go home five or six times a year knowing they have saved someone 's life . ''
They said the Northern Rivers community had consistently supported for the service and understood its importance as part of a community suicide prevention strategy .
The Lismore centre answers about 21,000 calls a year of the total 850,000 calls taken by Lifeline nationally .
Volunteers will participate in an eight week course , one night a week , plus two weekend workshops and comprehensive on-the-job training with one-on-one support and focused mentoring .
Email lifeline @ lis.net.au for a basic information pack or call the Northern Rivers office on 6622 4133 .
Miles Teller has been cast as the son of Goose in the long-planned sequel to “ Top Gun . ”
Teller was announced Tuesday as the co-star opposite Tom Cruise in “ Top Gun : Maverick. ” He 'll be playing the son of Maverick 's wingman . Goose was played by Anthony Edwards in the 1986 original .
The film , which will also returns Val Kilmer as Iceman , is scheduled to be released by Paramount Pictures in July 2019 . Directing is Joe Kosinski , who helmed “ Oblivion , ” also with Cruise .
Actors Glen Powell and Nicholas Hoult had been up for the much sought-after part , but Teller won out .
The 31-year-old actor celebrated on Twitter with the first half of a famous quote from “ Top Gun ” : “ I feel the need . . . ”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
© AP Photo/ Rafiq Maqbool
The Indian Navy deployed four warships in the Mediterranean Sea and along the East coast of Africa to ensure maritime order in solidarity with friendly and like-minded countries . `` In recent past , Indian Navy has been involved in assisting countries in the Indian Ocean Region with Hydrographic Survey , Search and Rescue , EEZ Surveillance and other such capacity-building and capability enhancement activities . The current deployment in the Mediterranean Sea will contribute towards the Indian Navy 's efforts to consolidate interoperability and forge strong bonds of friendship across the seas , '' read an Indian Navy statement.During their deployment in the Mediterranean , the Indian warships will engage with the Hellenic Navy .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rob Gronkowski will play in the Super Bowl this Sunday after being cleared by the NFL 's concussion protocol .
Reports in the US say the New England Patriots star will address the media later this evening and announce their availability to face the Philadelphia Eagles .
The tight end had declared themselves `` ready to roll '' but was waiting on officials to give them the medical all clear .
`` I officially got the word today that I was cleared , so it was super nice to hear from the doctors going through the whole process , '' they said . `` I 'm ready to roll . ''
Gronkowski went off during the AFC Championship Game after a hit from Jaguars safety Barry Church , for which they were fined .
But they said they would be in action after hailing the team 's medical staff .
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
`` That definitely helped out big-time , '' they said . `` They just did every step , every day , and everything went smooth . ... I knew it was going to happen . It was just when .
`` It 's football . It is what it is . It 's a split second to make a decision . It 's running full speed one way -- I 'm going the other way . It 's just part of the game . It happens , and just got to move on . ''
The 6ft 6in star is considered one of the Patriot 's greatest attacking weapons and travelled with their team to Minneapolis this week .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The only English coach left in Europe has been handed the chance to write their name into football folklore .
Graham Potter is the 42-year-old Brummie in charge of Swedish minnows Ostersunds who will face Arsenal in the last 32 of the Europa League .
What makes it even more incredible is Potter 's remarkable journey that has taken Ostersunds from the Swedish fourth tier into European football in just six years .
The ex-Southampton , Boston United and West Brom defender has gone from coaching at Leeds University as recently as 2010 to being the biggest success story in Swedish football .
They are even making plans to build a statue in their honour near the small ground which holds just over 8,000 and will host Arsenal with fans already desperately trying to get tickets .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Potter said : “ Fantastic draw ! I wanted to get a really big team .
`` I think it is really cool to be going home to England and meeting one of the best teams in the Premier League . Now we are really underdogs . ''
Potter was recommended to Ostersunds by former Boston United teammate Graeme Jones , a long time coach and assistant to Belgium boss Roberto Martinez .
Jones had one of football 's many unlikely friendships with Ostersunds chairperson Daniel Kindberg and to their credit they took a chance on Potter after the club slipped into the fourth division .
Ostersunds were only formed in 1996 - the same year as Wenger was appointed at Arsenal - but after three promotions in five years they are set for their biggest adventure yet .
Ostersunds forward Saman Ghoddos said : “ It is insane . Never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined facing Arsenal in the knockout stages of the Europa League when I signed for Ostersunds .
( Image : Ombrello )
`` We drew the best team straight away . Now we will look forward to this match . There will be no chance to just relax during the ( winter break ) , we will be training hard . ”
And Wenger admits they may start fielding stronger teams in the knock-out stages after relying on kids and fringe players in the Group .
It offers a passport into the Champions League for the winners and Wenger believes Arsenal have a genuine chance of lifting the trophy .
The Gunners boss said : “ I just think do we have a chance to win it ? I would say yes , so let 's give it a go .
“ It 's like the FA Cup , we go straight away to direct knock-outs , so it 's important we have a go and give absolutely everything to do it . That 's why it was good in the first round to give experience to everybody . ”
Gökmen Altuntas is like a woodworker 's answer to a Von Neumann machine ( a machine that replicates itself ) . Over the coarse of the videos on this channel , you get to see a whole workshop being homemade , one tool at a time . In one of the recent videos , it 's a benchtop jointer that gets constructed out of some scrap wood to hold an inverted Makita KP0800 planer .
As one of the YouTube commenters summarizes the build :
How to build a jointer :
Step 1 : Build a table saw
Step 2 : Use table saw to build a drill press
Step 3 : Use the drill press to build a table jig saw
Step 4 : Use all to build a jointer
On the Gökmen ALTUNTAŞ channel , you can see that table saw , drill press , jig saw , and other shop tools being fabricated from plywood and other basic stock , using the previously-constructed tools .
11 Thomas Jefferson Quotes on Motivation , Mindset , Prod ...
11 Thomas Jefferson Quotes on Motivation , Mindset , Prod ...
Sleep In and Make Millions : Why You Do n't Need to Wake Up at 5 A.M .
Sleep-loving millionaires share the secrets to their success .
EMBED > More News Videos Josh Einiger reports on the latest arrests in the murder of a Bronx teen .
Police arrested two more suspects Tuesday in the deadly machete stabbing of an innocent teenager in New York , bringing the total to ten.29-year-old Diego Suero of the Bronx , was charged with murder , manslaughter , gang assault , conspiracy , and criminal possession of a weapon in connection with the death of Lesandro Guzman-Feliz , affectionately known as Junior.Suero is also believed to be a member of the Trinitarios gang , The 10th suspect was arrested Tuesday night . 26-year-old Gabriel Ramirez Concepcion is charged with murder , manslaughter , gang assault and criminal possession of a weapon.The attack happened outside a bodega on East 183rd Street and Bathgate Avenue in the Tremont section just after 11:30 p.m. on June 20 , in what authorities believe was a case of mistaken identity that left the entire community outraged.Guzman-Feliz was dragged outside and slashed and stabbed with a machete after police say the group of gang members mistook them for a rival . The teen , who had hopes of becoming an NYPD detective , tried to run to St. Barnabas Hospital a block away but collapsed on the sidewalk.Seven of the other eight suspects appeared in court Monday . Here are the identities of each suspect and the charges they are facing : -- Kevin Alvarez , 19 : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault -- Jose Muniz , 21 , of Paterson : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Jose Taverez , 21 , of the Bronx : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Manuel Rivera , 18 , of the Bronx : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon , and criminal possession of a weapon -- Daniel Fernandez , 21 , of the Bronx : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Jonaiki Martinez-Estrella , 24 , of Freeport : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Antonio Santiago-Hernandez , 24 , of the Bronx : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Elvin Garcia , 23 : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter and criminal possession of weaponSources tell Eyewitness News that three of the eight men already charged in the murder have been placed in isolation at Rikers Island to protect them from the other inmates.Authorities identified Martinez-Estrella , who has a prior arrest for robbing and beating a 14-year-old with a golf club in 2016 , as the one who sliced the victim 's neck . `` This investigation is not over , '' NYPD Chief of Detectives Dermot Shea said . `` The brutal nature of this crime , we will leave literally no stone unturned . `` Authorities say the men are all members of the Trinitarios gang , which is also believed to be involved in the stabbing of a 14-year-old on the Bronx River Parkway last month.The NYPD is now cracking down on that gang `` Pick up a gun , pick up a machete , rob an elderly victim walking home from the train is a one-way ticket to prison , '' Shea said.The NYPD said they added extra staff to the CrimeStoppers tip line because they received a `` torrent of tips '' related to the case . The public is urged to continue to provide information , and anyone with information should call 1800-577-TIPS .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mark Wright says they were devastated to miss their cousin Elliott 's wedding day .
The 30-year-old reality star has been moaning that their work commitments in Los Angeles prevented them from joining their former TOWIE co-star on their big day .
Mark - who is a presenter on entertainment TV show Extra in the USA - was upset to miss out on all the fun .
Elliott , 35 , tied-the-knot with 25-year-old Sadie Stuart in September - with a TV show about their big day due to air on ITV Be later this month .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Instagram )
“ I speak to Elliott every day . It 's upsetting I could n't be there , ” Mark whined to The Sun .
“ I really , really wanted to go to the wedding . I tried everything I could but the new job I have , holiday time in America is a lot different , it 's a lot stricter and you only get a certain amount of time , ” they continued - following reports they work for Extra seven days per week .
“ It was such a shame because I wanted to be there for them and as well as that all my family and friends are there but I 'm sure I 'll do something , ” Mark added .
( Image : Getty )
It has been quite the day of complaints for Mark as they earlier revealed they desperately miss their own wife , TV beauty Michelle Keegan .
`` I 'm without my friends , without my family , without my wife - it 's always going to be a bit lonely but I 'm not complaining just yet , ” they said .
In contrast , Michelle recently announced they are quite enjoying life without Mark , telling Closer magazine : “ at the moment it 's nice to spend some time apart , ” before adding : `` and be able to miss each other again . ''
Copyright 2018 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
SCOTT SIMON , HOST :
Ida Lupino was a Hollywood star of the '40s and '50s - gorgeous , gifted and a trailblazer for women directors . Ida Lupino was born a century ago this weekend . So we 're joined by playwright , lyricist and broadcaster Murray Horwitz . And he 's got a bias .
MURRAY HORWITZ , BYLINE : ( Laughter ) .
SIMON : He 's been in love with Ida Lupino since they were 7 years old .
HORWITZ : ( Laughter ) .
SIMON : Murray , thanks so much for being with us .
HORWITZ : Thank you for having me , Scott . It 's a pleasure . And it 's a pleasure to talk about Ida Lupino .
SIMON : Well , help us remember .
HORWITZ : They were - there was nothing they could n't do . They could act . They were a wonderful actor . They were also a wonderful star - a glamorous one . They directed . She 's certainly among the most prolific Hollywood female directors of all time . Shoot , for many years in the '50s , they were the only working director of the Directors Guild of America - some 1,300 people - who was a woman . They wrote . They produced . They did everything well .
SIMON : We 've got some audio that 'll help us remember Ida Lupino . This first clip , I guess , is `` High Sierra . ''
HORWITZ : Yeah . One of the things I wanted to show with these clips is they were an actor of astonishing range . Here they are with Humphrey Bogart as this kind of really devoted , almost puppyish lover .
( SOUNDBITE OF FILM , `` HIGH SIERRA '' )
HUMPHREY BOGART : ( As Roy Earle ) Going back East , I guess .
IDA LUPINO : ( As Marie ) I 'm going with you .
BOGART : ( As Roy Earle ) Well , do n't talk like a sap . You stick around with me , you 'll never be in anything but trouble .
LUPINO : ( As Marie ) Look , Roy , no matter what happens , I 'm sticking with you .
HORWITZ : And then you compare that to a kind of film noir . She 's a scheming woman . She 's determined to climb their way up from this dirty steel town where they live . And be sure to listen to the slap . This is Ida Lupino with Cornel Wilde .
( SOUNDBITE OF FILM , `` ROAD HOUSE '' )
LUPINO : ( As Lily Stevens ) I came out of here with a contract . I needed the dough . And I 'm going to collect every nasty little cent of it , maybe , more .
CORNEL WILDE : ( As Pete Morgan ) Now , look , baby , I 'm not trying to rush you .
( SOUNDBITE OF SLAP )
LUPINO : ( As Lily Stevens ) Silly boy .
SIMON : Ooh .
HORWITZ : ( Laughter ) .
SIMON : That was n't a sound effect , was it ?
HORWITZ : Silly boy ( laughter ) .
SIMON : Silly boy , did they say ? How did you become a director ? I guess knowing how to slap Cornel Wilde ...
HORWITZ : ( Laughter ) .
SIMON : ... Is one qualification .
HORWITZ : Yeah , they watched every - they observed . They would hang with the cameramen . And they would hang with the lighting designers . And they would - they just - they watched everything so that in 1949 , when they and their then-husband , Collier Young , were producing a movie called `` Not Wanted , '' and the director , Elmer Clifton , had a heart attack right as shooting began , it was natural for them to step in because they knew more about directing than anybody else . They did the most important thing any Hollywood director can do , Scott . They got out on time and under budget . And the movie was a hit . It recouped about ten times its investment .
SIMON : What films - Ida Lupino films - do you want to point us to ?
LUPINO : Well , the most important one is `` The Hitch-Hiker . '' It 's brilliantly directed . It 's a film noir . It 's a thriller . It 's so well-shot . They were great at moving camera angles , at really interesting camera angles , at lighting . And the other thing - she 's great at telling the story without much dialogue .
( SOUNDBITE OF FILM , `` THE HITCH-HIKER '' )
WILLIAM TALMAN : ( As Emmett Myers ) You get the know-how and a few bucks in your pocket . You can buy anything or anybody , especially if you got them at the point of a gun . That really scares them .
FRANK LOVEJOY : ( As Gilbert Bowen ) You have ever been at the other end of a gun ?
TALMAN : ( As Emmett Myers ) No . And I never will be .
SIMON : Is Ida Lupino - I 'll put it this way - ready for their close-up ? Are they ready to be rediscovered , do you think ?
HORWITZ : I think so . I think it 's an extraordinary body of work . She 's in , like , 60 films . She 's in countless television shows .
SIMON : Any guess as to why Ida Lupino is n't better known today ?
HORWITZ : You know , I 've got a guess . There are some feminist critics who say , well , they really are n't that much of a pioneer because so many of their characters - not only the ones that they portray but the ones in their movies - are in traditional female roles . There are other feminist critics who say , hey , wait a minute . Look a little deeper . And you 'll see that they took on some very controversial subjects . They took on rape . They took on unwanted pregnancy . There was always an edge to what they did . I would argue , as an actor , as well - Lee Grant , who was a terrific actor , said , what 's fascinating is their intensity . There 's a depth to them that a lot of actores just do n't have . And there 's also an edge . They liked to shake things up .
SIMON : Murray Horwitz . ( Speaking French ) .
HORWITZ : ( Laughter ) .
SIMON : They also host The Big Broadcast on WAMU , which is also available online if you 're desperate for companionship .
HORWITZ : ( Laughter ) If you 're having trouble sleeping is what I tell people .
SIMON : ( Laughter ) Murray , thanks so much for being with us .
HORWITZ : Thank you , Scott . It 's always a pleasure .
( SOUNDBITE OF PAUL BLEY TRIO 'S `` IDA LUPINO '' ) Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
DETROIT — Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overheat and possibly cause a fire .
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4 , the 2013 to 2017 A5 , the 2012 to 2015 A6 , and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017 . All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines .
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris , or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short . An Audi spokesperson in the U.S. said there have been reports of fires but they had no details .
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners . The spokesperson said Tuesday that redesigned parts wo n't be ready until November , but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available .
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update . But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued .
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11 .
The Bloomington City Council is acting to build new sewer lines in a part of the city lacking full service . Mayor Tari Renner said the city sewer system is in bad shape .
Speaking during GLT 's Sound Ideas Renner hailed council action to build new lines replacing private sewer lines dating back more than 140 years in the historic Dimmitt 's Grove neighborhood . The private lines make long runs to hook into the city 's service .
Renner said the roads in that area are also dilapidated which helped make those sewers a top priority ...
`` We 've got to fix the sewers underneath Grove and other streets and any other utilities that are underneath before we pave over them because we do n't want to pave a street and then have to tear it up in five years or three years , '' said Renner .
Gridley and Olive streets would also be affected by the sewer work . Grove would be repaved in 2018 and sidewalks repaired in 2019 .
`` The condition of Grove Street is one of the factors that led the staff to recommend that this be at the top of the list , '' said Renner .
Bloomington 's Mayor is pleased the city is prioritizing the Grove , Olive , Gridley Street areas for sewer repair . Speaking on GLT 's Sound Ideas , Mayor Tari Renner said that 's because the roads ca n't be fixed till the sewer work is done ...
Renner also said the sewer system needs about 141-million-dollars of work . As far as they can tell , until their term , the city never had a master plan for infrastructure repair .
Market analyst Lynette Zang says even with the new tax cuts passed in Congress , the market looks like `` it 's running out of steam . '' Zang explains , `` I have been noticing in the past month some pattern shifts that would indicate to me the market is struggling and breaking down . So , these tax cuts make earnings per share look a lot better and also brings back a lot of funds . . . . The CEOs are saying that money will go into share buybacks , and they need to because that is shifting . . . . Corporate buy backs are actually breaking down . `` Zang says ever since the 2008 meltdown , the elite have just been buying time to set up a debt reset . Zang charges , `` I am 100 % certain we are in the middle of a money standard shift . Ultimately , they need the markets to implode . . . . In 2008 , the debt based system broke . It died , it was done . The central banks , globally , put it on life support , and they have to create a new system .. I am 100 % certain that this Bitcoin craze , and all of this , is about getting people used to digital currencies . So , when they shift us from the debt based system to the digital system , we are more comfortable with it and more familiar with it . `` Zang says do n't expect the central banks to simply give up power . Zang contends , `` They are not going to give up their power just like that . We 've had a great run , and now it 's your turn . Hey , population , yes , we 've taken 96 % of your wealth , but here we 're going to let you have this piece . It does n't work like that . The system does n't work like that . `` Zang says one must-have asset to protect you from what is coming is physical gold ( and silver ) . Zang says , `` Keep in mind , for 6,000 years , gold has been money . It is the primary currency metal because it is indestructible , and it has full intrinsic value because it has uses right across the entire global economic spectrum . It 's real , and it 's the only thing that is outside of the system and fully invisible . It is also the foundation of the monetary system . . . . After you have a major implosion , all confidence is lost . What if we have a grid implosion ? You wo n't have access to your Bitcoin . You are going to need barterable silver , and you are going to need physical gold .. The true value of gold , if they did the reset today , is north of $ 9,500 per ounce . That is a very conservative number . Before the reset happens , the higher the debt amount and the higher the derivatives amount , the higher that gold price goes . `` When will this happen ? Zang says , `` Enjoy your Christmas , '' but in 2018 , all bets are off . Zang explains , `` In 2018 , I do n't think they can hold these things together . I think we will see a major market correction in 2018.We have to feel a lot of pain . . . . I think we are going to go into hyperinflation , and I think we will start to see that in 2018 because I think we will see these markets implode . I think we will see QE4 ( money printing ) for sure . . . . We have QE right now propping it up , according to the Fed 's own documents . `` Join Greg Hunter as they go One-on-One with Lynette Zang , Chief Market Analyst at ITMTrading.com .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Arne Riise has had their say on Liverpool 's tantalising Champions League clash with Roma - and has revealed who they believe has the edge .
The former left-back won the European competition with the Reds back in 2005 , after they pulled off the unthinkable to overturn three AC Milan goals from the first half to win the final on penatlies .
After seven years with the Anfield club Riise moved to Roma , where they spent three seasons in the Italian capital before returning to the Premier League with Fulham .
On Tuesday Liverpool , who overcame Premier League winners Manchester City in the quarter-finals , take on Roma in the semi-finals of this season 's competition .
( Image : Stadium Astro / Youtube )
When asked to give their prediction for the tie , Riise told Gazzetta dello Sport : `` Roma are slight favourites because they will play the return game at the Olimpico . I will be there to watch it and it will be a show .
`` But winning at Anfield is an impossible deed , European nights there are special . Liverpool are Champions League animals . ''
They added : `` Roma found a great coach , you do n't get to the Champions League semi-finals by chance . But [ Di Francesco ] will need an antidote to Liverpool 's attacking trio .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
`` I do n't think Pep Guardiola did anything wrong - I just think some nights it 's impossible to stop [ Mohamed ] Salah , [ Sadio ] Mane and [ Roberto ] Firmino '' .
Manchester United legend Gary Neville has also provided their expert analysis ahead of the tie , and has a similar opinion to Riise .
( Image : PA )
They told Sky Sports : `` I 'm going for Liverpool to win their first leg 2-1 in my Super 6 predictions .
`` But I 'll add that I also think they 'll get knocked out over the two legs , with Roma a very different proposition and capable of frustrating Jurgen Klopp 's attack . ''
The Cowboys used their 2015 first-round pick on UConn DB Byron Jones . Charles Rex Arbogast AP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jorginho 's agent claims the Italy midfielder would welcome the chance to work with Pep Guardiola at Manchester City .
Joao Santos claims City have made an offer for Jorginho , who is valued at £52million by Napoli .
Santos hailed Guardiola as one of Europe 's top coaches and says Jorginho would jump at the opportunity to play under him .
“ I know an offer to Napoli has arrived from Manchester City , ” said Santos . “ If Napoli find an agreement with City , we will assess everything .
“ Obviously , Manchester City would be very welcome , an opportunity not to be turned down . The coach is one of the best in Europe . ”
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : PA )
City hope to land Jorginho and the £75million-rated Riyad Mahrez in a double swoop in the next few days .
The pair is City 's top two summer targets and Jorginho is trying to focus on their World Cup preparations with the Azzurri while the Blues negotiate their transfer with Napoli .
“ I 'm not thinking about it now , ” said Jorginho when asked about City 's interest . “ I 'm just focused on the next two Italy games . ”
( Image : Leicester City FC )
City are close to agreeing a deal with Leicester City for Mahrez after failing to reach an accord in January .
Mahrez went on strike when the move fell through and it is believed City will pay a club record £75million for the Algeria star to boost Guardiola 's attacking options .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A timeline of key dates leading to the resignation of White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn :
Nov. 17 — President-elect Donald Trump offers former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser .
Dec. 25 — According to incoming Press Secretary Sean Spicer , Flynn sends a text to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak “ wishing them a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year ” and saying they look forward “ to touching base with you and working with you , and I wish you all the best. ” Spicer says the ambassador texted Flynn back , “ wishing them a Merry Christmas as well . ”
Dec. 29 — The United States retaliates against Russian hacking aimed at influencing the U.S. election . President Barack Obama announces sanctions against Russian intelligence services and their top officials , kicking out 35 Russian officials and closing down two Russian-owned compounds in the U.S. Flynn texts the ambassador and the two speak by phone . Spicer later says the call was “ centered on the logistics of setting up a call ” between Trump and President Vladimir Putin .
Advertisement
Dec. 30 — Putin announces they wo n't immediately retaliate against Obama 's sanctions , breaking from a pattern of angry denunciations of U.S. penalties . The Russian leader says they plan to restore U.S. ties “ based on the policies that will be carried out by the administration of President D. Trump. ” Trump later praises Putin 's restraint on Twitter . “ Great move on delay ( by V. Putin ) – I always knew they were very smart ! ” they write .
Jan. 13 — A senior U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the Obama administration is aware of contacts between Flynn and Kislyak , including one on Dec. 29 . Spicer denies the timing of the call , then later acknowledges it . Spicer says Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions . They only discussed logistics , they said , “ that was it , plain and simple . ”
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence repeats that denial in an interview with CBS 's “ Face the Nation. ” Flynn and Kislyak “ did not discuss anything having to do with the United States ' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia ” in their conversations , they say .
Jan. 23 — Spicer says in their first scheduled press conference that he 'd spoken with Flynn the night before and was assured that the sanctions were not a topic that was discussed in Flynn 's calls with Kislyak .
Jan. 26 — The Justice Department informs White House Counsel Don McGahn that the White House denials contradict what intelligence officials knew to be true based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S . The White House says Trump and other senior advisers were “ immediately ” informed of the issue . Trump 's tasks the White House counsel 's office to begin looking into the legal issues involved , Spicer said .
Jan. 28 — Flynn is photographed sitting in the Oval Office as the president speaks with Putin by phone .
Feb. 1 — Flynn continues to serve in full capacity . They make a surprise appearance at a daily White House briefing and delivers a message to Iran . “ As of today , we are officially putting Iran on notice , ” they say .
Feb. 8 — Flynn again denies that he 'd discussed sanctions with Kislyak , according to The Washington Post .
Feb. 9 — Flynn , through their spokesperson , backs away from their comments , according to the Post . A spokesperson for Flynn tells the paper “ that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions , they could n't be certain that the topic never came up. ” Citing U.S. officials , the Post publishes a report stating that Flynn did discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month Trump took office , despite administration officials ' denials . The report also suggests Flynn had misled Pence .
Feb. 10 — Trump is asked about the Post report . “ I have n't seen them . I 'll look into them , ” they say . Flynn meets with Pence and speaks with them by phone .
Feb. 13 — Flynn delivers the president 's daily briefing , sits in on their calls with foreign leaders and joins their meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau . Around 5 p.m. , White House adviser Kellyanne Conway tells reporters that the president has “ full confidence ” in Flynn . Less than an hour later , Spicer tells reporters that the president is “ evaluating the situation. ” Shortly after , the Post breaks the news of the earlier Justice Department warning . Flynn submits their resignation . Keith Kellogg is named acting national security adviser . Flynn is spotted walking down the hallway that leads from the Oval Office to their office just after 10 p.m .
Scan all your shopping without taking it out of t
Trump refuses to say whether they authorised the MO
Theresa May calls for a general election on June
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn has said they `` looks forward '' to fighting a snap general election on June 8 to `` stand up for the people of Britain '' .
The Labour leader welcomed Theresa May 's shock announcement today ahead of tomorrow 's vote on the election in the House of Commons .
An election can only happen if least two-thirds of MPs back it under rules laid down by the Fixed-term Parliaments Act .
Mr Corbyn 's statement indicates Mrs May will easily pass that threshold .
However , asked to confirm if Labour MPs will be formally whipped to back an election in the vote tomorrow , a spokesperson for Mr Corbyn said : `` We do n't comment on the whip '' .
Mr Corbyn 's statement said : `` I welcome the Prime Minister 's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first .
“ Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy , delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS .
“ In the last couple of weeks , Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country .
`` We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain . ''
Asked if he 'd stand down if they lost , Mr Corbyn told Sky News : `` We are campaigning to win this election , that 's the only question now . ''
Asked if they were the next Prime Minister , they replied : `` If we win the election , yes . ''
Asked if he 'd back an election one Labour MP , Mike Gapes , tweeted simply : `` Do turkeys vote for Christmas ? ''
Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith said they were `` sure Theresa May has n't looked at the polls at all '' .
( Photo : Dan Kitwood )
But they would find it difficult to miss recent polls that have put the Conservatives more than 20 points ahead of Labour - the biggest lead since Gordon Brown 's time in office .
One of Mr Corbyn 's sharpest critics has already said they will not stand in the election .
Tom Blenkinsop previously blamed the Labour leader and the `` far-left '' for failing to secure votes and losing seats to the Conservatives .
( Photo : Getty )
Labour was holding an emergency shadow cabinet meeting this lunchtime .
The Lib Dems claimed they had gained 1,000 members in the hour after Mrs May announced their intention to hold a general election .
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said : “ This election is your chance to change the direction of our country . ''
Announcing their decision on the steps of Downing Street today after months of insisting they would n't , Theresa May said : `` The country is coming together but Westminster is not . ''
They said it was Labour 's chance `` to show you are not opposing the government for the sake of it - to show you do not treat politics as a game . ''
KINGSTON , Ont . — Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario .
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston , Ont .
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene .
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo , Ont. , and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby , B.C .
Former Customs Officer Rashan Ebanks -Halstead appeared in Summary Court today ( Feb 14 ) .
They face two charges of abuse of office and two charges of conniving importation of goods into the Cayman Islands without the use of customs . According to Mr. Ebanks-Halstead 's attorney they expect their client to give a statement to customs officials before the case can move forward .
Mr. Ebanks-Halstead is expected to return to court on March 7th .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
With this acquisition , Biyani is looking at playing a significant role in online fashion . Photo : Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai : Kishore Biyani-led Future Lifestyle Fashions Ltd ( FLFL ) on Wednesday said it has reached a conditional agreement to buy 29.9 % stake in online fashion retailer Koovs Plc for ₹140 crore , subject to regulatory and procedural approvals .
With this acquisition , Biyani is looking at playing a significant role in online fashion . “ We hope to become one of the largest online fashion retailers , ” Biyani , chairperson and chief executive officer of Future Group said over the phone .
Biyani had told Mint in May that they were looking to cement its pole position through collaborations and partnerships . The company , they had said , was in talks with some of the world 's biggest retailers , technology companies and strategic investors , including Amazon.com Inc. , the Walmart-Flipkart combine , Alphabet Inc. 's Google , Chinese firms such as Tencent Holdings Ltd and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , and even Japan 's SoftBank Group Corp. , as it looks at pursuing growth . However , Biyani did not give an update on these talks .
The Koovs acquisition will be funded through internal accruals and the money it had raised in May from Singapore-based private equity firm L Catterton Asia . The company had then said that the investment of approximately ₹800 crore made by L Catterton is likely to help it gain “ global fashion and retail expertise ” to further expand its business .
FLFL owns and sells about 30 fashion brands through exclusive brand outlets , department stores and multi-brand outlets , as well as company-operated chains such as Central and Brand Factory . The fashion and apparel retailer collectively operates more than 400 stores spread over 6 million sq ft .
The AIM-listed India-focused online fashion retailer Koovs runs an inventory-led model . It offers its private label apart from international brands and exclusive style collaborations . The merchandise from Koovs will now retail at FLFL 's retail chains like Central and Brand Factory . Moreover , even FLFL 's brands will be sold online on Koovs , Biyani explained .
Biyani , however , did not share details on further investments planned to grow the online retail business . “ It is too early , ” they said .
Currently , Flipkart-owned Jabong-Myntra dominate the online fashion space . However , Flipkart operates under the marketplace model . Walmart Inc. has proposed to acquire the home-grown etailer for $ 16 billion . The acquisition , if successful , will see the world 's largest brick-and-mortar retailer having a larger online presence in India . It will also launch more offline retail stores with private labels playing a larger role in segments such as fashion and electronic accessories .
Future Group is among India 's leading consumer goods companies with brands and retail networks in fashion , food and homeware segments . It owns over 60 brands , operates close to 2,000 retail stores spanning over 22 million square feet and attracts footfalls of over 500 million annually .
Across retail chains like FBB , Central , Brand Factory and various brands that it owns , Future Group sells about 300 million garments per annum in volume making it one of the top 10 fashion apparel companies in the world , the company said .
To be sure , this is not the first time that Biyani is investing in an online retail company . In 2016 , Future Group company Future Retail Ltd had bought Rocket Internet 's online furniture seller FabFurnish.com , their first acquisition of an internet store . However , a year later , the company shut the site and users are now directed to its own website—www.hometown.in -- for its home furnishing retail chain Home Town .
Online retail sales in India are expected to grow by 31 % this year to touch $ 32.70 billion , led by e-commerce players Flipkart , Amazon India and Paytm Mall , according to a report by researcher eMarketer .
To be sure , even as online retail market in India has more than tripled since 2015 , it is only expected to contribute to 2.9 % of the total retail sales in 2018 , said the market research firm .
All the same , e-tail ca n't be ignored . eMarketer estimates that a quarter of India 's population will become digital shoppers by end of 2018 and the figure will touch 41.6 % by 2022 .
2:01 Winter weather forecast for North Texas Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
3:08 Mac Attack says Cowboys wo n't repeat '07 gags
A Texas couple whose 5-year-old daughter died in a crash involving a driver who was allegedly using Apple 's FaceTime video chatting app is suing the tech company.The lawsuit filed this month in Santa Clara Superior Court accuses Apple of not implementing iPhone features that would automatically disable FaceTime based on technology that calculates highway speeds.Apple has n't responded to the lawsuit and did n't immediately respond to an email Saturday seeking comment.Moriah Modisette was killed in a 2014 Christmas Eve accident near Dallas . The lawsuit obtained by California television KTLA claims police found FaceTime running on the iPhone of the driver who struck the Modisette family at 65 mph.The family claims Apple knew the risks of using FaceTime while driving because the company patented `` lock-out '' technology in 2008 .
Blantyre derby to be played outside the commercial capital is on this Saturday betweent age-old rivals Mighty Be Forward Wanderers and thier vociferous neighbours Nyasa Big Bullets at Bingu National Stadium in Lilongwe in a…
The post Game on : Nyasa BB , Be Forward Wanderers in BT derby at Bingu appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi .
Source link
Sheamus has a message for Celtic as they seek Sco
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Wes Morgan back in Leicester training ahead of At
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Everton have placed a £100million price tag on the head of Romelu Lukaku , the Premier League 's top scorer .
Belgian hitman Lukaku has scored 24 goals so far this season , but wants Champions League football .
They have therefore refused to sign a new contract at Goodison Park , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Everton are determined to keep hold of Lukaku and say they will only consider selling them this summer if a club meets their huge valuation of the 23-year-old .
( Photo : Jan Kruger )
Lukaku was the subject of interest from Chelsea last year but the Blues received no bid for a player they valued at around £70million .
But Everton now believe the Belgium 's worth has increased to £100million after a season in which they have plundered 24 league goals to top the scoring charts .
The sky-high valuation will be designed to put off any clubs looking to take advantage of their contract stand-off .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
( Photo : Reuters )
Everton manager Ronald Koeman confirmed this week that Lukaku does not want to sign a new deal , saying : “ He told me they wo n't sign a new contract . ”
But the Blues boss has told the striker they must “ respect ” the final two years of their current deal .
The world 's most expensive footballer is Paul Pogba who cost Manchester United £89million last summer when they signed from Juventus .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A report in to the biggest loss of NHS medical letters has revealed they included 1,811 “ high priority items ” such as screening or urgent test results .
The Government spending watchdog today releases the damning report after it emerged 702,000 pieces of paperwork had gone astray last October .
They include 162,000 medical documents that had been mistakenly sent to the outsourcing firm Capita by GPs .
It was feared the lost letters could include patient records , cancer tests , treatment plans and details of changes to the drugs patients should be taking .
It comes after some NHS back office functions were outsourced to Capita including the transfer of some patient records .
The National Audit Office report said : “ NHS England has not yet been able to stop GPs from sending clinical correspondence to Capita in error .
( Image : Getty )
“ NHS England told us it has continued to receive clinical correspondence from Capita , running at approximately 5,000 to 10,000 items of clinical correspondence a month .
“ NHS England told us that it is planning an information campaign to ensure that GPs understand the guidance for handling correspondence for patients that are not registered at their practice .
“ NHS England has not yet finalised its process with Capita for handling any correspondence that Capita receives in error . ”
Dr Richard Vautrey , GP committee chair at the British Medical Association , said : “ It 's no surprise that with the now longstanding confusion , chaos and failures of these support services for general practice , that a small number of practices may have , in good faith , sent on misdirected correspondence to the Capita service .
“ Particularly as this would have been the normal arrangements before NHS England tried to cut costs by commissioning this service two years ago .
“ What is clear from this investigation is the inability of both NHS England and Capita to get to grips with a problem they have now known about for years .
“ This is a further indictment of Capita 's shambolic running of GP backroom services and the real effect its failings are having on the safe care of patients . ”
NHS England was due to complete a review during January 2018 to confirm there was no more unprocessed correspondence in the archives .
A spokesperson said : “ The key fact is that there is no evidence that any patient has been harmed by this , and by March every piece of correspondence will have been reviewed and refiled by GPs and the relevant NHS archive . ”
A Capita spokesperson said : `` As the NAO report states , Capita has no contractual responsibility for redirecting clinical correspondence .
`` Capita informed NHS England in May 2016 that there was a problem with an unquantified accumulation of clinical notes .
`` In October 2016 , Capita then formally reported the incident to NHS England and has continued to report on the issue . NHS England has not yet finalised its process with Capita for handling any correspondence that Capita receives in error . ”
The Chapmanville Regional High School boys ' basketball team , fresh off last Friday night 's 73-62 win over county rival Logan , stayed at No . 4 in the state in this week 's Class AA poll .
The Tigers ( 16-4 ) were scheduled to have a showdown with No . 3 Mingo Central ( 15-3 ) on Tuesday night .
Fairmont Senior ( 15-3 ) is No . 1 in the state and Bluefield ( 15-2 ) second .
Chapmanville and Mingo Central join three other Cardinal Conference teams in the top 10 as Poca ( 13-5 ) is fifth , Sissonville ( 12-6 ) ninth and Winfield ( 11-7 ) 10th . The Generals were not ranked last week .
Two other conference teams — Nitro and Logan — received votes this week , putting seven of the Cardinal Conference 's 10 teams in the rankings .
Only Scott , Herbert Hoover and Wayne received no votes .
Capital ( 15-3 ) was again No . 1 this week in Class AAA . Wheeling Central ( 18-2 ) again grabbed the top spot in Single-A .
Tug Valley ( 11-8 ) was seventh in the Single-A poll this week .
——-
Boys ' Basketball Poll
CHARLESTON , W.Va. ( AP ) – The Associated Press high school boys basketball poll with first-place votes in parentheses and total points :
Team Record Pts Prv
Class AAA
1 . Capital ( 9 ) 15-3 99 1
2 . University ( 1 ) 17-2 77 2
3 . George Washington 15-4 71 6
4 . Morgantown 15-4 54 3
5 . Woodrow Wilson 13-5 50 8
6 . Huntington 13-5 49 7
7 . South Charleston 14-5 38 10
8 . Parkersburg 13-5 37 4
9 . Martinsburg 12-7 35 9
10 . Musselman 14-3 34 5
Others receiving votes : Hedgesville 6 .
—-
Class AA
1 . Fairmont Senior ( 5 ) 15-3 94 2
2 . Bluefield ( 4 ) 15-2 92 1
3 . Mingo Central ( 1 ) 15-3 80 3
4 . Chapmanville 16-4 71 4
5 . Poca 13-5 61 5
6 . Philip Barbour 14-3 50 6
7 . North Marion 14-5 34 T8
8 . East Fairmont 14-5 25 T8
9 . Sissonville 12-6 15 7
10 . Winfield 11-7 6 NR
Others receiving votes : James Monroe 5 , Nitro 4 , Logan 3 , Wyoming East 3 , River View 3 , Robert C. Byrd 3 , Westside 1 .
—-
Class A
1 . Wheeling Central ( 8 ) 18-2 98 1
2 . Fayetteville ( 2 ) 18-0 89 3
3 . Ravenswood 17-2 75 2
4 . Notre Dame 13-5 68 T4
5 . Gilmer County 16-2 58 T6
6 . St. Marys 16-4 51 T4
7 . Tug Valley 11-8 28 8
8 . Pendleton County 13-3 26 T6
9 . Madonna 13-7 13 NR
( tie ) Bishop Donahue 11-8 13 9
Others receiving votes : Charleston Catholic 8 , Tucker County 7 , Parkersburg Catholic 6 , Saint Joseph Central 5 , Doddridge County 4 , Pocahontas County 1 .
http : //loganbanner.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_Chapmanville-Tigers-alternate-logo-CMYK.jpg
By Paul Adkins [ email protected ]
( Paul Adkins is the Sports Editor of the Logan Banner . They can be reached by email at [ email protected ] or on Twitter @ PAdkinsBanner ) .
( Paul Adkins is the Sports Editor of the Logan Banner . They can be reached by email at [ email protected ] or on Twitter @ PAdkinsBanner ) .
FLOOD TO FIRE : Former CFA chief , Euan Ferguson has been appointed to coordinate the recovery of the Tathra communities ravaged by bushfires .
FLOOD TO FIRE : Former CFA chief , Euan Ferguson has been appointed to coordinate the recovery of the Tathra communities ravaged by bushfires . Scott Davis
THE man who coordinated Lismore 's post flood recovery last year has been appointed to manage the support of the Tathra communities hit by devastating bushfires this week .
Yesterday the NSW government announced it will appoint former chief of the Victorian Country Fire Authority , Euan Ferguson , to co-ordinate support to communities hit by the fires .
It will be a return to what they know best , as they lead the CFA through some turbulent times after the 2009 Victorian bushfires and subsequent Royal Commission .
Mr Ferguson , who managed the Northern Rivers flood recovery last year , is about to tour the small south-east beach town where the firestorm razed through the area .
It is estimated 69 houses and 30 caravans or cabins were destroyed , while some 39 houses were damaged and nearly 400 homes were either saved or not affected .
Residents who fled the fire will be driven around the town to view the damage in a bus , but they will not be allowed to disembark for fear of asbestos .
Earlier today Mr Ferguson spoke to media about how the area needed to be safe before the community could return .
`` It 's well known that asbestos dust , which arises after asbestos is burned , is very mobile and can get into the atmosphere , ” they said .
`` It can get into the lungs and cause fatal diseases , the asbestos concern is a very real concern . It 's one of a number of issues the recovery agencies will be looking at over the next few days , weeks and months . ”
Rural Fire Service Deputy Commissioner Rob Rogers has confirmed the offer of vehicles from Fire and Rescue - which services the state 's urban areas - were `` not suitable ” for fighting the bushfire , which was more than 1000 hectares in size .
The Rural Fire service said the blaze was the result of a `` perfect storm ” - very hot conditions , strong winds , low humidity and extremely dry bush .
It is understood a few people have been treated for smoke inhalation and breathing problems , while two firefighters suffered heat exhaustion and one woman was treated for minor burns .
So far the fire has burned through more than 1200 hectares and is not yet under control .
On Monday night the RFS downgraded its alert level to 'advice ' and crews remain on ground to patrol and contain any burning .
Family .
Something the Simms Tigers strive to become as they begin to rebuild their program with the more than half of the team consisting of underclassmen .
`` It 's gon na be pretty rough these first few weeks , but hopefully we get into it and figure out our technique and get everything settled down before our first game against Great Falls Central , '' said senior offensive/defensive lineman Jamison McLain .
Only returning 5 seniors does n't worry the Tigers - in fact , they 're using that leadership position to get everyone on the same page before the first snap of the season .
`` We got a lot of young kids sitting out here , '' said senior quarterback Korbin Sheldon . `` It 's pretty good because they have a lot of raw talent , they have a lot of talent with them so it makes life easier on us . ''
`` The kids just got ta realize that you actually have to commit to be good , '' McLain added . `` You ca n't just show up . ''
`` [ We have to ] make sure that they know what they 're doing and where they should be going , '' explained senior running back/wide receiver Matt Lewis . `` Just push each other . ''
And once Simms can get their team together as one , they 're confident in their ability to go far .
`` If they continue to work hard and if they continue to believe and trust us coaches , I think everything 's gon na be just fine , '' said head coach Eric Durk .
To help the bonding process - the coaching staff ends long , grueling two-a-day practices with light-hearted competitions like sprinting with pads after spinning in circles all while trying not to crush a banana . Not something you would typically see in practice - but for Simms , they 're willing to look a little silly to become a Tiger family .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have launched a murder probe after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in a street in Liverpool last night .
The teenager was found injured in the Belle Vale area after emergency crews were called to the scene at around 9pm .
They were taken to hospital for treatment , but was tragically pronounced dead at around midnight , the Liverpool Echo reports .
Detectives have now launched a murder probe into the incident .
In a statement in the early hours of today , Merseyside Police said a cordon remained in place and forensic enquiries were under way .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
The force added that officers `` will remain in the area to provide reassurance to the community and to gather information '' .
Police are appealing for anyone who may have helped the boy before paramedics arrived at Belle Vale Road to come forward .
Detective Chief Inspector Bev Hyland said : `` We are in the very early stages of our investigation into this tragic incident in which a young life has been taken . We are working to try and establish exactly what happened last night .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
`` I want to appeal to anyone who saw the incident itself , or anything suspicious in the vicinity of Belle Vale Road , and the park opposite Woodholme Court , to come forward .
`` We also want to appeal to anybody who stopped to assist and may not have yet spoken to police , and anyone passing through Belle Vale Road who may have dash-cam footage . ''
The teenager 's next of kin have been informed .
Jamie Vardy serves the final game of their three-match ban and will sit out Leicester 's trip to Middlesbrough .
Christian Fuchs could return for Ben Chilwell at left-back with Foxes manager Claudio Ranieri expected to shuffle their squad after Saturday 's 1-0 win over West Ham .
Riyad Mahrez and Islam Slimani will play their final game before leaving for the African Nations Cup with Algeria while Daniel Amartey and Jeff Schlupp are due to link up with Ghana next week .
Photos : Baha Mar resort in the Bahamas is finally complete The Grand Hyatt Baha Mar has the largest casino in the Caribbean . 01 / 11 The Grand Hyatt Baha Mar has the largest casino in the Caribbean . 01 / 11
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
Baha Mar , the newest casino and resort complex in the Caribbean region , is finally complete .
The final of the three hotels planned for the development in Nassau in the Bahamas will welcome its first guests on June 1 .
Rosewood Baha Mar had its ribbon cutting last week .
Baha Mar now has three hotel brands on-site : Grand Hyatt , SLS and Rosewood Baha Mar .
The complex now offers 2,300 rooms , suites and villas .
The completion of Baha Mar has been years in the making . Its previous owners declared bankruptcy and the project was stalled . It is about five miles from the famed Atlantis on Paradise Island , also in the Bahamas .
The complex has more than 40 restaurants , bars and lounges . There is beachfront property , spas , art and culture , a state-of-the-art Performing Arts and Convention Center , the Burwash International Baha Mar Racquet Club and the 18-hole Jack Nicklaus-designed Signature Royal Blue golf course .
“ This spring marks a momentous occasion as the resort destination of Baha Mar marks its full completion , ” says Graeme Davis , president of Baha Mar .
The $ 4.2 billion project is now operated by Hong Kong-based conglomerate Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited .
Best places to gamble in the Caribbean , 2018 edition Whether you rely on skill or Lady Luck , there 's plenty of opportunity in Nassau and Paradise Island . 01 / 38 Whether you rely on skill or Lady Luck , there 's plenty of opportunity in Nassau and Paradise Island . 01 / 38
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Oculus Go and Samsung Gear VR just got the ultimate summer addition in the form of Oculus Venues , a way to watch live events with your closest virtual friends .
Everything from concerts and comedy shows to film screenings and sporting events are watchable via the Oculus Venues app . You can take in the events as they happen live without ever leaving your house .
With Oculus Venues , you have the option to watch something solo , or you can meet up with people you know ( who also happen to own an Oculus Go or Gear VR ) .
Or , you can turn on the social sharing setting to join up with people you do n't know but who share common interests and mutual Facebook friends with you .
Upcoming Oculus Venue events
The Oculus Venues fun kicks off tonight starting at 7:30pm PT with a Vance Joy concert live from Red Rocks Amphitheater in Colorado .
Other upcoming events include Gotham Comedy Live shows , MLB baseball games , a Chromeo concert , International Champions Cup matches and showings of films like Reservoir Dogs and Apocalypse Now .
Oculus will highlight Venues in your Explore feed so you can keep tabs on what 's coming up . You can also view the full schedule of Venues happenings by jumping into the app .
Oculus notes that it will have community moderators on-hand in Venues , and there are built-in tools to mute , block and report someone if they are behaving in a way that makes you feel uncomfortable or unsafe .
Oculus Venues is available for Oculus Go and Samsung Gear VR today .
A FAMILY in the US has been reunited with its dog 10 years after they went missing .
Debra Suierveld and their family assumed their dog Abby had died after they ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo , Pennsylvania .
But decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog .
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring 's front porch in Lower Burrell , 16km west of Apollo .
Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley , which discovered the dog 's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld .
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years . Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her , Suierveld said .
“ She would lie on the floor and cross their paws , and they remember my daughter 's commands , and they remember the commands I taught her , ” Suierveld told KDKA-TV .
Camera Icon Labrador mix Abby has returned to the Suierveld family in Apollo , Pennsylvania after 10 years . Picture : Supplied , ABC
Suierveld called their 22-year-old daughter , who is a student at Miami University , in Oxford , Ohio , to share the news .
“ She cried , ” Suierveld told the Tribune-Review .
“ I did n't even know what to say , ” Suierveld said .
“ I was like , ‘ Oh my goodness . ' They kind of came back from the dead .
“ We mourned you Abby . ”
Suierveld 's family has planned a reunion dinner on Sunday to welcome Abby back .
Debra joked the family believed Abby was hiding out in the witness protection program .
Camera Icon Jody Berisko from the Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley with Abby . Picture : Supplied , ABC
They said if Abby could talk they would have quite a story to tell .
Abby was last seen by the family playing in the backyard near the woods in the Suierveld backyard with their children . They were later spotted about 14km from the house but then nothing , until now .
“ We thought they had passed away , ”
“ It feels like a part of my kids ' childhood is back , part of our family is back , ” Suierveld said . “ It 's pretty awesome . ”
It is not known where Abby has been all this time .
Photo : Hindustan Times
“ The places to invest in and around Mumbai are the well-connected growth corridors—areas which are still developing . Not all of them are necessarily cheap , but they are not saturated and will attract more buyers in the long run , ” says Anuj Puri , chairperson , Anarock Property Consultants . Here are some of these emerging locations , according to him .
Ghodbunder Road , Thane
■ Accessibility to central suburbs via Eastern Express Highway
■ Lots of land available , significant future development potential ( pictures left )
■ Good social infrastructure , including educational institutes , hospitals , malls , etc .
Kanjurmarg
■ Many industrial land parcels being converted for residential use
■ Proposed metro rail will improve connectivity
Speculators have evaporated from Mumbai 's real estate landscape . That is a good thing , because they were one of the leading reasons why prices shot through the sky here- Anuj Puri
Panvel
■ Close to JNPT ( Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust ) and the proposed international airport
■ A lot of land available for development , so prices will remain rational
■ Many industries nearby , convenient for people who work in these industries
■ Good climate
Photo : Hindustan Times
Ambernath
■ One of the more affordable housing destinations
■ Generous availability of land , ensuring future growth and rational property prices
■ Suitable for people employed in the industrial developments of Ambernath-Badlapur
Lailani from Chicago wrote : `` My sister recently confided to a family friend of their husband 's infidelity . Once my sister left the room , our friend spilled everything to me . Should I tell ( my sister ) or just let it be ? `` Ryan , Val , Ji and Roe Conn are weighed in.Do you have your own `` Pillow Talk '' question ? Got a problem we can solve ? Need relationship advice ? Just click THIS LINK and send it to us . You could win yourself a Coconut Bliss Pillow from our friends at Mattress Firm
It 's a mixed legacy of a policy that permits gross collateral damage in the scrum of training and combat experience . Photo : AFP
Here 's something about double-edged swords . Less than a week after they took office as the director general of police of Nagaland on 27 June , T. John Longkumer visited the headquarters of the state 's 9th India Reserve Battalion . On 3 July , as colleagues watched , they praised the “ Daring Ninth ” and paid homage to its martyrs .
It 's a mixed legacy of a policy that permits gross collateral damage in the scrum of training and combat experience . And it happened on Longkumer 's watch as the deputy inspector general of police in Bastar Range of southern Chhattisgarh . Indeed , Nagaland Post quoted the present commandant of the battalion James Kinghen as saying how Longkumer was the “ guiding force and inspiration ” during the battalion 's deployment between 2005-2007 in Bastar and other districts such as Dantewada , to combat Maoist rebels . Several Naga troopers lost their lives to battle with Maoists , through ambush and landmine attacks .
Longkumer , a much-decorated officer of the Indian Police Service 's Chhattisgarh cadre , was n't the only guiding force or inspiration for the security policy in play at the time , or the only patron of collateral damage to non-combatants . Chhattisgarh 's long-time chief minister , Raman Singh of the Bharatiya Janata Party was chief minister at the time when Naga troopers joined hands with the police , other paramilitaries and vigilantes of Salwa Judum—a state-sponsored horror created to contain Maoist influence .
I was in the area at the time , researching my book Red Sun . To inspire terror , Chhattisgarh 's administration spread rumours about the Nagas , among others , that they “ are not above cutting off heads and eating human flesh ” , a leading human rights activist told me . “ They say , ‘ listen to us , or we 'll send the Nagas , ' ” another claimed .
Here are some examples of cold fact , not scary fiction . On 25 October 2005 , near the small town of Bhairamgarh , the Nagas and Salwa Judum toughs ran through a tribal village called Mukavelli . They burnt down huts , demolished others , and shot dead two women , wives of suspected Maoist sympathizers . One of the ladies was pregnant . A stray bullet grazed a child 's head—he lived . A few days earlier , near Usoor , further west , they smashed through Pangodi village , burning it down , though not any people—as had happened in some instances—as inhabitants escaped into the surrounding jungle .
In Mankeli near Bijapur , Nagas and Salwa Judum smashed and burnt huts , and came by a suspected Maoist sympathizer and their pre-teen son , who were farming at the time . They first beat the man , then axed and knifed him , gouged out their eyes , cut open their chest , cut off their limbs and , for good measure , smashed their head . Their wife and two younger children were made to stand and watch . The older boy disappeared . This happened on 2 October 2005 .
Nagas were part of the groups enforcing Salwa Judum meetings , mostly to coerce residents to leaving their villages , to be herded into what were effectively concentration camps—in an eerie replay of what Indian Army did in Naga homelands for several years . Those that refused were attacked , beaten , raped and , sometimes , killed . Nagas routinely slaughtered forcibly confiscated cattle—and once actually within sight of a civil right fact-finding mission .
“ The Naga forces have done a damn good job here , ” Prabir Das , superintendent of police of Dantewada at the time , told me . “ They talk about how Naga forces are doing nothing but headhunting . There 's not a single case…there may have been an excess here and there , but when you 're talking about operations in an area of 30,000 square km , you ca n't avoid a few cases . ”
That chilling understatement apart , there must be reasons why citizens of Nagaland asked for Naga troopers to be recalled from Chhattisgarh . And , in later years , why civil society groups in Nagaland petitioned their government to ensure such deployment did n't recur . Perhaps they had heard , as I did , the drunken boasts and traumatized confessions of some troopers of their time in Chhattisgarh .
Root Cause focuses on conflict situations and the convergence of businesses and human rights and runs on Thursdays .
Physicists in Italy are about to start up a new experiment designed to hunt for hypothetical particles such as the “ dark photon ” and carriers of a possible fifth force of nature . `` Dark Photons would provide a 'portal between the visible and hidden sectors ' and might also help solve other problems , such as the muon 's anomalous magnetic moment , '' says Mauro Raggi of the University of Rome “ La Sapienza ” .
The Positron Annihilation into Dark Matter Experiment ( PADME ) , located at the National Institute of Nuclear Physics ( INFN ) laboratories in Frascati outside Rome , will blast a thin diamond target with energetic positrons and record the mass of any exotic new particles produced in the collisions continues a report in today 's Physics World .
The group at Frascati will mainly target the dark photon , which is a heavy version of the ordinary photon . Predicted by various extensions of the Standard Model , it would interact with both dark matter and ordinary matter . Dark photons are not themselves usually considered to be dark matter , since they would carry relatively little mass and would tend to have decayed earlier in the history of the universe .
Dark photons are also being pursued at experiments in other laboratories , such as CERN in Geneva and the Jefferson Lab in Virginia , US . But according to Raggi , PADME will have the edge in being able to search for the “ missing mass ” of dark photons – allowing the particles to be detected even when they leave no visible decay products .
The experiment will involve recording collisions that happen when positrons from the Frascati lab 's linear accelerator collide with the electrons in a 100 μm-thick film of diamond . The resulting annihilations would normally yield two ordinary photons but , if the dark photon exists , just a single visible photon would be created . The mass of the missing particle could then be calculated by subtracting the measured 4D space–time-momentum of the single visible photon in each case from that of the incoming positron , plotting a spectrum of this missing mass and then reading off the mass value of the spectral peak .
Continue reading ...
Image credit : Astronomers have found clear indications that clumps of dark matter are the nursing grounds for new born galaxies about twelve billion light years away . A single nest of dark matter can nurture several young galaxies . A scientifically accurate artistic image of galaxies twelve billion light years away is at the top of the page . The blue nebulosity is dark matter . Denser regions are white . The blue-white regions correspond to the dark matter clumps or dark matter halos where young galaxies are forming . ( Image created by Naomi Ishikawa and Takaaki Takeda , National Astronomical Observatory of Japan )
Most Viewed Space & Science News
Homo Naledi , Newly Discovered Species -- '' Maybe We 've Had the Story of Human Evolution Wrong the Whole Time ''
Stephen Hawking 's Great Question -- '' Why Is n't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life ? ''
`` Alien Minds '' -- 'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There , and It 's Billions of Years Old ' ( VIDEO )
`` Point of No Return '' -- MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth 's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
`` 300-Million Nuclear Bombs '' -- New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking : Wake Up , Science Deniers ! -- '' Earth is Morphing into Venus '' ( WATCH Today 's 'Galaxy ' Stream )
`` Evolutionary Leap ? '' AI is Mimicing the Human Brain -- '' But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power -- '' Could Rip Space Asunder , Breaking the Vacuum ''
`` Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct . They Did n't ''
File photo . Apart from unveiling a string of development projects in Gujarat , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been regularly visiting their home state in the last one year . Photo : PTI
Ahmedabad : After hitting out at rival Congress on a host of issues ranging from “ their alleged Pakistan links ” to personal comments made against Prime Minister Narendra Modi by some Congress leaders , the focus seems to be back on development on Tuesday as Modi took the country 's first-ever seaplane flight from Sabarmati river in the city to Dharoi dam in Mehsana district .
Campaigning for the second phase of polls to be held on 14 December ends on Tuesday at 5pm .
“ Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a seaplane will land on the Sabarmati river . I will go to Ambaji in the seaplane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back , ” Modi announced at a public rally at Sabarmati Riverfront on Monday evening .
“ Hun Chhu Vikaas , Hun Chhu Gujarat ” ( I am development , I am Gujarat ) , is BJP 's election slogan for Gujarat elections where it is aiming to win for the fifth time in a row .
Congress president-elect Rahul Gandhi , who has been criticizing the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) by finding loopholes in the development model of Gujarat , has alleged that the PM is diverting from the issue of development . Gandhi has also been raising questions on the development model of Gujarat through daily tweets since the last two weeks .
Apart from unveiling a string of development projects in Gujarat , the prime minister has been regularly visiting their home state in the last one year .
The Sabarmati Riverfront from where Modi 's plane took off on Tuesday was one of their pet projects as Gujarat 's chief minister between 2001 and 2014 . The city beautification project with gardens and public spaces has seen Narmada waters flowing from one end of Ahmedabad to another in what was otherwise a dry landscape .
The seaplane is also seen as an answer to Rahul Gandhi 's criticism on development .
“ The Congress people would never have imagined such development . It is not possible to make airports everywhere . We are working to develop waterways . We are going to start 106 waterways , ” Modi said on Monday .
Ahmedabad police had on Monday cancelled roadshows of Modi and Gandhi in the city , slated for Tuesday , citing security reasons .
Polling for the second phase is on 14 December for 93 ( out of 182 ) assembly constituencies .
The second phase will see elections being held in the North Gujarat region which is crucial for both the BJP and the Congress as it has been the epicentre of the Patidar agitation for quota reservation demands .
Traditionally , North Gujarat region , with its 53 seats , including 21 from Ahmedabad district , has been a stronghold of the BJP . In 2012 , BJP won 32 seats , with Congress bagging 21 .
North Gujarat also happens to be home to the biggest leaders from the ruling BJP , including Modi , BJP national president Amit Shah , former chief minister Anandiben Patel and deputy chief minister Nitin Patel . It is also home to two big leaders of recent agitations—Hardik Patel of Patidar stir and OBC leader Alpesh Thakor . Dalit leader Jignesh Mevani is also contesting in the second phase from Vadgam constituency as an Independent candidate . They are being supported by the Congress which has decided not to field any candidate from the constituency .
Of the 93 constituencies going to polls on Thursday , 52 were won by BJP , while Congress won 39 in 2012 .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic struck in the second-half to earn Manchester United a hard-fought sixth league win on the spin at ten-man West Ham .
The Hammers suffered a huge early setback when Sofiane Feghouli was shown a straight red for lunging in on Phil Jones .
United struggled to make their numerical advantage count and had to wait until the 63 minute for the opener .
Minutes after a vital stop from David de Gea , two subs combined for the goal as Marcus Rashford cut the ball back for Mata to sweep United into the lead .
Ibrahimovic fired in their 18 goal of the season with 12 minutes left and the goal stood despite the Swede standing in an offside position .
1 . Red card ruins game
For the second game running Mike Dean was in the spotlight after handing out another contentious red card .
Dean , who controversially sent off Southampton 's Nathan Redmond last week , dismissed Sofiane Feghouli for lunging in on Phil Jones , just 15 minutes in .
At first look – what the referee gets – it looked a bad challenge but this was no knee-jerk decision .
( Photo : West Ham United via Getty )
Dean did n't rush to show a red , instead taking their time to think about it and possibly consult with their fellow officials , before going to their pocket so they must have been convinced .
They seemed to be one of few inside the London Stadium who was .
The decision effectively ruined the game as a spectacle and West Ham fans were in no doubt were certain Dean was to blame , chanting “ Mike Dean , it 's all about you . ”
Having given that one , the decision not to then dismiss Cheikhou Kouyate for a two-footed , over the top lunge on Henrikh Mkhitaryan was surprising .
But to rub salt in West Ham 's wounds Zlatan Ibrahimovic was offside when they blasted in United 's late second .
2 . De Gea celebrates 250 Manchester United appearance in style
( Photo : PA )
At times , in their early Manchester United days , you wondered if they might get to 25 , let alone 250 , such was the rough ride they had .
But the Spaniard has developed into one of the world 's best stoppers .
And even against ten man West Ham they provided further reminders of just how important they have become to United .
With their teammates toiling to break down ten man West Ham , they needed De Gea to keep them in the game .
They pulled off an early save to deny Manuel Lanzini before flying full-length to their right to tip away another effort from the Argentinian .
But their one-on-one save from Michail Antonio was arguably the most crucial . De Gea won the battle of wits when Antonio bore down on their goal and blocked the West Ham man 's effort with their shins .
Two minutes later Juan Mata put United ahead .
3 . West Ham team selection
( Photo : REUTERS )
Slaven Bilic 's starting team could easily be read as a timely message to the West Ham board .
Because if they were in any doubt about the need to dig deep for a striker this month they wo n't be now .
Bilic started without a natural frontman , perhaps underlining their shortage of options in that department .
Andy Carroll was benched , perhaps understandably after playing 90 minutes at Leicester on Saturday .
But they were joined on the bench by Andre Ayew , who could have played , and Ashley Fletcher , two who could have started if Bilic felt they were up to the task .
4 . Miss of the season
( Photo : Reuters )
There were n't too many chances to get excited about in the first half but one Manchester United created led to a miss of the season contender .
How they failed to score in the 36 minute was a mystery , especially when they had two bites at the cherry .
Antonio Valencia had the first but they could only fire Henrikh Mkhitaryan 's cross straight at Darren Randolph from a few yards out despite having the whole goal to aim at .
But Jesse Lingard 's miss was even worse than they somehow contrived to scuff the ball against the post despite also having an open goal , plus Randolph out of the equation and on the floor .
5 . Rashford the game changer
Marcus Rashford provided a reminder of how useful an option they are by playing a huge part in United winning this game .
Before they came on their play was way too pedestrian .
West Ham only had ten men from the 15 minute onwards but Jose Mourinho 's men were playing at way too slowly to capitalise .
Their testimonial pace allowed West Ham to get back into their defensive shape and the visitors were hardly tiring out their hosts .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
But United finally had a bit of pace injected into their game once Rashford came on in the 58 minute .
Five minutes later they burst down the left and cut the ball back to set up Mata 's opener which set United on the way to victory .
GALLIPOLIS — Maggie Bostic of Gallipolis , and Kevin Malone of Gallipolis , announce their engagement and upcoming wedding .
The Bride-Elect is the daughter of Brett and Tiffini Bostic of Gallipolis and the granddaughter of Late Kenny and Sue Ann Bostic and Jack Swain and Roger and Darlene Garlic all of Gallipolis . The Groom-Elect is the son of Dawn Smith of Waverly and the grandson of Coleman Cass of Lancaster , Calif. , and Norma Cass of Waverly .
Bostic graduated from Gallia Academy High School in 2013 and graduated from the University of the Rio Grande in 2018 with a Bachelor 's Degree in Middle School Education in Math and Science .
Malone graduated from Waverly High School in 2011 and graduated from the University of the Rio Grande in 2014 with a Bachelor 's Degree in Adolescents to Young Adult Mathematics . They currently are employed with Gallipolis City Schools .
Their upcoming wedding will be held on June 2 , 2018 at First Baptist Church in Gallipolis .
Maggie Bostic and Kevin Malone https : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_0530181752-1.jpg Maggie Bostic and Kevin Malone Courtesy photo
A key component of any X-Men tale is the theme of discrimination and society 's fear of anything different . Fox 's The Gifted has moved this theme to the forefront , setting the show in a world where the X-Men have disappeared , but the Sentinel program to register ( and oftentimes hunt down ) mutants is still alive and well .
This anti-mutant agenda is n't anything new in the X-Men world , but it also has n't been quite as timely as it is now with the current political climate in the United States .
`` It 's very contemporary and very relevant to what we 're experiencing in our society today , '' Jamie Chung told TV Guide at the Television Critics Association summer press tour .
The X-Men Are Gone in The Gifted and We Need to Deal With That
Emma Dumont pointed out the similarities between how humans treat all mutants as the enemy in The Gifted and the way some Americans treat all Muslims .
`` It 's legal to be a mutant , but obviously it 's frowned upon to be a mutant , '' Dumont says . `` The same way it 's legal to be Muslim , but yet there 's still prejudice and there 's still hate crimes and there 's still violence . ''
The first episode of the series makes this discrimination very clear , from tense chase scenes to high school bullies . It might feel like more of the same for X-Men fans , but we challenge you to say that after you 've spent an hour in this incredibly detailed world .
The Gifted premieres Monday , Oct. 2 at 9/8c on Fox .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mum who shared a harrowing broadcast from inside the Grenfell Tower blaze on Facebook Live is still missing along with their two young daughters .
Rania Ibrham , 30 , livestreamed their battle to escape the inferno in bid for help as they and their children were stuck at the top of the tower .
The mum-of-two has not been seen or heard from since they shared the video from their flat on the 23rd floor at about 1.40am on Wednesday - minutes after the fire broke out .
Friend Rahmana Rashid posted a picture of the young mother and two young girls on Facebook .
They wrote : `` Rania Ibrham my friend is missing from the grenfill tower , if you have seen them or have any news on their pls contact me . ''
( Photo : Facebook )
Another friend , named only as Maseen , told the MailOnline : `` My friend , Ranya Ibrahim , lives on the top floor with their two children who are just three and five years old . ''
`` I received a Snapchat video from Ranya at 3am just after the fire started and I have n't heard from them since , '' they added .
`` She lives on the top floor and their husband was not home because they are on holiday . ''
In one part of the footage as they film police and fire crews arriving down below , a desperate woman , believed to be a friend , yells out : `` We 're stuck on the 23rd floor !
`` Hello ! There 's too many people stuck upstairs . ''
The footage includes a section with a woman 's voice praying as they desperately tried to get to safety .
Amid noises of banging doors in the complex , the group are trapped in their apartment as they frantically work out how they will escape .
They are frantically debating if they should open the front door and if they will be able to breathe with the thick smoke .
There is a suggestion to see if people are outside who may need help .
A female voice , believed to be a friend , says : `` You are not going to be able to breathe .
`` You 're children are not going to be able to breathe .
The same female voice says : `` Listen you have your children .
`` Standing near the door , the smoke is not going to help you , yeah ? Where 's your husband ? ''
They appear to open their front door to see thick smoke and help people and let them in .
A female voice , believed to be Rania , calls out : `` Hello ? Come here ! ''
`` Hello ? hello ? Come ! Come ! Quick ! Quick ! ''
However , a male voice urgently says `` come in ... the smoke is coming '' .
A female voice says : `` But the people are outside ! ''
Towards the end of the footage , which lasts 6 minutes and 33 seconds , the people film over a balcony down to the ground below as a female says police are telling them get out .
There are blue flashing lights as a woman prays and a emergency services crew can be heard below .
The people are asking how they are going to get out .
As they can see police and fire crews arriving , a woman yells out : `` We 're stuck on the 23rd floor !
`` Hello !
`` There 's too many people stuck upstairs . ''
The video was posted at about 1.40am as the fire was in its early stages after being reported at 12.54am .
Authorities have confirmed 12 people died in the blaze while 78 were injured , 18 of whom were in a critical condition .
The death toll was expected to increase as emergency service crews had still not been able to do a full thorough search of the building .
There are fears over the integrity of the high rise , although fire crews had managed to reach the top floor today .
Drones were also being used to examine upper floors of the structure .
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tickets for the Champions League last-16 clash between Real Madrid and Paris St Germain are available for a whopping £63,000 .
Both sides were thrown together in the undisputed tie of the round following the draw for the knockout stages , with the eventual winner considered to be among the favourites to lift the trophy .
The match is due to take place at the Santiago Bernabeu on February 14 , with the likes of superstars Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar expected to be on show .
Original tickets for the match were priced between £66 and £242 , and were understandably hard to come by , given the first and second batches available were all gone just moments after going on sale .
( Image : StubHub )
But tickets are now on sale on secondary ticketing site Stubhub for up to £63,000 , with many more available priced in the thousands .
This is the latest in a long line of problems with secondary ticketing sites , something Real Madrid are trying hard to crack down on .
The Los Blancos have stated that access to the stadium will be denied to anyone with second-hand tickets .
( Image : Getty Images )
Each person attending will have to show their valid ticket via their mobile phone , whilst printed tickets will not be accepted .
This is in counteraction to the ticket touts , as the club aim to put an end to illegal resales .
A club statement read , `` The entry ticket will be downloaded to a mobile phone , that will be the only valid access document for purchases made online or by phone . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A soldier dressed as Colonel Gaddafi bit off the ear of a pubgoer - and spat it onto the floor in a brutal Halloween attack , a court heard today .
Geraint Jones , 25 , was wearing a black curly wig and bright orange tribal robes to mirror the former Libyan dictator when they sunk their teeth into the ear of their shocked victim , the court was told .
Jurors were told their alleged victim , Gwynant Jones , gave police a vivid description of the Halloween attacker , who was spotted on CCTV in their Gaddaffi garb .
Mock Gaddafi Jones , a soldier with the Territorial Army , was accused of carrying out the `` cowardly and unprovoked '' attack on a fancy night out with other friends during a pub crawl .
Prosecutor Ian Wright told how the Gaddafi-clad reveller was in the bar for just six minutes when they sank their teeth into Jones ' left ear from behind .
( Photo : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
Mr Wright said : `` He was seen giving high fives in the street afterwards . ''
Alleged victim Jones was at the Academy bar in the seaside town of Aberystwyth , West Wales , when they were allegedly `` savaged '' by the fancy dress despot .
Mr Wright said : `` He approached from behind and placed their hands on their shoulder before biting their left ear - ripping the lower section off . ''
Mr Jones said : `` All I can remember is being at the bar and then suddenly feeling a lot of pain .
( Photo : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
`` I leaned forward and I think that 's when my ear must have ripped off and I saw lots of blood . ''
They said they had not spoken nor argued with the fancy dress party before being attacked .
The court heard the severed ear lobe was later recovered from the floor by a bartender but it was not possible to reattach it .
Jones had an operation at Morriston Hospital , Swansea , and needs further reconstructive surgery .
Attacker Jones , 25 , admits biting them - but insists they did not mean for the victim 's ear to be torn off .
( Photo : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
They claimed the ear lobe was accidentally torn off when another man tried to `` pull '' them away .
Friend William Skinner told how they stepped in to separate the two . But they said : `` The damage had already been done by that time . ''
Jones , of Queen 's Avenue , Aberystwyth , has pleaded guilty to inflicting grievous bodily harm . They deny causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
The trial continues .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
So you 've bought the ingredients , you 've picked your pancake recipe , nothing can stop you making the perfect pancake .
Wrong .
Without a robust flipping technique you could still end up with egg , milk and flour on your face .
Yes , the dreaded Pancake Day toss is something we all want to get right .
And that moment that your crispy batter folds in on itself and gets stuck is devastating .
So here 's a little tutorial for you . Have a look at how to do it and how NOT to do it - then film yourself having a go and send it to us using the form below .
This is how it should be done
They make it look so easy .
Here 's a good technique in slow motion , pay attention
Think you can flip it over with a spatula ?
Think again .
Definitely use a non-stick pan
Do n't get cocky
One flip is enough .
But if you 've got skills , flaunt them
Do n't let it land on the pan rim
That sinking feeling when you see it rip apart ? Yes , that .
Now send us your videos !
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 4 years and SO much has happened in their life since moving here . They and their wife of 6 years Nicole , had first baby ( a boy ) and they bought their first home here . When AJ is n't on the air or hosting an event for one of the organizations that they work with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer , March For Babies , Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association , they are more than likely climbing a mountain ! `` I love everything this place has to offer , from world class entertainment , to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep ! '' I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people .
If you gazed at the night sky over the past few weeks , it is possible that you stumbled upon a very bright star near the Orion constellation . This is Sirius , the brightest star of the entire night sky , which is visible from almost everywhere on Earth except the northernmost regions . It is , in fact , a binary stellar system , and one of the nearest to our Sun – only eight light-years away .
Known since antiquity , this star played a key role for the keeping of time and agriculture in Ancient Egypt , as its return to the sky was linked to the annual flooding of the Nile . In Ancient Greek mythology , it represented the eye of the Canis Major constellation , the Great Dog that diligently follows Orion , the Hunter .
Dazzling stars like Sirius are both a blessing and a curse for astronomers . Their bright appearance provides plenty of light to study their properties , but also outshines other celestial sources that happen to lie in the same patch of sky .
This is why Sirius has been masked in this picture taken by amateur astronomer Harald Kaiser on 10 January from Karlsruhe , a city in the southwest of Germany .
Once the glare of Sirius is removed , an interesting object becomes visible to its left : the stellar cluster Gaia 1 , first spotted last year using data from ESA 's Gaia satellite .
Gaia 1 is an open cluster – a family of stars all born at the same time and held together by gravity – and it is located some 15 000 light-years away . Its chance alignment next to nearby , bright Sirius kept it hidden to generations of astronomers that have been sweeping the heavens with their telescopes over the past four centuries . But not to the inquisitive eye of Gaia , which has been charting more than a billion stars in our Milky Way galaxy .
Mr Kaiser heard about the discovery of this cluster during a public talk on the Gaia mission and zealously waited for a clear sky to try and image it using their 30 cm-diameter telescope . After covering Sirius on the telescope sensor – creating the dark circle on the image – they succeeded at recording some of the brightest stars of the Gaia 1 cluster .
Gaia 1 is one of two previously unknown star clusters that have been discovered by counting stars from the first set of Gaia data , which was released in September 2016 . Astronomers are now looking forward to Gaia 's second data release , planned for 25 April , which will provide vast possibilities for new , exciting discoveries .
More information about opportunities for amateur astronomers to follow up on Gaia observations here .
Credits : H. Kaiser
by
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — Immigration agents this week delivered inspection notices to 77 restaurants and other businesses in Northern California and gave them three workdays to prove their employees are authorized to work in the country , authorities confirmed Friday .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents served the notices to businesses in Sacramento , San Jose , San Francisco , and other Northern California cities . No arrests were made , said James Schwab , ICE spokesperson in San Francisco .
The inspections heightened already tense relations between federal officials and the state of California over immigration policies .
Sen. Kamala Harris characterized the notices as the latest effort to “ punish California . ”
“ While law enforcement should prioritize dangerous criminals , widespread raids will result in the deportation of those who are living lawful lives and will erode public safety in immigrant communities , ” Harris said in a statement .
A notice of inspection asks business owners to produce so-called I-9 forms , which employees are required to fill when first hired to confirm they are legally authorized to work in the country and turn them over to federal authorities within three business days , Schwab said .
If employers do n't comply or have valid forms , they could face fines or criminal prosecution if they are knowingly violating the law , they said .
Schwab said this week 's operation was “ focused on protecting jobs for U.S. citizens and others who are lawfully employed , eliminating unfair competitive advantages for companies that hire an illegal workforce , and strengthening public safety and national security . ”
The inspections follow last month 's ICE employment audits at about 100 7-Eleven stores in 17 states and the District of Columbia and come as the Trump administration revamps immigration compliance checks aimed at employers .
California Attorney General Xavier Becerra has warned business owners they could face fines of up to $ 10,000 if they violate a new state law that bars them from turning over workers ' records to federal authorities .
ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan has repeatedly lambasted California over the so-called “ sanctuary state ” law that strictly limits the cooperation of local law enforcement with federal immigration authorities when they are booked into jail for other reasons . A day after the law took effect , they said ICE will “ vastly increase our enforcement footprint in the state of California . ”
“ California better hold on tight , ” they told Fox News Jan. 2 . “ They 're about to see a lot more special agents , a lot more deportation officers in the state of California . If the politicians in California do n't want to protect their communities , then ICE will . ”
Deportation arrests have surged about 40 percent since President Donald Trump took office , even without a budget increase .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have drawn Porto in the last 16 of the Champions League .
The Reds progressed as winners from Group E , above Sevilla , who finished as runners-up , and Spartak Moscow and Maribor .
The first leg , at the Estadio do Dragao , will be played on February 13 , 14 , 20 or 21 , while the return leg at Anfield will be contested on March 6 , 7 , 13 or 14 .
Jurgen Klopp 's side endured a mixed bag during the group stages , with a near perfect attacking display to destroy Spartak 7-0 at Anfield .
( Image : Getty )
Though Liverpool will always be vulnerable after seeing Sevilla peg them back from 3-0 down at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan .
Roberto Firmino is the joint-second top scorer in the group stage with six goals ( Cristiano Ronaldo has nine goals ) , as part of the highest scoring English side in group stage history with 23 goals .
Vodafone has been declared the worst mobile operator for customer satisfaction for the seventh year in a row .
The network achieved a satisfaction rate of just 49 per cent , with 16 per cent saying they would n't recommend Vodafone to friend or family member . The biggest grievances were incorrect billing and poor customer service .
Vodafone has said improving customer service is a top priority and that it was working hard to deliver results .
Satisfied
“ These findings published by Which ? really do n't match up with what our customers are telling us , with our own , independently verified customer satisfaction scores jumping 13 points from last year to their best ever level , ” a spokesperson told TechRadar Pro .
EE finished second bottom – an improvement given it finished joint-last with Vodafone last year – with a satisfaction rating of 56 percent . The biggest issue here appears to be cost as 17 percent said they find EE too expensive with one in seven paying £50 or more a month .
O2 fared a little better on 61 per cent , while Three was the best of the big operators with 64 per cent . Three 's biggest issue is network coverage , with 30 per cent complaining of poor signal and one third of all customers who defected to another operating citing this as a factor . However 71 per cent believe Three is good value for money and 86 per cent would recommend it to friends and family .
Mobile Virtual Network Operators ( MVNO ) tended to outperform their bigger rivals with Utility Warehouse achieving a rating of 84 per cent , beating Giffgaff 's 81 per cent score . Sky achieved 79 per cent , Asda Mobile 77 per cent and Tesco Mobile , the UK 's biggest MVNO , scoring 75 per cent .
“ The biggest providers are lagging behind smaller rivals who are doing a better job of giving customers what they want in terms of service and value for money , ” said Alex Neill , Which ? Managing Director of Home Products and Services . “ Customers who are fed up should look to switch provider as soon as they can .
“ New reforms will soon mean that mobile customers will be able to switch provider by text message , which we hope will make it quicker and easier for customers to seek a better deal . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rihanna burst into our lives in 2005 with their first single Pon De Replay and we have been crushing on them ever since .
Barbados-born RiRi , 28 , has had our attention for quite some time . When they keep churning out hits like Umbrella and Work , which are permanently stuck in our heads , along with their ever changing style , they show no signs of fading .
As well as their ever-changing hair dos , their style has come a long way too . The days of bra top and baggy jeans and head-to-toe black leather have gone . Like or loathe their style , they always have their eye on the trends and can push boundaries and carry it off with ease .
( Photo : Xposure )
Rihanna has had four collections with River Island that coincided with their 777 tour . They also have their own collection with Puma - Fenty X Puma .
( Photo : Getty Images )
Throughout their fashion reign they have had lots of different looks , but here are some key trends that they keep going back to .
1 . All white
( Photo : Splash News )
A more of a softer side to their dressing , Rihannna loves a bit of angelic white . Attending the Dior show in 2016 , they made this girlie hue look sexier by opting for a plunging neck line and open shoulders .
2 . Make a statement
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Robert Kamau/GC Images )
Two iconic looks from RiRi , the 1920s-inspired bejewelled dress that revealed almost everything and the heart coat . Both looks are so different and both would be unwearable for us mere mortals . However , Rihanna carries them off in style .
3 . Boy meets girl
( Photo : Splash )
( Photo : Getty Images )
Rihanna has the ability to make oversized and 'scruffy ' ooze sex appeal . Like their boyfriend jeans , with a pair of heels and an off-the-shoulder shirt . And then the tuxedo jacket with nothing underneath with barely-there tights and jewellery . We bow at them never ending legs .
4 . Layering up
( Photo : Getty )
On two occasions at the Grammy Awards they have stood out the most among all the other celebrities in 2011 and 2015 . In layers and layers of fabric and sugary shades , they still look stunning and manages to pull off these fairytale gowns .
5 . Simple glamour
( Photo : © www.splashnews.com )
( Photo : FILMMAGIC )
When she 's not showing up to award shows in layers of tulle , RiRi 's red carpet style can be quite minimal . Showing off their bod , sure , but still they do n't over=accessorise or wear stacks of jewellery . Simple , yet effective , it works for them
6 . Head-to-toe denim
( Photo : Splash )
( Photo : FameFlynet.uk.com )
Whether it 's one piece or head-to-toe , Rihanna is a huge fan of denim . For most dressed down occasions , they opt for a jean fabric of some sort , be it a dress or skirt or y'know , the whole hog . Much like herself , denim is a trend that will never go away .
7 . Gucci girl
( Photo : Splash )
( Photo : www.splashnews.com )
On more than two occasions Rihanna has favoured Gucci , and in particularly their signature green colour . Both of these styles are hard to pull off , but they carry it off with enough conviction to make them look amazing .
8 . Sexy in silk
( Photo : WireImage )
( Photo : Splash )
Often Rihanna slips into something more comfortable and more silky . This sultry fabric suits them down to a tee , fresh , playful and of course- sexy !
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An England fan stunned crowds of celebrating supporters with a pole dance routine 15ft up a lamppost .
The athletic dancer stripped down to their underwear before clambering up the post .
In the clip , hundreds of fans partying in the street after England 's dramatic World Cup win over Colombia cheer as the woman dangles upside down .
The woman flashes the crowd to huge cheers before standing upright and performing the dance in Bournemouth , Dorset .
The supporters cheer the woman on as they wave a St George 's flag .
( Image : LeeMcLean/BNPS )
England triumphed against Colombia in Russia on Tuesday night to secure a place in the quarter finals of 2018 World Cup .
Harry Kane gave them the lead from the spot but a last-gasp equaliser deflated England .
However , they won a penalty shootout for the first time in a World Cup game to delight the nation .
Spurs star Eric Dier netted the winning kick after Everton goalkeeper brilliantly saved a Carlos Bacca pen .
England now face Sweden on Saturday afternoon .
Growing up in Elkader , a small community in northeast Iowa , Shanneon Grant would walk to the library to get them books .
`` I fell in love with libraries in a small town , '' they said . `` Sparta feels familiar in that sense . ''
That 's why Grant , who has 26 years of library experience , is excited about their new position as director of the Sparta Free library . She 's only been on the job for a little over one week but said they are inspired by the support the community has for its historic structures and the library in particular .
Grant comes from La Crosse , where they were most recently acquisitions librarian at the main branch of the city 's public library . A UW-La Crosse graduate , they initially studied elementary education but their job in the university library drew them to that profession and they ended up staying on after graduation .
Grant eventually earned their master 's degree in library science from UW-Milwaukee , and also teaches online classes through UW- Madison to those seeking library director certification .
And while they are still trying to get situated in their new position , they said they are entering an environment with a lot of positive momentum .
`` The staff has done a lot of programming and invited the community to make this more of a community hub and a place where people can come not just for materials but also for some great programming , cultural events and help with technology , '' they said .
The latter item Grant was referring to is a library program that offers technology tutoring where patrons can get help to work with tablets , e-books , smart phones , social media and other tech-related matters .
Grant said over their career , libraries have expanded their offerings to include access to Wi-Fi and internet service as well as increasing their programs for children and adults .
`` We have so many opportunities for people to come and have ( the library ) be a place where people can interact with each other , '' they said .
Grant enters the position as the library is considering a possible expansion/renovation . The library is working with an architect and is hosting community forums , which began August 6 . The next session is tonight ( Monday ) at the library beginning at 6 p.m .
There also will be sessions August 28 and 29 , and September 18 .
`` We 're just asking the community what they would like to see in a possible expansion/renovation , '' said Grant .
Besides Grant , the library has seven other staff members , including ;
•Kayce Henderson , adult services librarian .
•Aimee Schreiber , youth services librarian .
•Paula Steigerwald , administrative library assistant .
•Amy Weisenberger , library assistant .
•Lori Einer , library assistant
•April Anderson , library assistant
•Donna Haack , substitute .
Grant said they will commute at least for the time being . Them husband , Todd , is a special education teacher for the Bangor School District . They have two sons , Trevor , who just graduated from La Crosse Central and will be going to UW-Madison in the fall , and Evan , who will be attending Longfellow Middle School this coming school year .
The Iran nuclear deal will be one of the big items on the agenda Tuesday during French President Emmanuel Macron 's visit with President Trump . Macron wants the U.S. to stick with the deal , but President Trump has been a harsh critic of the agreement .
Here & Now ‘ s Eric Westervelt ( @ Ericnpr ) speaks with MSNBC 's Ali Velshi ( @ AliVelshi ) , co-host of “ Velshi & Ruhle . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The wife of former Italy rugby international Andrea Benatti has been arrested on suspicion of murdering their two young children before attempting to take their own life .
The tragedy reportedly began in the family home in Suzzara , situated two hours south of Milan in Lombardy , where Antonella Barbieri claimed to have smothered their two-year-old daughter Kim with a pillow .
The former model reportedly then set off on a drive with their five-year-old son Lorenzo Zeus . It is then thought that they stabbed them with a kitchen knife before turning the weapon on herself , driving it into their stomach .
Barbieri was discovered in the car by a local before emergency services rushed to save their lives .
Known to suffer from psychological issues , Barbieri initially refused to accept medical treatment at the Santa Maria Nuova Hospital in Reggio Emilia , where they have been since Thursday .
( Image : CEN )
( Image : CEN )
They have since accepted treatment , telling doctors : `` I did a bad thing , I want to die . ''
The AUSL ( regional health service of Emilia Romagna ) have confirmed Barbieri 's condition is stable , stating : `` The patient is alert and conscious . Them condition is stable for the moment . ''
They have been reported to have `` heard voices '' and previously sought help from a priest over an exorcism , with another asked to bless them home .
( Image : CEN )
Benatti earned five caps for the Azzurri , scoring a try against South Africa , as well as an esteemed domestic career in Italy with the highlight being a championship in 2002 with Viadana .
The FIR ( Italian Rugby Federation ) tweeted their support for the 39-year-old : `` All of the Italian rugby family is with Andrea in this tragic moment . ''
GALLIPOLIS — Skatesville USA is now under new , but familiar , ownership .
Patricia Filie , who owned and operated the skating rink for 24 years has resumed operations as of December 2017 .
The business started out as a family operation which Filie ran for 24 years . According to Filie , they first left the business when their father was sick and a gymnastics academy used the building for about 10 years . In 2015 they reopened the roller rink , having over 200 kids skating a night by March of 2015 . It was at this point that a deal was made for Rollerbounce to rent the building and business , with the idea of adding inflatables to the skating experience .
Filie explained that when the lease agreement was signed , they became less involved allowing Rollerbounce to operate the business . This occurred from March of 2016 until December of 2017 , when Filie resumed the helm officially with a New Year 's Eve Party .
“ Right now we have police officers on Friday and Saturday night that are skating with the kids , ” said Filie . “ The officers love the kids , it 's a good community thing for the city police officers and the kids . ”
Filie remarked that there are some places and activities for children and families in Gallipolis , but they want to see more .
“ We also need a fun activity place where kids can be active , a social place where the kids and parents can feel safe , ” said Filie . “ My goal is to make this a fun and safe place for kids in our community . ”
Currently the rink is open Friday and Saturday evenings from 8 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. and a kids skate for those 12 and under from 2-4 p.m. on Saturday . To learn more about the rink and parties , visit their Facebook page “ Skatesville USA ” or by calling Filie at 740-645-9762 .
Officer Gary Waldron helps teach a young boy how to skate . http : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_gary-waldron.jpg Officer Gary Waldron helps teach a young boy how to skate . Courtesy
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss @ aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108 .
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108 .
New Delhi/Mumbai : The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) filed charges on Monday against a former chairperson of state-run Canara Bank and others over allegations that the officials helped a company defraud the bank of about $ 10.5 million taken in loans over four years ago .
The CBI also said it had arrested seven people - including two former managers of the country ` s top lender , State Bank of India , a former manager of Canara Bank and directors of a Kolkata-based private company — in a separate `` bank fraud '' case of about Rs 150 million ( $ 2.3 million ) .
India has cracked down on shady loans in its mammoth state banking sector after a more than $ 2 billion fraud was uncovered at state-run Punjab National Bank ( PNB ) earlier this year .
As of last September , state banks held about 87 percent of the Indian banking system 's Rs 9.46 trillion ( about $ 147 billion ) of soured loans that are non-performing , restructured or rolled over .
In the December 2013 case , the CBI , the federal investigating agency , said charges were filed against five former Canara Bank officials including former chairperson and managing director R K Dubey , two former executive directors of the bank and a current bank official .
A Delhi-based private company and its directors were also charged , the CBI said in a statement .
Canara Bank did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Dubey was not immediately available for a comment .
The CBI , which had first registered the case in 2016 , said a Rs 683.8 million loan to the Delhi-based jewellery company , Occasion Silver Pvt Ltd , turned bad within a year of the bank giving it the loan .
`` The funds were siphoned off through a chain of alleged bogus transactions facilitated by fake sister concerns , family members and bank officials including the top executives , '' the CBI said .
`` It was also revealed during investigation that there was an alleged nexus between the bank officials with the private persons which led to the perpetration of the fraud , '' the agency said . Reuters could not immediately locate contact details of Occasion Silver Pvt Ltd .
In the alleged PNB fraud — the biggest in India 's banking history — the bank has accused two jewellery groups , one controlled by diamond tycoon Nirav Modi and the other by their uncle , Mehul Choksi , of colluding with rogue bank employees to secure credit overseas .
The key accused in that case have denied any wrongdoing .
( $ 1 = Rs 65.1850 )
New Delhi : After becoming the first Indian actor to feature on TIME 's 100 influential people in the world , Bollywood 's leading lady Deepika Padukone has now conquered the cover of TINGS London .
Deepika Padukone is one of the few Bollywood actores to have achieved so much in such a short duration.She is counted amongst most talented celebrities not just in India but also globally . The lady has not only featured on TIME 's list but also graced the TINGS London cover .
In the Time magazine , international star Vin Diesel , Deepika 's co-star in their Hollywood debut `` xXx : Return of Xander Cage '' has penned words of appreciation for them
`` Making that movie , Deepika took committed to a whole other level . That 's who they are as a performer . They want the whole movie to shine , which is a rare thing .
`` Anyone could talk about how beautiful they are , and anyone could tell you about their unmatched comedic timing . But they are n't just a star . She 's an actor 's actor , dedicated to the craft , '' Diesel wrote .
Deepika scored a success at the box office this year with the epic drama 'Padmaavat ' in which they played the queen .
One of the highest paid actors of Indian cinema today , they have 18 brands in their portfolio and has a strong social media presence .
On the work front , Deepika will reportedly be seen with rumoured boyfriend Ranveer Singh in Yash Raj Film 's next . The two are likely to tie the knot this year .
( With inputs from IANS )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With its breathtaking landscapes , vibrant culture and world-famous eclectic nightlife , it 's no surprise that Thailand continues to be a firm favourite with holidaymakers looking for a sunny escape .
And there 's no better place to soak up the rays than on one of the country 's picture-perfect beaches , renowned for their pristine white sand and crystalline blue waters .
Thailand is home to over 2,000 miles of coastline and 8,000 tropical islands , so you 'll be spoiled for choice whether you 're after somewhere remote and peaceful , or looking for bustling beaches with plenty of bars and sports on offer .
You could even end up snoozing in a cosy cabana after a day of swimming with whale sharks , if you 're lucky .
To give you a helping hand , we 've rounded up the best beaches in Thailand - perfect travel inspiration for your next tropical escape !
Need more inspiration ? Check out our Luxury Holidays page for an unforgettable getaway ...
( Image : Lonely Planet Images )
Patong Beach has long been drawing in revellers thanks to the bustling bars and cafés that line its sandy shores .
Spend the day lazing on the picture-perfect sands by the calm crystalline waters , then at night head out to make the most of the beach resort town 's world-famous nightlife .
( Image : Robert Harding World Imagery )
Quieter than the island 's popular Chaweng resort , this picturesque beach is home to plenty of luxury accommodation , spas , and beautiful landmarks .
Because it offers a bit more of a serene setting compared to other Thai beaches , it 's often tipped as a romantic hotspot for honeymooners looking to take in the breathtaking scenery .
( Image : LightRocket )
this breathtaking bay is a hit with visitors looking to take in the best of Phuket 's landscapes thanks to the luscious green backdrop , pristine white sands and turquoise waters .
It 's a stone 's throw away from busier resorts but offers a bit of a quieter haven for those who do want that idyllic beach break .
( Image : Rex Features )
A firm favourite with tourists , Railay Beach 's craggy limestone cliffs are a hit with those seeking adventure .
You can go rock climbing on the striking facades or take a tour of the jaw-dropping caves nestled amongst the rocks , while sun-seekers can relax on beach 's white sand and take in the picturesque views .
( Image : Rex Features )
Having earned its names thanks to the beautiful sunsets you can watch from the edge of the water , it 's not surprising that this beach is hailed as a seriously romantic setting .
Enjoy a leisurely beach stroll , take in the sunset views , and then head to one of the nearby seafood restaurants for some delectable local dishes - a date night like unlike any other !
( Image : Rex Features )
Looking like something out of paradise , this beach offers just a taste of the spectacular scenery that 's made Thailand such a hit with tourists .
Look out for the pretty pastel-hued bungalows in the Andaman Beach Resort that are dotted along the shore line and provide a picture-perfect backdrop for Instagram .
You 'll need to be a guest at the resort if you want to make the most of the beach as it 's private , but it definitely makes for an idyllic haven away from the crowds .
( Image : Getty )
By day , this beach and its tranquil surroundings are perfect for soaking up the rays , enjoying a spot of snorkelling amidst the tropical fish and colourful corals , or relaxing by the turquoise waters .
By night , the beach comes to life with the help of party-goers and clubbers alike who flock to the shore to make the most of the world-famous Thai nightlife .
Oh , and if you can , try and watch one of the blissful sunsets , hailed as one of the best views in all of Thailand .
( Image : Getty )
Having earned star status as the location for Leonardo DiCaprio 's 2000 film , 'The Beach ' , Maya Bay has captured the imagination of tourists ever since .
Expect white sand , a breathtaking azure-hued sea , palm trees and jaw-dropping steep limestone hills .
Its cult status does mean that it 's often jam-packed with tourists - but join them and you could find it difficult to tear yourself away from this tropical paradise .
( Image : Getty )
Tucked away amidst the lusciously green landscape sits this small beach - and it 's often hailed as one of Koh Kood 's most tranquil areas , mainly as it 's virtually undeveloped for tourism .
With crystal clear waters , fine sand and a rocky coastline , it 's difficult not to be floored by the beach 's beauty .
It 's also very secluded : the island itself can only be reached after having crossed the Kluai Cape , so it 's ideal for those looking to switch off for a few days .
( Image : Getty )
If you 're visiting Thailand with kids , Long Beach is a destination not to miss .
There are plenty of activities and games on offer from football to beach volleyball or even kayaking , not to mention the waters are safe and child-friendly , so the whole family can enjoy the surroundings .
Plus , with its golden sands that stretch five kilometres , there are plenty of restaurants , bars and facilities that are family-friendly .
Members of community groups calling for the ‘ de-militarization of Guam ' attend a ‘ People for Peace ' rally in Hagatna on 14 August 2017 . Photo : AFP
Seoul/Beijing : Tension on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea 's president said resolving North Korea 's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and US officials played down the risk of an imminent war .
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland US within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tension in recent months .
US President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the US military was “ locked and loaded ” if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening last week to land missiles near the US Pacific territory of Guam .
“ There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula . Whatever ups and downs we face , the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully , ” South Korean President Moon Jae-in told a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers . “ I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours , ” they said .
While backing Trump 's tough talk , US officials including National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster played down the risk on Sunday of the rhetoric escalating into conflict .
“ I think we 're not closer to war than a week ago , but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago , ” McMaster told ABC News ' “ This Week ” .
US Central Intelligence Agency director Mike Pompeo said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk .
“ I 've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we 're in that place today , ” Pompeo told Fox News Sunday .
US defence secretary Jim Mattis and secretary of state Rex Tillerson said in a commentary in the Wall Street Journal the United States was adopting a policy of “ strategic accountability ” towards North Korea , and was applying diplomatic and economic pressure “ to achieve the complete , verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and a dismantling of the regime 's ballistic-missile programmes ” .
“ While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea 's course of action , it is backed by military options , ” they said .
World stocks rallied as investors took heart from the less bellicose rhetoric .
However , North Korea reiterated its threats , with its official KCNA news agency saying “ war can not be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small , random incident that was unintentional ” . “ Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war , ” it said in a commentary .
Missile doubts
South Korean vice defence minister Suh Choo-suk agreed North Korea was likely to continue provocations , including nuclear tests , but did not see a big risk of the North engaging in actual military conflict .
Suh again highlighted doubts about North Korea 's claims about its military capability .
“ Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms , ” Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show .
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce , not a peace treaty .
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July , tests it often conducts to coincide with important national dates .
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan 's expulsion from the Korean peninsula , a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South . Moon and Kim , who has not been seen publicly for several days , are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarised border .
Trump has urged China , the North 's main ally and trading partner , to do more to rein in its neighbour , often linking Beijing 's efforts to comments around US-China trade . China strenuously rejects linking the two issues .
Trump will issue an order later on Monday to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force US firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property , senior administration officials said on Saturday .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said that Beijing has said many times the essence of China-US trade and business ties is mutual benefit and that there is no future in any trade war between China and the United States .
“ The ( Korean ) peninsula issue and trade and business issues are in a different category from each other , ” Hua added . “ On these two issues , China and the United States should respect each other and increase cooperation . Using one issue as a tool for exerting pressure on another is clearly inappropriate . ”
China 's commerce ministry issued an order on Monday banning imports of coal , iron ore , lead concentrates and ore , lead and seafood from North Korea , effective from Tuesday .
The move followed the announcement of UN sanctions against North Korea this month which have to be enforced within 30 days by member-states .
US joint chiefs of staff chairperson Joseph Dunford told South Korea 's Moon in a meeting on Monday that US military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed , according to Moon 's office . Reuters
By George Galloway
July 03 , 2018 “ Information Clearing House ” – – “ Why , sometimes I 've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast ” – Alice in Wonderland . The problem for the British narrative in the Skripal case is that one would have to believe way more than six things .
Let me start with the latest : the taxpayer-funded purchase for more than one million pounds of the homes in Salisbury of the British spy Sergei Skripal and the police officer Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey . This purchase is explained as necessary on security grounds and – some suspect – may be followed by the destruction of both houses and all the evidence therein .
This is difficult to explain in the absence of a state purchase of the Zizi 's Pizza Restaurant where Skripal and their daughter Yulia ate what could have very well ended up being their last meal , and where they spent at least as much time as DS Bailey could have been in touch with the pair . Ditto the pub the Skripals visited before repairing for lunch . And anywhere else they went after leaving their door handle on which was smeared in gel form the strangely innocuous Novichok ( ish ) which killed none of the people who ingested it .
Neither Skripal showed any signs of having been affected in the pub , or wherever else they visited en route to Zizi 's , or in the restaurant , or even in the only short piece of CCTV footage seen in the public domain after they had left the restaurant but before they reached the park bench on which they slumped five hours after leaving their doorknob.This presupposes that DS Bailey was never in the Skripal house but was – oddly , given their rank – merely a first responder on the park bench where the Skripals slumped at exactly the same time and in the same form , despite their differences in age , height , and physical form – itself difficult to understand if both were affected by the Novichok ( ish ) several hours before from the doorknob .
IF all of the foregoing is a truthful account of what happened , then one thing is now the settled will of the majority of thinking people in the United Kingdom – even in Salisbury – whatever else was on the doorknob it was not a “ deadly military grade nerve agent… of a type developed by Russia . ”
Because , if it had been , they would have both been dead in the short walk from the doorknob to the car or certainly before they had driven to the end of their street . They would have been found dead either on the garden path or slumped behind the wheel of their car , not five hours later on a park bench – very unwell but now thankfully apparently well again – and in Yulia 's case looking the very picture of health .
Sergei , of course , we have not seen , but given their discharge from hospital just a few days after Yulia 's , it is logical to infer that they too have made the same Lazarus-like resurrection from what we had been told was their imminent deathbed just the day before Yulia 's now famous telephone call with their cousin in Moscow .
But IS what we have been told about the chain of events the truth ? I have met no one , literally no one , who believes so .
And NO evidence , none whatsoever , has been produced by the government or any state authorities which gives the slightest justification to Theresa May 's rush to judgment and blame issued peremptorily against the Russian Federation and – in the mouth of both the foreign secretary and the defense secretary – against President Putin himself .
It is established by the very fact the Skripals survived that what struck them was not Novichok .
View image on Twitter
RT✔ @ RT_com
The case of incredibly shrinking # Skripals : UK owes Russia explanation as poisoning mystery deepens ( Op-Ed by @ Robert_Bridge ) https : //on.rt.com/95kk
2:15 PM – May 18 , 2018
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Even if it had been , it is untrue that the family of nerve agents called Novichok was “ developed by Russia. ” It was developed by the USSR , and not in Russia but in other republics , including the now-Western ally Ukraine and Uzbekistan . Its stockpiles were certified , destroyed by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) . Former British Ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray attended a reception for the UN chemical weapons watchdog in Uzbekistan as they celebrated the successful conclusion of this work .
One of the leading Russian scientists in the Soviet-era Novichok team moved to the United States where they published a book containing the exact chemical formula needed to make Novichok . The book was available on Amazon . One eminent US scientist I interviewed on my radio show by phone from the United States told me that ANY of their undergraduate students could make Novichok and so could any university chemistry student anywhere in the world .
But it was not Novichok or any “ military-grade nerve agent ” which struck the Skripals – if it had been , they would be dead . I repeat that for emphasis .
But the other parts of Mrs. May 's narrative have n't fared any better .
It was claimed by the PM that “ only Russia had the motive ” to attack Sergei Skripal . But this is clearly ridiculous as I said at the time . On the principle of Cui Bono , i.e . who benefits from this crime , obviously Russia , days before its presidential election and exactly 100 days before the World Cup opening ceremony , had the least to gain from carrying out this crime – certainly at that time .
Russia could have attacked Sergei Skripal at any time , with no collateral damage to their daughter or a passing police officer , either long before or alternatively after the World Cup . Simple logic demanded at least the consideration that the crime may have been carried out by someone or some state which sought to damage Russia . The faked murder of the Russian journalist Babchenko in Ukraine in May being such a case in point .
Moreover , the whole principle of spy swaps would have been gravely undermined by a Russian state attack on Skripal , if not rendered otiose entirely . After all , what spy is going to agree to be swapped if their fate is sealed in an agonizing demise even many years down the line ? For that reason , Russia has never attacked any foreign agent released in a spy swap .
But such simple logic was never deployed in Mrs. May 's rush to judgment .
Now that could have been mere incompetence – full disclosure , having known personally every British prime minister since Harold Wilson , I generally lean to the cock-up rather than the conspiracy theory of politics – or it could have a predetermined plot to justify the deliberate escalation of tensions with Russia either unilaterally as a diversion or in cahoots with the cowboys of the US deep state currently utterly mesmerized by the Russian Bear . Either way , it has n't worn well .
Not the least of the reasons so few people in Britain are sold on the state narrative of what happened in Salisbury is the complete absence of any journalistic enquiry – an absence entered into either voluntarily or by compulsion . No pressure by the press on the hospital , on Porton Down , on the security services , on the government , on Whitehall . Just a deep , silent and growing chasm .
Again full disclosure , I broadcast sometimes daily on a Rupert Murdoch-owned national radio station – TalkRadio – and I have often raised the Skripal case on my radio shows and have never been asked , let alone told , not to . But I am the only one . Perhaps the government knows that any attempt to serve a so-called D-Notice on me would occasion my mounting the plinth in Trafalgar Square to defy it . Or perhaps they have other plans , I do n't know . But apart from my own regular exposure of my doubts and now certainties on the Skripal case there has been absolutely no “ mainstream ” radio , television or newspaper discussion questioning the state narrative by any other commentator .
The British people are not fools , far from it . They are used to a raucous media , screaming tabloid enquiry and a fading but still extant tradition of investigative journalism . In its absence , the public have drawn the obvious conclusion .
So what did poison the Skripals and DS Bailey , who carried out this attack , and why ?
And why are we paying such a high price to own their houses ?
To take the last point first , it seems overwhelmingly likely that these houses are being bought to purchase the silence of the parties involved . There can be no “ security ” reason for doing so in the absence of the destruction of Zizi 's ( who might well have welcomed it ! ) . We must assume that DS Bailey – uniquely for a police hero who has been attacked in the course of their duty – has settled not for the reward of a grateful nation and a place on the pantheon as a public defender , but for lifelong obscurity , and a half million pounds or so .
Equally , it seems unlikely that Yulia 's cousin will be hearing from them again .
As to who , what and why – perhaps , we will never know . But last week on RT , the most plausible theory from the most credible source I 've yet heard finally emerged .
I have worked with Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist Seymour Hersh before and closely , almost 30 years ago . That work is worth retelling on another occasion . Suffice to say that Hersh is no journalistic trifle . They are of impeccable , near Olympian , standards .
Hersh claimed last week that the Skripals were attacked by Russians , just not the Russians identified by Mrs. May . But by Russian criminals , organized criminals , Russian Mafia criminals . The reason ? Well , Hersh believes because the British security services had reactivated the bored ( or broke ) Sergei Skripal to begin working again , this time in cracking down on the nest of oligarchs and their often criminal money and enterprises operating in London .
I do n't know this to be true , but it has the ring of truth . A far clearer ring of truth than anything I 've heard from the British government .
This article was originally published by “ RT “
http : //www.informationclearinghouse.info/49776.htm
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Neymar has been in touch with friend and former Barcelona colleague Lionel Messi after an exciting Champions League draw for the last-16 .
Paris Saint-Germain were favourites to win the competition before they drew against last season 's winners Real Madrid in the tie of the round .
While Barcelona has drawn their old nemesis Chelsea in another cracking match-up , though Neymar has hope they may find their former team-mates down the road—potentially in the final in Kiev .
Neymar and Messi both remain in contact and on good terms , with Diario Gol reporting that the Brazilian sent the Argentinian a message after the last 16 draw to promise they would help send the reigning champions , and the Blaugrana 's eternal rivals , Real Madrid packing .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
( Image : Bongarts )
( Image : AFP )
The 25-year-old went further , insisting if Messi and co. can defeat the Premier League champions , they would meet further in the competition , perhaps in the final in Kiev , where PSG will beat Barça .
The first step is a dangerously overlooked Real Madrid side though . It is an obstacle that will prove whether Neymar is ready to make the leap as a serious threat to break up the duopoly between Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo for the Ballon d'Or .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Well after another thrilling night at Wembley , England have booked their place at the World Cup finals .
The Three Lions limped past Slovenia thanks to a late Harry Kane goal to rubber stamp their spot in Russia next summer .
It was far from convincing , and far from entertaining , but Gareth Southgate will have the chance to make the nation believe again when the great and the good of world football meet .
However , it 's a tournament that might not feature arguably the greatest of all time , with Lionel Messi and Argentina 's hopes hanging by a thread after their 0-0 draw against Peru .
On the latest Mirror Football podcast Aaron Flanagan , Alex Richards and James Whaling discuss all of this plus more from World Cup qualifying , as well as a look ahead to the return of the Premier League .
Listen here !
Kesha and Macklemore will team up in 2018 for ‘ The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore ' Tour and make a stop in St. Louis !
The tour will be performing at the Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre on July 10th at 7pm .
Lawn Tickets start at just $ 19 for the first week of sales !
Tickets go on sale Friday , December 15th at noon .
Get more ticket information HERE !
An AT & T sign is seen outside a branch in Rolling Meadows , Illinois , U.S. , October 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jim Young
The United States on Thursday awarded a contract to AT & T Inc to build a nationwide wireless broadband network to better equip first responders , years after a federal commission recommended setting up such a system following the 9/11 attacks .
FirstNet , an independent arm of the Department of Commerce , will provide No . 2 U.S. wireless carrier AT & T with telecom spectrum and success-based payments of $ 6.5 billion over the next five years .
The effort to set up a public safety network was triggered by communications failures during the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks , when first responders were unable to effectively communicate as they used different technologies and networks .
The FirstNet network will help emergency medical personnel , firefighters and police officers communicate vital information on one single network in real time , as opposed to using thousands of separate , incompatible systems .
The 9/11 Commission , set up by Congress to look into the attacks and propose ways to prevent such actions in the future , in 2004 recommended the setting up of a dedicated public safety broadband network .
The rollout of the network , which will cover all states , five U.S. territories and the District of Columbia , will begin later this year , AT & T said on Thursday .
AT & T will spend about $ 40 billion over the period of the 25-year agreement to build , operate and maintain the network .
Among the bidders for the contract was a consortium formed by wireless network operator Rivada Networks , which has former Florida Governor Jeb Bush on its board . The consortium - Rivada Mercury - includes Intel Corp , Fujitsu Ltd , Ericsson , Nokia and Harris Corp .
FirstNet , which stands for First Responder Network Authority , was formed under the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 , which had earmarked $ 7 billion for building a broadband network .
( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee and Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Barry Corr left Yeovil with Valentine 's Day heartbreak as they struck a last-gasp equaliser for Cambridge United .
The Irish striker scored their first goal in their second substitute appearance since returning from a 14-month injury lay-off , pouncing from close range in the 89th minute after Leon Legge had flicked on Jake Carroll 's long throw as it finished 1-1 .
There were a few surprises when the United team sheet was passed around the press box , although perhaps changes of some sort were expected after Saturday 's poor performance at Morecambe .
There were three alterations in total , with James Dunne and Scott Wharton dropping to the bench while Conor Newton was not involved in the squad .
Taking their places were teenager Leon Davies , George Maris and Paul Lewis , who was handed their first start since signing from Macclesfield last month .
As for the stretched Glovers , they had a makeshift centre-back pairing of Bevis Mugabi and Matthew Butcher , as well as only being able to name six substitutes .
United manager Shaun Derry went back to operating with a flat back four after a couple of matches with three at the back , and they began with Liam O'Neil protecting them in a 4-1-4-1 formation .
With both teams looking for a confidence boost , it was perhaps no surprise the opening exchanges were something of a frantic affair , with both teams conceding possession a little cheaply .
In the amber and black ranks , Lewis would have been particularly keen to impress and they made a few early darts into enemy territory without getting the rub of the green . They made several attempts to link up with Maris in the left-hand attacking channel , which the Yeovil defence did well to nip in the bud .
Suddenly there was a burst of action and it came at the U 's end . Will Norris was first relieved to see Mugabi spurn a good chance from close range from an inswinging free kick , before the goalkeeper had to beat out a swerving , dipping 30-yard effort from the same player .
The visitors were finding it hard to relieve the pressure , with the ball not sticking up front with Uche Ikpeazu as Mugabi did well in their battle , and they breathed another sigh of relief when Tom Eaves flashed a shot inch wide .
After a decent spell of possession for the U 's , the Glovers came again and only good defending from the likes of Legge and O'Neil , plus some Norris saves , prevented them scoring .
The half ended well for the U 's as they began to move the ball around nicely in the opposition half , O'Neil finding Piero Mingoia with some nice cross-field passes and Maris getting into some good areas .
They were unable to really work goalkeeper Artur Krysiak , however , although a dangerous corner delivery from Maris did cause a bit of panic .
Derry 's men made a bright start to the second half and finally tested Krysiak , with the keeper doing well to keep out Luke Berry 's low drive at full stretch before Mingoia shot just wide .
Most of the home fans thought Yeovil had taken the lead against the run of play in the 63rd minute , but , fortunately for the U 's , the ball had hit the side-netting after O'Neil 's clearance cannoned off an opponent .
Maris and Mingoia became more influential as the game wore on , while Corr replaced the exhausted Ikpeazu to become the new focal point of the attack .
But disaster struck for the U 's with 11 minutes remaining . With Maris down injured close to the halfway line and Norris appealing in vain for offside , Francois Zoko tapped in from close range for the Glovers .
However , Corr got back on the goal trail in the nick of time to earn the U 's a deserved point .
Yeovil : Krysiak , Shephard , Dolan , Mugabi , Butcher , Dickson , Lawless , Dawson , Dolan , Whitfield ( Jones , 61min ) , Zoko , Eaves ( Sowunmi , 54 ) . Not used : Maddison , Goodship , James , Harrison .
Cambridge United : Norris 7 , Davies 7 , Legge 7 , Roberts 7 , Carroll 7 , O'Neil 7 , Mingoia 7 , Lewis 6 ( Clark , 67 ) , Berry 6 , Maris 7 * ( Dunk , 79 ) , Ikpeazu 6 ( Corr , 73 ) . Not used : Gregory , Dunne , Williamson , Wharton .
Booked : Yeovil – Dawson ( foul , 47 ) , Lawless ( foul , 59 ) ; Cambridge United – O'Neil ( foul , 57 ) .
Referee : Brett Huxtable .
Attendance : 2,849 ( 118 away ) .
GALLIPOLIS — With spring approaching and another growing season coming , Gallipolis in Bloom is preparing for some new changes and focusing on what it does best .
According to GIB Volunteer Coordinator Kim Canaday , Gallipolis in Bloom will not be competing in the national America in Bloom competition this year . The organization is seeking new leadership and encourages youth to join and steer GIB 's efforts in new directions . The group will likely hold its annual Planting Day April 28 with its donation letter to soon be sent to area supporters .
America in Bloom is an organization based out of Columbus , Ohio , that encourages beautification of towns nationally . It is also part of Communities in Bloom , an international organization .
“ We 've been one of two organizations competing that have returned perhaps the longest in consecutive years ( for Gallipolis ' competition category ) , ” said Canaday . “ We can still compete in the future . This year we 'll be focusing on lots of flowers and things like our pollinator and community garden . ”
Gallipolis in Bloom in the past has scored best in its floral displays and heritage projects in relation to the history of the town as part of the America in Bloom competition .
GIB has taken home many awards over the years as part of its returning participation in America in Bloom . Because of its continued success , it competes in the Circle of Champions , a category reserved for successful returning communities . Of 39 other competing cities in the U.S. , GIB has walked home as champs twice over the last two years in its population category . The group also had special nominations in Best Floral Displays , even against settlements with far larger populations . GIB also had a special nomination in Best Program for Engaging Children in past years .
“ Gallipolis in Bloom started as people who wanted to make the area beautiful and we 're going to continue to do that , ” said Canaday . “ We 're still deciding what kind of flowers we want to plant this year as we always need to be careful with our budget ”
Canaday said the organization has been careful with plants throughout its seasons such as Elephant Ears , preparing them for winter and replanting again in the spring in order to not waste what it has .
For those seeking to become involved , Gallipolis in Bloom can be contacted at its Facebook page .
Dean Wright can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2103 .
A group of volunteers plants an elephant ear in a ground container at the corner of Second Avenue and Court Street in Gallipolis City Park . http : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_Gallipolis-in-Bloom-1-.jpg A group of volunteers plants an elephant ear in a ground container at the corner of Second Avenue and Court Street in Gallipolis City Park . Courtesy photo
Dr Phil confronts white woman who pretended to be
Megan McKenna storms off after big argument with
Line Of Duty viewers delighted as Steve Arnott is
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton 's mum
Chaos on Lorraine as Joan Collins gets stuck in t
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders has given fans their first look at the arrival of Lisa Faulkner 's mysterious new character Fi Browning in Walford .
The actor and Celebrity MasterChef winner landed the role of stylish Fi earlier this year and will make their eagerly anticipated debut in Albert Square next week - ruffling plenty of feathers along the way .
Fi looks every inch the business person as they arrive in Walford , clad in a white shirt , grey v neck jumper and pale pink overcoat .
( Photo : BBC )
( Photo : BBC )
( Photo : BBC )
Not much is known about their entrance storyline , but BBC has teased they will “ immediately get on the wrong side of one family ” - intriguing !
Executive producer Sean O'Connor has said they see Lisa as a major part of the soap moving forward .
They said : `` I 'm really thrilled that we have been able to tempt Lisa Faulkner back to TV drama and back to the BBC .
( Photo : BBC )
`` She 's an extremely accomplished and hugely popular actor and we 're very excited to have them in Albert Square .
`` Fi Browning is something of a departure for EastEnders ; a no-nonsense but sophisticated businesswoman with strength and vulnerability .
`` But do they have an agenda ? And who - or what- has they set their sights on ? ”
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : Rex Features )
Lisa admitted in March the call from EastEnders about the role came `` completely out of the blue '' and she 'd just started filming .
Speaking on Lorraine , they said : “ I started filming a couple of days ago and it 's a bit of a baptism .
“ You just go into this place and go ‘ oh my gosh it 's so fast ' .
“ But everybody is really lovely and it came completely out of the blue .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Rex Features )
`` The [ EastEnders ] producers phoned up and asked if I could go and meet them and I met Sean the producer and Julie the casting director .
“ He just sold this character to me , they were very good at pitching this great character and the show .
“ I sort of came back thinking 'let 's just see what happens ' .
“ Then they phoned and asked if I 'd do it and I thought ‘ why not jump in and see ? What 's the worst that could happen ? '
“ She 's a great character so I 'm looking forward to playing her . ”
* EastEnders airs Fi 's arrival on April 27 at 7.30pm on BBC One .
Watching the Dallas Cowboys practice from your hotel room A `` real time '' look at watching the Dallas Cowboys practice at The Star from the Omni Hotel in Frisco . Mac Engel ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK A `` real time '' look at watching the Dallas Cowboys practice at The Star from the Omni Hotel in Frisco . Mac Engel
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chris Grayling has been accused of `` passing the buck '' after the Transport Secretary launched a scathing attack on the rail industry .
They said today the rail industry has `` failed the passengers it serves '' following the implementation of a new timetable .
There have been `` wholly unsatisfactory levels of disruption '' on Northern and Govia Thameslink Railway ( GTR ) services since departure times were rescheduled on May 20 , according to Chris Grayling .
But Labour has accused Mr Grayling of trying to `` wash their hands of this chaos '' and said the blame lies at theirs door .
The shadow rail minister Rachael Maskell said : `` The buck stops with him . It was them who awarded contracts to incompetent train companies and it was them who propped up a failed and unpopular system of rail privatisation . ''
( Image : Daily Mirror )
In two letters to MPs , Mr Grayling described how they are `` frustrated '' that what should have been a `` good news story '' about the introduction of new services and expanded capacity has had `` such a poor start '' .
Commuters are suffering their second week of travel chaos with the new timetable .
On Tuesday some 14 % of Northern services were cancelled , with a further 25 % at least five minutes late .
GTR saw 10 % of trains cancelled and 14 % delayed .
The rail timetable is updated twice a year , but the latest update has seven times more changes than normal due to investment and a bid to make existing services more reliable .
Mr Grayling wrote : `` We were aware that there might be some disruption in the early days of any new timetable change of this size , but the scale of the problem has far outstripped any expectation . ''
The new timetable was finalised `` much too late to permit adequate logistical planning '' due to delayed Network Rail infrastructure works , Mr Grayling stated .
In relation to Northern routes , the minister explained that the failure to deliver electrification to Bolton and Preston in time for the new timetable had delayed the introduction of new electric trains .
This meant there was a shortage of trains to cover the planned increase in services .
They added that the way Network Rail creates timetables is `` simply unacceptable '' .
( Image : PA )
Stephen Trigg , of the Reigate , Redhill and District Rail Users Association , told the BBC : `` Thameslink is just failing all over the place .
`` This morning six out of 12 trains have disappeared from the timetable . That 's before any cancellations . How do people get to work ? ''
Ros Southward , who set up the Hitchin Rail Commuters Group , said there was constant `` stress and disruption '' on the Great Northern line .
`` [ I 'm ] beyond words , I do n't get it because this is supposed to have been planned for a couple of years , '' they said .
Greater Manchester mayor Andy Burnham , and Liverpool City Region mayor Steve Rotheram , raised concerns about Northern with Mr Grayling in a phone call .
Northern agreed to publish an action plan with `` clear dates and milestones '' for improvements so the company can be held to account .
The mayors said Northern should lose its franchise if improvements are not made .
Mr Grayling disclosed that they have ordered Network Rail , Northern and GTR to use `` whatever resources they need '' to resolve the situation .
A GTR spokesperson said : `` We apologise to passengers for the continued disruption linked to the introduction of the new timetable .
`` We are working on a recovery plan with rail industry partners . ''
A Network Rail spokesperson said : `` Late timetables have certainly not helped the recent events but there are many other factors across the industry involved and we are looking at understanding the root cause so that future changes can be implemented more smoothly . ''
SR 's Fab 5 column is exclusively serviced by Discount Garage Doors – the official garage door company of PewterReport.com . If you are in need of a new look for your garage doors or if you are in need of repairs , turn to Discount Garage Doors . Whether it 's a broken cable or springs or a crooked door , Discount Garage Doors can help you out . Click here for a list of locations as Discount Garage Doors services 17 Florida counties and The Villages .
Keep in mind that it 's still hurricane season . Discount Garage Doors can install hurricane reinforcement kits to help protect your garage and your home . Call 866-420-DOOR or visit DGDoors.com to view Discount Garage Doors list of services and garage doors that can be installed to improve the look of your home .
SR 's Fab 5 is a collection of inside scoop , analysis and insight from yours truly , PewterReport.com publisher and Bucs beat writer Scott Reynolds . Here are a few things that caught my attention this week at One Buc Place and around the NFL .
FAB 1 . Winston 's Primetime Woes Continue
Let 's not beat around the bush . Nick Folk 's three missed field goals cost the Buccaneers a chance to upset the New England Patriots on Thursday Night Football in Tampa Bay . The Bucs could have used those nine points in a 19-14 loss that puts the team at 2-2 on the season and snaps a six-game home winning streak dating back to last year .
Yet as bad as Folk was on Thursday night , a good deal of the blame for this loss falls on the shoulders of third-year quarterback Jameis Winston . Usually reliable tight end Cameron Brate did n't do Winston any favors with four dropped passes before catching a late fourth quarter touchdown pass . And Dirk Koetter 's helter skeltor play-calling did little to get Winston into a rhythm early .
But Winston is n't a rookie anymore . The training wheels are off and this is the kind of big-time , playoff-atmosphere game that they need to show they can consistently win before they become an elite quarterback . This is the type of game that Tom Brady , Aaron Rodgers and Ben Roethlisberger win . Heck , this is the type of game that Cam Newton won last week when they and the Carolina Panthers upset the Patriots in New England .
Winston has had a few fourth quarter comebacks , such as last year 's 17-16 win over Carolina and a 19-17 win at Kansas City , but he 's also had plenty of games where he 's fallen short in the fourth quarter . Tampa Bay 's 26-20 loss at Dallas and a 37-32 defeat at the hands of the Los Angeles Rams last season come to mind .
The Patriots game reminded me of a lot of the Rams game from a year ago – albeit with fewer points . In both games the Bucs got down into the red zone and Winston had a chance to win it with a great throw . In both games that great throw never came and Tampa Bay lost .
“ Just a bad decision on my part , ” Winston said on their final pass , which was intended for rookie tight end O.J . Howard but was thrown too soon . “ I did n't give anybody a chance . Like I said , there are two seconds on the game , the only thing that can hurt you is throwing the ball where nobody can get it and that 's what I did there . But , we 'll bounce back . It 's a learning experience for me . I 'm happy the way we fought , we battled . We never gave up . The defense played phenomenal . Offensive line protected great . The receivers caught the football . Running backs ran hard . The quarterback has to make plays to win in NFL football . Quarterback has to make plays . ”
Truer words have never been spoken from Winston .
The Bucs did n't just draft Winston in the first round in 2016 . They were the number one overall pick . Winston was the best player in the 2016 NFL Draft . It 's time for them to grow up and become a better playmaker .
Not just in crunch time , but throughout all four quarters .
You see Winston did n't lose the game on the last play . That was just the play where they did n't win the game .
Where Winston and the Bucs lost the game was in the first half when they trailed 13-7 and blew several opportunities by not converting a third down until less than two minutes remained in the third quarter . With Winston and the Bucs it was yet another maddeningly slow start in a primetime game where Tampa Bay now has a 1-4 record dating back to Winston 's rookie season in 2015 .
A first glance at Winston 's stats would make you believe that they play well in nationally televised primetime games . In their five appearances in night games Winston has completed 113-of-198 ( 57 percent ) passes for 1,424 yards with nine touchdowns and four interceptions .
On the surface it looks like Winston out-dueled Brady as the Bucs ' signal caller completed 26-of-46 passes for 334 yards ( 56.5 percent ) with one touchdown and no interceptions . But that was n't the case as 225 of Winston 's passing yards came in the fourth quarter . They only passed for 109 yards in the first three quarters and too many of their errant passes came on third downs that forced the Bucs to punt .
Therein lies the problem for Winston . He 's a notoriously slow starter in primetime games and it absolutely kills the Bucs ' chances of winning .
2015 : 31-23 Loss at St. Louis on TNF
Winston : 29-of-50 for 363 yards ( 58 percent ) with 2 TDs , 1 INT
First Half : 6-of-12 ( 50 percent ) for 49 yards
2016 : 17-14 Win at Carolina on MNF
Winston : 18-of-30 for 219 yards ( 60 percent ) with 1 TD , no INTs
First Half : 9-of-14 ( 64 percent ) for 85 yards
2016 : 43-28 Loss vs. Atlanta on TNF
Winston : 23-of-37 for 261 yards ( 62.2 percent ) with 3 TDs , no INTs
First Half : 13-of-19 ( 68 percent ) for 136 2 TDs
2016 : 26-20 Loss at Dallas on SNF
Winston : 17-of-35 for 247 yards ( 48.6 percent ) with 2 TDs , no INTs
First Half : 6-of-12 ( 50 percent ) for 81 yards , one INT
2017 : 19-14 Loss vs. New England
Winston : 26-of-46 for 334 yards ( 56.5 percent ) with 1 TD , no INTs
First Half : 8-of-16 ( 50 percent ) for 71 yards
In three of their four losses in primetime , Winston has completed just 50 percent of their passes in the first half , including Thursday night 's defeat at the hands of the Patriots . Those shaky starts have contributed to the Bucs trailing in every primetime game at the half with the exception of the Panthers game last year , which is Winston 's lone primetime win .
2015 : Bucs at Rams – Down 21-3
2016 : Bucs at Panthers – Up 6-0
2016 : Bucs vs . Falcons – Down 20-14
2016 : Bucs at Cowboys – Down 17-6
2017 : Bucs vs. Patriots – Down 13-7
In those five primetime games Winston has passed for just 422 yards with two touchdowns and one interception in the first half , yet 1,090 yards with eight touchdowns and four interceptions in the second half while trying to play catch-up . And Winston 's furious fourth quarters have only resulted in one come-from-behind win .
What I ca n't fathom is why Winston starts off so poorly in primetime games – the Falcons game from last year being the lone exception .
This was a guy that connected on 25-of-27 passes ( 92.6 percent ) for 356 yards with four touchdowns and added a rushing touchdown in their first ever college game at Florida State , beating Aaron Donald and the Pittsburgh Panthers , 41-13 on the road . Ninety-two percent !
This was a guy that strolled into Clemson as a redshirt first-year student weeks later and completed 64.7 percent of their passes , throwing for 444 yards and three touchdowns and rushing for another in a 51-14 dismantling of the Tigers in Death Valley in a nationally televised night game .
This was a guy that won the Heisman Trophy in their first year of college football and then led the Seminoles down for a game-winning touchdown drive against Auburn in the BCS National Championship . It does n't get any more primetime than that .
This was a guy that overcame three first half interceptions to throw three touchdowns and lead Florida State back to a 42-31 win at Louisville in 2014 on ESPN 's Thursday night football – with Bucs general manager Jason Licht in attendance .
Where is that guy ?
That 's the primetime player Licht and the Bucs thought they were getting in the 2015 NFL Draft .
That 's the player that Winston needs to become – like right now – under the lights , in the big games .
Part of the reason Winston struggled against the Patriots is that they changed up their defense and went away from the man coverage they played in the first four games of the season and played more zone coverage , at times only rushing three linemen and dropping eight in coverage to confuse Winston .
“ Well , they have been playing almost entirely man coverage , ” Koetter said after the game . “ We had a feeling they 'd make some changes and they mixed their zone coverages a lot more tonight . They mixed man and zone , but they gave us a lot of different looks . They dropped eight . They played a lot more two-deep , they have n't been playing very much two-deep , so that 's a good job by them . ”
But that still does n't explain them overthrowing wide-open receivers like they did twice with Doug Martin . Winston missed a golden opportunity on Tampa Bay 's first third down of the second half when DeSean Jackson used a double move to beat New England cornerback Malcolm Butler down the right sideline only to see Winston 's pass sail over their head . That would have been a big touchdown and given the Bucs a 14-13 lead – assuming of course that Folk would have made that extra point .
“ The very first drive of the third quarter , it was like a third-and-four , DeSean ran that little double move up our sideline . That 's a couple feet off – that 's a 60-yard touchdown . DeSean got on top of their guy , we 've got to hit him . ”
In order for Winston to become an elite quarterback and for the Bucs to in turn become an elite football team , that 's a throw they have to , has to , has to hit .
“ I missed them on a shot that could have been a touchdown , ” Winston said . “ Again , you 've got to play perfect . You 've got to execute . When the play is there , you have to execute the play . You ca n't miss opportunities and that 's what happened tonight – missed opportunities , a ton of them , by me . Got to get better . Got to get better . ”
Winston was disheartened at the podium has they spoke after another primetime defeat , putting the loss on their shoulders .
“ I think we fought hard , ” Winston said . “ I think we really fought hard . Our defense played great . The game could 've went either way , but at the end of the game , the quarterback has got to make a play . That 's the bottom line . You 've got to make a play at the end of the game . I ca n't really sum up [ anything ] else but that . The quarterback has to make a play . ”
He 's right .
Winston had a chance to win this game . With a 6-foot-6 tight end in Howard , the 6-foot-5 Brate and a 6-foot-5 wide receiver in Mike Evans , Winston needed to put one up like they did to former Florida State 6-foot-5 wide receiver Kelvin Benjamin to win a national title .
“ I had one [ chance ] – it was a bad ball , ” Winston said . “ You 've got to give them a chance . I had a tight end wide open – just got to give them a chance , got to give them a chance on the ball . Two seconds – got to give them a chance . ”
Where Winston can give the Bucs their best chance of winning is not in the waning minutes of the game with a heroic touchdown pass . It 's being calmer under the lights in the first half and putting up more points earlier in the game so Winston does n't have to be a late-game hero in the first place .
Jameis Winston is a good quarterback , but sometimes good is n't good enough .
It 's time for Winston to be great – especially in primetime .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Toccoa Falls-High Point Box
HIGH POINT 110 , TOCCOA FALLS 39 TOCCOA FALLS ( 0-5 )
Grayson 3-5 0-0 6 , Cave 7-17 0-0 20 , Dockery 1-4 0-0 2 , Thompson 1-6 1-2 3 , Brandenburg 0-4 1-2 1 , Newman 0-1 0-0 0 , Stanley 2-6 1-1 7 . Totals 14-43 3-5 39 .
HIGH POINT ( 4-5 )
Mutts 5-7 0-0 10 , Berlin 6-9 0-2 12 , Fox 3-3 0-0 6 , Slay 4-6 0-0 8 , Kamga 3-3 0-0 6 , C.Thomas 8-9 0-0 16 , Whitehead 2-3 2-2 6 , Vargo 3-5 1-3 9 , White 3-7 2-2 8 , Wright 3-6 8-8 15 , Gooding 5-12 0-1 14 . Totals 45-70 13-18 110 .
Halftime_High Point 65-23 . 3-Point Goals_Toccoa Falls 8-26 ( Cave 6-13 , Stanley 2-4 , Grayson 0-1 , Dockery 0-2 , Thompson 0-3 , Brandenburg 0-3 ) , High Point 7-17 ( Gooding 4-10 , Vargo 2-4 , Wright 1-1 , White 0-1 , Slay 0-1 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_Toccoa Falls 11 ( Cave 5 ) , High Point 42 ( Berlin 12 ) . Assists_Toccoa Falls 8 ( Stanley 4 ) , High Point 26 ( Wright 9 ) . Total Fouls_Toccoa Falls 17 , High Point 9 . A_1,104 ( 1,750 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
While the Planning and Zoning Commission prepares for Tuesday night 's public hearing , the applicant — Mountainside — and members of the Ridgefield Neighborhood Preservation Alliance ( RNPA ) await their turns to talk about the proposed drug rehabilitation facility on Old West Mountain Road .
Matthew Eakin , Mountainside 's executive vice president , told The Press Dec. 27 that the facility would seek professionals over the age of 40 and it would be capped to 17 beds — two major points of contention from the neighbors opposing the project who believe the facility will cater to drug-addicted youth and serve as many as 46 clients .
“ Our intention is to have a 17-bed facility . Nothing more , ” Eakin said .
“ These clients seek nothing but privacy and discretion and would go to another facility or forsake treatment if their or their confidentiality could not be assured . ”
Eakin said the project 's top priority is seclusion and that Mountainside would not alter the footprint of the home — the historic Sunset Hall mansion , which is currently on the market and listed at $ 4,750,000 .
They stressed that clients would first be treated at Mountainside 's Canaan detox center and then transferred in an unmarked car by Mountainside 's transportation team to Ridgefield .
“ The care we provide each of our clients is the type we would want our families to receive if they were ever in need . The people who work with us are treated like family and fully understand the importance of what we do , ” Eakin said . “ We see 162 Old West Mountain Road as being a private sanctuary for a select few individuals that require the privacy and seclusion it offers . ”
Property values
Gerri Lewis , the alliance 's spokesperson , said granting a special permit for a for-profit enterprise , such as Mountainside , is too large a price to pay “ for a facility that would benefit only the very elite , and not the majority of Ridgefield residents . ”
They said that a Mountainside luxury resort with clinical oversight would cost an individual $ 60,000 a month , and that insurance would not be accepted .
“ Opponents cite that statistically these types of zone changes lower property values by up to 17 % and proclaim that it is not right to take money out of the pockets of residents in favor of putting it in the pockets of a for-profit company that can be located anywhere , ” Lewis said .
Eakin said the opposition 's argument that the facility will cause property values to crater is n't true .
“ Property values in Canaan , surrounding our main facility , have actually appreciated smartly over the last 10 years . In fact , property values have appreciated much more than properties away from our facility . ”
Hesitation to buy ?
Chip Neumann of Neumann Real Estate said Eakin 's assurance that “ based on our track record , property values will not decline due to the facility ” is ringing hollow among prospective homebuyers interested in the Old West Mountain Road and Round Lake Road neighborhoods .
“ We 've already heard rumblings from people uncomfortable with going forward on home purchases they had serious interests in , ” said Neumann . “ In fact , I have a buyer from the past few days who have strong interest in a home close by but is hesitant on putting in an offer as well. ” The protection of our residential zoning laws is paramount when it comes to attracting people to Ridgefield . ”
Economic boost
Catherine Neligan , another spokesperson for the RNPA , said allowing such zone changes would not be an economic boost for the town .
“ The current tax approximates $ 89,000 , ” they said , citing Tax Assessor Al Garzi . “ Because of the tax structure it is estimated that the tax revenue to the town might not exceed the taxes being paid right now as a residence . ”
Steven Gmelin , who lives on Round Lake Road , believes Mountainside 's commitment to the Ridgefield community is shallow .
“ You can always argue that there will be more work for our contractors because Mountainside will renovate or add on . You can argue that there will be more people coming and going who might shop in town or even eat out , ” they said . “ And that would be great , so why not find a commercial location already zoned for a for-profit enterprise ? Why do this at the expense of residents who purchased their homes in good faith , believing that their greatest investment would be protected ? ”
Byron Brooks , another RNPA member , said that this is more than a ‘ not in my back yard ' issue .
“ Everyone , not just those on West Mountain Road , should be concerned about the precedent this could set . All of Ridgefield should be saying , ‘ Not in my back yard , not in anyone 's back yard , ' ” they said . “ The town 's 10-year Plan of Conservation and Development recommends that we promote business development in appropriate areas . A residential neighborhood is not an appropriate area . ”
Everyone will be heard
Arguments for and against the zone amendment will be heard by Planning and Zoning at 7:30 p.m. at East Ridge Middle School Tuesday , Jan. 3 .
According to Joanne Meder , director of planning , there will be a sign-up sheet for anyone wishing to speak and that is the order in which they will be heard .
Those who have not signed up will be invited to speak after those who are already signed up have been heard .
For more information from the alliance go to www.preserveridgefield.com
For more information from Mountainside , email [ email protected ]
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores2 <
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64 , Charlotte 50 <
Coll . of Charleston 92 , North Greenville 60 <
Cumberlands 92 , Voorhees 23 <
ETSU 94 , Hiwassee 48 <
FAU 108 , Webber 46 <
Florida St. 72 , Tulane 53 <
High Point 110 , Toccoa Falls 39 <
Piedmont 71 , Berea 60 <
Richmond 74 , James Madison 71 <
Southern Miss . 89 , Troy 71 <
UT Martin 127 , Cincinnati-Clermont 92 <
Virginia Tech 93 , Md.-Eastern Shore 40 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
U.S. Marines with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force-Crisis Response-Africa trained Senegal 's Gendarmerie in entry control points and vehicle control points during a three-week training exercise with Marines in Diamniadio , Senegal , in September 2017 . SPMAGTF-CR-AF is deployed to conduct limited crisis-response and theater-security operations in Europe and Africa . ( U.S. Marine Corps video by Staff Sgt . Rebekka S. Heite )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A college has been placed on lockdown and students have been told to stay away from windows after gun threats were made on social media .
Threats were made against two colleges in Greater Manchester on Twitter this morning and one - Tameside College in Ashton-under-Lyne - carried out an evacuation .
The 2,000-student college has been evacuated and Greater Manchester Police is at the scene as the credibility of the threat is established .
Meanwhile , Bury College - around 15 miles away - has tightened security at its campus after deciding a full-scale lockdown was not necessary .
The Manchester Evening News reports an unknown social media made the threats while posting a message welcoming students back to college today after the Easter break
One Tameside College student who was evacuated described how the lights were turned off and blinds pulled down in their classroom as music was played to soothe students .
They said : `` My tutor was called out of the classroom and was gone for quite a while . Nobody was allowed to leave the room or the building .
`` We had to turn the lights off and put the blinds down . They played music to calm us . ''
One parent outside the campus said : `` My daughter said the students have been told to stay away from the windows . ''
A Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said : `` At around 10.30am on Tuesday 18 April 2017 , police were called to reports of a threat made against a college in Tameside .
`` At 11.30am on Tuesday 18 April 2017 police were called to reports of a threat made against a college in Bury .
`` Enquiries into both are ongoing . ''
A statement on the Tameside College website said : `` This morning we received notification of a threat to Tameside College which we are action on .
`` We are in consultation with Greater Manchester Police and have implemented a lockdown of the college .
`` All students and staff are safe . ''
A Bury College spokesperson said : `` After consultation with police we have tightened security at the site but remain open as normal . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump is considering pardoning a black boxer after they were telephoned by actor Sylverster Stallone .
The Rocky actor got in touch with the US President to persuade them to pardon Jack Johnson who was the first black world heavyweight champion .
Trump tweeted following their conversation : “ Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson , ” Trump tweeted earlier today .
“ His trials and tribulations were great , their life complex and controversial .
`` Others have looked at this over the years , most thought it would be done , but yes , I am considering a Full Pardon ! ”
Stallone , the star of the Rocky movies , has been a guest at the president 's Mar-a-Lago resort .
( Image : Getty Images North America )
They are the latest to champion the cause of Johnson who was arrested in 1913 and charged with transporting a prostitute across state lines , a violation of the Mann Act .
Johnson , who held the world heavyweight title from 1908 to 1915 , shot to fame at a time when whites often killed blacks without fear of legal repercussions .
When they beat white fighter Jim Jefferies in a 1910 fight in Reno , Nevada which led to deadly race riots .
In defiance of the time they lived lavishly and dated white women .
When they were unsurprisingly convicted they said , “ They crucified Christ . Why not me ? ”
The boxer skipped bail and went to Europe but when they returned to the US in 1920 they served almost a year in jail .
The British world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis told the Guardian in 2010 that though Muhammad Ali 's “ contribution was profound , Jack Johnson 's was the first ” .
“ It was quite a story , ” Lewis said . “ I am a lover of history and it was good to look again at the sort of attitudes that were about back in those days , to see how far we have come .
“ Even though black people were , in some ways , more accepted in American culture , the promoters ' dream became to look for controversy . And Jack Johnson was the first great showman . They gave them what they wanted . Look at the time they lived .
“ It was remarkable that they were travelling the world , as a black man , getting arrested , leaving America , going to Europe . In the end they got old , like we all do , and they got knocked out by Jess Willard . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A homeless man has been found living inside a fridge behind a closed-down grocery shop in north London .
Shocking pictures show the dirty fridge in the middle of piles and piles of rubbish and abandoned furniture - along with a stained mattress and some dirty clothes .
Authorities were alerted after a street sweeper spotted clothing and food in the industrial size fridge behind the shop which has closed down
Environmental health officers confirmed that a homeless person was found living in the industrial size fridge in the back yard of the property surrounded by rubbish .
They are said to be now working with a local church to find the person accommodation .
( Image : Harrow Council WS )
The person was found on the premises of TSK Cash and Carry in Harrow , North-West London , which was previously closed after sweets were on sale `` smothered in rat poo '' , Get West London reported .
A Harrow council spokesperson said : `` A street cleaner reported someone was living there .
`` They 'd obviously been going there at night for a roof over their head .
`` Our environmental health officers went to investigate and found clothing and evidence of fresh faecal matter and foodstuffs . ''
The council will now liaise with a charity , as part of a homelessness intervention scheme , to find the homeless person a warmer , safer place to stay .
( Image : Harrow Council WS )
Cllr Graham Henson , cabinet member for environment told the Standard : “ Normally our environmental health teams take action against rogue landlords and tenants .
`` On this occasion , they are working with local street pastors to help find this homeless person a safe and warm place to live . ”
West Bay South MLA Hon . Tara Rivers wants police to crack down on drug use at West Bay Public Beach .
And police say they are bringing in some K-9 backup .
Speaking at Wednesday 's ( 31 January ) police meeting with West Bay residents , Ms. Rivers said their constituents do n't want to go to the beach because of the strong smell of marijuana being used by other beachgoers .
Police commissioner Derek Byrne said there have been covert officers at the beach , but it has not been that effective . They then said that new drug dogs will be arriving on the island in 1-2 months to help combat the problem .
“ And I know because I have experienced it personally . The really , really offensive smell of marijuana pretty much any time of the day , ” said Ms. Rivers .
“ We 've done some test purchasing in some of the locations on the Seven Mile Beach , it has limited success . The best we think , the best approach is to deal with our dogs , drug detection dogs and let them off to make an immediate detection , ” said Commissioner Byrne .
The RCIPS is working with the Department of Agriculture and Customs to bring in the drug dogs .
Each dog is expected to cost around $ 5,000 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Authorities in Florida are searching for a crew of thieves who smashed into a cell phone store , stole merchandise and made their getaway - all in less than a minute.Surveillance video shows a car backing into the front of a Metro PCS store in Orlando . Three suspects then move into the store with their faces covered as another three suspects move in and start removing things from the store . The fast-moving crew was in and out of the store in less than 60 seconds.The Orange County Sheriff 's Office said deputies discovered two nearby businesses with smashed doors . Anyone with information is being asked to call the crime tip line at 800-423-8477 .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former X Factor star Stevi Ritchie previously appeared in Celebrity Big Brother with their fiancé Chloe Jasmine Whichello .
The couple split back in October 2016 , having put their wedding on hold previously .
And , for that reason , Stevi is returning to the Channel 5 house on their own this time .
However , Stevi and Chloe shared a selfie together on Instagram this evening .
So maybe there 's still hope they can go back into CBB together ?
Stevi Ritchie facts at a glance
Age : 36
Date of birth : 17 September 1980
Birthplace : Colchester , Essex
Claims to fame : Former X Factor star
Relationship status : Single
* Celebrity Big Brother starts on Channel 5 tomorrow at 9pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When exhausted Kate Owens started suffering crippling headaches , they blamed the strain of ­being a busy parent .
But the reason was far more sinister and could have left them blind .
Now the teacher has ­relieved their agonising symptoms and saved their sight by shedding five stone .
In 2010 , Kate , 44 , was having splitting headaches , memory loss and balance problems and was taking up to eight co-codamol a day as well as ibuprofen to cope .
They thought they were worn out looking after their daughters Ffion and Menna , now aged 13 and eight .
Kate went to the opticians and was sent straight to The Royal Glamorgan Hospital , near their home in Pontypridd .
( Image : Mirrorpix.com )
They said : “ The optician did n't even finish the eye test during my routine appointment .
“ She had seen swelling behind my eye and believed it to be a brain tumour . ”
A brain scan ruled out a ­tumour but further tests showed Kate had a rare condition called idiopathic intracranial hyper-tension ( IIH ) .
Too much fluid around their brain caused intense pressure so their body acted as if it had a ­tumour . The force pressed on their eyes , causing their optic nerves to swell and bulge .
Kate was given a lumbar ­puncture , with a huge needle inserted into the base of their back , to ease the pressure in their brain . But this was a temporary fix and doctors told their weight loss was the best way to manage the condition .
At that point 5ft 8in Kate was a healthy 12st 8lb . They were an English teacher and assistant head at Tonypandy Comprehensive in the Rhondda and was able to look after their two girls .
But if they strayed from their diet the weight piled on faster than before and the pressure in their head would build up again .
( Image : BPM )
By 2016 doctors warned they were dangerously close to losing their sight . They said : “ I feared I 'd never be able to read to my girls or my students again . I was ­desperate for a long-term way to stop the awful symptoms . ”
They had so many lumbar ­punctures that they stopped counting at 60 .
They took at least a week to recover from and Kate barely moved from the sofa , which made them put on weight .
Them prayers were answered in August when , having ballooned to 16st 8lb , they had a gastric band fitted as part of a trial into ­controlling IIH .
They were back at work in September . They have lost five stone and is expected to lose another two .
They said : “ I feel like a new person . But it 's not an easy ­option . My stomach is now the size of an egg cup so I 've had to re-learn to eat all over again .
“ It 's hard but the rewards are worth it . I 've lost weight and am no longer in constant pain and recovering from punctures . ”
What is IHH ?
Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension ( IIH ) is a neurological condition where the brain acts as if there is a tumour .
The fluid around the brain that usually protects it from harm expands , increasing the pressure inside the head .
Arkansas Shakespeare Theater 's 11th season opened on the McAlister Hall Lawn with a viewing of the Shakespearean comedy , “ Love 's Labour 's Lost ” on June 9 .
Directed by Rebekah Scallet , the play is set in King Ferdinand 's Navarre , France . It details the struggle of the King 's four courtiers to choose education over love . When failing to do so , upon meeting the Princess of France and their three noblewomen , the four men set out to win over their love .
According to the Director 's note , Scallet describes “ Love 's Labour 's Lost ” as “ not your typical Shakespearean comedy. ” They wrote that it is a “ great feast of language ” that “ contains more rhyming couplets than any of Shakespeare 's other works . ”
President Houston Davis introduced AST and its season opener .
“ We are so excited about AST , ” Davis said . “ I 'm the 11th president so it is great to be able to kick off the 11th season of AST . I 'm very excited about what this troop has in store for us . ”
The play on its opening night attracted a crowd and many times throughout prompted laughter from the audience .
“ The audience seems to be responding well , ” AST 's Executive Director and UCA English professor Mary Ruth Marotte said . “ There is a lot of laughter especially with Don Armado [ Robert Gerard Anderson ] . It seems to be translating well to the audience in terms of the theme . ”
The play was chosen among three other plays because it fit the 11th season 's chosen theme “ The Power of Persuasion . ”
Other plays being performed through June and the beginning of July include “ Julius Caesar , ” “ The Taming of the Shrew ” and “ Music Man . ”
Marotte said the season 's theme was originally based off the decision to perform “ Julius Caesar . ”
“ Rebekah wanted to do ‘ Julius Caesar , ' and it was about persuasive rhetoric , ” Marotte said . “ So , they kind of thought about the role of language and how that was common in all of these plays . ”
AST 's next performance will be the premiere of “ Music Man ” at 7:30 p.m. on June 16 and 2 p.m. on June 17 at the Reynolds Performance Hall . “ Love 's Labour 's Lost ” will show soon after at 7:30 p.m. on June 17 at the McAlister Hall Lawn .
Researchers in Summerland developing models to predict firmness and flavour of fruit
PHOTO SUBMITTED CHERRY TECHNOLOGY A handheld optical spectrometer is used to take measurements on a cherry . Researchers in Summerland are using this technology to develop models to predict the firmness and flavour of the fruit after storage or shipping .
Researchers in Summerland are developing a technology to determine the quality of cherries while the fruit is still hanging on the tree .
The research work is being conducted by researchers at the Summerland Research and Development Centre , led by Dr. Peter Toivonen .
The team is working with mobile hand-held optical spectrometers to develop models to precisely gauge the quality of cherries .
An optical spectrometer is a scientific instrument that emits light and measures how much of that light reflects back to the instrument .
The reflected light depends on the chemical composition of the fruit .
This technology will also predict the firmness and flavour of the fruit after storage or shipping .
The team is working to determine the best values for fruit quality and storability for several cherry varieties including Lapins , Staccato , Sweetheart and other commercial varieties .
The researchers are also working to identify any limitation technologies before it is available to end users .
The end users — quality assurance or field service staff — will also need training before putting these devices to work in the field .
“ Being able to reliably measure the maturity and quality of cherries , without sacrificing any of that crop to sampling , will save hundreds of thousands of dollars a year on container shipment claims for the industry , ” Toivonen . said .
They added that if Canadian cherry growers canimprove their reputation for consistent high quality and flavour , they could see a 10 to 20 per cent increase on returns as a result of improved consistency in quality .
Since every container of cherries contains approximately $ 100,000 worth of fruit , an increase on returns can be significant .
“ People are doing this work in other countries , ” Toivonen said . “ If we are not part of it , we are behind . ”
Officer Tim Jones was paralyzed in a shooting two years ago . Monday night the Park Forest community celebrated them and their recovery.For Jones it 's been a long , difficult road , but Monday night , in the glow of their warm smile , the street in front of the Park Forest Police Department was renamed in their honor . `` Serving as an inspiration for many ... Tim has demonstrated integrity , resolve , and an unwillingness to give up , '' said Mayor John Ostenburg.Tim 's father , Country Club Hills Police Chief Wiliam Jones , did the honors . The three-block stretch of Lakewood Boulevard was renamed Honorary Officer Tim Jones Way. '' Gratitude . Blessings . Every day just thanking God for getting us to this point , '' Chief Jones said.The renaming came two years to the day Jones ' life changed forever . The then-24-year-old rookie cop was shot in the head while responding to a report of a burglary.Jones spent 14 months in the hospital and their recovery is still ongoing , but they hope one day to return to the police force . `` I have learned that you can not put any limits on what Tim is capable of , so I would not rule that out , absolutely , '' said Park Forest Police Chief Chirs Mannino.Tonight the words on the street sign say what everyone has known ; perseverance is the `` Tim Jones Way . `` `` If it 's God 's will , they will return to work . No doubt about it . And that 's how we feel . We 're people of faith , '' Chief Jones said.Chief Mannino said Jones ' locker remains untouched at the police station and will stay that way until he 's ready to return .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Impact Wrestling 's new leadership are visiting the UK this week during what promises to be a very exciting time for the company .
The revamped promotion 's latest episode has been billed as the beginning of a new era for the organisation , following a turbulent 2017 .
Impact 's executive committee Ed Nordholm , Scott D'Amore and Don Callis made the trip across the pond to seek out new opportunities .
The new regime has already made some big changes in just over a month in control , including overseeing the departure of several key stars .
But the team has also acquired major independent names including Brian Cage and a new Impact World Heavyweight Champion , Austin Aries .
The trio spoke to Mirror Sport 's Tony Quant about their trip to the UK , key changes within the company , reflecting on 2017 , looking forward to 2018 and much more .
What brings you all to the UK ?
Scott D'Amore ( SD ) : It 's important for us , we are wrapping up month one of a new management team and the UK has historically been such a vital part of this company 's success and we acknowledge that the UK has to play a big role in the company 's success going forward . We are here to meet with people and potential partners on the UK scene .
We already have an amazing TV partner in 5 Spike and have done many live events in the past . Doing live events in the UK is in our plans in the future . When we do re-enter the market in live events , we want to be able to make informed decisions on those things .
Are there any specific UK talents you are looking at while on your trip ?
SD : There is as much talent in UK as I think there has ever been . It 's pretty rare to see all three members of a senior management team come over together , but one of the things we are doing is seeing a bunch of events because it 's important for us to see the talent in a live environment . Because you can watch them on a computer screen and get a feel , but you certainly get a different feel in a live environment and getting to meet them .
Some talents we are meeting with and getting to know a bit and [ seeing ] how we can look to incorporate them into our product . We are looking at some UK talent ... who are they ? I guess you have to keep tuning into Impact Wrestling to find out .
Last year you made history breaking into the India market . Is that also a market which you will continue to look to build upon and grow in 2018 ?
Ed Nordholm ( EN ) : The taping in India last year was a watershed moment for the company . We were the first professional wrestling company to broadcast from India . Measured by our YouTube views we have India as our second largest market . Everybody knows it 's a great market on many levels and a market we intend to find a way to address better than we have .
SD : The days of distinct territories is over , we all exist in one territory , it 's a global one . India , UK , China , Japan are all our territories .
Looking forward , what does success look like in 2018 for Impact Wrestling ?
EN : Success for 2018 is relatively modest . Success is that we started and each week will be a little better . Aspirations are to build slowly but surely , build trust , re-establish there is a product that people can come and see . From a product perspective , I do n't think there is going to be a watershed moment , where there will be a big reveal . It 's going to be incremental successes . As we are here today , we do want to reestablish ourselves in the UK market , build on what we did last year in India , but both of those will be modest .
Don Callis ( DC ) : Globally speaking , by the end of 2018 we want the product to be a destination for wrestling fans . I do n't think it 's been that for a while quite frankly . I do n't think there has been a buzz or cool factor for the product . We are going to rely on talent and our ability to put them in the best position possible for success , so that at the end of 2018 , there is a buzz about the product . Once you have that buzz you have fan engagement and then a lot of good things can happen after that .
( Image : Impact Wrestling )
You recently announced a partnership with Twitch . While it 's still early days , what has the feedback been like from them and how have you found the response from fans on the content available via Twitch ?
EN : It 's been very strong . As you say it 's still very early days but It 's lived up to our expectations , if not exceeded them . It will be a great platform for us to distribute content and expand on the type of content we produce and make available and also provide a different style to our fans . So aside from having a monthly house style show which will be exclusive to Twitch we will also have weekly events behind the scenes with our talents . This is not straight up Wrestling content , its genuine connection with our talent in a very unique distribution platform .
Has the partnership with Twitch reduced your subscribers to your Global Wrestling Network app ?
EN : Actually quite to the contrary since the launch . The app got launched and we are encouraged by how that has been taken up . Since the Twitch channel launch I think it 's just got that little extra push into the market and we have seen the pace of take ups on the app increase . They are both very different products but both are opportunities for our fanbase to be able to see the content when they want , how they want and where they want .
One change you have implemented is breaking news as it happens at live events . The first example of this was when Austin Aries won the Impact Championship . Is this something we can expect to see more of ?
SD : I mean we are looking at it and evaluating everything . No matter what happens whether we report it or not , it 's getting out there immediately . That was such a watershed moment to us that we thought it was important for us to get out and do it . You know lots of people responded positively to it . We are going to be careful of how we put stuff out there , to be cognisant of how people like to view the show .
Given that it is a taped show , how do you respond to those who say why would they watch it , when the results are freely available weeks in advance ?
SD : I mean I think there are lots of shows that are taped and are out there . One of the things we have to do is be cognisant of how we run this company as a business . If you look at the past there was a snap decision made to get out with live shows and with all due respect , that decision led to some hard times with the company . We have to be responsible and business savvy with how we approach everything . One thing that has been proven , even with taped shows , is that if you put out compelling content , then people are going to follow it .
( Image : Impact Wrestling )
DC : When results get out , it 's not just 'so and so beat so and so ' , therefore I will not watch this because I know . The other information that gets out is that 'so and so had a kickass match with so and so ' . So it can have the total opposite effect . You do n't ever want to say wins and losses do n't mean anything , but there is a portion of the new reality of pro wrestling that is 'must see ' match , 'must see ' spot and so that 's the flipside of those results going out .
Looking at the current Impact roster , you have boosted it with really exciting names such as Austin Aries and Brian Cage . Who do you guys see as the next big names to take Impact Wrestling forward ?
DC : I think there are two versions of that in a sense . There 's one which is the obvious one and that 's the guys we have brought in who we clearly hold in high regard . But there are also people who have been here for a while , Rosemary for example , who perhaps were n't handled in the best way possible in the past . Part of our job as a creative team is to create the infrastructure and support system and promotional machine that can take that raw talent to a new level . We will look at people like Allie , Eddie Edwards and say 'what can we do to take them to the next level ? '
( Image : © Impact Wrestling )
As we wrap things up , on reflection looking back at 2017 what were the highlights for Impact Wrestling ?
EN : Where would I begin with that ? Day one we took over the operation January 1st and I am not a wrestling guy by background and we began a whirlwind tour from there . The highlights would be hard to say , whether it be the TripleMania events with Triple A and building that relationship ... In September Scott and I spent a week bromance in Tokyo . Slammiversary was a great event for Impact and being able to bring it home to Canada for Bound for Glory . I would be hard pressed to choose which what was the key highlight of a dramatic year .
You can watch Impact Wrestling every Friday from 10pm on 5 Spike .
The channel can be found on Freeview 31 , Freesat 141 , Sky 160 and Virgin Media 154 .
Find out more about the Global Wrestling Network App
Despite the underperformance , TCS shares are still the most expensive in the IT space . Photo : Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Mumbai : Shares of Tata Consultancy Services Ltd ( TCS ) , India 's largest IT firm by market value , underperformed benchmark Nifty50 index for the fourth consecutive year in 2017 . So far this year , TCS has gained 12.49 % compared to a 26.1 % rise of the 50-share index , according to data from Bloomberg .
Despite the underperformance , TCS shares are still the most expensive in the IT space . According to Bloomberg data , TCS is currently trading at a price-to-earnings ( PE ) ratio of 18.07 times , based on FY19 earnings , over 4 % lower than its five-year average PE ratio of 18.89 times .
Brokerage firm Nomura Research finds valuations of TCS to be expensive as it is not convinced on margin sustainability and expects earnings before interest and tax margins to fall to 23.9 % in fiscal year 2020 forecast from 25.7 % in fiscal year 2017 .
TCS has been under constant pressure with earnings falling below analysts ' estimates . Challenges like weak performance in the US and soft demand from clients in the banking , financial services and insurance space have eroded its business . According to analysts , BFSI ( banking , financial services and insurance ) deceleration of TCS was led by certain US clients , where relaxation in regulations not playing out led to pushback in planned initiatives .
“ Given the concentration of revenues in banking , financial services and insurance ( BFSI ) and retail ( 57 % of revenue ) , overall growth was impacted in retail , this was driven by a set of clients where there were cost-cutting pressures ( store closures , staff cost and other cost-cutting initiatives ) , which impacted demand , ” said Nomura Research in a 1 December note .
It said that slowing growth in the US , weak legacy segment growth dragging down strong digital growth over the last 12 months as the legacy segment is 80 % of revenues , and competition from Accenture are the main challenges for TCS .
Of the 52 brokers tracking the TCS stock on Bloomberg , 10 gave a “ buy ” rating as against 41 “ buy ” ratings in October 2014 when the stock touched a record high . Analyst at 12 firms asked its investors to “ sell ” the stock and 29 have a “ hold ” rating as compared with 3 and 15 , respectively , in the same period .
TCS , along with India 's IT space , has been facing headwinds as a result of protectionist policies proposed by the US . A legislation introduced in the US proposed , among other things , a 100 % pay hike for H-1B visa holders—this would automatically restrict firms from hiring low-wage workers in the US and instead hire American workers .
That along with the wider adoption of artificial intelligence , automation and cloud computing has resulted in anaemic growth and declining profitability for the industry at large , prompting companies to cut down on workforce . India 's $ 150 billion IT sector was regarded as one of the biggest job creators in the organised sector .
A similar shift in analysts ' recommendations stands true for the overall IT space . Barring Wipro Ltd , valuations of large IT companies have corrected from its five-year average price earnings of 14.93 times down to 14.3 times .
“ The sector is undergoing a phase of consolidation in the business model owing to digitalisation , artificial intelligence and cloud computing . Continuous downgrade by the large caps on their revenue guidelines is putting pressure on the outlook . The management has indicated that headwinds in the BFSI verticals have bottomed out and visibility in the spending plans will be available by the end of Q3FY18 which we believe is reasonable on long term valuation basis , ” said Saji John , IT analyst at Geojit Financial Services .
Analysts expect IT spending in India to slowdown . Spending will grow at 9 % to $ 87.1 billion in 2018 as compared with a 14.2 % growth seen over the previous year in 2017 at $ 79.8 billion .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has conceded the title to Manchester City - with 13 games left of the Premier League campaign .
Manchester United 's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham left them 15 points behind Pep Guardiola 's runaway leaders , with Mourinho conceding their side are now in a battle to be `` the first of the last '' .
United host Huddersfield tomorrow and Mourinho admitted their side now to focus their attention on ensuring they secure a top-four spot , with fifth-placed Spurs just five points behind them .
`` The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last , '' said Mourinho .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
( Image : AFP )
`` We have to try to finish second . We are in this position all season — we were first for a few weeks and then we were always second .
`` I do n't remember us being fourth , fifth or sixth . We have been there since the beginning of the season , better than last season in every aspect - points , position , number of goals scored , number of goals conceded , better in everything .
`` So we have to try to stay there and it 's not easy , because there are very good teams around us . Chelsea are champions again , and a had a fantastic market , Liverpool is a great team , Arsenal improved a lot in the market .
`` Tottenham is a fantastic team and are five points behind us , so we 're doing quite well , with some negative moments - Wednesday was one . It 's very important to do better than last season and try to win something and , if not , do better . ''
Mourinho said it was hard for them to view United 's season in a negative light , given their side would be in the title mix in any other season , were it not for City who have dropped just seven points throughout the campaign .
`` They [ City ] are doing so , so well in that they are not letting the others come close to them , it 's as simple as that , '' said Mourinho .
`` With the number of points and improvement in relation to last season , the distance would be a distance that leaves the fight open , and the fight is open for second , third , fourth , fifth and sixth , but is practically closed for the first .
`` I can not say , we , Tottenham or Chelsea is doing badly , because the points we have are very reasonable but City started strong and kept doing strong and managed to win matches they did n't deserve - I give credit - with that last push of the last minute goal , the winning goal in extra time , they managed to do that in a way where that 's the distance .
( Image : AFP )
`` If you tell me all six want to be champions and only one will be and the other five fail , I think is too pragmatic a way to look at it , because you can do positive work and not win the title . ''
Mourinho admitted Marouane Fellaini is likely to be absent for several weeks with a recurrence of a knee injury when they came on against Spurs .
`` I do n't have good news , '' said Mourinho . `` I do n't have news , because I do n't want to give news based on an initial approach , but I do n't think the news is very good .
`` He has a problem in their knee . It 's the same knee , but not the same locality . It was internal , now external , so let 's wait a couple of more days but he 's out of the game tomorrow .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
`` It 's not an ACL , a complete rupture of any structure of the knee , we are not going so far as that , but we need him .
`` The Champions League is arriving , lots of tough matches to play and probably we 're going to lose them for a few weeks . Two , three four or five , I can not say at the moment . ''
* MANCHESTER UNITED will hold a minute 's silence before kick-off on Saturday , to mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster in which 23 people – including eight players – were killed .
Mourinho said : “ It 's one of the biggest tragedies but also , at the same time , it 's a crucial point in Manchester United 's history - the reaction , the strength , the union after that situation . ”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May 's ‘ fake news unit ' amounts to little more than a handful of extra press officers in the Cabinet Office , leaked Whitehall emails have revealed .
And the announcement sparked confusion among National Security officials , who had never heard of it .
Downing Street last week announced the creation of a specialised Government team dedicated to tackling fake news and disinformation .
The new National Security Communications Unit , the Prime Minister 's spokesperson said , would be tasked with : “ combating disinformation by state actors and others .
They added : “ It will more systematically deter our adversaries and help us deliver on national security priorities . ”
Theresa May 's 'fake news unit ' announcement has itself been branded 'fake news '
But emails seen by the Mirror reveal the announcement sparked chaos in Whitehall , with National Security officials confused that Number 10 was announcing a new team they 'd never heard of .
Labour deputy leader Tom Watson said : “ You could n't make it up - it turns out the government made it up .
“ It 's not a fake news unit , it 's a fake announcement . If Theresa May wants to combat disinformation , they should start with their own office . ”
( Image : Paul Davey / SWNS.com )
After the announcement , senior National Security civil servants sought to reassure colleagues that in the media briefing a small increase in staffing had been conflated with cross-government work on fake news and disinformation , which had already been planned for a National Security review in the Spring .
The official assures colleagues : “ The recommendation that we have consistently outlined in the report is the same as we agreed . Nothing new . ”
A Cabinet Office spokesperson said last night : “ Any suggestion of the numbers or make-up of this unit is purely speculation . ”
A Government spokesperson added : “ The Government is committed to tackling disinformation . We will build on existing capabilities by creating a dedicated National Security Communications unit and the NSCR will set out further details when published ''
Shares traded as much as 56 percent down amidst lower-than-expected turnover and the departure of chief executive Chris Tsu
Shares in Micro Focus International , the UK 's largest tech company , dropped in value by as much as half in afternoon trading on Monday after the company announced a greater than expected fall in revenues and said its chief executive would leave the company .
The FTSE 100-listed company saw its shares close 42 percent lower , having traded as much as 56 percent below their opening price during the course of the day .
Micro Focus said turnover for fiscal 2018 is set to be down 6 to 9 percent , rather than the 2 to 4 percent it had earlier forecast .
It said the drop was due to difficulties integrating the software division of HP Enterprise ( HPE ) , which Micro Focus bought for £6.8 billion in a deal that was completed last September .
Chief executive departure
The acquisition incidentally saw it acquire scandal-hit UK software firm Autonomy , which had earlier been acquired by HPE .
As part of that deal , Chris Hsu , who formerly led the HPE software unit , became Micro Focus ' chief executive , but the firm said Hsu is now leaving the company with immediate effect to “ spend more time with their family and pursue another opportunity ” .
Current chief operating officer Stephen Murdoch is to take over the chief executive role .
Micro Focus ' executive chairperson , Kevin Loosemore , said they remained confident in the company 's long-term strategy .
“ ( We have ) no regrets… but the returns clearly may be delayed slightly , ” Loosemore told Reuters .
The company said its cost savings drive is ahead of schedule and it expects this to offset other losses .
Would a rose by any other name smell just as sweet ? Decide for yourself with our tech company name quiz !
Leamington will kick off their 2018/19 National League North campaign with a trip to newly promoted Altrincham on August 4 .
It is one of seven games in a busy first month for Paul Holleran 's side , with Boston United the first visitors to the Phillips 66 Community Stadium the following Tuesday .
The trip to York City , scene of last season 's survival celebration , comes on November 10 , while Boxing Day will see a visit to Brackley , with the return fixture on New Year 's Day .
Supporters will have to wait until March 9 for the eagerly anticipated trip to Chester City , while the season concludes on April 27 with an away fixture at Darlington .
AUGUST
Sat 4 Altrincham A
Tue 7 Boston United H
Sat 11 Bradford PA H
Tue 14 Hereford A
Sat 18 Guiseley H
Sat 25 FC United Of Manchester A
Mon 27 AFC Telford United H
SEPTEMBER
Sat 1 Stockport County A
Sat 8 Spennymoor Town H
Sat 15 Blyth Spartans A
Sat 22 Emirates FA Cup 2Q
Sat 29 Ashton United A
OCTOBER
Sat 6 Emirates FA Cup 3Q
Sat 13 Curzon Ashton H
Sat 20 Alfreton Town ( FAC4Q ) A
Sat 27 Darlington H
Tue 30 Kidderminster H
NOVEMBER
Sat 3 Nuneaton Borough A
Sat 10 York City ( FAC1R ) A
Sat 17 Chester H
Sat 24 FA Trophy 3Q
DECEMBER
Sat 1 Southport ( FAC2R ) A
Sat 8 Chorley H
Sat 15 FA Trophy 1R
Sat 22 FC United Of Manchester H
Wed 26 Brackley Town A
Sat 29 AFC Telford United A
JANUARY
Tue 1 Brackley Town H
Sat 5 Guiseley ( FAC3R ) A
Sat 12 Stockport County H
Sat 19 Boston United A
Sat 26 Altrincham H
FEBRUARY
Sat 2 Bradford Park Avenue A
Sat 9 Hereford H
Sat 16 Blyth Spartans H
Sat 23 Spennymoor Town A
MARCH
Sat 2 York City H
Sat 9 Chester A
Sat 16 Southport H
Sat 23 Chorley A
Sat 30 Ashton United H
APRIL
Sat 6 Curzon Ashton A
Sat 13 Alfreton Town H
Sat 20 Kidderminster A
Mon 22 Nuneaton Borough H
Sat 27 Darlington A
Fixtures are subject to change .
Sam Donnellon is a Flyers beat writer for the Daily News and Inquirer . Their career has spanned four decades and has taken them all over the world . Prior to joining the Daily News in 1992 , they worked as a national writer for the short-lived but highly acclaimed National Sports Daily . They have received state and national awards at each stop and has been honored repeatedly by the Associated Press Sports Editors , the National Sportswriters and Sportscasters Association , the National Association of Black Journalists , and the Associated Press Managing Editors .
Depending on what part of this season you play them , the Flyers are either the team you would love to see in the playoffs or one you would be glad to avoid .
For most of the two weeks prior to Saturday night , and really , including the first part of it , they were the former version , a team with a chaotic defense corps and suspect goaltending , a team that received most of its offense from four players , and was lacking in mental toughness . Seven losses in eight games had muted talk of first place in favor of a more panicky narrative .
Then came a third period in Carolina on Saturday night in which two players not in that top four – Val Filppula and Michael Raffl — scored in a four-goal outburst . Followed by Sunday 's 6-3 victory over first-place Washington , in which the Flyers star ' of tomorrow had a day .
Oskar Lindblom 's first NHL goal ; Travis Konecny 's gladiator efforts ( two blocked shots , a high stick followed by a fight ) ; Travis Sanheim 's steady hand on defense . Shayne Gostisbehere and Ivan Provorov found the net too . Even enigmatic Jordan Weal dropped a nice hint , popping loose a puck from two Capitals players to facilitate Wayne Simmonds ' second goal , which provided a three-goal lead with less than six minutes remaining .
When it looks like this , it looks as if the Flyers could make some noise in the playoffs . When it looks like this , with players from all four lines contributing and the goalie kicking out a few too , they look like a team that can go places this spring . Heck , even Matt Read figured in this one , playing goalie with Radko Gudas to keep a puck that had flipped behind goaltender Petr Mrazek from entering the net .
But the brightest beacon was the 21-year-old Lindblom , whose first-ever NHL goal recovered a lost lead late in the first period and set the table for what followed . Lindblom 's chances since they joined the team 14 games ago has been somewhat of a bellwether for this team . They did everything right except push the puck into the net , including keeping their cool as their near-misses accompanied losses .
“ I do n't remember the game last week , but they had a great opportunity off a rebound at net front , '' Flyers coach Dave Hakstol said after Sunday 's victory . “ That was the first time I saw a little bit of frustration creep in , where they let it show . ''
The coach kept telling them to do what they do . Go to the net . Be strong on pucks . Players , especially linemate Jake Voracek , did too . Teammates such as goalie Alex Lyon , whom they spent much of this season playing with at Lehigh Valley , even gave them some well-intentioned ribbing . “ That 's what guys do , '' Hakstol said , after disclosing that . “ Otherwise things get a little bit too tight . ''
Oh , things were tight , all right . Lindblom and Nolan Patrick did some good work to set up Voracek with the second goal Saturday night . That was their first assist , and Hakstol thought it might have led to Sunday 's goal , a wrist shot on a rolling puck that found a tiny bit of space over Caps goaltender Philipp Grubauer 's right shoulder .
“ I saw it the whole way , '' said Lindblom . “ And I do n't think I could understand that it went in at first . It was a great feeling . But it was also relief .
“ I blacked out a little bit . ''
On the bench moments later , the top of their helmet was hit at least two dozen times . Some guys got in two . It was n't just Lindblom who felt relief . Imagine if , over the next nine games , the Flyers reestablish themselves as a team that can roll four lines of pressure at you . Imagine if , between Lyon and Mrazek , they get the kind of goaltending that Brian Elliott was giving them before their untimely injury . Imagine if Elliott can return to the lineup in that form in time for the playoffs .
Imagine if Patrick continues to make plays , win faceoffs , and put up points as a second-line center , Konecny and Simmonds continue to make that third line a force to be reckoned with . Imagine Weal finding their game again , something that they at least hinted at over this four-point weekend .
Then do you really want to see this team in the first round ? Your veteran team feeling the grind of the 82-game schedule just as the Flyers ' kiddie corps begins to reap the rewards of its season-long trials ?
In the dressing room afterward , Konecny showed no ill effects from their night . No ice on a leg that had taken two slap shots in two shifts . No cuts from the high stick they received from T.J. Oshie . No bandage on the hand they cut on Oshie 's helmet in the fight that followed .
Nice to be 21 .
“ Awesome , '' Simmonds mumbled through a swollen mouth vacated of front teeth . “ Great to see . I kept telling him , that 's what winners are made of . That 's the type of effort we 're going to need out of every single guy in this dressing room . ''
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Date Taken : 05.29.2018 Date Posted : 05.30.2018 15:48 Category : Newscasts Audio ID : 52260 Filename : 1805/DOD_105686481.mp3 Length : 00:18:15 Year 2018 Genre Blues Location : VA , US
Web Views : 3 Downloads : 0 High-Res . Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work , The Reflective Belt Chief Batten Full Interview , by SSgt Levi J Reynolds , identified by DVIDS , must comply with the restrictions shown on https : //www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright .
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Luis Suarez 's second half header gave Barcelona a one-goal lead over Valencia in the Copa del Rey semi-final ahead of next week 's second leg .
The first half was a tight affair as Valencia set up to try and get a draw to take home to Mestalla .
The breakthrough eventually came in the 66th minute when Jordi Alba and Lionel Messi worked their way in down the left , with the latter scooping a cross to Suarez at the back post , who dived in to head home .
Here are the five key talking points…
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
1 . Coutinho brings Barcelona spark
Despite being the club record signing , Ernesto Valverde is giving Philippe Coutinho no privileges .
Brought on in the 58th minute from the bench , the coach showed the Brazilian they will have to play their way into contention rather than just waltzing into the side .
Coutinho brought Barcelona to life , putting the cat among the pigeons in the Valencia defence , which instantly looked less sure of themselves than before .
( Image : REUTERS )
Although Coutinho 's presence was not directly necessary for Suarez 's opener , after they were introduced the game opened up and that helped Barcelona create more chances .
The Brazilian saw a long-range strike beaten away by Jaume Domenech too—one of their goals will be to help Barcelona increase their scoring rate from long distance .
2 . Suarez slower , but still scoring
Luis Suarez celebrated their 31st birthday last week and it 's impossible to deny that their age has taken a toll on their physical attributes .
The Uruguayan is no longer as fast as they are , as Messi and Coutinho have found out with through-balls that were expertly placed but ran too far ahead of the striker .
However to make up for it , he 's causing extra havoc with their bodyweight in the box .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Suarez left Valencia defenders on the deck multiple times , using their powerful backside to bounce them away from him .
The battler got their rewards in the 66th minute , when they flung themselves through the air to head home Messi 's lofted cross to the back post .
That was their 16th goal in 16 games and right now there is no centre forward more deadly in world football .
3 . Rain , rain , go away
Camp Nou officially had 50,959 spectators for this game but it looked like fewer .
The grand old stadium was half full for a cup semi-final , which is ludicrous , especially when you consider Messi was playing .
Now 30 , any chance you get to savour the Argentine playmaker in the flesh must be taken .
( Image : REUTERS )
So why did so few people show up ? This was the second worst attendance of the season .
Although by kick-off the skies were clear , Barcelona endured heavy rain on Thursday .
Obviously in England that would n't dissuade anybody from going to the game , but the Catalans are used to far more pleasant weather — and a lot the stadium does not have shelter from the elements .
Between that , high ticket prices , a 9.30pm kick-off , and the fact that the key part of this game will not take place until next week at Mestalla thanks to the cup 's outdated format , the shoddy attendance can be explained .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
4 . Semedo snub
Ernesto Valverde is finding it hard to make up their mind over Nelson Semedo .
The Portuguese defender comes and in out of their plans and is frequently substituted when they are given a start .
On this occasion Semedo was left out of the squad entirely , with Sergi Roberto given their spot at right-back and Aleix Vidal used on the wing .
It nearly ended in disaster for Roberto after a high , late tackle on Andreas Pereira in a sensitive area which left the Valencia midfielder in pain on the floor .
Referee Jose Maria Sanchez Martinez booked Roberto and on another day it might have been a red card .
5 . Promising Pereira
The Manchester United loanee was impressive on the left side of midfield for Valencia , giving Roberto more problems than in any other game he 's played this season .
The Brazilian , 22 , is not a fixture in Marcelino 's side but the coach trusts them to perform , as they did here , and they have been useful in Los Che 's rise to third in La Liga and the Copa del Rey semi-final .
( Image : AFP )
It 's clear he 's ready for Premier League football , although with Manchester United boasting various attacking options , including new boy Alexis Sanchez , they may never get the chance to shine at Old Trafford .
Unfortunately they were kicked out of this game — Marcelino had to replace them with Maksimovic at half-time after Roberto 's heavy challenge left them in pain .
The Dell Latitude 12 7202 might have an old processor , but a deep discount scheme combined with a plethora of accessories and parts mean that this rugged tablet is well and truly a bargain .
The Dell Latitude 12 Rugged Tablet 7202 is not your standard slate – the device is targeted at those who usually slave away on an oil exploration project or work in the Amazonian tropical rainforest ( as a biologist maybe ) .
It is designed to be dropped , bashed about , and generally undergo all sorts of treatment that would pretty much be guaranteed to destroy any consumer-grade tablet . As such , this is no ordinary slate and should n't carry the same expectations as your average model .
That 's also probably why Dell has yet to release a new version – this one has been around for nearly two years and is still being sold despite having a Broadwell-based processor .
Longer product cycles ensure that platforms mature slowly , especially as the capital investments involved are often an order of magnitude bigger compared to the consumer market .
To say that this is a solid tablet would be a massive understatement ; it has been designed and manufactured to withstand extreme conditions .
It has IP65 , MIL-STD-810G and IP-810G certifications ( rather than merely meeting the standards in laboratory tests ) , and these prove that the Latitude 12 7202 has a thick skin and should give other rugged tablets like the Xplore R12 ( iX125 R1 ) or the Getac RX10 a run for their money .
At 312 x 203 x 24mm , it is fairly large for a tablet with an 11.6-inch display , while its weight – 1.79kg with two 2-cell 26Whr hot-swappable batteries – puts it in the ‘ mildly-transportable ' category ( as opposed to easily portable ) . You can only operate this device at arm 's length for only a short time before experiencing muscular discomfort ( although your mileage may well vary ) .
The Latitude 12 is built mostly to withstand harsh environments , not win design contests , which explains a lot of pragmatic/functional decisions made by Dell .
There are massive rubber bumpers on the corners and the rubber enclosure itself is a couple of centimetres thick in order to protect the screen , arguably the most fragile component . The latter is also protected by the use of Gorilla Glass 3 technology in its construction .
Look around the tablet and you will find that most ports are covered with rubber flaps to prevent damage . Opening and closing them will be an issue if you wear gloves and it is worth noting that they ca n't be locked . Dell also used a patented HZO liquid protection technology to stop water from killing your tech .
Default ports include USB 3.0 , micro-serial port , mini-HDMI , microSD card reader , an audio combo connector and the power connector , which can be used with other compatible 45W Dell laptop power adaptors ( like the one on the 2015 edition of Dell 's XPS 13 ) .
Given the varied markets the Latitude 12 is expected to operate in , the tablet has an extensive range of connectors as well , including POGO-pin ports for a docking keyboard and a modular expansion pack .
A FIPS 201-certified smart card reader ( with a nifty unit conversion cheat card ) , a fingerprint reader with TPM ( v1.2 ) , Bluetooth 4.0 , Dual RF pass-through ( Wi-Fi and mobile broadband ) , NFC , a 4G/LTE modem and 802.11ac Wi-Fi complete the list of connectivity options .
Note also the presence of air vents to cool the device . Even if that sounds counterintuitive given the rugged nature of this tablet , these slits does n't prevent it from being reasonably water-resistant . Dell uses a proprietary fan-based thermal management system that combines both passive and active cooling to keep the slate cool .
During our hands-on time with the device , the fan did work for reasonably long spells and we noticed that the tablet warmed up significantly , especially under load .
As expected , all the physical buttons ( power , Windows , volume up/down , three programmable buttons and auto-rotate ) require far more pressure to register than traditional tablets out there . Not only does that prevent accidental inputs , it also makes them easier to work with gloves . We further appreciated the fact that pressing the buttons causes the device to buzz and vibrate , so you know they 've been pressed .
The tethered stylus slots nicely in the body of the tablet . It 's not as stylish as the active models , but at least you do n't have to charge it regularly and the pen will work regardless of the immediate environment .
At the heart of the Dell Latitude 12 7202 is the Broadwell-based Intel Core M-5Y71 CPU , a dual-core processor with a tiny 4.5W TDP and a base clock speed of 1.2GHz . It can overclock to 2.5GHz and down-clock to 800Mhz . The graphics subsystem is Intel 's HD Graphics 5300 .
Our sample came with 8GB of dual-channel LPDDR3 1600MHz memory and a 128GB SSD ( an M.2 2280 model from Lite-On ) which was half full . There are two cameras with the front one sporting an interesting flap that allows the user to physically obstruct the lens .
The display , a glove-capable 11.6-inch 10-point multi-touch resistive screen , has a 1366 x 768 pixel resolution which is low , but this can be explained by the fact that , in the markets targeted by the Latitude 12 , accuracy and battery life are far more important than the need to cram in as many pixels as possible .
The screen is not as bright as one would expect , although it does a decent job outside thanks to its matte finish . The tablet runs Windows 10 Pro and carries Dell 's solid three-year ProSupport and Next Business Day On-Site Service as default .
Oddly , while Dell included a full array of its own applications ( Data Protection , Backup and Recovery , Rugged Control Center etc ) , there were also a couple of surprising additions like Deezer and Candy Crush Soda Saga ; hardly enterprise-grade applications .
In use , the older Broadwell processor posted a decent score in our benchmark testing , although one can only wonder what a Kaby Lake upgrade might bring to the tablet ( for a hint , check out the Xplore R12 which boasts a far faster Core i7-7500U Kaby Lake CPU ) .
The storage could also use an upgrade from a 128GB SSD . The limited capacity and lack of free space could explain why the Lite-On drive performs poorly on CrystalDiskMark and Atto in write tests ( as opposed to read ) .
As for the battery life , the Latitude 12 7202 managed 4 hours 26 minutes with 27 % battery left on our standard test ( streaming a YouTube count-up video with brightness set to 50 % ) . Extrapolating that number , one can expect the tablet to last just over six hours .
Early verdict
Dell sells the Latitude 12 7202 with two batteries for £1,599 ( around $ 2,040 , AU $ 2,700 ) excluding VAT and delivery . Options worth mentioning include a self-encrypted drive , a desktop dock , kickstand , keyboard cover with a kickstand , an extended IO module and a scanner module .
Compared to the competition , this is almost a bargain although we suspect that Dell is currently doing a bit of a clear-out – the device carries an official SRP of £2,284 ( around $ 2,920 , AU $ 3,860 ) .
There are some issues here , as we 've discussed – like a small SSD and an older-generation CPU – but these flaws ca n't distract from the value proposition represented by this tablet at the current price .
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Leak Detection Dyes Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Leak Detection Dyes market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are W W GraingerInc , Chromatech Incorporated , Highside Chemicals , Tracer Products , Abbey Color , Spectroline , Spectroline . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Leak Detection Dyes Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-leak-detection-dyes-market/10370/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Leak Detection Dyes market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Leak Detection Dyes market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Leak Detection Dyes Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Leak Detection Dyes . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Leak Detection Dyes in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Oil Soluble Leak Detection Dyes , Water-Soluble Leak Detection Dyes .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Automotive Industry , HVAC Industry , Others .
Key Highlights Of The Leak Detection Dyes Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-leak-detection-dyes-market/10370/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Leak Detection Dyes new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Leak Detection Dyes market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Leak Detection Dyes industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Perth : Former Test batsman Adam Voges has replaced Justin Langer as the new head coach of Western Australia and the Perth Scorchers , officials said Thursday .
The 38-year-old , a former WA captain who led the Scorchers to two of their three Big Bash League titles , takes over from Langer , who is now in charge of the national team .
Voges , who played 20 Tests , scoring 1,485 runs at 62 , including five centuries , finished their 15-year playing career after this season 's BBL .
`` We already have strong foundations in WA and I 'm looking forward to building on them , the values , the structures and the people are all excellent , '' they said .
`` The high-performance staff are some of the best in the country , even in the world . ''
Voges also had English county stints with Hampshire , Nottinghamshire and Middlesex along with a spell in the Indian Premier League with the Rajasthan Royals .
Toronto Waterfront 10k
Toronto Waterfront 10k
It 's about more than miles . On June 17 , 2017 thousand runners will hit the streets of Toronto . The course will run through the heart of the city , along the lakeshore and finishing with a party at the Bandshell Park at Exhibition Place . Join the journey .
Click here for more info
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's United Nations World Elder Abuse Awareness Day today and to mark the event here 's ­someone who knows all about abusing the elderly .
Dawn McIntosh has walked free from court despite stealing £18,000 from a relative with dementia .
They might consider themselves lucky to have got away with a suspended sentence .
Or maybe they think she 's unlucky that the case got as far as court , because research shows that ­criminals who target the elderly are far less likely to be convicted than ones who target victims because of race , their sexual orientation or ­disability .
Racially motivated crime has a conviction rate of about 20 % of offences recorded by the police .
Given that not all offences are reported , the conviction rate is put at about 10 % of the estimated ­prevalence of race crime .
For homophobic crime the figure is a 4 % , which is depressing enough .
Yet for crimes against the elderly , the figure is a jaw-­dropping 0.7 % .
Put another way , if you ­deliberately target someone because of the colour of their skin , you 've got roughly a one in 10 chance of getting a ­criminal record .
If you pick on someone because of their age , the chances are well below one in a hundred , figures from the charity Action on Elder Abuse show .
Its chief executive Gary Fitzgerald said : “ These figures come from robust academic research funded by Comic Relief and the Department of Health into the prevalence of the different types of elder abuse in our communities , such as physical abuse and financial crime .
“ Our research suggests that even though hundreds of thousands of older people will be victims of some sort of crime each year , there are shockingly few convictions . The evidence points to clear institutional ageism , with too many crimes being seen as a social problem instead of a criminal one . ”
Mr Fitzgerald wants abuse of the elderly to be treated as a hate crime .
That should make it more likely that slimeballs like Dawn McIntosh get jailed . Derby crown court heard last month how they defrauded their sick stepfather after being granted power of attorney .
“ It is clear to me that you were fully aware what you were up to and thought you were probably going to get away with it , ” Recorder Allan Mainds told them
But 53-year-old McIntosh from Mickleover , Derbys , was given an 18-month suspended jail sentence after the court heard that they worked in a hospital and had admitted the fraud .
( Photo : Daily Post Wales )
In another recent case , a jury took less than an hour to convict supposed carer Jenna Roberts of stealing £2,670 from two people in their late seventies .
Caernarfon crown court heard how the 32-year-old from Denbigh , north Wales , used their bank cards to withdraw money to pay off their debts .
Judge Tracey Lloyd-Clarke said : “ You targeted two very vulnerable people and you continued to steal from one of them even after you knew you had been discovered and sacked . ”
Jenna Roberts was jailed for just nine months .
“ Commit a crime against someone because of their race , and you can expect a tough sentence , ” says Mr Fitzgerald .
“ Commit a crime against someone because of their age and you will probably get little more than a slap on the wrist .
“ This needs to change . The impact of the crime can be far greater and in some instances it can lead to ­admission into care or even death .
“ This needs to be recognised in law . ”
Feb. 2 ( UPI ) -- President Donald Trump on Friday threatened to withhold U.S. aid to countries south of the border if they do n't stop drugs from coming north into the United States .
They made the comments during a tour of the Customs and Border Protection National Training Center in Sterling , Va .
`` I want to stop the aid . If they ca n't stop drugs from coming in , 'cause they can stop them a lot easier than us . They say , 'oh we ca n't control it . ' Oh great , we 're supposed to control it , '' Trump said . `` So we give them billions and billions of dollars , and they do n't do what they 're supposed to be doing , and they know that . But we 're going to take a very harsh action . ''
Acting Commissioner of CBP Kevin McAleenan said the United States has seen an increase of fentanyl , cocaine , heroin and methamphetamines coming across the borders , as well as families and unaccompanied minors .
`` We want strong borders . We want to give you laws . We want to stop the catch and release nonsense that goes on . You catch somebody and you release them . You know they 're bad , '' Trump said . `` They 're pouring in from El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , all over . They 're just pouring into our country . ''
This is n't the first time Trump has complained about El Salvador by name . In January , Trump faced backlash for questioning why the United States ca n't have more immigrants from places like Norway and fewer from places like El Salvador , Haiti and African nations .
`` Why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here ? '' Trump said , according to lawmakers attending an Oval Office meeting with them about immigration .
`` These countries are not our friends , you know , '' Trump added Friday . `` We think they 're our friends , and we send them massive aid , and I wo n't mention names right now , '' they said . `` But I look at these countries , I look at the numbers we send them , we send them massive aid and they 're pouring drugs into our country and they 're laughing at us . ''
Get Weekly Travel updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Air New Zealand has become the first airline in the world to offer its passengers a vegan burger as part of its in-flight menu .
The airline will be serving up the award-winning , plant-based Impossible Burger on its flights - but not everyone will get to tuck in .
That 's because initially the burger is only being rolled out on the airline 's Los Angeles to Auckland routes - and even then , only as part of the Business Premier menu until late October .
Still , it marks a step in the right direction , especially for vegans who know the struggle of trying to find plane food that works for your dietary requirements .
( Not to mention you wo n't need to contact the airline in advance for a special meal ) .
The new Impossible Burger is made from an iron-containing molecule called heme , from the roots of soy plants .
( Image : Moment RF )
It 's the same heme found in animal meat , meaning the burger itself will cook , smell and taste like beef - but it will contain no animal products whatsoever .
Air New Zealand 's Inflight Customer Experience Manager Niki Chave explained that they 'd been following the work of Impossible Foods for a while so a collaboration was a natural fit .
They said : `` Like Impossible Foods , we are committed to offering our customers a fresh and innovative approach to cuisine .
`` We 're incredibly excited about this partnership and the opportunity to offer our Business Premier customers travelling from Los Angeles to Auckland a delicious plant-based option that tastes just like the real deal .
( Image : AFP )
`` We 're confident vegetarians , flexitarians and dedicated meat lovers alike will enjoy the delicious taste of the Impossible Burger , but for those who want to stay with the tried and true it will sit alongside our regular selection of menu items prepared by our talented culinary team and consultant chefs . ''
Impossible Foods CEO and Founder Dr. Patrick O . Brown added : `` We launched with high-credibility , innovative chefs known for their delicious burgers , so it 's no coincidence our first airline partner has been named Airline of the Year for five straight years .
`` The Impossible Burger is available in nearly 2,500 restaurants throughout the United States and now Air New Zealand will help us take the Impossible Burger to even greater heights . ”
ATHENS , Greece ( AP ) — Greeks “ need to see a light at the end of the austerity tunnel , ” the European Union 's financial affairs chief said Wednesday during a visit to discuss the country 's slow-moving negotiations with its international bailout creditors .
Pierre Moscovici said they were “ hopeful ” about Greece 's prospects , as they met with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras . They noted Greece 's economy had grown modestly recently .
Tsipras ' left-led government hopes to conclude much-delayed negotiations by Monday 's meeting of eurozone finance ministers on spending cuts and reforms demanded by European creditors and the International Monetary Fund . Without a deal , it ca n't get the next batch of rescue loans .
Moscovici told Tsipras they believed efforts were required “ from all sides ” to reach an agreement , but that they were optimistic . The European commissioner met earlier with Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos .
Advertisement
An agreement between Greece and its creditors would also make the country eligible for the European Central Bank 's bond-buying stimulus program . That would lower Greece 's government borrowing rates and ease its way to tapping bond markets again later this year .
But Athens refuses to introduce new austerity measures , and next week 's meeting of eurozone finance ministers is not expected to provide a full breakthrough in the talks .
Greece has depended on international bailouts since 2010 . In return for billions of euros in rescue loans , successive governments have had to overhaul the economy , imposing repeated tax hikes and slashing spending , including salaries and pensions . The crisis has wiped more than a quarter off the Greek economy , and left unemployment hovering at 23 percent .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Very.co.uk remains a favourite among shoppers looking to get all their fashion and household items in one place .
As well as hundreds of discounts on fashion , home and electrical appliances , the retailer is also offering parents some much-needed savings on the dreaded school uniform shop ahead of the start of term next month .
Shoppers who spend £25 or more on uniform items can get 15 % off on selected back to school coats or shoes .
It 's simple to redeem online - just add £25 worth of eligible items to your basket , add your chosen coat or shoes and the discount will automatically get added to your purchase .
Read on for more details on money saving hacks to remember when shopping at Very.co.uk .
What 's in our guide :
Best sale deals and offers - or browse the Very offers page here . The latest cashback offers - or head directly to cashback sites Quidco or TopCashback . Delivery details and fees .
1 . Top Very sale deals
If you 're after a bargain from Very , check the offers section on the website for an overview of all the latest deals or have a browse below if you 're looking for a bargain .
Plus it is always worth keeping an eye out for all the latest discount codes from the brand by searching voucher code sites like : Savoo , Voucherbox or HotUKdeals .
Price crash on tech and electrical items
( Image : HP )
If you 're getting the kids ready for the start of a new school year , or sending your teens off to uni this September , you may be considering investing in a new laptop , tablet or smartphone to help get them ready .
Which is why Very.co.uk 's latest price crash on tech and electrical items could n't of come at a better time . There are reductions of up to 30 % off a wide range of top brands from HP to HTC , so you can pick up the best deals on the latest models .
Extra 10 % off half price home and furniture items
( Image : Very )
Moving house or redecorating can be both costly and time consuming , luckily the online retailer has made the former less of an issue by offering an additional 10 % off selected half price furniture and home items . Double discount has never looked so appealing !
1/3 off outdoor toys
( Image : Getty )
Make the most of the final bit of sunshine for the year and turn your outdoor space into a have for your little ones .
There 's currently a third off selected outdoor toys , ranging from simple slides to huge trampolines and prices start from as little as £10 .
2 . The latest cashback deals
( Image : Getty Images/Fuse )
As well as looking out for discount codes , shoppers can find out about forthcoming offers , sales and special promotions from the brand 's newsletters or Twitter and Facebook social channels .
Cashback sites are a great way to earn additional cash on purchases you 're going to make anyway .
Joining a cashback site like Quidco or Topcashback is free and simple to set up .
3 . How do I get free delivery ?
( Image : Getty )
The easiest way to avoid paying costly delivery charges is to opt for the brand 's free click and collect service .
Standard delivery is normally charged at £3.99 , whilst nominated delivery options cost £6.99 . Delivery of larger white goods and furniture does vary so check the details here .
Washington : Steve Scalise , the senior Republican lawmaker seriously wounded in Wednesday 's shooting at a baseball practice near Washington , is a hardline conservative who opposes abortion , immigration and gun control , and who cleared numerous hurdles to become the number three House Republican .
The 51-year-old member of congress from Louisiana was in critical condition after surgery at a Washington hospital for a gunshot wound to the hip . Three other people were shot , and two more suffered minor injuries .
The attacker later died of injuries sustained in a shootout with police .
Scalise is considered a rising star in President Donald Trump 's Republican Party , a gregarious lawmaker who headed a conservative grouping in Congress before being elected by their peers as the House majority whip .
The whip is the member of leadership who ensures discipline and makes sure the party has enough votes , particularly on key issues .
They have been seen as a bridge between the stark conservatives in the caucus , many of whom swept into office in the past seven years , and more traditional establishment Republicans .
Scalise had to face down demands for their resignation in 2014 after admitting to addressing a gathering with ties to Ku Klux Klan former leader David Duke , a scandal which complicated the party 's effort to distance itself from the spectre of white nationalism . Scalise apologized , saying “ it was a mistake I regret . ”
But the issue for which Scalise has made no apology is gun control . They are a fierce supporter of the National Rifle Association , which gives them an A+ rating , and has voted repeatedly to expand gun rights in the United States . Scalise “ will continue fighting to protect every citizen 's Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms , ” their website says .
Last month , Scalise , who has described the constitutional right to bear arms as “ incredibly sacred , ” introduced legislation that would relax restrictions on interstate firearm sales , making it easier for law-abiding citizens to buy guns .
They have routinely opposed gun control legislation , even taking to the House floor in a controversial speech criticizing activists in April 2013 , just four months after 20 elementary school children and six adults were shot dead in Newtown , Connecticut .
“ We were all shocked and saddened by the murders at Sandy Hook . But I think what 's also disappointing , is when you have these tragedies , unfortunately there are people — Washington politicians — that try to take advantage of those tragedies to then come behind and try to impose their agenda , ” they said at the time .
Scalise was born in New Orleans and graduated from Louisiana State University . They worked as a software engineer and marketing executive before being elected to the Louisiana state House of Representatives in 1995 .
After a brief stint as a state senator , they headed to Washington after winning election in 2008 for the congressional seat vacated by Bobby Jindal , who became the Louisiana governor . Scalise rose rapidly through the ranks , and quickly made a name for themselves on conservative issues .
In their third term , they were elected chairperson of the conservative Republican Study Committee , a group of more than 160 House Republicans . The group has played a vital role in debate over spending and deficit reduction efforts , but came in for criticism for proposing directions that were opposed by party leadership .
In November 2012 , after winning the RSC chairpersonship , they said they wanted to pull leadership “ as far to the right ” as possible in order to enact conservative legislation .
Two years later , they stepped down from that role when they were elected chief Republican whip , a coveted position traditionally seen as a stepping stone to greater power in Congress .
A Supreme Court judgement that was passed last year allows employees under the Employees ' Provident Fund ( EPF ) to contribute a higher amount to the Employees ' Pension Scheme ( EPS ) and enjoy higher pension on retirement . This has gathered a lot of eye balls and according to Rituparna Chakraborty , executive vice-president and co-founder , TeamLease Services , enquiries are coming in mainly from senior employees with 10-15 years work experience .
A clear-cut answer may not be available as of now as EPFO has to clarify its stance on the matter . But we bring you some answers on who could benefit from the Supreme Court ruling . But let 's take a look at EPS first .
What is EPS ?
If you are a salaried individual with an EPF account , you park 12 % of your salary ( basic plus dearness allowance ) in your EPF account . This contribution is matched by the employer , but a part of that contribution goes into EPS . Till September 2014 , this contribution was capped at 8.33 % of Rs6,500 ( Rs541 ) and subsequently , when the capped wages increased to Rs15,000 , the contributions to EPS increased to 8.33 % of Rs15,000 ( Rs1,250 ) .
On retirement , or when you turn 58 years old ( assuming you have put in 10 years of eligible service ) , you are entitled to a monthly pension under the EPS . The formula is average monthly salary of the preceding 5 years multiplied by the number of years of service divided by 70 . However , since the contributions were made only on the capped wages , the last drawn salary is considered to be the capped wages—Rs6,500 till 2014 , Rs15,000 currently and Rs21,000 that 's proposed in the future . The pension amount in this case is not a very large number . Assuming a work life of 25 years , the pension will be about Rs2,321 a month .
But a provision that existed till September 2014 allowed you to bump up your contribution to enjoy higher pension . As per the EPS rules , an employee , with the consent of the employer , could hike the contribution to 8.33 % of the actual salary ( if it exceeded the capped wages ) either from the date of commencement of the scheme or the time when the salary exceeds the capped wages . Contributing on the actual salary meant a much higher pension . Assuming a person averaged a monthly salary of Rs50,000 in the last 5 years ( till 2014 , EPS considered average salary of last 12 months ) the pension money would be Rs17,587 , nearly eight times the amount under the capped wages of Rs6,500 . This has been a little known fact and not utilised by majority of employees under EPFO .
“ Very few employees were aware of this . And given when this came into force , we were probably not as connected ( then ) as we are today in terms of information dissemination . The private sector seems to have been completely in the dark , ” added Chakraborty .
In fact , in September 2014 , EPS saw some major amendments to the scheme . Three things happened : one , EPFO notified that new employees who earned more than the capped wages would not be eligible for EPS . Two , existing employees who were contributing on higher salary could continue to do so provided they made fresh applications along with the employer in a year 's time , failing which their contributions would be restricted to the capped wages . Three , for employees who were contributing on capped wages , the option to bump up the contributions was no longer available .
What the Supreme Court says
A Supreme Court ruling has renewed hopes for the employees who hope for a higher pension . On 4 October 2016 , the court order dismissed the cut-off time laid down by EPFO to be eligible to contribute on a higher salary . As per the order , it 's not only at the time of launch of the EPS or when the salary exceeds capped wages can an employee bump up the contribution , but they can do so anytime . This was in response to an appeal filed by a group of employees who retired in 2005 . They were not aware of the provision to increase the contribution and EPFO denied their request because they did n't apply before the cut-off date .
The court order directed EPFO to divert the money from the provident fund of these retirees to the pension account retrospectively and pay pension on the higher salary . The court order has brought hope to existing employees as a popular view is that they can also benefit from this ruling . “ Our understanding is that a member , existing or one who has left EPF , is eligible to make a higher contribution on the actual salary to the EPS retrospectively to enjoy a higher pension amount , ” said Kulin Patel , head of retirement , South Asia , Willis Towers Watson . “ In which case , the liability on EPFO could be significantly high . I am not sure if an impact analysis on the actuarial valuation of the liability has been done , but the differential cost will definitely be more than what EPFO will get by means of a higher contribution to the EPS , ” they added .
Another interpretation , which has the backing of EPFO , is that this only benefits employees who retired before 2014 .
What it means to you
For the purpose of EPS , employees can be divided across five categories . One , employees who joined after September 2014 and earn more than Rs15,000 . Two , employees who continue to contribute on higher salary . Three , existing employees who contributed on capped wages . Four , employees who contributed on higher salary but did n't exercise the right in 2014 by filing a fresh request . And five , retired individuals . For the first two categories , the ruling has no relevance because in the first case the employees are not covered by the EPS and in the second case the employees are contributing on the higher salary and will get a pension as per that salary .
The ruling would concern the remaining three categories . According to Sonu Iyer , tax partner & people advisory services leader , EY India , this would primarily concern employees who retired before September 2014 . “ The court ruling is on EPS that existed before September 2014 , so eligible employees who left EPS before 2014 can approach EPFO , pay a higher contribution to the EPS retrospectively and get a higher pension . However , this may be easier for retirees who are yet to withdraw their money from the EPF as EPFO only has to reclassify the money from EPF to EPS . But for people who have already withdrawn their money , this may not be a smooth task as this will need them to make a deposit which will also need some system change , ” they said . A senior official we spoke to at EPFO , who did n't want to be quoted , also confirmed that as long as the retirees have been contributing 12 % of the actual salary to EPFO , they will be eligible for a hike in pension by “ retrospectively reclassifying monthly contribution in the pension from the provident fund provided . ”
So what about existing employees in the EPS ? According to the EPF official , the authority is still deliberating if the window to re-apply should be extended for employees who were contributing on higher wages , but failed to re-apply in 2014 . If the extension comes through , even these employees will get a pension based on the actual salary . For existing employees contributing on capped wages , the circular does n't hold much relevance . “ The Supreme Court ruling has not made any changes to the amendments of 2014 . Even if the employees were to retrospectively contribute on higher wages , they will end up in loss because post-2014 , only the capped wages will be considered as salary for the purpose of calculating pension , ” said Iyer .
The EPF official we spoke to , confirmed this line of argument . However , EPFO is yet to issue an official clarification on the matter .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett hopes Derby can dispel claims of “ a curse ” after denting Cardiff 's bid for automatic promotion
Callum Paterson struck a superb first half volley to Neil Warnock 's men infront at the break .
It would have left the second-placed Bluebirds needing just a win at Hull on Saturday to go up .
But Rams hitman Cameron Jerome scored with a good finish in the 69th minute goal to level .
Then sub Matej Vydra smashed in an 82nd minute scorcher amid a stirring fight-back before Jerome grabbed their second .
It denied Cardiff a sweet win after the original game was postponed at short-notice last month due to snow to Warnock 's fury .
The win reinvigorated Derby 's play-off hopes as they climbed back into sixth spot after just two wins in 13 games previously .
Manager Rowett was relieved after criticism that Derby blow promotion annually around this year .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Rowett , who previously bossed Burton and Birmingham , said : “ As soon as we lose everyone goes ballistic about the curse .
“ I certainly was n't going to urinate in all four corners of the ground to try and lift it . But it probably got to the players .
“ Until you win enough games to get promoted it is always going to be levelled at Derby .
“ It 's the biggest test I 've faced as a manager and the most difficult period .
“ Having been on the run we have been on it has been incredibly deflating .
“ This is a massive win , we knew it was going to be a real test . ”
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Derby started well as home midfielder Bradley Johnson and Tom Lawrence had efforts . The hosts had a major escape when Johnson handled Jamie Ward 's shot .
But there was no stopping the visitors in the 28 minute when Paterson smashed in an unstoppable opener . Joe Bennett flighted a ball to the back post where Paterson volleyed in their 10th of the season after Marcus Olsson lost their man .
( Image : PA )
After the break , Derby deservedly equalised when Jerome held off Sean Morrison to turn the stopper and score with a right-foot shot on the turn .
Sub Vydra notched their 21st this term by hammering in Andre Wisdom 's pass after they robbed Yanic Wildshut on the byline .
Jerome completed the comeback in the 90 minute after another Morrison mistake to embarrass the visitors ' captain who recently taunted Derby in clip leaked on social media .
( Image : PA Wire . )
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Warnock rued : “ It was the most blatant penalty as Johnson moves their hand to the ball .
“ I am disappointed in the decisions but it does n't compensate for conceding three Sunday League balls .
“ I ca n't blame the weather for the goals we conceded .
“ The lads are all flat but I just said to them most teams would love to have 86 points and need to win two games to get promotion . ”
Player Ratings
Derby : Carson 6 , Wisdom 7 , Keogh 7 , Davies 7 , Forsyth 6 , Olsson 6 ( Vydra 60 , 7 ) , Weimann 7 ( Pearce 87 , 6 ) , Johnson 7 , Huddlestone 7 , Lawrence 6 ( Hanson 87 , 6 ) , Jerome 8 MOTM
Cardiff : Etheridge 7 , Manga 7 Booked , Morrison 6 , Bamba 7 , Paterson 7 Booked , Ralls Booked 6 , Gunnarsson 7 , Ward 6 ( Wildschut 74 , 2 ) , Bennett 6 Booked , Hoilett 6 ( Pilkington 74 , 6 ) , Madine 5 ( Zohore 67 , 6 )
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Parliament could move around Britain to stop the regions being ignored , John McDonnell said today .
The Shadow Chancellor declared a host of bodies must leave the capital to halt inequality that fuelled the Brexit vote .
They unveiled a report for Labour saying the party should move some Bank of England functions to Birmingham , and review its mandate .
The report also proposed putting the party 's £250billion National Investment Bank and Strategic Investment Board next-door .
The Bank of England 's London HQ at Threadneedle Street , where it has been for 283 years , could even shut altogether after Mr McDonnell did not rule the prospect out .
Asked if Parliament - which is seeking a new home when it shuts for a major revamp - should leave the capital , Mr McDonnell joked : “ That 's slightly beyond my remit . ”
But they added : “ There 's an argument put forward for ensuring that certainly Cabinet , and maybe sessions of Parliament , could be held elsewhere .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
“ I know Jeremy [ Corbyn ] has been talking about holding shadow cabinet meetings around the country on a regular basis . ”
They added : “ There is a view that decision-making located in Whitehall , Westminster and the City , and that includes the Bank of England , results often in a distortion of the economic policy direction - not taking into account the real needs of the regions and nations of our country .
“ And to some extent , that may well have contributed towards the Brexit vote as well .
“ So this gives us an opportunity now , looking afresh at the institutional framework but also the institutional location to see whether or not we can address some of the imbalances in the decision-making that 's taken place in the past . ”
Mr McDonnell joked he 'd “ not bought shares in any property ” in Birmingham as they launched the report by consultancy firm GFC Economics .
The 110-page tome said moving financial bodies to Birmingham would halt “ the dominance of London ” , where employment has risen 26 % in a decade compared to just 4.2 % in Wales .
It also suggested establishing new Bank of England offices in Cardiff , Glasgow , Belfast , Newcastle and Plymouth .
The report said the Bank 's mandate of ensuring 2 % inflation “ may be out of date ” and could be widened to include wages , productivity and investment .
Asked how much of the Bank would move , including if it would keep its Threadneedle Street HQ , Mr McDonnell said : “ That will be subject to a further report .
“ We will be bringing that forward in the new year for further consultation and discussion , and obviously discussions with [ Bank governor ] Mark Carney as well . ”
The report warned Britain was lagging behind in developing robots - despite also admitting those robots could put “ downward pressure on wages ” .
Deputy Labour leader Tom Watson called on Brits to “ embrace an android ” , saying “ robots can set us free ” if they are properly regulated .
researchFOLKS ' “ Cards and Payments Market in Ireland ” report offers a distinct range of possibilities in the market of payment cards along with the accurately validated statistics of operational cards in the market and their total transactional values . It suggests profitable marketing strategies considering the competitive landscape in the market , purchase trends , payments options in online trade and significant government frameworks impacting the overall payment cards market of Ireland .
Our report kindles the hidden opportunities with dependable information about different types of card transactions , volumes of cardholders , market proportion , current accounts , increase within the number of cards , credit cards outstanding balances , transactional values , details of the issuers at the side of available banking schemes and futuristic analysis of overall cards and payment marketplace in Ireland .
For Full Report @ https : //www.researchfolks.com/public/Cards-and-Payments-Market-in-Ireland/1966086
Cards and Payments Market in Ireland – Highlights of the report :
The replaced flat annual stamp duty of €2.50 ( $ 2.60 ) on ATM cards , and €5 ( $ 5.30 ) on combinations of debit and ATM cards , irrespective of the frequency of use to a new tax structure which charges €0.12 ( $ 0.13 ) per ATM cash withdrawal , with an annual cap of €2.50 ( $ 2.60 ) on ATM cards , and €5 ( $ 5.30 ) on combinations of debit card and ATM cards is aimed to increase the use of POS transactions and reduce ATM cash withdrawals .
The Irish government implemented a debit card interchange fee cap of 0.1 % , which is 50 % lower than the standard EU cap and the fee on credit card remains at the EU level of 0.3 % . This regulation can hinder the profitability of card issuers and schemes but will help merchants save up to €36 Mn ( $ 37.9 Mn ) annually through card-based payments .
Irish consumer uptake of contactless technology is rising due to the increased contactless payment limit from €15 ( $ 15.80 ) to €30 ( $ 31.60 ) . In March 2017 , Visa announced that more than 3 million contactless transactions on Visa debit cards were made every week in Ireland and there is a growing adoption of contactless POS terminals by retailers . Almost all leading banks , including Kredietbank ABB Insurance CERA ( KBC Bank ) , Allied Irish Bank ( AIB ) , Permanent TSB , Bank of Ireland ( BOI ) , and Ulster Bank offer contactless cards .
List of Companies mentioned in the report :
Allied Irish Bank
Bank of Ireland
Ulster Bank
Permanent TSB
Avantcard
Visa
Mastercard
About Us :
researchFOLKS is one of the fast-growing market research firms which offers a range of company and industry intelligence reports . Our reports are produced in presentation format with actionable insights that quickens your decision making . With an experienced team of Analysts , we offer on-demand research solutions that are perfect for businesses who are looking to get a totally different perspective and reports meeting their customized needs .
Contact Info :
Name : Mr. Sai
Email : p.sai @ researchfolks.com
Organization : researchfolks
Address : 4451 Breezy Bay Circle , Henrico , United States , VA 23233
Phone : +1 ( 540 ) 313-6329
Markets Live : Sensex trades lower , Nifty below 10,300 , Dr Reddy 's shares rise 5 %
BSE Sensex falls on Tuesday , while the Nifty hovers around 10,300 points . Here are the latest updates and developments from the markets
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims . Cambodia : Tower of Skulls
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims . Cambodia : Tower of Skulls
THE woman with their baby stares quietly into the camera , their passive gaze perhaps containing some knowledge of the unspeakable horrors that were about to befall them
Shortly after the photograph was taken on the woman 's arrival at the infamous Khmer Rouge torture centre S-21 in Phnom Penh , their baby was taken away and killed .
They themselves was doomed , the wife of a Khmer Rouge officer who had fallen out of favour , and to become one of the millions of victims of Cambodia 's mass murder of the 1970s .
Until earlier this month , the image of the woman with the short hair , slightly tipped head and
sleeping infant was yours to buy for $ 199.99 for use in a `` marketing package '' .
In other images a woman , pinned with a number , sits slumped beside their baby , and in another a young boy , number 374 , stares terrified at the lens .
Literary publication the Mekong Review has revealed that two stock photo agencies - Alamy and Sprague - were cashing in on the images of the women and other victims of one of history 's most appalling atrocities .
Photo of woman and their baby at the Khmer Rouge torture centre before their genocidal murder was on sale as a stock image for profit .
All the people in the black and white photos for sale online died in the Khmer Rouge 's Year Zero genocide , more commonly known as Cambodia 's Killing Fields .
Publishing the images on Twitter , the Mekong Review wrote : `` These portraits were taken by Khmer Rouge cadres before they tortured and killed these people .
`` This is wrong ... selling photos of Khmer Rouge victims which they have no copyright on . `` No one owns these photos .
`` They were taken by members of a regime that was responsible for the death of 2 million people . ''
The Cambodian genocide began in 1975 when the country 's communists called the Khmer Rouge overthrew the democratic government and seized power .
Mekong Review Twitter post about the sale prices and marketing of this Khmer Rouge 's victim 's image taken before their murder .
Kaing Guek Eav , aka ‘ Duch ' who ran the S-21 torture centre where the woman and baby died .
Led by five men including the notorious Pol Pot , they established `` Year Zero '' , forcibly evacuating people from the cities back into the countryside and murdering perceived opponents .
Money was abolished , books were burned and the country 's intellectual elite including teachers and wealthy traders were slaughtered to realise Pol Pot 's dream of an agricultural communist utopia .
Up to three million Cambodians - one quarter of the nation 's population - were killed while the country fell into ruin and famine .
Arbitrary executions and torture were carried against perceived subversive members of the Khmer Rouge 's own ranks , such as the unfortunate husband of the lady with their baby in the photograph .
Cambodian boy stands by remains of Khmer Rouge genocide victims in Kandal province . Picture : Heng Sinith .
After four years of terror , the Khmer Rouge was removed from power when Vietnamese forces invaded .
Left behind were the skeletons of the many victims and their photographs .
Visitors to Cambodia today can see the thousands of photos taken by the Khmer Rouge of their victims which take up the rooms of the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in the capital , Phnom Penh .
The museum is on the site of the former high school which was used as Security Prison 21 , S-21 , to torture and kill victims .
A `` tower of skulls '' can be seen at the Choeung Ek Genocidal Center , the site of a former orchard and mass grave containing 8,895 bodies 17km south of the capital .
The Mekong Review reported that no release form for use of the images had been signed before they were marketed by Alamy and Sprague .
It called into question the practice of selling the images for commercial use on legal and moral grounds .
On Monday , the Mekong Review reported that Alamy and Sprague had now removed the images from their sites .
Images of killing fields genocide victims sold online by stock photo agencies for profit .
Skulls and nones of Killing Fields victims at Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh .
Schoolgirl with photographs of murdered at the Tuol Sleng ( S-21 ) Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh .
We are sorry , but you can not access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber . Click here to subscribe , or contact us at Pajhwok for more information .
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
10.05 am IST
Tomorrow at 9:30 AM I will travel from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via seaplane . After that will offer prayers to Maa Amba at Ambaji . With air , roads & rail connectivity , our Government is making efforts for harnessing waterways . All this is for 125 crore Indians !
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — The US Bureau of Land Management is opening nearly 196,000 acres of public land in the US state of Nevada for fossil fuel development such as fracking , the Center for Biological Diversity said in a press release .
`` Despite legal protests from conservation groups , the Bureau of Land Management is auctioning off 195,732 acres ( 304 square miles ) of public lands in Nevada today for fossil fuel development , '' the environmental group stated in the release on Wednesday .
Fracking on public land in northern Nevada will potentially harm the wildlife and aquifers in the area , the release stated .
© AFP 2017/ OLI SCARFF UK Labour Party to Ban Fracking If Wins General Election in June - Manifesto
The US government failed in its environmental analysis to address the `` obvious '' dangers of auctioning off the public lands to oil companies , Great Basin Resource Watch Director John Hadder stated in the release .
On April 26 , US President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing the US Department of the Interior to conduct a review of all national monuments in an effort to give control of public land back to the states .
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke had said the Obama administration 's use of the Antiquities Act denied the people use of areas of land traditionally utilized for farming , oil and gas exploration , timber harvest , mining and other activities .
© CBS
`` JOHN DICKERSON : Let me ask you about a domestic issue here . There 's a cultural shift going on in America right now . You saw it , three members of Congress kicked out of Congress because of sexual behavior , misdeeds . You were the first woman Senator of South Carolina . What do you think of this cultural moment that 's happening ?
NIKKI HALEY : You know , I am incredibly proud of the women who have come forward . I 'm proud of their strength . I 'm proud of their courage . And I think that the idea that this is happening , I think it will start to bring a conscience to the situation , not just in politics , but in , you know , we 've seen in Hollywood and in every industry . And I think the time has come .
JOHN DICKERSON : Of course I 'm wrong , you were the governor , first governor of South Carolina . Given that consciousness , how do you think people should assess the accusers of the president ?
NIKKI HALEY : Well , I mean , you know , the same thing , is women who accuse anyone should be heard . They should be heard and they should be dealt with . And I think we heard from them prior to the election . And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way , they have every right to speak up .
JOHN DICKERSON : And does the election mean that 's a settled issue ?
NIKKI HALEY : You know , that 's for the people to decide . I know that they were elected . But , you know , women should always feel comfortable coming forward . And we should all be willing to listen to them . ''
US Ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley has been a very public cheerleader for Donald Trump 's controversial Jerusalem/al-Quds declaration , however , it seems that in terms of Haley 's own career ambitions , Trump is standing in their way.The woman described by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov as spewing `` bloodthirsty '' tirades and by North Korea as `` political prostitute ... crazily swishing their skirt , playing the flagship role in Trump administration 's hideous sanctions and pressure racket against the DPRK '' , seems to be doing what I personally predicted in May of this year-she 's gunning for the top job in the US.During the heavily fraught 2016 US election , pro-Clinton media attempted to cast Donald Trump as a man who had `` attacked '' women . However , the allegations were later exposed as baseless and the election continued with Trump ultimately securing victory.Now however , Haley , a member of Trump 's Republican party and a woman Trump once invited to become Secretary of State , is reopening the issue that threatened to derail Trump 's campaign.During an interview on the CBS show Face The Nation , the following conversation transpired between Haley and host John Dickerson : With prominent members of the US political and monied elite losing their positions over similar allegations , it would appear that Nikki Haley has publicly warned Trump that they might meet the same fate.It remains to be seen how Trump deals with their new rival from within the ranks .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Take Me Out is no longer just for those who are young and fancy free !
The hit ITV dating show is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a one-off over-50s special .
Host Paddy McGuinness will be helping a host of 'Golden Girls ' bag themselves a good old-fashioned gentleman on the special episode of the show , set to air on Saturday , June 9 .
For one night only , Paddy will work their match-making magic on a special 'Flirty Thirty ' line-up , all looking for their ‘ happily ever after ' .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Three fabulous older gentlemen will brave the love lift .
They said : `` Proving that it 's never too late to date , I 've gathered together 30 fabulous older ladies hoping to match with the silver fox of their dreams . It 's a really heart-warming show and a lot of fun . ''
With seven weddings ( soon to be eight ) and five babies , Take Me Out has played Cupid to many happy couples over the years and is the most successful dating format in the world , selling in 33 territories .
( Image : ITV )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Golden Girl line-up includes a former nun , an ex-girlfriend of Hollywood-heartthrob Jason Statham , and a single lady on the lookout for husband number six . Tune in to find out who will get themselves a date and be whisked away to the sunny Isle of Fernando 's .
* Take Me Out : Over 50 's Special airs on Saturday , June 9 at 8pm on ITV
Description :
Connected Living Room-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Connected Living Room industry , standing on the readers ' perspective , delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights . No matter the client is industry insider , potential entrant or investor , the report will provides useful data and information . Key questions answered by this report include :
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Connected Living Room 2013-2017 , and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Connected Living Room worldwide , with company and product introduction , position in the Connected Living Room market
Market status and development trend of Connected Living Room by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Connected Living Room , and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/2914097-connected-living-room-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Connected Living Room market as :
Global Connected Living Room Market : Regional Segment Analysis ( Regional Production Volume , Consumption Volume , Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023 ) :
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Connected Living Room Market : Type Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume , Average Price , Revenue , Market Share and Trend 2013-2023 ) :
Ordinary Type
Multifunctional Type
Global Connected Living Room Market : Application Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023 ; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis )
Residential
Commercial
Global Connected Living Room Market : Manufacturers Segment Analysis ( Company and Product introduction , Connected Living Room Sales Volume , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ) :
Samsung
Sony
Koninklijke Phillips
LG
Panasonic
Pioneer
Mitsubishi
Benq
Nintendo
JVC Kenwood
Complete Report Details @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/2914097-connected-living-room-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content
Chapter 1 Overview of Connected Living Room
1.1 Definition of Connected Living Room in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Connected Living Room
1.2.1 Ordinary Type
1.2.2 Multifunctional Type
1.3 Downstream Application of Connected Living Room
1.3.1 Residential
1.3.2 Commercial
1.4 Development History of Connected Living Room
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Connected Living Room 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Connected Living Room Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Connected Living Room Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Connected Living Room 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Connected Living Room by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Connected Living Room by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Connected Living Room by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Connected Living Room by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Connected Living Room by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Connected Living Room by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Connected Living Room by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Connected Living Room by Types
3.2 Production Value of Connected Living Room by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Connected Living Room by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Connected Living Room by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Connected Living Room by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Connected Living Room
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Connected Living Room Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Connected Living Room Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Connected Living Room by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Connected Living Room by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Connected Living Room by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Connected Living Room Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Connected Living Room Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger , Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Connected Living Room Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Samsung
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Connected Living Room Product
7.1.3 Connected Living Room Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Samsung
7.2 Sony
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Connected Living Room Product
7.2.3 Connected Living Room Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Sony
7.3 Koninklijke Phillips
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Connected Living Room Product
7.3.3 Connected Living Room Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Koninklijke Phillips
7.4 LG
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Connected Living Room Product
7.4.3 Connected Living Room Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of LG
7.5 Panasonic
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Connected Living Room Product
7.5.3 Connected Living Room Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Panasonic
Continued…… .
CONTACT US :
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales @ wiseguyreports.com
http : //www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph : +1-646-845-9349 ( US )
Ph : +44 208 133 9349 ( UK )
The average American spends about 70 hours a year on lawn and garden care , according to the American Time Use Survey . If you loathe pushing a mower or carting a watering can , those 70 hours can feel like an eternity .
Thankfully , there is a bounty of smart products that can take the drudgery out of yard work . And for those who take pride in their landscapes , these five devices can give your gardening skills an extra edge .
Motion Activated Sprinkler
Deer , rabbits , raccoons , and other animals can destroy a garden ; even the neighborhood cats and dogs can make a mess . Rather than stand vigil at your back door , you can let the smart sprinkler from Orbit handle these unwanted visitors . When the Yard Enforcer notices movement , it sprays water in the direction of the animal . It can protect an area as large as 1,600 square feet . $ 69.99
Smart Weather Station
The health of your garden and lawn hinges largely on the weather . A weather station like the BloomSky2 can help you determine the best times to irrigate your lawn and plantings , when to fertilize and when to yank hanging baskets from the porch due to a heavy wind . It measures temperature , humidity , barometric pressure , and precipitation and sends this info to an app on your smartphone .
With the addition of an accessory called Storm , the weather station can also measure and report conditions including rainfall total , wind speed , wind direction and UV .
An integrated camera HD camera captures real-time images of the sky every 5 minutes . At the end of the day , you 'll have a time-lapse recording of the changing weather conditions .
One of the coolest capabilities of the BloomSky2 , however , is IFTTT integration . This means you can automate smart devices like thermostats and irrigation systems to react automatically based on weather data gathered by the BloomSky2 weather station . $ 299.99
Plant Sensor
The Parrot Flower Power sensor , a rod-shape device you plant into the soil , monitors and analyzes the four parameters essential to your plant 's health : sunlight , air temperature , fertilizer level , and soil moisture .
Whenever the Flower Power detects that your attention is needed , it sends a notification , via Bluetooth Smart , to your smartphone or tablet . It might tell you that your plant needs water or that it is in a spot that is too sunny .
$ 99.99
Self-Learning Wi-Fi Sprinkler Controller
The Netro Smart controller gives your existing sprinkler system a brain by using advanced technology to create a watering schedule completely on its own . You wo n't need to fiddle with the settings of your sprinkler system because
Netro 's self-learning feature knows what to do . For example , it breaks up the long watering cycles to smaller ones to help water seep slowly into the ground to where it is needed . It also automatically disables watering when temperatures are too high to protect your plants and avoids watering at night which can cause lawns , foliage and plants to be soggy which attracts disease . The winterization feature disables watering during cold temperatures to protect your sprinkler system . Should you want to get involved in the irrigation process , Amazon Alexa and Google Home integration let you command Netro via your voice . $ 149.99
Robotic Lawn Mower
The Miimo is Honda 's first robotic lawn mower for use in the United States . It is a microcomputer , timer and sensors to mow the lawn automatically , based on a schedule you set . It 's quiet enough to have it mow at night , and you can customize cutting intervals based on the season ; for example , mow more often during the spring when the grass grows faster and less frequently during dryer summer months .
Miimo offers three main cutting modes ; Random , Directional or Mixed : Random is the most effective for mowing large , open areas of grass . Directional is the recommended setting for narrow areas . Mixed is a combination of the Random and Directional pattern .
Two additional cutting options , Spiral and Edge , let you customize the mowing process even more . Spiral enables Miimo to concentrate mowing on areas where the growth speed of the lawn may be faster than the rest of the lawn . Edge mode sends Miimo to mow along the edge of the lawn along the boundary wire first , before mowing the rest of the lawn in the chosen mowing pattern .
This is an expensive mower , so Miimo is equipped with anti-theft protection that will sound an alarm and disengage operation if the mower is lifted from the ground . The unit can only be re-started once the owner enters a unique anti-theft PIN code . $ 929
Mohamed Salah scored twice as Liverpool took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final , first leg at Anfield .
But two late Roma goals will give the Italians , who fought back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round , some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday .
Two superbly taken goals from Salah against their former club gave Juergen Klopp 's side a 2-0 lead at half-time before Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break .
A Sadio Mane goal and then two Roberto Firmino goals put Liverpool 5-0 up and Klopp felt comfortable enough to take off Salah , who had been outstanding .
Yet Edin Dzeko struck for the visitors in the 81st minute and four minutes later Diego Perotti converted a penalty as Roma showed they are still a threat with a late rally which may yet give the Reds a nervous 90 minutes at Stadio Olimpico next week .
And Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco knows it .
`` The tie is not over , we have already proven that against Barcelona , '' Di Francesco said . `` Whoever does n't believe in a comeback should stay home . That applies to the fans in the stands as well . ''
Klopp said they would have been happier had they not conceded but they will attack against Roma again in the second leg .
`` It was a perfect performance for pretty much 80 minutes or so , then we made one defensive mistake and Dzeko made the most of the situation , '' Klopp told BT Sport .
`` That 's the rules of the competition , each goal you score helps massively .
`` I would be much more happy if we had won 5-0 or 5-1 but 5-2 is still a fantastic result .
`` I could not even have imagined that was possible , so the boys still did outstandingly good and we go there and try to win again , that 's it . ''
Another downside was a knee injury to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , who left the pitch on a stretcher with their head in their hands and their knee in a brace to put their England World Cup in some doubt .
Klopp fears the injury suffered during the first half was `` really bad '' .
The 24-year-old left the field on a stretcher in the first-half with what appeared to be a knee injury and could now be a doubt for this summer 's World Cup .
`` If you can say that already before the scan then it 's never good news , so that means for us it 's a massive blow .
`` We have still some very important games to go and the squad does n't get bigger any more , so we need to be creative in the next few games . ''
Bayern Munich and Real Madrid meet in the other semi-final on Wednesday .
Sorry , your browser does n't support Flash , needs a Flash update , or has Flash disabled . You need Flash to watch this video . EMBED > More News Videos Back in 1907 , they were a New Year ? s Day baby . On Sunday , their family and friends are planning to throw Daisy Driss a party to celebrate their 110th birthday .
Daisy Driss is another New Year 's Day baby but they were born on New Year 's Day in 1907 . Driss celebrated their 110th birthday on Sunday.Family and friends gathered at an Edgewater restaurant to wish Driss a happy birthday.Driss is a former Chicago Public School teacher who keeps their mind sharp by reading the paper cover to cover every day.She 's also still very active . They even hit the dance floor at their party on Sunday .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
No one likes being caught out over Christmas .
If you 're scared about running out of vegetables , potatoes , booze or those pesky batteries for all the kids new toys ( how do we forget them every year ? ) , we 've outlined when Aldi is open over the holidays .
In the run-up to Christmas Eve , Aldi will be open normal hours from 8am to 10pm ( Monday to Saturday ) , if you want to stock up on essentials beforehand . Plus as both Christmas and New Year 's Eve fall on a Sunday , stores nationwide will open their normal trading hours .
( Image : Getty )
To make life easier we 've got a handy guide to opening hours during the festive break below , or check details for your local store via the Aldi website here .
Aldi Christmas opening times at a glance
( Image : Getty )
Brookhaven Town is planning a $ 2.932 million reconstruction of the Cherry Grove dock on Fire Island to fix years of deterioration that was exacerbated last year by a brutal October storm .
Town officials and leaders of the beach community said rebuilding the dock is badly needed to make it safer for the thousands of residents , renters and visitors who flock to the barrier island each summer .
Construction is set to begin after Labor Day , and town officials said they hope to complete the project by next year 's July Fourth holiday .
Brookhaven Town Councilman Neil Foley said the dock suffered from routine `` wear and tear , '' but existing damage was made worse by a storm Oct. 29 that also caused heavy damage to the marina at nearby Davis Park . Town officials are completing repairs to Davis Park this summer .
`` Cherry Grove is a very popular destination in the summertime , '' Foley said in an interview , noting the dock has `` just worn out over time . It needs some remediation . ''
The average homeowner in the Cherry Grove Dock District will see a tax increase of about 16.7 percent , town officials said . Property taxes on the average home in the district would increase to about $ 5,189.65 from about $ 4,446.62 , officials said .
Cherry Grove community leaders said the tax hike is worth it to repair the community 's only public transportation hub , which is used by private boats and ferries . It also serves as a meeting place and unofficial public square for residents and visitors .
`` Although it is expensive , we do support the proposed costs and the 20-year bond period , '' Diane Romano , president of the Cherry Grove Community Association , and Gerri Losquadro , president of Cherry Grove Property Owners , wrote in a letter to town officials . `` It has been in deteriorating condition for at least the past four years and presents a safety hazard for all who must use it . ''
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The reconstruction will not include two ideas that had proved unpopular with residents , including a proposed transit shelter and a change in which boaters would be required to park perpendicular to the dock , rather than parallel as they do now . Town officials eliminated the shelter from the rebuilding plan , and said boaters could continue to parallel park .
Speakers at a public hearing at Brookhaven Town Hall on June 26 said the shelter would have made the dock too crowded , and some said parking perpendicular to the dock would make it difficult for boats to unload freight .
`` This will simply not work , '' Gaston Alonso , a Brooklyn College professor and 12-year Cherry Grove resident , said of the transit shelter . `` The dock , as it is , it 's too narrow . ''
Donna Bianco , owner of Cherry 's on the Bay restaurant , said the shelter also would have blocked the views of residents who gather on the dock each night to watch the sunset .
`` Everybody claps , '' Bianco said . `` It 's a tradition . ''
The Porcella brothers , those mirror-footed Maui hellmen , have torn down and reassembled our idea of the unthinkable wipeout . A flying drop-kick into a Jaws lip ? A faceplant at Nazaré ? An airlift into the ribcage of grinding Teahupoo ? Been there , done all of that . These guys have courage burned into their DNA , and so long as they pop out of the whitewash in two Porcella pieces , they 'll readily paddle into the next 40-foot set , sometimes alone , and sometimes together , two brotherly chargers digging claw marks as they scratch for the horizon .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
'Mistake ' £1 coins are in circulation - and they could be worth a small fortune .
The Change Checker website has reported on a new batch of £1 coins that could have a minting 'error ' on them .
It appears that the 12-sided £1 coin die has been struck on an old round £1 coin blank .
Change Checker adds that it has seen three examples of this in the past week alone so maybe they are not super rare , maybe you have one and you have n't noticed it yet , reports the Manchester Evening News .
Types of this coin are appearing on eBay with one selling for £205 .
It received 22 bids .
Are these real coins ?
The Royal Mint still have n't verified these coins so Change Checker say the best thing to do is to send it to The Royal Mint Museum which offers a free verification service .
You get the coin back - along with their findings - a few weeks later .
Which other coins are valuable ?
Last year , there was a story about numerous rare 50p coins which were worth up to hundreds of pounds based on which designs they had . These included a Kew Gardens coin and a Jemima Puddleduck one .
It can be hard to have a real idea of how much these are actually worth , Change Checker add that a coin is mostly just worth how much someone is willing to pay for it .
To help ease some of the confusion , Change Checker has created the eBay price tracker which simply `` takes the last 9 sold prices achieved on eBay and gives the median price achieved ( rounded to the nearest 50p ) . By taking the median , rather than an average , we avoid skewing created by one or two excessive prices achieved . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ofcom received a complaint from a viewer about this weekend 's Britain 's Got Talent - just because Ant McPartlin was on screen .
The troubled TV presenter is currently missing from the show having entered rehab following a drink-drive conviction .
Their bestie Declan Donnelly is hosting the live portion of the series alone , although the pre-recorded audition footage still features Ant .
And according to Ofcom , one viewer was not at all happy to see the Geordie star there .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
The regulatory body also received three other complaints - two about Simon Cowell using the word 'bloody ' , and one about David Walliams being 'sexually suggestive ' - although it 's not clear in what way .
Ant admitted drink-driving during an appearance at Wimbledon Magistrates ' Court earlier this month , and was fined £86,000 and given a 20-month driving ban .
( Image : ITV )
ITV announced that Declan will be hosting the live portion of the new BGT series alone after they did the same for the final two episodes of their variety show , Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway .
In the first episode of the series Ant and Dec hit their golden buzzer after watching magician Marc Spelmann cast their spell over the crowd with the story of their young child , Isabella , who was in their mother 's womb as their mum was treated for cancer .
They had spent five years going through IVF to have the baby , so their miracle birth and life caused Ant to be really emotional .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Katie Price has spoken out to deny they are the unnamed celebrity mum who had 'two kids taken into foster care ' for partying too much .
On Tuesday it was reported social services were involved after reports an unidentified famous mum pulled their young son 's hair in public - which led to a council probe which suggested neglect .
After the story went viral , many social media users began speculating as to the identity of the mystery star .
Hours after the news broke , reality star Katie bizarrely took to Instagram to shut down speculation they were the mum at the centre of the furore .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Instagram )
Celebrity mum has 'two kids taken into foster care ' after letting them fend for themselves while they partied
Appearing in a live video seen by Mirror Online , they told fans : `` Just to say , I 'm not the one in the papers today who 's had their kids taken off them , I 've seen it online and it 's not me . ''
It came just days after mum-of-five Katie was accused of using cocaine and booze to cope with their split with third husband Kieran Hayler .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Getty )
The star at the centre of the childcare allegations remains anonymous .
Social services moved in after receiving a report from members of the public and conducted their own enquiries that uncovered a series of other issues , including neglect , the Sun reports .
The kids were left to `` fend for themselves '' while they went to glitzy showbiz events and did red carpet appearances , it claims .
A family court judge ruled that the youngsters be handed into the care of another family , who live nearby the celebrity mum 's £1million home .
A source told the Sun : `` She has been struggling to cope recently .
`` They are lovely kids , very well mannered . But they wo n't give up their celebrity life to concentrate properly on them and things have all got a bit too much . ''
Stephanie von Watzdorf 's aesthetic is banked on the global gypset of the utmost bohemian order , so certain far-flung elements — caftans , gauzy beach dresses and pom-poms and tassels galore — remain consistent . But for resort , von Watzdorf added a little Janis Joplin rock edge , via leopard prints , pink and black color combos and some wild faux furs into the already very eclectic mix . “ I saw a documentary on their six months ago , and it just told me I needed to dig a little deeper into their spirit , ” von Watzdorf said . “ It 's a lot about layering elements that do n't necessarily go together but work beautifully . ”
A cropped black vest with black caviar beading was worn over a black peasant shirt and pink psychedelic printed pants . A shaggy faux fur jacket came over a white tuxedo shirt with a gold sequined bib and cool navy pajama pants that zipped up the side . A patterned woven kimono jacket clashed in the best way with printed pants . At a time when the luxe bohemian look has gone far and wide up and down the fashion food chain , Figue 's details stand out . Von Watzdorf 's beading is gorgeous and hand-done . Them pom-poms and tassels are a cut above . “ We go through sometimes 10 rounds of them sending us samples , to the point where one of the owners of the tassel-makers wanted to strangle me , ” they said . “ He said , ‘ I 've never worked so hard making the perfect tassels , Madame Stephanie . ' ”
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections :
Reem Acra Resort 2018 : Reem Acra 's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking .
Nicole Miller Resort 2018 : The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe , and for this resort collection , this was no exception .
Erdem Resort 2018 : The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch .
RtA Resort 2018 : Eighties ' and Nineties ' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal .
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018 : The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit .
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018 : Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kerry Katona revealed their dramatic transformation on Loose Women after losing two stone and 'changing their entire lifestyle ' .
The mum-of-five lost two stone over Christmas and showed off their impressive washboard abs as they strutted into the studio .
The former Atomic Kitten singer , 37 , admitted they feel `` sexy and empowered '' and is now finding time to concentrate on themselves and their kids .
Kerry , who also revealed they had been off their bi-polar medication for eight months , confessed they would `` rather become a lesbian '' than date a man but still believes in romance .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
After putting on a robe and sitting down , they said : `` I 've got to say this is the best headspace I 've been in in a long , long time .
`` I think being single is definitely the way forward . I 'm definitely in a relationship with myself and learning to love me . I 've always ended up in a really bad relationship .
`` Do n't get me wrong I 'm an old romantic and still believe in love and marriage , but for now I need to concentrate on me , my needs and my children . I feel sexy and empowered . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Asked about reports Kerry would be more likely to date a woman than a man , they said : “ 100 % definitely a woman , I would definitely become a lesbian rather than [ date ] a man . 100 % . ”
Asked why , they said : “ Men… do I need… ? No , I 'm not a lesbian . ”
They ca n't see themselves getting into another relationship any time soon but joked that any millionaires watching out there should get in contact .
Kerry credited a healthy lifestyle and a lot of exercise for helping them transform their life .
( Image : ITV )
The former Atomic Kitten star revealed she 's been off their bi-polar medication for eight months after consulting their doctor .
They said : `` I 've been off medication now for about 8 months . A lot of mental health illness , it 's knowing what your triggers are and what tools to use when you do get triggered .
`` Do n't get me wrong , I still have my down days , I still get a bit down like we all do . Because I 'm going through a divorce as well , I 'd rather face these obstacles head on rather than masking them with pills . The best pill is exercise . ''
On whether they would have more kids , they said : `` Are you having a laugh ? Have you seen me ? I do n't want to ruin this body , definitely no more children . ''
( Image : kerrykatona7/Instagram )
( Image : ampikapickston1/Instagram )
Newly single Kerry had been staying with Ampika Pickston 's home in Cheshire while they appeared in panto at Manchester 's Middleton Arena .
The slim housewife 's diet and exercise habits have rubbed off on Kerry , who lost one stone in the first two weeks .
Kerry said they are now ready to move on with their life and has `` forgiven all the exes '' .
President-elect Donald Trump will face no foreign policy mess bigger than dealing with North Korea 's unpredictable man-child dictator Kim Jong-un . With their Chinese handlers refusing to contain the maniacal despot , Kim now claims North Korea is in the “ last stage ” of preparations to test-fire an inter-continental ballistic missile .
That would mean the isolated country would have the capacity to hit cities such as Seattle , San Francisco or Los Angeles in the near future . Although these threats are an ongoing situation the United States has dealt with for decades , the Trump administration will now have to deal with Kim in their own fashion . It is likely to be far different from the impassive signals that have been sent by the Obama administration .
Kim made their remarks in a New Year televised address through North Korea 's official Korean Central News Agency Sunday . They said their country “ will continue to strengthen its ability based on nuclear might to mount a preemptive attack. ” Any such provocation could lead to WWIII beginning on the Korean Peninsula .
The North Korean tyrant has rattled the sword of nuclear attack since taking power after their father 's death in 2011 . They have concentrated on developing nuclear missiles that could reach the U.S. Time after time they have refused to accept U.S. demands to freeze their arms development before the two sides can resume international disarmament talks .
Trump has made it clear they will not tolerate the ongoing North Korean threats even calling the dictator a “ maniac ” during their campaign . Kim is anxious that North Korea be recognized as a world nuclear power that may see the employment of intercontinental weapons by late this year . Will the Chinese step forward to end the madness ?
The fanatical regime now claims the ability to mount nuclear warheads on missiles with the range to reach the U.S. as early as February . It conducted its fifth nuclear test in September . Should the Chinese remain in the background , will the Trump administration act quickly to stop the tests and in what degree of severity ?
Kim said they would “ gladly join hands ” with anyone who seeks better relations between North Korea and South Korea . It is words they have reiterated the last five years to the dubious ears of the West . Are their threats and false signals of peace running low on credibility ?
Meanwhile , South Korean politics are in turmoil during this latest crisis with their northern neighbor . It puts the United States at the very forefront of leadership in decision-making with the shaky government of Kim . Former United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and South Korean opposition heavyweight Moon Jae-in are neck-and-neck in presidential polls .
Although the North Koreans are well aware they are banned under UN Security Council resolutions from developing ballistic missiles and testing nuclear devices , recent financial developments may put the ban in jeopardy . Reminiscent of America cutting off rubber and oil supplies to Japan just prior to the Pearl Harbor attack and the onslaught of WWII , in November the council unanimously passed sanctions that include cutting North Korea 's coal exports .
Coal is one of the few sources of hard currency for the Kim regime after the country conducted its fifth test in September . Not unlike the Japanese in 1941 , this puts the North Koreans on the identical footing to make war with neighbors close and far away .
Will the Trump administration continue to rely on diplomatic paper to secure the American people ?
Utterly Speechless
Thomas Coville breaks the world record in solo in multihull , at the helm of Sodebo Ultim © Eloi Stichelbaut Thomas Coville breaks the world record in solo in multihull , at the helm of Sodebo Ultim © Eloi Stichelbaut
by John Curnow today at 1:59 amHe made land just on Christmas , and as their own special present to himself , set a new record of 49 days 3 hours 7 minutes and 38 seconds . It was well and truly under the 58-day record and the January 3 , 2017 at 4:23:57 am ( local time ) cut-off . Their fifth attempt at the record bettered Francis Joyon 's old mark from 2008 by 8 days , 10 hours , 26 minutes , and 28 seconds . So who got the left over pizzas then ? Seriously though , Joyon was of course one of the first to heap deserved praise on Coville . Note too , that it is not that long ago that this sort of mark would have been considered brilliant for a crewed assault .
Speaking of crewed adventures , IDEC Sport is after the Jules Verne title , having departed France just before Christmas ( 16/12/16 ) . Joyon is of course skippering this massive tri , and at the time of writing , they were 380nm ahead of Loick Peyron 's Banque Populaire V existing record of 45 days , 13 hours , 42 minutes , and 53 seconds in 2011 . They have already smashed out several 870nm 24-hour runs , with a top speed of over 37 knots . IDEC Sport is yet to crack BPV 's 41-knot top speed , but no doubt that will happen as well .
Back to single-handed and in the Vendée Globe , Alex Thomson ate the huge gap between themselves and favourite prior to the start , Armel Le Cléac ' h , down to just 28nm . At the time of writing this was back out to over 150nm between Banque Populaire VIII and Hugo Boss . It is totally amazing what this next generation of IMOCA 60s have done , and no doubt a new record will be set there , too . In the meantime , it will make for great reading .
So with IMOCA 60s and foiling in mind , you would think that the only ways to beat Perpetual Loyal 's terrific new mark for the Hobart of 1 day , 13 hours , 31 minutes , and 17 seconds are : to open up the size to over 100 feet ; wait for another 15 years when the weather window has the same view ; allow the technology curve to march on with someone who has a wallet to match ; or allow the multis in . Just on that , wo n't it be something to see Sean Langman 's Team Australia gets under 24 hours up on ETNZ 's old AC72 L Foils .
On the technology front , we had CQS with their ailerons on their J Foils . It was early days , similar to the right stuff era . No kites at all might have been optimistic , and their port DSS only just made it out of the Heads . In motor racing parlance , she 's gone back into the pits for the propeller heads to nut out the data , and then see what is next . In F1 , all the teams test in Spain for the Winter , but in yachting , it is Summer , and that will around soon enough .
So an interesting Euro season awaits , and we should expect her , or maybe even a successor , back for the 2017 haul South . As for the 2016 version , on the downside you had Comanche 's absence . Just imagine what they would have done with those conditions . Instead of five hours off , it could have been eight or more , but we will never know .
Also , no doubt WOXI are still pretty speechless . That would be hard to take , not insurmountable , but challenging . Comanche were on of the first to send their commiserations to the crew . There was much better news for the year for Richards in their role as Skipper of Grand Banks , however . So that may help a little , over the next couple of weeks or months . Hopefully the Oatley family will continue to campaign them so well .
Now if you would like to receive the Sail-World newsletter each week , then please go to the 'Newsletter ' button at the top of the Sail-World home page and enter your details . Simples ...
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/150837
MELVILLE , N.Y. ( AP ) - A small vintage airplane that was part of a GEICO stunt team crashed in a wooded residential area on Long Island , killing its pilot , Suffolk County police said Wednesday .
The pilot of the World War II-era GEICO Skytyper plane was pronounced dead at the scene shortly after the plane crashed and burned on a street lined on one side with houses .
`` It was fortunate that the plane crashed in the wooded area and not the residential part , '' Suffolk police Chief of Department Stuart Cameron told Newsday .
The pilot was the sole occupant on the plane and no one on the ground was injured , according to police . The Federal Aviation Administration said the crash involved an SNJ-2 aircraft , a World War II-era plane .
The Skytypers performed at this weekend 's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach . Telephone calls and email messages left with the GEICO Skytypers Air Show team were not immediately returned .
Photos of the wreckage show thick black smoke and raging orange flames . Officials said the plane broke apart before it hit the ground .
College student Lauren Peller , 19 , was in their home with their mother when the plane went down across the street next to woods .
`` We heard a loud noise , almost like a tree fell on the house , and we ran down the stairs and there was smoke and the plane was on fire , '' said Peller , adding that their mother then called 911 .
`` It 's extremely lucky that nothing was hit , '' said Melville First Assistant Fire Chief David Kaplan . `` Houses were approximately 200 feet away . ''
Accountant Lou Scaglione , of Deer Park , told Newsday they were eating lunch when they noticed five World War II planes . Then they said there were only four planes and they saw smoke over the trees .
`` It 's heartbreaking , '' Scaglione said . `` These planes are part of Long Island . It 's a shame that one of them is down over there . ''
Investigators for the National Transportation Safety Board were headed to the scene .
Bucs rookie wide receiver Chris Godwin has yet to strap on a pair of shoulder pads in the NFL , yet is also getting high praise from two Tampa Bay coaches .
After a shaky rookie mini-camp back in May , the light switch has apparently flipped , and Godwin , who was a PewterReport.com Best Bet , has been one of the standouts in the offseason workouts , including the past two days of mandatory mini-camp .
Former Falcons head coach and second-year Bucs defensive coordinator Mike Smith was the first to brag on the rookie from Penn State early in the afternoon on Tuesday hen speaking to the Tampa Bay media prior to practice .
“ ( He 's a ) big strong athletic wide receiver he 's a guy that 's tough to cover we are going to have match up issues because of their size , ” Smith said . “ I have been impressed with their ability to go up and compete with the ball as well as any guy I have been around . The 50-50 balls , he 's going to come down with them . ”
Head coach Dirk Koetter was asked about Godwin post practice , and compared them to one the most productive receivers in Falcons history . Although Koetter cautioned it was still early .
“ He does compete for the ball –but it 's way , way , way too early to say this – but in that respect , Chris reminds me a little bit like Roddy White , ” Koetter said . “ When I first went to Atlanta – of course Smitty had Roddy way before I did – he 's of similar size , a big guy that competes for the ball . Chris is off to a fast start . Let 's temper it until we get the pads on , but they did it last year at Penn State and he 's off to a good start here . That 's a good sign . ”
Warning : Spoilers for the latest episode of The Walking Dead past this point .
Well , that 's it then : Carl Grimes ( Chandler Riggs ) is winking at us with their one eye ( maybe he 's blinking ? ) in heaven , as one of the few remaining OG Walking Dead characters was ostensibly killed during the midseason finale , `` How It 's Got ta Be . ''
The event was jaw dropping not just because of how Carl went out via walker bite — and as a note , they will be back on the next episode for a proper goodbye — but that they went out at all . In the comics , the younger Grimes is very much alive , and the hope for the future . There are no plans to end the book any time soon , but creator Robert Kirkman has been pretty open that if there was an ending it would involve Carl . Not on the TV show , though ! Carl 's dead , dudes !
`` This is a one way ticket , '' showrunner Scott Gimple noted on Talking Dead , `` but the things we see in the next episode are so important to their life and the other characters ' lives . ''
And to that end ( pun intended ) , our favorite little psychopath headed to the Walking Dead post-show , Talking Dead , to , uh , talk about being dead .
`` Every moment in the series has led up to that moment , where he 's leading everyone in Alexandria , '' Riggs said in a taped statement . `` He 's definitely happy with the way things ended up , with them saving Alexandria ... It 's going to be really interesting to see what happens next . ''
The prospect of Riggs leaving the show has hung over the proceedings for a long time now . Unlike in the comics , where Carl is ( do n't know if you 're aware of this ) an inanimate drawing with no other commitments , Riggs has applied to colleges , started other projects , including dabbling in music , and generally has a real life to live . He 's been a part of the show since they were 10 years old , so it 's perfectly reasonable that at age 18 , he 'd like to go and do something else .
This also allows the show to branch out in new and surprising directions . This season has been a relatively straight adaptation of the comic storyline `` All Out War . '' But with Carl gone , that means we have no idea what is coming next . Or at least , like how the show varies from the comics to deal with original characters such as Daryl ( Norman Reedus ) , there 's the opportunity to veer into unknown territory in the future .
Still , we 'll miss Riggs in all their long-haired , tree-making-out , roller-skating glory . RIP , Carl .
The Walking Dead returns Sunday , Feb. 25 at 9/8c on AMC .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Millionaire Tory donors blew tens of thousands of pounds to secure luxury dinners with ministers , ­private hunting trips and a ride in Jacob Rees-Mogg 's Bentley during a ­lavish fundraiser .
Guests paid up to £1,500 a head for the annual Summer Party , held on Monday at London 's exclusive Hurlingham Club and hosted by PM Theresa May .
As their Cabinet teetered on the edge of implosion over Brexit , desperate ministers had to rattle the Tory donation tin .
Boris Johnson , David Davis , Michael Gove , Liz Truss and Gavin Williamson were seen “ working the room ” , getting rich supporters to part with their cash .
Scroll down to see the items up for auction
( Image : PA )
But Labour Party chairperson Ian Lavery said : “ Rather than swanning about at fancy dinners , ministers should be hard at work fixing the mess they are making of Brexit , the crisis they have created in our public services and the falling living standards of people across the country . ”
Anger among Remain-backing City donors has made this year 's fundraiser all the more crucial for Mrs May .
Contributions from the party 's biggest hedge fund backers have collapsed as they fear they are “ botching ” Brexit .
One Conservative donor reportedly said yesterday : “ A group of us were at the Tory bash last night . We were all asking why we fund this sh * * show . ”
Speaking at the event , Mrs May pleaded with their party to “ stand together ” .
They said : “ The stakes are high - perhaps higher than we have ever known in our political lifetimes . We each have a choice to make . Will we come together and stand together as a party , as a government and as a country ?
“ Or will we be divided , and allow the scale of the challenge , the complexity of the questions to overwhelm us ? ”
Desperate Tories pulled out all the stops to appease disillusioned backers during the event , with guests dining on smoked trout and beef fillet .
And I 'm A Celebrity winner Georgia Toffolo posed for selfies with activists and ministers .
The Menu
MPs and guests at the Conservatives ' Summer Party were served a starter of Oak smoked trout , semi dried tomatoes , avocado cream , shallot and lemon oil dressing .
The main course was Scottish beef fillet , mini cottage pie , creamed spinach and oyster mushrooms .
A ‘ mix of desserts ' was served to finish the meal .
The meal was accompanied by a choice of a 2015 Mas Rabell white wine , from Torres in Catalonie and a 2015 Montes Classic Series Merlot from Chile 's Colchagua Valley .
Both wines retail for around £10 a bottle .
The Venue
The fundraiser was held at the Hurlingham Club , a Georgian private sports and social club set in 42 acres of grounds along the Thames in Fulham , West London .
Originally a gun club which boasted King Edward VII as an early patron , it is also famous for having published the original rules of polo .
The Duchess of Cambridge and their sister Pippa Middleton regularly play tennis on the club 's , and Prince Philip is the current patron .
There is currently a thirty-year waiting list for membership , and new joiners must be proposed and seconded by two current full club members .
And the items up for auction
A ride in Jacob Rees-Mogg 's Bentley
One paid thousands to be driven around Somerset by leading Brexiteer Mr Rees-Mogg in one of their vintage Bentleys . The sale 's brochure boasted the posh MP would also serve a “ home-cooked meal ” .
Labour MP John Mann said : `` Rees-Mogg can only afford a Bentley through their second job . They should have it embossed with the logo ‘ paid for whilst moonlighting ' .
`` My raffle prizes are being donated by retired miners , cleaners and textile workers . The price may differ , but the value is greater . ''
Lib Dem leader Vince Cable added : `` I imagine the drive around their estate alone would be a long one - giving nanny plenty of time to prepare luncheon . ”
Dinner cooked by Michael Gove , in their kitchen
Environment Secretary Mr Gove and journalist wife Sarah Vine offered up a “ fascinating evening of dinner and discourse ” – including a meal prepared by them and served at their kitchen table .
University Challenge with David Lidington
( Image : BBC )
Mrs May 's deputy David Lidington auctioned off a chance to challenge them to a round of University Challenge .
They were captain of the Sidney Sussex College team that won the 1979 series of the TV quiz .
'Women and the Conservative Party ' with Esther McVey
Work and Pensions Secretary Esther McVey promised a tour of the Conservative Party archives , with particular focus on female Tories . They will also join the winner for lunch .
A Museum tour with Boris Johnson
And Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson offered the chance to benefit from their “ vast historic knowledge ” with a guided tour for five around a Central London museum .
An actual lectern used by David Cameron
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Among the memorabilia sold in the silent auction was a signed portrait of Margaret Thatcher and a lectern used by David Cameron .
The auction brochure boasted the lectern could be used “ to inspire your own speech practice at home ! ”
Luxury holidays
Luxury holidays on offer included a private villa for 12 on the Caribbean island of Mustique , a stay in a five-bedroom converted barn designed by supermodel Kate Moss and a “ cheetah experience ” in Namibia .
Pheasant shooting in Leicester and quail hunting in Texas
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Donors also bid to shoot pheasant and partridge on a private Leicestershire estate , and quail on a 14,000-acre ranch in Texas .
`` The hunt will provide guns and ammo and a lunch afterwards , '' reads the brochure .
The League Against Cruel Sports claimed the hunting trips “ fly in the face ” of Michael Gove 's attempt to address public concern over animal welfare .
Campaigns director Chris Luffingham said : “ Millions of birds are shot and killed every shooting season in the UK in the name of ‘ sport ' . Many are shot for fun and their bodies dumped or incinerated rather than making it to the dinner table . We hope the Conservative Party will take steps to address rather than promote ‘ game ' bird suffering . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An alleged Russian 'Jack the Ripper ' has been accused of killing and mutilating 19 women in Siberia .
Former police officer Evgeny Chuplinsky , 52 , reportedly happily married to a glamorous and acclaimed dentist , targeted sex workers in the city of Novosibirsk , masking their butchery by making the murders appear to have a satanic motive , say prosecutors .
They allegedly used a knife to cut off the breasts of their victims , and severed their heads .
They are believed to have told detectives that prostitutes were `` bad for society '' before retracting a confession to the killings .
Chuplinsky is married to a prominent dentist and the couple have two teenage daughters .
( Photo : The Siberian Times )
Described as a 'good family man ' , they claimed : `` I am not Winnie the Pooh - but also very far from being a monster . ''
A taxi driver who later worked in construction , they were known to neighbours as `` caring and kind '' , and there was `` disbelief '' when they were charged .
They are accused of 19 murders between 1998 to 2000 , when they married their wife , according to details of the case which have been released ahead of their trial .
The mutilated bodies of some victims - many left unrecognisable - had 'satanic signs ' carved on them with a knife , and symbols were also found on wooden boards at one crime scene , '' reported The Siberian Times .
Some remains were not found until 2006 .
They later told investigators that they deliberately sought to mislead police by using the devilish depictions .
( Photo : The Siberian Times )
The women disappeared from an area known as 'drunken road ' , a red-light district , and their crimes started before they left the police .
They are accused of driving their victims to deserted locations , then killing and dismembering them .
Their wife was quoted on their husband 's arrest , saying only : `` You must understand that a maniac can not change their nature .
`` It is completely normal , that a person like this can not suddenly become normal . ''
Police checked more than 5,000 , and held 8,000 `` interrogations '' before detaining Chuplinsky , a suspect who had been previously arrested on suspicion of the killings .
Investigators said that sophisticated DNA matching - not available at the time the bodies were found - linked them to the crimes .
( Photo : The Siberian Times )
After retracting their earlier confessions , Chuplinsky said that their genetic trace was on the dead women because they had regularly associated with prostitutes .
`` Of course , there is nothing to be proud of , but before I retired in 2003 I had been actively communicating with prostitutes on the 'drunken road ' with whom I 'd built good relationships , '' they said .
`` This happened quite often . ''
They claimed : `` I was in close touch with prostitutes who were working on my patrol route .
`` It was about getting information about different crimes and offences .
`` I used their knowledge .
`` With their assistance I solved crimes and detained drunk drivers .
`` Sometimes I let drivers go for a bribe , it 's a sin of course . I was protecting them from physical harassment . ''
If convicted , they will be the second ex-police officer serial killer in Siberia in recent years who claimed to be targeting prostitutes or young women whose morals they judged to be 'loose ' .
( Photo : The Siberian Times )
Mikhail Popkov , from Angarsk in Irkutsk region , known as The Werewolf , was in 2015 convicted of killing 22 women , but has since confessed to murdering another 60 , for which they are expected to stand trial this year .
They routinely raped their victims before murdering them with axes , knives and screwdrivers .
They wanted to 'cleanse the streets of prostitutes ' . Their total of 82 makes them one of the world 's worst known serial killers .
Another Novosibirsk killer , Andrey Ivanov , 40 , also a taxi driver , was convicted last year of killing four women . They also claimed to target prostitutes .
Neighbours told how Chuplinsky one calmly talked to a woman `` with a broken heart '' , saving them from suicide .
The couple were 'happily married ' and lived in an elite block .
Local community leader Yekaterina Belonog said : `` He was one of the most active members of our community .
`` He was kind , attentive , and never caused any negative feelings . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen
I 'm a woman in my mid-40s and have been in a relationship with someone for just over a year . I 'd known them through work previously and knew they had an ex-wife and two grown-up kids of 18 and 21 .
They moved into my place a couple of months ago and it 's been great , but it bothers me that he 's not keen for me to meet their kids , even though they split from their mum three years ago , way before I came on to the scene . Whenever I bring it up , they fob me off and admitted the other day that they have n't told them we 're living together yet .
They still go over to the family home several times a week to see the kids , although they usually time it for when their ex is at work . They are civil to one another for the sake of the children , but there 's no love lost between them .
I was really irritated last week when they told me they wanted to take the kids on holiday on their own this summer .
When are they going to factor me into the equation ? I 'd be happy to have them visit us .
Coleen says
I do n't think it has anything to do with you , so you should n't take it personally .
It sounds as if he 's struggling with guilt over their marriage ending and leaving the family home , so now he 's very sensitive to anything that might upset the apple cart in terms of their kids . And I know they 're grown up , but age wo n't come into it for them – they 're just their kids and he 'll want to do their best by them whatever age they are .
They might have been giving your relationship a bit of time to develop before making the kids a part of things , but now you 've been together a year and are living together , I think they should explain to them that things are serious with you and , when they feel ready , he 'd like them to meet you .
At 18 and 21 they ought to be able to handle that information .
When you talk to your partner , instead of making it all about meeting the kids , explain the situation is making you feel insecure about the relationship and how committed they are to it going forward .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Popstar Rita Ora has lamented losing thousands of pounds after investing in a failed invention that would allow women to pee standing up .
The Hot Right Now singer hoped to revolutionise music festivals by putting money into the quirky device , which was a sort of cup that women could urinate in so they did n't have to lose their place at the front of the stage when nature called .
Unfortunately for Rita , the unusual project did n't work out , leading the star to describe it as one of their `` worst '' investments ever .
“ It let you wee on the spot so you do n't lose your spot after waiting for like five hours .
“ It fell through and it looked weird and I thought , ‘ I ca n't be bothered to do this , you know what , just wee on the floor . ' That is one of my worst investments , '' Rita explained to The Sun .
( Photo : WireImage )
Rita , 26 , is no stranger to the music festival scene , having clocked appearances at both V Festival and Wireless over the summer .
But these days she 's more devoted to their on-screen career , notching up credits in the upcoming Fifty Shades of Grey sequel , Fifty Shades Darker , and landing a plum role as host and judge of America 's Next Top Model .
Rita 's replaced long-time host Tyra Banks , who stepped down earlier this year , and leads an all-new panel alongside model Ashley Graham , celebrity stylist Law Roach , and Paper magazine 's Drew Elliott .
They recently told Paper magazine that they took the initiative to approach Top Model and apply for Tyra 's job themselves , explaining : `` I 'm lucky to have friends in this industry , and I thought maybe if I call them and we create a credible panel and give a different perspective of America 's Next Top Model , I could actually be the host . ''
( Photo : Getty )
`` I 'm not here to tell them what to do , '' added Rita . `` I 'm here to show them that they can do this , too . I 'm an example of what you can achieve because it 's worked .
`` I do n't think just taking a photo is enough anymore . We focus on how you 're going to create a fan base on social media , how you 're going to make people want to imitate you . That for me is the difference between somebody who 's just a regular model and somebody who 's a superstar . ''
Meanwhile , Rita has also been tackling the fashion world in another upcoming movie , Wonderwell , which co-stars the late Carrie Fisher .
`` It 's fantastic ! '' Rita recently told Popsugar . `` The script really took me by surprise . I 'm like a fashion designer with powers . It 's like The Devil Wears Prada meets Maleficent . Carrie Fisher plays the good witch , and I 'm the bad witch . I 'm basically out to get these two kids who have powers that I need to take over the world . ''
LATEST : What was initially reported as a stabbing is now being reported as a bike riding accident , with a man transferred to hospital with a serious chest wound .
john mccutcheon
The man was transported from outside the Buderim Lakeshore Community Church of Christ this morning after they received a `` puncture '' to their chest and a large loss of blood .
Queensland Ambulance Service operations supervisor Brian Hughes could not confirm whether the injury was caused from a stabbing .
john mccutcheon
However , police said the victim told officers they fell off their bike , causing the injury and did not want to make a complaint .
Police said the victim was not interested in talking to police about the matter .
john mccutcheon
They were taken to the Sunshine Coast University Hospital .
Their friends on the scene , a male and female , would not comment to media however appeared to be smiling and laughing while talking to paramedics .
The scene outside a Buderim church where a man was reported to have been stabbed . john mccutcheon
UPDATE : A MAN has suffered a serious chest wound and massive blood loss , flying into a panic as paramedics tried to treat their injuries in a Sunshine Coast street .
Friends made a frantic phone call from Lakeshore Ave , Buderim at 10.24am , with inital reports the man had been stabbed in the chest .
Queensland Ambulance Service operations supervisor Brian Hughes said the 32-year-old male victim 's anxiety drove them into a meltdown as paramedics arrived , but they were able to calm them enough to treat the `` puncture '' wound .
The man has been taken to the Sunshine Coast University Hospital in a stable condition , and Mr Hughes said their injuries were not life threatening .
Paramedics have not been able to confirm whether the incident was a stabbing .
Photos View Photo Gallery
UPDATE : Paramedics are assessing the injuries of a man reportedly stabbed in a Sunshine Coast street , just hours after the area swelled with crowds for the Anzac Day march .
The stabbing was reported at 10.24am at Lakeshore Ave , Buderim .
Three other men and a woman are also at the scene speaking to police , and The Daily understands the four are friends of the man .
Residents heard one of the friends in a frantic phone call in a nearby park after the stabbing .
Four ambulance crews and one police unit are now on the scene .
BREAKING : Police and paramedics are arriving at the scene of a reported stabbing outside a Sunshine Coast home .
A 000 caller reported the stabbing from a property at Lakeshore Ave , Buderim at 10.24am .
More to come .
Related Coverage A brighter economic outlook is giving Fed confidence to act
( ABC News ) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year , which could cause long-term rates to rise .
The increase in the Fed 's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers . The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year , unchanged from its previous forecast . It gave no hint of when that might occur .
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one : It believes the U.S. economy remains on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession , with little risk of a recession . Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed 's 2 percent target , it foresees improvement in both measures over time .
And the most important pillar of the economy — the job market — remains solid if slowing , with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment .
The Fed 's decision to raise rates , announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting , was approved on an 8-1 vote with Neel Kashkari , head of the Fed 's Minneapolis regional bank , dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged .
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year — “ provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated ” — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds . The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates . That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $ 4.5 trillion .
Related Content : A brighter economic outlook is giving Fed confidence to act
On Wednesday , the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process . This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates .
Under the plan it unveiled , the Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $ 6 billion and $ 4 billion in mortgage bonds . Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $ 30 billion a month in Treasurys and $ 20 billion in mortgage bonds .
By using a gradual pace for reducing its bond holdings , the Fed hopes to avoid upsetting financial markets .
“ With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year , it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy , ” said Curt Long , chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions .
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it still foresees one additional rate increase this year , to follow Wednesday 's increase and an earlier rate hike in March .
The rate forecast , based on the individual projections for each member , envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019 . By then , the Fed 's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent . That 's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating economic growth nor restraining it .
But the Fed 's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve .
The revised economic forecast bowed to reality by reducing its estimate for unemployment by year 's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent . Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent .
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent , up slightly from its March forecast , with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019 . Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve with tax cuts , deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs .
The central also updated its projections for inflation to take account of a slowdown . It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year , down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent . The Fed continues to project that prices , as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending , will rise 2 percent in 2018 and 2019 , achieving its target .
At the moment , uncertainty surrounds the membership of the Fed 's own policy committee . President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed 's influential board , and those new members , depending on who they are , could alter its rate-setting policy .
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies . They include Randal Quarles , a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations , for the vice chairperson 's job of overseeing bank regulation . Marvin Goodfriend , an economist at Carnegie Mellon University , has been mentioned for another board spot , and Robert Jones , chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana , reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker .
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “ hawkish ” stance . Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles . By contrast , “ doves ” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen , favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment .
Yellen , the first woman to lead the Fed , is serving a term that will end in February . So far , Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term .
Los Angeles electronic trio The Glitch Mob — comprised of Justin Boreta , Ed Ma and Joshua Mayer — are Red Rocks veterans who keep the world on its toes with their bass-heavy output . With a dark aesthetic and a distinctly thick and thumping sound , the trio has made an instantly identifiable brand for themselves in the EDM world . Coming through Denver to play alongside Chromeo at Funk on the Rocks , we caught up with the Mob to talk about their new album See Without Eyes , their experience as a near Red Rocks staple and technology 's role in their music .
303 Magazines : It 's been four years since Love Death Immortality ( 2014 ) . What have you been up to and what inspired your new album See Without Eyes ?
Justin Boreta : After Love Death and Immortality came out in 2014 , we toured all of that year and into 2015 . We took a little bit of time off to relax , but we pretty much jumped right back into writing this album . See Without Eyes is a result of our musical process — we went out to Joshua Tree for a little bit to get inspiration , to clear out the cobwebs of touring and to recharge . Our process all around is using our tools to explore new ways of crafting music to explore our own selves and become better people each day .
303 : See Without Eyes was accompanied by an entire visual component and VR experience , what was the intention behind such an immersive experience ?
JB : [ With ] the VR aspect , as we do with many of our collaborations , we offered the music and we wanted to get a natural reaction to it . For example , Elohim who played with us tonight — we gave them the song , they heard something and recorded it . With the VR project , it was created by a friend of ours at Strangeloop . They heard the album and created all the YouTube videos for it using Unity , a game engine that allowed them to make VR content . They sort of future proofed the video as they saw how the album would lend itself because there 's a whole story in there . For us , it was another way to get into the music .
303 : You guys are coming to Red Rocks today with a revamped version of your stage set up , The Blade . What 's changed and what can we expect ?
Ed Ma : The Blade has gotten a serious upgrade and facelift on many levels . I think the main thing is , we 're really big on performing our music with the energy of a rock band , but obviously it 's electronic music . The Blade is just our instrument to express that . This time around , a lot of the computer hardware and touchscreen technology is powered by Dell 's Alienware .
303 : You guys have come to Red Rocks on a number of tours , what does it mean to you to play this venue time after time ?
JB : Red Rocks is such an iconic place . People from all over the world ask us when we have an interview , “ what 's the best place to play ? ” and we always say Red Rocks . There 's something about our music that just has a cinematic feel to it and the venue has that same thing built into it . It 's one of the most beautiful and natural environments in the world , and it 's a rite of passage to play here . In fact , one of our earliest shows was playing here with STS9 where we played a set break for 30 minutes in 2007 . Tonight is our sixth time here , and in Colorado , we have a very deep connection with our fans and is one of our most important places to come and play .
303 : A lot of electronic-focused artists come through Colorado , why do you think Colorado is such a mecca for electronic music ?
JB : It 's hard to say . It feels like there 's a culture of going out to see live music here . Having a venue like Red Rocks and a culture of a lot of live bands — you 'll see the wall ( backstage ) with names like the Grateful Dead and Bob Weir having played 20 times or something like that . There 's just a deep connection and support for that here .
303 : Speaking on your new album , what do you hope people take away from See Without Eyes ?
EM : We 're always big on letting the listener determine what the music means to them , how they chose to interpret the music and connect feelings and emotions to it . At the end of the day , as musicians , we put the music and the art out there , and hopefully , it reaches people in a positive way .
303 : It 's been eight years since Drink the Sea , how have you guys changed as a band ?
EM : As a band , you 're constantly evolving , but not just as a band but as human beings , as brothers , as musicians… For us , like Phil Jackson said , “ it 's the journey , not the destination. ” Life is a constant cycle of growth and change , and change is the only constant , really . The people we are now , obviously there 's a big portion that 's different than when we made Drink the Sea , but to this day , there 's so much of that album that 's in the three of us and will be for the rest of our lives .
303 : More and more with within the electronic genre you see the merger of technology at the forefront , why as an act that continues to push technological boundaries , do you think that 's important ?
JB : Technology for us is just a way to perform the music . At the end of the day , the means justify the ends . We love music technology , but it 's not about that . We 're interested in playing music in new and interesting ways , and technology has to get out of the way for that .
All photography by Alden Bonecutter , unless noted otherwise .
HELSINKI — February 6 , 2017 — Suominen , a globally leading supplier of nonwovens , will exhibit at INDEX17 , a four-day nonwovens industry event , in Geneva , Switzerland , on April 4–7 , 2017 .
Thanks to the company 's recent investments in production technology , product development and other strategic capabilities , Suominen will showcase its broadest range of innovation ever designed for wipes , hygiene products and medical applications . We will present our latest innovations for household , workplace , as well as flushable wipes while introducing new freshness to the baby segment .
Suominen booth visitors will also have a chance to discover our approach to sustainability and how we continue to be pioneers in terms of environmental and social responsibility .
You are warmly welcomed to visit our booth # 1522 to learn more about Suominen , a market-driven , global nonwovens company creating materials that make customers stand out .
Run With Suominen
We would also like to invite you to start your day with either a stimulating jog , or a brisk , refreshing walk along the beautiful Pedestrian Promenade at Lake Geneva with the Suominen team .
If you wish to join us , please meet our team at 7.00 am at Monument Brunswick on Thursday 6 April morning .
To reserve your spot on the starting post , kindly let us know by return e-mail to messages @ suominencorp.com .
Posted February 6 , 2017
Source : Suominen
Kyra Schenk could n't buy a basket in the first quarter of Tuesday night 's Comprehensive Women 's Health Services Schuylkill League semifinal against Mahanoy Area at Martz Hall .
Pottsville 's senior post player missed their first eight shots from the floor . They missed their first four attempts from the free-throw line .
Then , they got hot . Oh my , did they get hot .
Finishing with 24 points — to go along with 19 rebounds and five blocked shots — Schenk , who averaged a double-double through the regular season , powered the Crimson Tide to a 45-39 , overtime victory over the Golden Bears , gaining Pottsville a berth in the Friday 's league championship game opposite Minersville , a 69-38 victor over Pine Grove in the night 's opening game .
Schenk proved to be the difference in a game that the Tide trailed by five after a quarter , led by seven at the half and was tied on four different occasions in the fourth quarter .
On top of it all , they never left the floor , playing all 36 minutes .
“ The nerves kind of get to me sometimes , ” said Schenk of their slow start in Tuesday 's game . “ But , I just figured my team needs me .
“ And my team made really good passes to get me the ball . ”
Through the final third of the regular season ,
Tide coach Curt Ziegmont noted after the game , Pottsville 's outside shooting tandem of Sadie Comfort and Lexi Plachko had complemented Schenk 's inside scoring with a strong helping of 3-pointers .
Tuesday night , that was n't an option , although the tandem did account for a trio of long-range field goals .
“ What Mahanoy was doing was challenging and taking away our 3-point shots , ” said Ziegmont . “ And that left a lot of opportunities for Schenk inside .
“ We were taking what the defense was giving us . ”
Even so , Schenk scored a lot of their points with Bears ' sophomore post player Madison Cavenas draped all over them
After the slow first quarter , Schenk scored six in the second quarter , sparking a 16-4 Pottsville run that created the 20-13 halftime edge .
In the third , they scored eight of their team 's 11 , and in the fourth , they accounted for all six Pottsville points as Mahanoy went on an 11-6 run that forced the overtime .
“ I thought we played good defense , played their tough , ” said Mahanoy Area coach Tom Scheeler . “ Madison ( Cavenas ) was all over her , and as a team we did a good job helping out on them
“ She worked for everything they got . ”
While Pottsville was overcoming its slow first quarter to move into a halftime lead , it was Mahanoy that could n't find a way to score .
A Megan Bisco 3-pointer to open the second quarter put the Bears in front 12-4 , but they did n't score again until Jada Byrne hit the back end of a 3-shot foul nearly five minutes later .
In between , the Tide reeled off 11 straight points , then closed with five straight to take the game into the half .
“ That second quarter , ” said Scheeler , their voice trailing off . “ Their size , they 're a lot bigger than we are and they were able to use that to their advantage .
“ That 's ( Pottsville ) a team that went through the big division undefeated and that 's not an easy task . Our effort was there . We battled . ”
While some might think that early on , the Tide got caught looking ahead to a potential rematch with an unbeaten Minersville team that defeated them on the Martz floor in the title game of the Gatorade Classic back in December , Ziegmont said that was n't the case .
“ We were n't looking past anybody , ” Ziegmont said . “ We were just missing too many shots . As a coach , what you ca n't control is what you worry about .
“ In the second quarter , we really came around . That second quarter is ultimately what got us into overtime . ”
And while it was Schenk that put up the biggest numbers , there were other significant contributions .
Comfort finished with eight points , including two 3-pointers . Plachko added six , including a key 3-pointer during the big second-quarter run . Madison Sherakas ran the point effectively , and Autumn Tarconish scored six points and , more importantly , backed up Schenk 's 19 rebounds with eight of their own .
For Mahanoy Area , which now looks ahead to the District 11 Class AA Tournament , Megan Babinsky was the scoring leader with 12 points and achieved a double-double with 10 rebounds . Abbey McGee finished with eight points , while Cavenas pulled down six rebounds .
“ This is a bonus making the league playoffs , ” said Scheeler . “ But we were n't just happy to be here . We wanted to win .
“ So it is disappointing . ”
Game Summary
Schuylkill League SemifinalsAt Martz Hall
POTTSVILLE ( 45 ) — Sherakas 1 0-0 2 , Plachko 2 1-2 6 , Tarconish 2 1-5 5 , Comfort 3 0-0 8 , Schenk 10 4-9 24 , Skosnick 0 0-0 0 , Coyle 0 0-0 0 . Totals 18 6-16 45 .
MAHANOY AREA ( 39 ) — Byrne 1 3-5 5 , Babinsky 5 0-0 12 , Bisco 2 0-0 6 , McGee 3 2-2 8 , Cavenas 1 0-4 2 , Bernardyn 0 0-0 0 , Karmonick 2 0-0 6 . Totals 14 5-11 39 .
Pot ( 19-4 ) 4 16 11 6 8 — 45 MA ( 19-4 ) 9 4 13 11 2 — 39
3-point FGs : Comfort 2 , Plachko , Babinsky 2 , Bisco 2 , Karmonick 2
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ashley Young and Luke Shaw have made big strides towards their Manchester United comebacks .
The crocked duo played in a full-contact six-a-side match on the Old Trafford pitch following United 's 4-0 thumping of West Ham on Sunday .
Left-back Shaw damaged their ankle ligaments against Swansea in April and winger Young needed groin surgery after the Celta Vigo Europa League away match in May , report the Manchester Evening News .
Both were on crutches at the Stockholm final and on United 's tour of America manager Jose Mourinho said Shaw was expected back in September and Young in October .
( Image : Matthew Peters )
( Image : REUTERS )
But there was no shirking in the post-match mini-game from either and both looked fit and prepared to go into challenges .
On full-on session last more than 45 minutes and it looks like the duo are on the last lap of their comebacks with returns possible before Mourinho 's expectations .
It was a departure from Mourinho 's normal warm-down with all their seven subs for the West Ham game , even Marouane Fellaini , Jesse Lingard and Anthony Martial who came on in the 4-0 win against the Hammers .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Non-playing squad members , such as new £30m defender Victor Lindelof , were also taking part in the session .
Early returns for Shaw and Young would leave Marcos Rojo as United 's only long-term casualty .
The Argentine defender ruptured their cruciate knee ligaments against Anderlecht at the end of April .
They are not expected back until December at the earliest .
Pringles advert reveals the right way to eat them
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
President Donald Trump appears to have made a disappointing gaffe after they were caught on camera signing a little boy 's Easter hat before tossing it into the crowd - instead of handing it back to the child .
In the footage , the US president signs the red cap with a black marker before throwing it into a swarm of supporters .
While Mr Trump laughs and moves on to sign another hat , the little boy and their family yell `` No ! ''
The White House 's Easter Egg Roll , a big event in Washington DC every year , is an opportunity for the president to meet and greet the public .
( Photo : Reuters )
( Photo : Reuters )
Speaking at this year 's event , they said : `` This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll . Think of it . It began a long time ago , 1878 .
`` And we will be stronger and bigger an better as a nation than ever before . We are right on track . You see what 's happening , and we are right on track . So thank you everybody for being here . ”
Activities at the event include a 'Bunny Hop ' stage and a reading area , along with a station where kids can whack eggs with wooden spoons .
SIMCOE -
Donald Trump , Queen Elizabeth and Abraham Lincoln were among the characters featured in humorous skits during the Simcoe Lions 67th annual spring variety show last weekend at Simcoe Composite School .
The Lions filled the gymnasium Friday and Saturday for two performances on the 1970s theme of Get Into The Groove .
Lion Dave Pond told the crowd that the goal was to raise $ 25,000 -- something Pond said would be a good downpayment on “ a community hub . ”
Spotlight singers for the evening included local talent Devyn Descheemaeker , Brook Shafto , Felicia McMinn and James Grant .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A `` heartbroken '' mum-to-be has claimed that they were left to miscarry at home after a hospital refused to see them
Emily Daft 's pregnancy was classed as high risk , but when they started bleeding , staff at Nottingham 's Queen 's Medical Centre told them to stay at home .
A private scan confirmed that the 24-year-old was about to lose the baby but they were still told that they could not be seen that day .
The hospital has apologised for the distress caused .
Emily , who had previously miscarried , told Mirror.co.uk : `` The only way I found out we had lost the baby was by paying .
`` It was at the IVF clinic at our own cost , by the same nurse that showed us our baby 's heartbeat , that we were sadly told and shown our baby had died .
( Image : Emily Daft )
`` We were left absolutely heartbroken . ''
Emily said that they had been assured in-depth monitoring because of a complex disease and a high risk of another miscarriage .
They said that the hospital advised them to stay on their medication throughout the pregnancy - all 18 of them amounting to more than 40 tablets a day .
Due to the unknown risk factors that taking this medication could pose to their unborn child , the hospital told Emily that they would require monitoring as soon as they were pregnant , they said .
But they claim that monitoring did not happen , and when Emily was weeks pregnant , they found through a private scan that their baby 's heart had stopped beating approximately two weeks earlier .
'' We were supposed to be under monitoring by QMC as soon as a viable pregnancy was established but the care we were promised did not happen .
'' Our GP referred us straight away , but we were then told the referral was lost in the many letters they receive - and QMC told us this was why it was not prioritised correctly . ''
( Image : Nottingham Post/BPM Media )
Emily told Mirror.co.uk that they wanted to share their story to highlight the fact that the QMC has a unit specialising in early pregnancy , and yet they were refused care until after the miscarriage .
'' We were refused care despite being IVF , with a history of miscarriage and several complex diseases , and being advised to stay on the 18-plus medications a day that had unknown risks .
'' We were told by my midwife that we were classed as the highest risk possible ... our question is why were we not monitored ?
'' We want change , so it does n't happen to us , or anyone else again .
'' My own parents feel so desperate to help us further , that they are paying for regular scanning in our next pregnancy .
'' We now have no trust in being monitored by the NHS after the repeated failures we witnessed .
'' Monitoring was the only area of my care we had hoped , pleaded , and relied on QMC for help with - and they could n't even do that , '' Emily said .
Lucy Kean , clinical chair for obstetrics and gynaecology at QMC , said : `` We send our condolences to the family and are sorry to hear of the concerns raised by Mrs Daft and for the distressed caused .
`` We will be contacting Mrs Daft further so that we can better understand their experience and how we can support them and their family at this difficult time . ''
The Dix Hills Fire Department broke ground Monday on an $ 8 million capital project that has been on the drawing board for eight years .
The project includes renovating the department 's existing headquarters building , construction of a new , four-bay substation and significant exterior site renovations .
The work will take place at the department 's headquarters at 115 E. Deer Park Rd. , near the Northern State Parkway .
“ This is long overdue , ” said Larry Feld , chairperson of the department 's board of commissioners . “ We have n't done any construction here and we are busting out of the building . ”
The existing headquarters , built in 1956 , no longer meet Occupational Safety and Health Administration and National Fire Protection Association standards ; it has cracked masonry and brick and is missing mortar ; has undersized sanitary systems and plumbing issues requiring modernization ; is not handicapped accessible ; is too small to safely accommodate modern fire and ambulance vehicles ; and has extensive exterior erosion , drainage and paving problems . All of these issues will be addressed in the renovation .
The new 10,000-square-foot substation will be a pre-engineered building , placed in the north parking lot , Feld said .
The department has 175 members and has a coverage area of nearly 25 square miles that serves a population of more 27,000 people .
Last year , fire district voters approved a 25-year , $ 6.5 million municipal bond . The rest of the project will be paid for with $ 1.5 million in capital reserve funds .
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Hauppauge-based Bartlett , Amoruso & Recce Architects PC , is providing architectural supervision , with Rick Bartlett heading the project .
“ This project will be beneficial safetywise for the department , and it 's a benefit to the community as well as we continue to grow , ” Feld said .
Never one to do things in any expected order , This Is Us creator Dan Fogelman revealed that they have “ already shot pieces of the final scene of the series . ”
That revelation — among several others — came Tuesday night during a For-Your-Consideration Emmy event in Los Angeles . “ We 're pretty far out , ” Fogelman told the crowd . “ Our writers and I are kind of to the end . We know where it ends and we have a path for each season of the show . We 've always had a plan . We did n't want to get stuck . We had the kids and the timelines , and had to have a plan . I do n't think this show despite any success it may or may not have , will overstay its welcome . ”
But while fans can rest easy knowing that there 's a method to Fogelman 's madness , we still have the matter of “ her ” to address . You know , the “ her ” Randall said they are n't ready to see after the Season 2 finale time jump ? Many fans are speculating that Beth could be This Is Us ‘ next major casualty , taking up Jack 's mantel as the show 's how-did-they-die character .
“ I 'm not going to tell you who [ ‘ her ' is ] , but it sort of leads to the end game of our show , not the end of the season per se , but the show as a whole , ” teased actor Sterling K. Brown , who joined the event from New York via Skype . “ And who you think the ‘ her ' is , is probably not who it is in typical Fogelman style. ” Alluding to those in attendance — Mandy Moore ( Rebecca ) , Justin Hartley ( Kevin ) , Chrissy Metz ( Kate ) , Chris Sullivan ( Toby ) and Susan Kelechi Watson ( Beth ) — Brown added , “ It could be one of those people on stage . ”
As for what fans can expect in Season 3 , which Fogelman called “ our biggest and most ambitious ” yet , here are a few more teases from Tuesday 's event :
* The show is taking a “ deep dive ” into Beth 's backstory , specifically their teenage years , during which they developed their strength , Fogelman said . They also indicated that Kelechi Watson “ will get a showcase . ”
* “ We 'll see if that goes well and [ how it ] effects their sobriety , ” Hartley said of Kevin 's relationship with Zoe , with whom he 's flying to Vietnam . On top of that ( and a new movie ! ) , Kevin will also be “ dealing with finding out information they did n't even know about their father . ”
* Speaking of Papa Pearson , “ We 're going to dive into Jack 's experience in Vietnam this season , ” Fogelman revealed , adding that “ we actually considered a little flash to them waking up in Vietnam [ during the house fire ] but we took it out . ”
* On a ( potentially ) lighter note , “ Kate and Toby have a journey this season , and it 's a journey about them trying to start a family. ” Fogelman revealed , adding that Kate will also continue to deal with Toby 's depression . ( Come on , I said potentially lighter . )
Do you think Beth will be the next to go on This Is Us ? Drop a comment with all of your Season 3 thoughts and theories below .
MACH : The second Bolan Jeep Rally commenced in Bibi Nani area near Mach on Monday . The rally would continue till March 21 under the aegis of the Balochistan government and Southern Command Headquarters . Known drivers and adventure sportsmen , both male and female are participating .
It is being held for jeeps over 4000 cc , jeeps of 3000 to 4000 cc , vehicles ranging from 2000 to 3000 cc and 1000 to 2000 cc . More than 6.7 million rupees would be distributed among the winning drivers .
A special 90 Km long track has been prepared for the jeep rally . A tent village has also been established in the beautiful valley of Bibi Nani . The Bolan Jeep Rally will promote tourism and economic activities in the area .
The state of Dale District School By John Erbach . Dale District School Board Member After serving the Dale District on our School Board ...
The state of Dale District School
By John Erbach . Dale District School Board Member
After serving the Dale District on our School Board for a year now , I am humbled at the tremendous success of our County 's schools and the opportunities to build on those successes . Chesterfield County has one of the finest school systems in Virginia , and the schools in the Dale District are no exception . But , there are opportunities for growth and improvement . This School Board is not satisfied with Chesterfield 's Schools being among the best in the Commonwealth . Together with our new Superintendent , Dr. James Lane , my colleagues on the Board and I are committed to making our schools among the best in the nation . CCPS has its best days ahead of it , and this is especially true in the Dale District , where we have laid a solid foundation for our community 's future .
For the first time in decades , the School Board will build a new school building in the Dale District . Beulah Elementary , which opened in 1928 , will get a new building at a location more centrally located in the school 's attendance zone . The design will give this community a structure we can be proud of , while demonstrating improved fiscal management of school construction . We expect Beulah Elementary to open at its new location in 2018 .
Like Beulah , which has ably served generations of families , elementary schools throughout Dale are achieving great things . Special Olympics Virginia recognized Gates Elementary for demonstrating superior commitment to inclusion , acceptance , respect and dignity for all . Creative events like the Polar Plunge Reading Challenge encourage Hening Elementary students to read more , while Hopkins Elementary welcomes visitors monthly as a community distribution site for the Chesterfield Food Bank .
Time and again I hear from friends in the community that our teachers and staff make Chesterfield what it is . Falling Creek Elementary Principal Pam Johnson is a recent National Distinguished Principal ; Jacobs Road Elementary ' s Jackie Slewmaker was named the 2016 Virginia Elementary School Counselor of the Year ; and Salem Church Elementary ' s Meghan Tarabay was one of 63 teachers of the years elected to represent their respective school .
Along with my colleagues on the Board and Dr. Lane , I am proud of how our teachers and staff help our children learn and grow every day .
We are adding new resources and considering innovative programs to help To fall Creek Middle return to full accreditation . Even though student performance is trending upward , the school did not meet required “ SOL ” benchmarks . We have added dedicated instructional coaches , additional teachers and the use of a universal screener that allows us to measure quickly each student 's current skill levels to better target instruction and measure academic growth . We expect the school to be fully accredited in the next two years , and my colleagues and I are committed to making that happen .
Salem Middle students and families are now supported by the “ Communities In Schools ” program , and the school is now a proud partner of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce . These programs provide positive support to students at Salem Middle .
Our high schools are leading the way in innovation . Meadowbrook High 's newest center , the Meadowbrook Academy for Digital Entrepreneurship ( “ MADE ” ) , teaches students the skills necessary to build a 21st century start-up company in an environment like a modern business school . Students have competed in Shark Tank-like competitions , pitching their ideas and products to business leaders throughout the Richmond area while earning accolades usually reserved for college students . Now in its second year , the MADE Program continues to expand and has now opened an impressive maker space where students can bring innovative ideas to life .
Speaking of maker spaces , Bird HS has plans to open its maker space for public use in the near future . This will allow the entire community to see how Bird
High 's specialty center , the Governor 's Academy for Engineering , is educating the next generation of engineers . Students in the program explore a wide range of engineering fields while building an understanding of the core skills necessary to achieve an engineering career . On top of this , the school 's RoboHawks club has competed in world competitions and finished towards the top of their bracket in 2016 .
Chesterfield 's schools succeed in preparing students for success , and we are going to build on these successes to bring our children to new heights . I am proud to serve the Dale District on the Chesterfield County School Board , and I look forward to what we can achieve in the years to come .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A high-flying business person was left completely paralysed after they were bitten by a TICK during a forest walk .
Anastasia Shiryaeva , 27 , from Novosibirsk , Russia , led an active and happy life until they suffered tick-borne encephalitis back in 2013 .
The successful finance manager was hiking in a pine wood with a female friend when they started itching and realised they had been bitten .
Knowing the dangers , they went to a clinic and had it removed by a doctor - but was soon seriously ill in a coma .
( Image : CEN/VK )
( Image : CEN/VK )
( Image : CEN/VK )
But that evening , their temperature rose to 40C before they were rushed to hospital where they were diagnosed with encephalitis .
Ms Shiryaeva , who at first thought they had an `` ordinary cold '' , spent a month in a coma and when they woke up they could only move two fingers on one of their hands .
But they were determined to do what they could to regain their health and so they decided to start making bracelets and toys with their good fingers .
( Image : CEN/VK )
( Image : CEN/VK )
And they sell the products they make to help meet the daily 2,000 rubles ( £25 ) cost of their nursing and the physiotherapy which they hope will one day enable them to walk again .
Ms Shiryaeva 's mother and friends help them by promoting their jewellery and toys on social media , encouraging people to buy them to help pay for them care .
Tick-borne encephalitis ( TBE ) is a viral infection spread to humans by the bite of a small parasite .
Most sufferers experience flu-like symptoms but some go on to develop full encephalitis in which the brain becomes inflamed .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brave Gemma Oaten reduced a star-studded audience to tears as they opened up about their traumatic battle with anorexia .
The actor took to the stage at eating disorder charity SEED 's ball at the Hippodrome Casino , in London , on , Tuesday night .
Celebs including Strictly winner Joe McFadden , Lee Mead and former Britain 's Got Talent winner Richard Jones watched on as Gemma spoke about how their dad , Dennis , who was also in the audience , saved their lives .
They told the crowd : “ It was n't for my dad , I would be dead . They saved my life . I owe them so much . ”
The former Emmerdale actor spent 11 months in an adolescent psychiatric unit as doctors struggled to deal with their anorexia as their weight plummeted to just four-and-half-stone .
( Image : WENN.com )
Them dad made the difficult decision to take them out of the treatment centre believing being that environment was n't helping them
Gemma said : “ He was right . I just wanted it all to end . Had my dad not taken me home from the psychiatric unit , I would have died . ”
Speaking previously about the horrors of the unit , Gemma , said it was “ horrendous ” .
They say : “ The memories of my time in hospital were very bleak and full of despair . I found myself in quite scary situations . I had things thrown at my head , I 'd have people discussing in detail how they were abused , people cutting themselves in front of me . It was horrendous .
( Image : WENN.com )
( Image : WENN.com )
“ I was n't showing signs of psychosis , I was just a young girl suffering from an illness and , yes , it was a mental health illness but it is very different to somebody who is schizophrenic or who cuts herself .
“ It all went wrong because it focused on getting the calories down me and not dealing with the reason I was struggling with an eating disorder .
( Image : WENN.com )
“ In the end my parents made the decision to take me out of there when they found out what was going on . ”
It was the beginning of a long road for Gemma who is now back to full health .
They inspired the founding of eating disorder charity SEED , of which they are now a patron .
Earlier in the evening BGT winner Richard wowed the crowd with a series of tricks .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A second girl has died after an alleged New Year 's Eve hit-and-run crash in Oldham .
Zaneta Krokova , 11 , has passed away in hospital just days after the death of their cousin Helina Kotlarova , 12 .
The pair were holding hands crossing the road when they were allegedly mown down by a hit-and-run driver .
Helina 's mother Sylva and father Robert raced to the scene but they were declared dead by medics as their distraught mother stroked them hair .
On New Year 's Day , the family of seven sisters and one brother , who came to England from the Czech Republic eight years ago , sat in tears mourning Helina .
Now they face another tragedy just days later after Zaneta died this morning in hospital .
Officers were initially seeking information about a black VW Golf , however that car has since been traced and the driver spoken to .
Police have since established that a Peugeot 807 was involved in the initial collision with the girls and that car has been recovered abandoned on Honeywell Lane .
Four men aged 59 , 48 , 38 and 18 have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remain in custody for questioning .
A fifth man , aged 23 , initially arrested for the same offence , has been de-arrested and is assisting police with enquiries .
Greater Manchester Police sergeant Lee Westhead from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit said : “ This is a heart-breaking incident which has now taken the lives of two young girls and all of our thoughts remain with their families , who are understandably devastated .
“ We have made significant progress with our investigation since the collision happened and I would like to thank everyone who has contacted police with information so far .
“ The community are clearly as committed as we are establishing exactly what happened to Helena and Zaneta and the support they have provided has been vital to the investigation .
“ As the investigation has progressed we have identified that the vehicle that struck the girls was a Blue Peugeot 807 . We have recovered this vehicle abandoned on Honeywell Lane .
“ The Peugeot is very distinctive and I am releasing pictures of the vehicle in an attempt to establish its movements on the 31 December in the hours prior to the collision .
“ As you can see in the images , the vehicle is dark blue , people carrier shaped and is in poor physical condition and notably has pre-existing damage to its rear window . ''
Former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick . Photo : AP
San Francisco : Travis Kalanick lost their job as chief executive officer at Uber Technologies Inc. in June . That , it turned out , was just the beginning of the latest chapter in the roiling Uber saga .
A month after Kalanick 's ouster , Eric Newcomer reported that the Uber co-founder had been angling to retain influence in management and was looking to eventually secure a new role for themselves inside the company . Recode 's Kara Swisher reported that Kalanick was telling friends they were “ Steve Jobs-ing it ” —plotting their eventual return to the helm of the $ 69 billion ride-hailing company .
We now see what they might have meant . After relinquishing the chief executive 's seat on Uber 's board , Kalanick immediately took a new seat at the table and has kept a tight grip on two other unfilled board positions . They might be hoping to use that influence to appoint a CEO who will serve as an ally—or somebody so weak that Kalanick might one day supplant them .
All of this was the subject of a very unusual lawsuit filed last week by early Uber investor Benchmark , accusing the 40-year-old Kalanick of fraud and asking to have them removed from the board . ( Kalanick 's spokesperson called the lawsuit “ without merit and riddled with lies and false allegations. ” ) Olivia Zaleski wrote about the case and its implications for Uber at a crucial time , with much of its management ranks empty .
But it 's worth taking a closer look at the hero-founder narrative , the one that 's being pushed by Kalanick allies and apparently by the man himself . Because Kalanick 's version of “ Steve Jobs-ing it , ” as it 's currently playing out , bears little resemblance to Jobs 's legendary ouster and return to the helm of Apple Computer , a story that now has a central place in Silicon Valley lore .
Let 's go back to the summer of 1985 . The then 30-year-old Jobs was obnoxious and famously loose with the truth . They were a charismatic product pitchman but a terrible manager , producing the Macintosh late and way over-budget . Apple CEO John Sculley and other board members had lost patience with them and over two months that summer—marked by plots and counterplots , shifting loyalties and frequent office shouting matches—they managed to strip Jobs of all their authority at the company . According to Walter Isaacson 's biography Steve Jobs , they wanted the guy out . But Jobs , like Kalanick now , still had their seat on Apple 's board .
Nevertheless , a heartbroken Jobs stopped attending Apple board meetings and took off for Europe . They biked the hills of Tuscany , toured Florence and visited Moscow . When they got back that fall , they started talking to medical researchers at Stanford University about the kinds of supercomputers that might be needed to simulate biology experiments .
When they finally did attend an Apple board meeting that September , they told the board , “ I 've been thinking a lot , and it 's time for me to get on with my life. ” During their travels and discussions with academics , they had started formulating the idea for their next company : NeXT . Plenty of drama followed—I guess you could say that Apple in the 1980s was the Uber of its time . Jobs took five Apple employees with them to NeXT , and Apple sued their company , claiming they were stealing confidential information and breaching their fiduciary duty . ( They settled a few months later . )
Jobs also quit the Apple board and sold all of their Apple stock within five months , famously keeping only one share so they could attend annual shareholder meeting if they ever wanted . They never talked to John Sculley again and did n't set foot back in Apple headquarters until 1996 . That 's when a beleaguered Apple—its creative juices all dried up and according to Jobs 's retelling , just months from insolvency—bought their little computer company for $ 400 million , paving the way for Jobs 's eventual return as Apple CEO .
It was a move rich with irony and satisfaction for Jobs and their supporters . But they had been forced to wander in the entrepreneurial desert for nearly a decade and watch their original company face possible extinction to get there . By contrast , Uber 's controversial co-founder has n't even been gone two months . That 's not Steve Jobs-ing it . Bloomberg
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — After their second interception , Jacksonville Jaguars cornerback A.J . Bouye ran to the sideline and started high-fiving fans .
Just when it seemed like they were done , they turned around , grabbed a cheerleader 's pompoms and started dancing .
Bouye and the Jaguars had plenty to celebrate .
Blake Bortles threw two perfect passes for touchdowns , Jaydon Mickens set up another score with a 72-yard punt return , and Jacksonville beat the Seattle Seahawks 30-24 on Sunday to claim sole possession of first place in the AFC South and secure the franchise 's first winning season since 2007 .
The Jaguars ( 9-4 ) intercepted three of Russell Wilson 's passes , including two on deep balls , and won for the sixth time in their last seven games . The latest victory coupled with Tennessee 's loss at Arizona moved Jacksonville atop the division . It 's the first time since 2010 the Jaguars have had the outright lead this late in a season .
“ We really should have ( blown ) them out if we 're being real about it , ” cornerback Jalen Ramsey said .
The Seahawks ( 8-5 ) scored twice on long passes in the fourth quarter , with Wilson finding Paul Richardson for 61 yards and Tyler Lockett for 74 yards . The second one cut the lead to 30-24 , and Seattle got one last chance to tie or take the lead . But Wilson misfired on a fourth-and-9 play near midfield .
“ We had it exactly where we wanted to at the end of the game , ” Wilson said . “ I do n't know if it can get any better than that . That 's got to be one of the most exciting games you can watch . Shoot man , we should have won . We felt like we should have won . ”
Leonard Fournette iced the game with a 13-yard run on a third-and-11 play , which gave them 101 yards on the ground . Jacksonville tried to run out the clock from there , but the Seahawks would n't go quietly .
Seattle defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder 's knees , setting off a near-melee . Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch , and Fournette went after Bennett .
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles ' next kneel-down , and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed . Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle . Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field . Carroll walked into Seattle 's huddle , possibly to calm their players down .
“ Nobody likes to lose , but at the end of the day , this is our profession , ” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said . “ We have to start acting right and be professionals . That 's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out . We 're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset . We 're going to keep doing it . That does n't bother us . ”
Added Jaguars tight end Marcedes Lewis : “ There 's no room in the game for that . You see we 're kneeling . You can get somebody hurt . We 're out there trying to kneel . There are no timeouts . You guys ca n't stop the clock , so why try to hurt somebody ?
“ We had 60 minutes to handle that . The last 30 seconds , while we 're kneeling , you 're going to spear somebody in the legs ? That 's not cool . ”
During the week , the Jaguars refused to call it a “ statement game ” even though it was a meaningful home contest in December against a perennial playoff contender and recent Super Bowl champion .
They relented afterward , acknowledging the significance of the victory before a sellout crowd of 64,431 , first full building since 2016 season opener against Green Bay .
“ This is not the old Jaguars team , ” Fournette said . “ We are not pushovers and are going to fight back . ”
QB STATS
Bortles played one of their best games in four seasons . They completed 18 of 27 passes for 268 yards , with TD passes to rookies Dede Westbrook and Keelen Cole . They are n't sacked and did n't have a turnover .
Wilson was 17 of 31 for 271 yards , with three touchdowns and three interceptions . They were sacked twice , but knocked down way more often . It was the fourth time in 105 career games that Wilson threw three interceptions .
INJURIES
Seahawks : Seattle lost LB Bobby Wagner ( hamstring ) and LB K.J . Wright ( concussion ) . … RB Mike Davis ( ribs ) was knocked out of the game briefly but returned .
Jaguars : TE Marcedes Lewis dislocated the middle finger on their left hand . … WR Larry Pinkard ( concussion ) was ruled out at halftime .
UP NEXT
Seahawks : Host the Los Angeles Rams in a game that could help determine the NFC West champion .
Jaguars : Wrap up a three-game homestand against Houston .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Personal loans are a way to use tomorrow 's income today . Here are some loan rates and other costs of the top private and public sector banks in India .
( AP ) — An 8-year-old boy is missing after swimming in rough surf off Florida ‘ s Atlantic Coast .
Volusia County Ocean Rescue Capt . Aaron Jenkins tells local news outlets that the search for Hezekiah Whyte is continuing Monday afternoon . Investigators were interviewing their mother Charlie Bonite Hill on Monday .
Jenkins says the disappearance has been “ very traumatic for the family . ”
Hezekiah was playing in the surf off New Smyrna Beach on Saturday when the strong currents pulled them out into deeper water . The boy 's 11-year-old sister tried to rescue him , but was pulled under and had to be rescued by lifeguards . They were held overnight at a hospital but is OK .
Officials say rip currents were strong over the holiday weekend and people are being asked to swim in front of the lifeguard towers .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
So in order to make that bottle last on a shelf , plus be able to withstand high heat cooking , you need over a dozen chemical stages to process canola into an oil that will not go rancid . These processes include not only hydrogenation but deodorization of the omega-3 . This process can form as much as 40 % trans fatty acids in canola , even more than soybean oil .
The following have been directly attributed to the canola con : Canola depletes vitamin E which will impact chronic diseases like heart , cancer , Alzheimer 's , and diabetes .
Canola increases the rigidity of membranes ( which is a major aging factor and trigger for degenerative diseases like diabetes ) .
Canola has the potential to damage hearts creating fibrosis impairing the action of vitamin E ( crucial in inflammation ) .
In human studies there was an increase in lung cancers as well as heart damage .
Canola has been found to shorten the lifespan of animals and in others it lowers the platelet count and increases the size of the platelet cells .
Daily canola oil raised the triglycerides a staggering 47 % .
Some of you may remember , in the mid 1990s ' , when a new oil showed up on the grocery store shelves and in the ingredient lists of many processed foods . It was called canola , and it was voraciously marketed as a healthy new oil , similar to olive oil in its fatty acid profile , yet cheaper . A public thoroughly brainwashed into the belief that saturated fats were killing us , having traded in their butter for vegetable oils , but already becoming leery of soy , corn and cottonseed , were quick to adopt a cheaper alternative to olive oil which had come to be viewed as basically the only `` safe fat '' .It seemed few were asking the right questions at the time ; namely `` What the hell is this stuff ? `` Canola is a Canadian invention , created by cross-breeding the rapeseed plant , the oil of which is toxic for human and animal consumption , so that it no longer produces ( much ) of the toxic constituent erucic acid . International regulations differentiate canola oil from rapeseed by checking the erucic acid levels - if it has less than 2 % erucic acid , and less than 30 µmoles glucosinolates , it 's canola ( a trademarked term , by the way ) .But all that is rather academic . It does n't really matter where the stuff comes from , the question is , is it healthy ? To be frank , no . No it 's not . One of the main reasons for this is rather ironic . One of the purported benefits of canola oil is that it contains omega-3 and omega-6 fats . If you have n't heard of these , you 've probably been living under a rock for the last two decades . In the simplistic health advice proliferated by the mainstream media , these fats are `` essential '' and we can never get enough of them . Well great ! If canola oil has a lot of omega-3s I 'll just load up on that stuff and not have to bother eating stinky fish ! The problem is that these fats , particularly omega-3s , are extremely delicate and highly susceptible to oxidation , ie . going rancid . Pressing seeds for oil exposes them to all the things that will make a delicate fat go rancid - heat ( through friction , if nothing else ) , oxygen and light . And even if you 're an evil seed-oil-producing company and do n't care if your oil is rancid , causing massive biological damage to your customer base , your customers will . You see , rancid omega-3s smell and taste `` fishy '' , something most customers find distasteful , to say the least . Nobody is going to use your oil for anything if it gives your cooking creation a certain `` essence of fishmarket '' .So what 's a canola producer to do ? Why you just subject the oil to over a dozen chemical stages to stabilize it , of course ! From Your Medical Advice That 's right - trans fats . The health industry super-villain that completely messes up the biological systems of anyone who consumes them . The fats that kill an estimated 90,000 people per year in the US . The fats considered to be at least partially responsible for heart disease , type 2 diabetes , metabolic dysregulation , unchecked inflammation , endothelial dysfunction , cancer and probably a whole lot more.And this does n't even address the fact that almost all the canola on the market is genetically modified , with all the problems inherent to GMOs . Does canola still sound like a healthy oil ? Again , from Your Medical Advice The thing is , this information is n't new . Hell , that Your Medical Advice article is four years old . Dr. Mary Enig wrote Know Your Fats in 2000 . In fact , the FDA banned the use of canola oil in infant formulas back in 1985 because it retarded growth ! And no one thought that maybe there might be other things negatively associated with consuming canola ? Oh , it 's just babies that have a problem with it ? OK . I should be fine then.The fact that canola oil is still out there on the shelves , in the ingredients list of all your favourite processed foods and in the deep fryers and cooking oil bottles of your favourite restaurants ( it 's true ; ask ) is a travesty . It 'll be interesting to see , when the FDA ban on trans fats takes effect in 2018 whether we 'll still see canola oil in all its current applications . I 'm betting things wo n't change a bit .
He 's known as a ferocious competitor on the field , a courageous leader and arguably one of the finest scrum-halves ever to wear the number nine jersey . Joost van der Westhuizen , one of South Africa 's favourite rugby heroes represented the country in 89 test matches , scoring 38 tries and playing a crucial role in the Springbok squad 's iconic 1995 Rugby World Cup win . This week , after a brave six-year battle with Motor Neuron Disease , Joost passed away . Carte Blanche pays tribute to a legend .
EASTER was supposed to be a day of celebration for the country 's Christian majority , but that was not the case for families who lost their homes , their livelihood and loved ones when the low pressure area that used to be Crising dumped some 80 millimeters of rain in Cebu , causing floods and landslides .
I 'm not sure if the weather bureau Pagasa had issued a rainfall advisory . Some of the affected residents claimed that they were not aware Cebu had been placed under signal number one last Friday . “ Na-surprise mi sa uwan ( The rain surprised us ) , ” said Poblacion , Carmen Barangay Councilor Helen Maningo .
I do n't know what time the downpour started in the northern towns of Carmen , Sogod , Tabogon and Danao City—the areas most affected by the deluge—but here in Cebu City , particularly near the downtown area , the rain started early evening but stopped only to return around 10 p.m .
Maningo and town officials should have realized that the water was bound to rise when the heavy rain did n't let up . They should have started rescue and evacuation efforts before the water rose to critical levels .
Then again , it would be unfair to blame local government units for the tragedy .
Residents , especially those who continue to live in danger zones like riversides and other flood-prone areas , should have known what to do when the heavy rain did not relent past midnight . They should have packed up and moved to higher ground .
I would have thought that after super typhoon Yolanda devastated northern Cebu back in 2013 , people have learned their lesson . But they have not , since the majority of the more than 10,000 families , who were evacuated over the weekend , reside in danger zones .
Roger Suico , Carmen 's disaster risk reduction and management officer , said they also conducted an information drive just before the low pressure area struck the town . Apparently , some residents ignored the town 's call to move out , just as they ignored repeated warnings not to live near in danger zones .
By 3 a.m. last Sunday , the water was chest deep in some areas . By then , it was logistically difficult for the LGU to conduct rescue efforts without risking the lives of their own personnel . Not only was it dark , but it was still raining hard and the water was rising quickly .
The casualties prompted Carmen Mayor Martin Gerard Villamor to announce that they will clear danger zones in the town to avoid future deaths . That means no structures will be allowed to stand in these areas .
Residents , too , should realize that by continuing to live in danger zones , they 're not only endangering their lives , but also the lives of people who are tasked to rescue them when calamities strike .
Huawei has promised to continue investing in Europe , outlining its commitment to work closely with local partners in order to build out the region 's digital infrastructure .
The Chinese is in the middle £1.3 billion investment programme in the UK alone but there are concerns that Brexit could impact R & D in the UK , a fear outlined by BT CEO Gavin Patterson only this week .
However Huawei pledged to support European firms ' digital transformation initiatives by working with telecom operators and to tackle skills shortages that could impact innovation levels .
Europe calling
Huawei Rotating CEO Ken Hu made the commitment during their keynote speech at the Huawei Innovation Day , expanding on Huawei 's European history which goes back 17 years : “ In this time we have grown together and forged lasting partnerships . We are in Europe for Europe , working hard to create value for our customers and help the region go digital . As Europe goes digital , our contribution takes several different forms .
“ The first is providing competitive technology and products that are the result of our long-term investment in basic research . The second is working closely with partners all across the industry landscape to develop targeted solutions for European customers . And our third contribution is promoting an open digital ecosystem . ”
As part of this contribution , Huawei has partnered with the University of Edinburgh to form a Joint Lab for Distributed Data Management and Processing for the development of data science technologies .
The Shenzhen-based firm already has a strong presence in Europe , with 18 research and development facilities in eight European countries . It will also build OpenLabs in London and Paris this year to supplement the centre already open in Munich .
“ We want Europe to have the best and leading digital infrastructure for the next five to ten years , ” added Vincent Pang , President of Western European Region , Huawei . “ One the infrastructure side , Europe is not in a leading position at the moment , particularly on coverage . We want to cooperate with all our partners to build ecosystems for digital transformation .
“ We want to make the innovation here in Europe , but with a global network to bring the innovations and their benefits to the rest of the world . ”
Quiz : What do you know about China and IT ?
Washington : A U.S. Army artillery `` mishap '' was responsible for the deaths of two U.S. service members in northern Iraq over the weekend , a Pentagon official said on Monday .
Two U.S. service members were killed and five injured in northern Iraq on Sunday .
In a statement later on Monday the Pentagon identified those killed as Sergeant Allen Stigler Jr. , 22 , of Arlington , Texas , and Sergeant Roshain E. Brooks , 30 , of Brooklyn , New York , both members of the 82nd Airborne Division Paratroopers .
The U.S. Army is investigating the incident , it said .
`` An Army artillery section was conducting a counterfire mission against an ISIS mortar site when a mishap occurred , injuring seven soldiers , '' Pentagon spokesperson Colonel Robert Manning said , using an acronym for the Islamic State .
The Pentagon declined to provide further details and it was not immediately clear exactly what type of `` mishap '' took place .
The service members were part of a U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State in Iraq .
Manning said there was no indication that Islamic State had anything to do with the deaths and the five injured troops did not suffer life-threatening injuries .
At the new West Loop McDonald 's , dubbed `` one-of-a-kind '' by the fast-food giant , customers can order more than classics with a global menu on tap.Food from Australia , South America , and France are among the items available to the public starting Wednesday in the restaurant opening on Randolph Street . The restaurant 's location is no coincidence , as it sits on the ground floor of the new McDonald 's global headquarters , which opens in a few weeks . `` What can we do to really make our mark both in the neighborhood , in the city , with something that really spoke to the global nature of our business , '' said McDonald 's Chief Communications Officer Robert Gibbs of the thought process behind this unique restaurant.Gibbs said the company 's excited to be close to its customers in the bustling West Loop neighborhood and wanted to capitalize on that access . So McDonald 's thought outside the Happy Meal box and drew on the diverse offerings of its 37,000 locations worldwide.To start , this global McDonald 's features `` Cheese & Bacon Loaded Fries '' from Down Under , a `` McSpicy Chicken Sandwich from Hong Kong , '' `` the Mighty Angus Burger from Canada , '' and salads only found in French McDonald 's locations . Plus , there 's a Brazilian McFlurry Prestígio to sweeten the deal . `` That global taste from around the world , that 's what people are coming here for , '' hoped Owner-Operator Nick Karavites , whose family owns 25 area locations including this global McDonald 's and the well-known Rock 'n ' Roll River North location.Karavites explained that some of the unique offerings , like the Australian McCafé coffees ( made with Australian coffee beans ) and pastries as well as the Latin American dessert center , will always be available . Added global eats will cycle through , with their countries of origin lighting up on a map , marked by the signature golden arches . `` Once people get in the habit of recognizing that global menu , it 's something they 'll look forward to , '' they added.The location also boasts McDonald 's `` Experience of the Future , '' which includes modern décor , table service , touchscreen kiosks and mobile ordering options . The company plans to bring this to most U.S. locations by 2020.First headquartered in Chicago , McDonald 's moved to Oak Brook in the 1970s . It soon returns downtown to a nine-story HQ with corporate offices and one of seven `` Hamburger Universities '' worldwide.But starting this week , you can get a traveler 's taste of the new venue .
Washington : US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday the Trump administration is committed to the long-standing `` One China '' policy as it reviews US policy toward China , but also intends to keep all of its commitments to Taiwan .
`` It is important as we engage with them that we are able to fulfill our commitments to Taiwan , which we have every intention of doing , '' Tillerson told a congressional committee .
`` The question is , is the One China policy sustainable for the next 50 years ? And those are the kind of discussions we ` re having . They are extremely complex in many regards , '' they said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner claims their arm was almost `` ripped off '' by a police dog which attacked them in front of theirs home .
Paul Carol , 69 , was speaking to an officer about a break-in opposite their house when a police-dog handler lost control of their Alsatian .
The mutt broke away from its harness and sank its jaws into Mr Carol 's arm leaving multiple puncture wounds .
Mr Carol , a retired electrician , has hit out at Nottinghamshire Police following the attack on March 15 .
They said : `` I was taking my bins out when I saw police outside the house opposite .
`` I went over to the patrol car , and was leaning on it chatting to the officer who said they were investigating an attempted burglary .
`` I was talking through the window and had my back to a dog handler who was attempting to get over a fence to find the suspects .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
`` Suddenly the dog jumped onto my back and mauled my left arm .
`` The first thing I knew about it was this very sharp pain on the left hand side of my back .
`` I do n't remember much after that , it must have knocked me unconscious .
`` I always thought police dogs were meant to be better controlled than that to be honest .
`` The police took me to hospital , and I was there for about three hours . The dog could have ripped my arm off .
`` The police call them land sharks and now I know why . More needs to be done to train these animals not to attack innocent people .
`` Apparently after it attacked me the dog had a couple of days extra training and was put back into service while I still suffer great discomfort in my arm .
`` The whole incident has made me very scared of big dogs and I have suffered flash-backs . ''
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Police say the incident happened when the dog harness broke while they were investigating a break-in at a property in Clifton , Nottingham .
The day after the attack , a superintendent came to Mr Carol 's home to apologise and two weeks later two officers visited them to explain that the dog 's harness had snapped .
However since then , they say they have heard nothing from the police .
Mr Carol said : `` I think it 's a disgrace that I still have n't heard from them , I have no idea why they 're taking so long and they have n't kept me informed at all . ''
A statement from Nottinghamshire Police said : `` Officers were called at 5.30pm to reports of an attempted burglary in Gervase Gardens , Clifton .
`` On arrival officers began a search , during which a member of the public was bitten by a police dog .
`` The dog had become unintentionally detached from its harness .
`` Officers acted quickly to assist a 69-year-old man , who had sustained injuries to their arm , and took them to Nottingham Queen 's Medical Centre .
`` The incident was immediately reported to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
`` The man was visited the following day , and has since been visited by dog section officers .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
`` He was later invited to and attended a police dog training day with the intention of demonstrating our hard-working , well-trained and dedicated dogs and dog handlers .
`` This was an extremely unfortunate incident which will no doubt have had a big impact on the man .
`` Officers have apologised in person to the victim and that sentiment is absolutely carried forward in our continued work to put things right for him .
`` The force has up to three months to respond in terms of responsibility and we believe we will complete the necessary investigation and legal work within this time frame . ''
A blast rocked New York City , their hometown . They had been briefed . But the first tweet US President Donald Trump put out after the incident was another tirade at The New York Times .
About an hour after the blast hit New York City 's busy Port Authority Bus Terminus , Trump tweeted , `` Another false story , this time in the Failing @ nytimes , that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong ! Also , I seldom , if ever , watch CNN or MSNBC , both of which I consider Fake News . I never watch Don Lemon , who I once called the `` dumbest man on television ! '' Bad Reporting . ''
Another false story , this time in the Failing @ nytimes , that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong ! Also , I seldom , if ever , watch CNN or MSNBC , both of which I consider Fake News . I never watch Don Lemon , who I once called the `` dumbest man on television ! '' Bad Reporting . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 11 , 2017
It remains to be seen if the White House will now claim the tweet was not framed by the President , as it had done when their handle put out a tweet that pretty much owned up to the allegations of obstruction of justice that have been levelled against Donald Trump .
The Trump administration is yet to come out with its first response to the blast in New York .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Football fans are in crisis as England 's World Cup quarter-final match clashes with the busiest wedding weekend of the year .
Guests invited to watch their friends tie the knot have taken to Twitter for advice on how to handle the painful dilemma .
Demands for large screens and live streams have been made , while others have vowed to never plan a wedding on an `` even '' year .
England will face Sweden at 3pm on Saturday after beating Columbia in a tense penalty shootout on Tuesday night .
Are you attending a wedding on Saturday ? Get in touch webnews @ trinitymirror.com
( Image : Twitter )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The comedian Rob Beckett tweeted this morning : `` The poor couples that are going to attempt to get married on Saturday . 3pm kick off .
`` England World Cup quarter-final . Brutal .
`` They 've got to put it on the telly in the drinks reception or everyone will be furious . ''
But some brides and grooms-to-be are getting hitched at 3pm on the dot .
`` Do n't even go there , our wedding do starts at 3pm and there is n't a telly in the place , '' Mark Patterson replied to Rob .
`` Last 16 game on the misses birthday and potential quarter final on our wedding day ... could n't of gone better , '' Mark Lane wrote .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Twitter )
Justine Ablett said : `` I 'm one of those poor couples getting married on Saturday . We never get this far in the World Cup normally . ''
And Browz said : `` My good friends Neil and Victoria are getting married on Saturday at 2pm at Eshott Hall in Northumberland .
`` They 've very kindly changed the arrangements of the day so the game can be screened . ''
England fans woke up this morning with a national hangover after the Three Lions ' epic World Cup win over Colombia .
( Image : Twitter )
Gareth Southgate 's team won 4-3 on penalties to progress to the quarter finals after a nail-biting night in Russia .
But elated fans were waking up with sore heads this morning after partying the night away .
It was last night estimated hangovers and the 30C heatwave could spell the biggest sickie day of the year today - and a £500million bill for the economy .
Employers are braced for £200m of costs today and the number of staff calling in sick or late after Eric Dier 's penalty secured the Three Lions ' place in the last eight is projected to rocket up to 400 per cent in some cities .
( Image : Twitter )
Absenteeism and lateness will have higher peaks today than the 300 per cent increase in Leeds the day after the opening game against Tunisia , according to BrightHR , which monitors absenteeism at 56,000 workplaces .
Maternity hospitals are also reportedly braced for a baby boom in nine months ' time .
Couples delirious with rapture after seeing Pickford 's heroic penalty are predicted to have rushed off to bed to mark the occasion .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : EyeEm )
And the result is likely to be a surge in births next April and May .
According to research in the British Medical Journal , a huge jump in births in the Catalonia region of Spain followed Barcelona 's 2009 Champions League win over Chelsea .
Iceland also experienced a spike in births nine months after the tiny nation knocked England out of Euro 2016 .
The president of ABC Entertainment , Channing Dungey , released a statement late Tuesday announcing that the decades-long sitcom `` Roseanne '' would be axed from American television after the show 's star , Roseanne Barr , wrote a controversial tweet about a former Obama administration adviser , Valerie Jarrett .
In their now deleted tweet , Barr likened Jarrett to an ape and indicated that they possibly had ties to the Muslim Brotherhood , which met a storm of criticism both on- and offline . Notably , Bob Iger , the CEO of Disney , which owns ABC , called Jarrett to let them know that the news outlet `` does not tolerate comments like those . ''
READ MORE : 'It 's 2018 Guys . Wake up ! ' : Balotelli Reacts to Italian Fans ' Racist Banner
US President Donald Trump could n't help but pay special attention to the move by ABC , which they notoriously call a `` fake news '' media outlet that persistently writes `` horrible '' things about him .
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ” made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) 30 мая 2018 г .
In their most recent tweet , they bashed the network for not apologizing in instances where anti-Trump remarks were made , which sparked overwhelming reactions .
Responding to the tweet , one user ironically expressed their delight over President Trump focusing on things `` bigger '' than the ABC show cancellation .
Hey Stupid , Do n't you have a job to do instead of constantly whining — R Arb ( @ fairess369 ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Others similarly pointed to Trump being extremely self-conscious and at the same time incredibly egoistic , jumping at a chance to place them at the center of the debate . Some even suggested they needed treatment :
Narcissistic personality disorder is found more commonly in men .
Symptoms include an excessive need for admiration , disregard for others ' feelings , an inability to handle any criticism , and a sense of entitlement .
GET HELP : https : //t.co/mHMEPyHdU7 — Kaz Weida ( @ kazweida ) 30 мая 2018 г .
trump I did n't get your call apologizing for your denigrating and demoralizing comments about African Americans and women so just STFU .
You make me sick to my stomach , and I ca n't believe a so-called `` human being '' can be so disgusting . YOU ARE UNWORTHY OF ANY RESPECT — Resist ( @ bronzbabe2014 ) 30 мая 2018 г .
It 's remarkable how you always manage to make everything about you . 😂 This tweet is yet more evidence you are a malignant narcissist and totally unfit for office . — Miss Norma Jeane ( @ rosanthony3 ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Do n't you have work to do ? STOP — Ryan Nickerson ( @ _MrEmotional_ ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Can you imagine being President of the untied States , and still being this much of a loser ? — Palmer Report ( @ PalmerReport ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Um , have you ever called a single person you denigrated and apologized for the horrible things you said ? The list is endless . You are unbelievable . Once again , trying to turn this into something about you . # Narcissist # DonTheCon — Susan Flynn Love ( @ susan_love ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Looks like President Snowflake got triggered — Rob S ( @ RobSDrummer ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Others suggested that Trump was still enraged about the underwhelming number of people turning up at their rally the day before :
Are you still seething that only a few dozen people showed up to your unhinged rant last night ? Sad ! # LowEnergy — The Nutcracker ( @ TheNutcracker20 ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Some naturally opted for an array of memes , with a number of users pointing to Trump 's double standards :
While Ambien has side effect , Racism is n't one of them . pic.twitter.com/5KWsTvEMBG — Alvin ( @ AlvinLopezBklyn ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Others likened the case to that of Bill Maher , who once compared Trump to an orangutan :
Why has Bill Maher not been fired ? pic.twitter.com/HBGepGrAcm — Jacob Wohl ( @ JacobAWohl ) 30 мая 2018 г .
The comment sparked a debate over Republican policies , as well :
Meanwhile , Dems keep up their campaign to treat MS13 better than our veterans pic.twitter.com/2L2GvpRG55 — Jacob Wohl ( @ JacobAWohl ) 30 мая 2018 г .
Some Twitter users have brought forward the now classic comparison of Trump to a wayward and restive little kid :
On Tuesday morning Roseanne Barr posted the following tweet :
`` Muslim Brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = VJ . ''
On acknowledging the fact that the tweet would n't go unnoticed , Barr issued an apology , saying it was originally meant to be a joke , which still did not stop ABC 's management from cancelling Barr 's show .
`` I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans , '' Barr wrote in a tweet . `` I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks . I should have known better . Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste . ''
It is not the first time that Barr has made offensive remarks . The Daily Beast reported that in 2013 they portrayed former President Obama 's National Security Adviser Susan Rice as a `` man with big swinging ape balls . ''
A resident on Queen Street North in Simcoe contacted police after two suspicious men were spotted on the resident 's porch on Sunday morning .
The resident was outside gardening when the two unknown men were observed near an open door at the home .
Both men then left the area on foot in an unknown direction .
`` The OPP is urging all homeowners to lock their doors if they are outside enjoying the spring weather . Do not become a statistic of stolen property , please make sure you secure your home and call police immediately to report suspicious activity , ” OPP Const . Ed Sanchuk said in a media release .
Residents should immediately contact police if they observe any suspicious behaviour in their community by calling the non-emergency number at 1-888-310-1122 or if a crime is in progress by dialling 911 .
ATV trailer stolen
Norfolk OPP are investigating after an ATV trailer valued at $ 3,000 was stolen from a Long Point property .
The theft was reported to police on Sunday morning .
Police say the culprit ( s ) forcibly gained entry to a maintenance compound . They then forced their way into a garage and removed a new silver coloured all-terrain vehicle trailer with a Chestermans sticker .
Money stolen
Money was stolen in a break and enter in Simcoe on Sunday .
Norfolk OPP say the theft occurred at a residence sometime between 8 a.m. and noon . The street address was not provided .
Two people face tobacco tax charges
Two traffic stops in Caledonia resulted in two people being charged with a variety of tobacco tax charges .
On Friday , Haldimand OPP stopped a vehicle on Argyle Street North at about 2:30 p.m. and subsequently charged a 33-year-old Toronto man with speeding and having an expired validation tag . They were also charged with two tobacco offences including possession of unmarked cigarettes and possession of unmarked tobacco for the purpose of sale .
On Sunday afternoon , Haldimand OPP stopped a vehicle that was travelling above the speed limit on Argyle Street North . Subsequent investigation led to tobacco tax charges against a 43-year-old Thorold woman . They were charged with possession of unmarked cigarettes and possession of unmarked tobacco for the purpose of sale . They were also charged with speeding .
News
By Bonnie Auslander
Public artists who want their work to be considered for Lyons ' growing public art collection have until May 15 to submit , according to the Lyons Arts and Humanities Commission ( LAHC ) and the Town of Lyons .
Lyons ' public art collection has been rechristened the “ heARTS of LYONS , ” says LAHC 's new chair Melinda Wunder . “ Our
tagline is ‘ an outdoor arts collection all over town , ' and our plan is to expand our current outdoor collection of art and sculpture through the careful selection of an additional 24 pieces . ”
To be considered for this two-year commitment , which carries with it a $ 750 honorarium , artists may submit online up to three pieces for juried consideration for a one-time $ 30 submission fee .
Submissions are now open . Simply search townoflyons.com for “ outdoor arts collection ” and the submission form will pop up .
The Town of Lyons and the LAHC have devised a map identifying where placement of art is permissible and will assist with the installation of mounting blocks and placards for each piece that 's selected for this outstanding , high-visibility opportunity .
Artists may choose to sell their work , showcased in this main high-traffic corridor to Rocky Mountain National Park , if the existing work is replaced by another piece in a timely fashion for the duration of the 2-year contract .
For more information , contact Melinda Wunder at This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . or go to http : //bit.ly/2GjUjHS
“ Ingage was a key tool in our fundraising . Being able to present our film in a dynamic , tech-forward way gave us an edge over those who use PDFs as a presentation . Engaging within the Ingage link once you share it makes the presentation go much further . The alternative is to attach a PDF , and pray that one day the person receiving it opens it ... and we all know , they never make it past the first page . ”
— Tiffany Bartok , Filmmaker
View the presentation
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Endeavour Morse may have finally got their hard-won promotion , just do n't expect them to crack any more smiles than usual . Five series in , and the Oxford copper has perfected their hardest glare , devastating put-downs and general disinterest in enjoying all the Swinging Sixties has to offer .
In short , he 's just like the gruff TV detective they will become in the later Morse series .
The scene has shifted to 1968 and episode one sees Detective Sergeant Endeavour ( Shaun Evans ) join the dots between the murder of an Oxford don , a bare-knuckle fighter and a flame-haired exotic dancer .
( Image : ITV )
Their new job means he 's no longer under the wing of DCI Fred Thursday ( Roger Allam ) . And they have their own constable to mentor , George Fancy . They give the lad short shrift for their leery attitude to WPC Trewlove ( Dakota Blue Richards ) . They also dismissively informs him : ‘ I do n't go in for small talk . Or first names . ' ( We did n't find out the Christian name of John Thaw 's Morse until the 11th series of Morse ) .
This attitude extends to the detective 's reaction to a flirtatious working girl : ‘ Save it for your clients , I 'm immune . '
( Image : ITV )
However , Joan Thursday ( Sara Vickers ) is back , and still shaken after the events of last year , which saw Endeavour 's ill-fated proposal to their boss 's daughter .
‘ Joan Thursday is still part of the story , ' says Shaun Evans , but reveals that Endeavour may have other dalliances . ‘ There 's a little bit of action , ' reveals Shaun .
‘ Not before time , if you ask me ! '
( Image : ITV )
This series is double the usual run , at six feature-length films . This means there 's more room for running plots involving the return of Thursday 's estranged brother ( played by Phil Daniels ) , the possibility that he 'll retire and the attempt to bring down local crime boss , Eddie Nero ( Mark Arden ) .
And as ever real historical events pop up : most interestingly , the merger of Oxford City Police into Thames Valley Constabulary . Will Endeavour lose their views of Oxford University 's dreaming spires to be banished to a new divisional HQ – with computers ?
Endeavour is on Sun 8pm ITV
How pubs should be serving their beer
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May today sensationally announced an early General Election on June 8th .
In a dramatic U-turn , the Prime Minister said they have `` reluctantly '' decided Britain should go to the polls in just 51 days ' time .
`` We need a General Election and we need one now , '' Mrs May said .
Them decision was immediately welcomed by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , who said they are ready to take on the PM at the ballot box .
“ I welcome the Prime Minister 's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a Government that will put the interests of the majority first , '' Mr Corbyn said .
“ Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy , delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS . ''
It comes less than a month after the PM 's official spokesperson categorically ruled out any suggestion of an early election , telling journalists : `` It is n't going to happen . ''
( Photo : Dan Kitwood )
( Photo : Rex Features )
Mrs May has themselves consistently ruled out going to the polls before 2020 - and now faces accusations of `` dishonesty '' from rival politicians .
Labour MP Jess Phillips said : `` So much for putting party before country '' .
But in a shock statement on the steps of Downing Street this morning , Mrs May said now feels they need a strong new majority in Parliament ahead of the looming Brexit negotiations .
`` Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit , and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country , '' they said .
The PM said they are going to the polls now as there is a window of opportunity before the Brexit negotiations begin in earnest this summer .
EU leaders will meet at the end of this month to agree their negotiating position , with the talks with Britain due to begin a few weeks later .
( Photo : DAILY MIRROR )
( Photo : DAILY MIRROR )
`` We have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done , while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin , '' Mrs May said .
However their decision follows a string of dismal polls for Labour which put the Tories way out in front .
Two surveys over the weekend put the Conservatives 21 points ahead of Jeremy Corbyn 's party - suggesting Mrs May could be on course for a landslide victory .
The PM however suggested they reached their decision over the Easter parliamentary recess , following previous denials that they would call an early vote .
`` I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion , '' the PM said .
`` Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020 .
`` But now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take . ''
Them decision is complicated somewhat by the Fixed Term Parliament Act passed by the Coalition Government , which says the next election should not be held until May 2020 .
( Photo : PA )
To overcome that law Mrs May will tomorrow move a motion in the House of Commons calling for an election on June 8th .
Under the terms of the Act they will need a two-thirds majority - meaning the support of Opposition MPs - for the election to go ahead .
But with the support of Labour that majority should be all but guaranteed .
And Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said they too welcomed the chance to take the fight to the Tories at the ballot box .
`` This election is your chance to change the direction of our country , '' they said .
They immediately moved to position the Lib Dems as the party of choice for ardent 'Remain ' voters still desperate to keep Britain inside the EU .
`` If you want to avoid a disastrous hard Brexit . If you want to keep Britain in the single market . If you want a Britain that is open , tolerant and united , this is your chance , '' they said .
`` Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority . ''
( Photo : EPA )
Scotland First Minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said : “ This announcement is one of the most extraordinary U-turns in recent political history , and it shows that Theresa May is once again putting the interests of their party ahead of those of the country .
“ She is clearly betting that the Tories can win a bigger majority in England given the utter disarray in the Labour Party .
“ It will once again give people the opportunity to reject the Tories ' narrow , divisive agenda , as well as reinforcing the democratic mandate which already exists for giving the people of Scotland a choice on their future . ”
UKIP , which has no MPs , claimed it `` welcomed the opportunity to take UKIP 's positive message to the country '' .
Leader Paul Nuttall said : `` However , we believe that the Prime Minister 's decision to call this election is a cynical decision driven more by the weakness of Corbyn 's Labour Party rather than the good of the country .
`` There is also the prospect of a slew of Tory held by-elections caused by the seeming systematic breach of electoral law at the last election , predominantly in places where UKIP were pressing the Conservatives hard .
`` We are in the midst of Brexit negotiations so this election will provide a perfect opportunity for the 52 % to vote for UKIP the only party wholeheartedly committed to a clean quick and efficient Brexit . ''
A spokesperson for Welsh Labour leader and First Minister Carwyn Jones said : `` We won last year 's Assembly election based on our strong record of leadership and delivery .
poll loading Was Theresa May right to call a snap election ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
“ We will enter the General Election campaign , whenever it comes , from a position of strength and with a distinctive and innovative offer for the people of Wales . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kanye West has reportedly parted ways with their management team after giving them a dramatic all-or-nothing ultimatum .
The rapper is said to have told their team they had to work with them full-time or not at all .
According to TMZ , the star was 'erratic ' when they gave their team , including their lawyers and manager Scooter Braun , the ultimatum .
But with a number of big stars under their management , including the likes of Ariana Grande , it 's said that Scooter told Kanye working full-time with them was n't an option .
( Image : Rex Features )
( Image : Splash News )
Kanye , who once said they want to be 'bigger than Apple ' , reportedly plans to do everything in-house when it comes to their music career .
The website says Kanye and Scooter are still on good terms and that they 'll continue to do business together in the future .
The site also reports their sources were quick to point out that Kanye was n't having the sort of meltdown they had in November 2016 .
It comes after Kanye , who recently welcomed their third child with wife Kim Kardashian , appeared to drop a huge hint that he 's going to run for President of the States in 2024 .
However , it seems they changed their mind just minutes later than they quickly deleted the post .
Kanye shared a snap of five identical posters hanging up on a wall outside what looks to be a store or office building .
( Image : kanyewest/Twitter )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The pink posters feature a black and white image of their face , with the slogan `` Keep America Great '' above him .
And at the bottom , there 's a hashtag that reads `` # Kanye2024 ''
Kanye shared the picture on Twitter alongside a thinking face emoji , but deleted it within a few minutes .
The slogan is similar to Trump 's , which was `` Make America Great Again '' .
It 's not known if the posters were actually of Kanye 's design , or if they were posted by a fan , with Kanye simply sharing the image with their followers .
Mirror Online has contacted Kanye 's representatives and Scooter and comment .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
You 'd think that most people would feel happy after sex . You 'd hope so , anyway , but there 's an infliction that causes some women to suffer an immense sadness after intercourse .
We 're not talking about anything untoward . The sex will be consensual , and yet some women endure something called post-coital dysphoria , or tristesse .
The condition means women might feel sad , anxious , aggressive , agitated , or simply melancholic immediately after having sex – even if the sex was particularly good ( in fact , it 's even more likely in this case ) . It can be a lonely and frightening experience for women .
( Image : Getty )
The issue has been explored by Sophie Saint Thomas in Mic . They spoke to Jerilyn , 27 , about the affliction .
`` Even when I was single , the post-sex depression morphed into a different shade of empty . I always attributed it to the fear of being abandoned , ” Jerilyn , who only gave them surname , said .
`` I started to wonder if something was being taken from me every time I had sex , even though I enjoyed the act itself . ''
A recent study into the condition found that 46 per cent of the 230 female participants experienced post-coital dysphoria more than you think – `` a few times '' in the month prior to the research .
Importantly , researchers found that intimacy or the significance of the relationship did n't seem to matter . It 's not just brought on by 'one-night stands ' as you might assume .
Another study from 2011 revealed similar results . Around a third of women said they felt depressed after sex – even when it was `` satisfactory '' .
( Image : Getty )
Sex therapist and counsellor at relationships charity Relate Denise Knowles told The Independent : `` It 's not uncommon to feel sad after sex .
`` It 's not necessarily due to a trauma or because they 're regretful : it does n't have to mean anything sinister is going on . ''
Denise said that it could be down to the explosion of hormones in the body that are prompted after sex , including endorphins , oxytocin , and prolactin .
`` Having sex is a hugely intimate act and an orgasm releases lots of wonderful feel-good bonding hormones , '' they said .
`` Those hormones drop following the peak of an orgasm , and as you separate from the closeness that brought it about , a sense of sadness can follow .
`` You go from absolute joy and pleasure to being separated . That in its own way can cause women , and some men , to feel a bit sad . But it 's an organic biological function which happens to a greater or lesser extent to many people . ''
Scientists think this could be an evolutionary function – something to keep people together so that they 're more likely to have sex again , and therefore reproduce . But there 's a lot more to discover .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An ammunition dealer who has acknowledged selling hundreds of rounds of tracer bullets to the Las Vegas gunman was charged on Friday with conspiracy to make and sell armor-piercing ammunition without a license .
Douglas Haig , 55 , of Mesa , Arizona , became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the October 1 massacre , which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history .
The gunman , Stephen Paddock , who fired at a crowd of concert-goers from their high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel , killed themselves before police stormed their room .
No clear motive for the massacre has ever been determined .
Haig told a news conference at the office of their attorney on Friday that none of the surplus military ammunition they sold Paddock in September was ever fired during the killing spree .
( Image : LVMPD )
Haig said they had no inkling of any criminal intent by Paddock . The ammunition dealer said Paddock told him , when asked , that they planned to use the tracer bullets to `` put on a light show either with , or for , their friends '' in the desert .
Paddock fired at a crowd of outdoor concert-goers with rapid-fire gunshots from their high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel before police stormed their room to find the 64-year-old retiree dead . No motive for the massacre has ever been established .
Haig said they were certain the gunman never used any of the 720 rounds of magnesium-packed tracer bullets Paddock had purchased from him .
`` You would have seen red streaks coming from the window . And there were n't red steaks coming from the window , '' they said .
Their lawyer , Marc Victor , suggested the casualty toll would have been lower had the tracer rounds been used , because victims would have seen the trajectory of gunfire in the dark and been able to take cover more easily .
`` It 's probably a bad thing that the ammunition Doug sold was not used , '' Victor said .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Haig also said there was nothing suspicious in Paddock 's demeanor when they visited Haig 's home to make the purchase .
`` He was very well dressed , very well groomed , very polite , very respectful - told me what they wanted , I gathered it up , put it in a box , told them what they owed me . They paid me , put it in their car and drove away , '' Haig recounted .
Victor called it `` a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the sate of Arizona . '' Victor said the two men had no further contact .
Victor said Haig got into the ammunition re-sale business in 1991 as a hobby , and has always been a `` law-abiding citizen . ''
Haig was charged with a single count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition , which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , according to the statement .
( Image : REUTERS )
Why is there still no motive in Las Vegas mass shooting ? 8 reasons the case is so unique
The criminal complaint , filed in a U.S. District court in Phoenix , said Haig previously had run an internet business selling armor-piercing bullets - including high-explosive and incendiary rounds - throughout the United States .
It said some merchandise sold through that business consisted of cartridges that had been `` reloaded , '' or assembled from component parts , though Haig lacked a license to make such ammunition for sale .
According to the complaint , Haig insisted to investigators that while they reload ammunition cartridges for himself , they never offered them to paying customers and that none reloaded by them would turn up at the crime scene in Las Vegas .
However , prosecutors said Haig 's fingerprints were found on some of the unfired rounds in Paddock 's hotel suite and that armor-piercing cartridges recovered there bore tool marks matching the reloading equipment in Haig 's workshop .
Haig made an initial court appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix and was freed on their own recognizance under conditional release pending a Feb. 15 status conference set for the case , prosecutors said .
In addition to the 58 people killed by Paddock in the Las Vegas massacre , nearly 500 people were injured , some by gunfire , others trampled or otherwise hurt while running for cover .
Police said Paddock had equipped 12 of the weapons found in their room with bump-stock devices that enable semi-automatic rifles to be fired as if they are fully automatic machine guns .
