NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) — Kenya 's main opposition group on Sunday postponed a mock ceremony to inaugurate its leader as president .
Opposition leader Raila Odinga and their colleagues said in a statement the decision to delay the event until a later date was reached after wide consultations but that they “ remain fully on course in pursuit of electoral justice . ”
“ We are aware that this will be a disappointment to the people of Kenya who were eagerly waiting for this occasion , ” the statement said . “ We wish to assure them that our resolve has not changed . Specifically , we wish to reiterate that any national dialogue must have electoral justice on the agenda . We are not interested in sharing illegitimate dictatorial power . ”
The protest event had been set for Dec. 12 .
Kenya 's government said last week the ceremony would amount to treason and the U.S. urged the opposition to cancel it amid concerns it might end in violence .
Odinga brought a successful legal challenge against President Uhuru Kenyatta 's August re-election but boycotted the repeat vote in October , saying there had not been enough electoral reforms .
Odinga said they do n't recognize Kenyatta as the country 's legitimate president , although the Supreme Court unanimously upheld Kenyatta 's victory in the October rerun vote .
Anger remains high among Odinga 's supporters who believe they won the August vote .
Dozens of people have been killed in clashes between the security forces and Odinga 's supporters since the August vote .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A serious crash on the A40 has closed the road in both directions this evening .
Police are advising motorists to avoid the area - the section between the Highnam roundabout and the turning onto Two Mile Lane , near Churcham , is shut .
Two vehicles are involved and a police control room spokesperson said the closure is likely to be in place for some time .
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
For the latest news and breaking news visit www.gloucestershirelive.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you . Follow us on Twitter @ GlosLiveOnline - the official GlosLive account – for real news in real time .
We 're also on facebook.com/GlosLiveOnline - your must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day .
Stars , they 're just like us—they wear overalls and fangirl/boy at Wiz Khalifa concerts .
On Thursday , Mila Kunis and their hubby Ashton Kutcher attended day 2 of Sziget music festival in Budapest , Hungary , alongside Kunis 's The Spy Who Dumped Me co-star Justin Theroux . Kunis and Theroux 's upcoming film , which is currently shooting at the Eastern European locale , also stars Gillian Anderson and Kate McKinnon .
The actor couple and their muscly third wheel dangled their legs off scaffolding at the music venue while they watched Wiz take the stage .
Kunis , outfitted in overalls and white sneakers , could n't stop smiling throughout the show—neither could Kutcher , who sat by their wife 's side in black jeans , a graphic tee , and a backward baseball cap . A few steps away sat Theroux , looking content ( though perhaps a tad lonely—where 's Jennifer Aniston ? ) in their go-to look : graphic tank , black skinny jeans .
Joseph Okpako/WireImage
Kutcher posted a couple 'grams from the show :
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BXoHBK_HOxE/ ? taken-by=aplusk In that cloud is wiz A post shared by Ashton Kutcher ( @ aplusk ) on Aug 10 , 2017 at 1:29pm PDT
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BXoLmCEHqH3/ ? taken-by=aplusk The better seat . A post shared by Ashton Kutcher ( @ aplusk ) on Aug 10 , 2017 at 2:09pm PDT
Theroux took the Insta ' crown , though , posting a pic with the rapper himself . Keep up , Ashton !
RELATED : Ashton Kutcher Reminisces on Their First On-Screen Kiss with Mila Kunis
BRB , we 'll be drafting fan fiction about Mila , Ashton , Justin , Jen , and Wiz 's European dinner parties until further notice .
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) - Puerto Rico 's Senate has ordered government agencies to explain why tens of thousands of people in rural areas remain without power or appropriate shelter as anger grows about the lack of basic services more than seven months after Hurricane Maria .
The agencies have five days to present a plan on how and when they will address the needs of rural towns .
The order comes as police in a small mountain town blocked power crews from leaving on Tuesday while residents demanded they stay to restore electricity service that many still lack .
The standoff ended after the power company promised it would keep crews in Las Piedras until service is fully restored . The crews were obeying company orders to head off to another town .
The @ HoustonRockets use a historic 50 point 3rd Q to take a 3-1 lead heading back to Houston !
Harden : 36 PTS , 4 Rebs , 3 AST , 4 STL
Paul : 25 PTS , 6 Rebs , 6 AST , 5 STL # Rockets 119 | # AllEyesNorth 100
KAT : 22 PTS , 15 REB pic.twitter.com/cSmnZXD9ex
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO – Two of the four people aboard a small plane that crashed in Clairemont over the weekend were identified Monday .
San Diego Union-Tribune reported Dawn and Robert Stelling were in the single-engine Beech B36 Bonanza when it crash-landed in a baseball field and skidded into a house in the 6000 block of Chandler Drive near Mt . Abernathy Avenue . The plane then burst into flames .
Dawn was able to escape the wreckage with some injuries , but their husband Robert was killed , according to the newspaper .
The crash happened about 4:30 p.m. Saturday . Two people from the plane were hospitalized , fire officials said .
The names of the other two people were not released .
No one was home when the plane crashed , but the family 's dog Mr. Biggie died as a result of the crash , a neighbor told FOX 5 .
According to the Union-Tribune , the plane was owned by Altitude Aviation , which provides private jet charter services .
The Stellings were from Southhampton , New York . They have three children , the newspaper reported .
Federal Insights : Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud .
TEHRAN : Chief of the Naval Staff , Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi who is on an official visit to Iran to attend the 6th Indian Ocean Naval Symposium ( IONS ) “ Conclave of Chiefs 2018 ” being held from April 23-25 , 2018 in Tehran held separate meetings with Commander Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , Rear Admiral Ali Fidavi , Deputy Commander of Iran Army , Vice Admiral Habib Ullah Siyari and Commander of Iranian Navy , Rear Admiral Hossein Khanzadi and discusses with them the matters of mutual interest and bilateral defence ties .
During the meeting of Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi with Commander of Islamic Republic of Iran Navy , Rear Admiral Hossein Khanzadi , matters of mutual interest including bilateral naval collaboration and security environment in Indian Ocean Region were dilated upon . The Naval thanked Rear Admiral Hossein Khanzadi for inviting them to attend 6th Indian Ocean Naval Symposium , “ Conclave of Chiefs 2018 ” .
Both dignitaries also discussed avenues to enhance bilateral cooperation between both navies in the field of training , provision of technical manpower and expertise . Commander of Iranian Navy acknowledged the need and significance of close and strong bilateral naval association in diverse realms between Pakistan Navy and Iranian Navy .
During the meetings of Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi with Commander Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , Rear Admiral Ali Fidavi and Deputy Commander of Iran Army , Vice Admiral Habib Ullah Siyari , professional matters of mutual interest and bilateral defence ties were discussed .
The Iranian dignitaries acknowledged warm and brotherly relations between Pakistan and Iran , based on historical ties and highly appreciated the role and contribution of Pakistan for maintaining peace and stability in the maritime domain .
The dignitaries agreed to enhance bilateral collaboration between Pakistan and Iran in general and defence related avenues in particular.—INP
President Trump has taken to Twitter to express their thoughts about the recent Roseanne Barr kerfuffle — and he 's not pleased with ABC 's course of action .
The Alphabet Net , of course , cancelled Barr 's eponymous sitcom on Tuesday , after they posted a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett , an African-American former advisor to President Obama . ( “ muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj , ” Barr wrote , later apologizing for the “ bad joke . ” )
Trump addressed Roseanne ‘ s cancellation in a tweet Wednesday morning , seemingly finding it hypocritical that ABC would have a zero-tolerance policy for racist remarks , but has not apologized to Trump for any criticism of their administration that has taken place on ABC .
“ Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ' made by Roseanne Barr , ” Trump wrote . “ Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ” made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
Though Barr was not the sole focus of Trump 's tweet , they and POTUS have a history of praising one another . Not only was Barr 's Roseanne character an avid Trump supporter , but the comedian said multiple times during Trump 's campaign that America would be “ lucky ” to have them as president .
Pence the appeaser .
Sorry this was a deliberate attack on a citizen by a right wing extremest . An attack from groups to espouse violence . Two Groups the Nazi 's and the KKK are habitually on the FBI 's list of organizations engaged in Un-American Activity .
Trump 's tepid generic apology was even celebrated by these groups .
No Mr. Pence you are whoring yourself and whatever Christian principles you pretend to hold when you defend Donald Trump 's tepid generic comments .
MIAMI — For the first time in three starts this season , Mets righthander Matt Harvey did not emerge with a win . But they nonetheless found reason to be encouraged after their team 's 4-2 loss to the Marlins on Sunday .
“ Each start and each outing from here on in is going to be a new test , ” said Harvey , who did not factor in the decision . “ Being able to go against that lineup and control the damage for the most part was definitely uplifting for me . ”
Harvey allowed two runs ( one earned ) in six innings . They departed with the Mets down 2-0 , but they touched 97 mph and looked comfortable amping up when necessary .
“ Matt pitched well , ” manager Terry Collins said .
The Marlins took a 1-0 lead off Harvey in the first even though a batted ball never left the infield . Pesky leadoff man Dee Gordon bunted for a hit on the first pitch of the game , the first of their three hits . Moments later , they advanced to third base when Harvey 's pickoff throw sailed past Lucas Duda , ricocheted off the side wall and trickled into no-man 's land in shallow rightfield . Gordon scored an unearned run on Christian Yelich 's one-out groundout to short .
After settling into a groove , Harvey encountered trouble in the sixth , when Marcell Ozuna 's double to the gap in left-center drove in Yelich . It would have been worse for the Mets had it not been for the lumbering Justin Bour 's poor slide . Bour was thrown out at the plate , thanks to a strong relay throw from shortstop Jose Reyes and an alert play by Travis d'Arnaud to close off the plate with their leg .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Extra bases
Jeurys Familia may be eased back into save situations when they return from their 15-game domestic-violence suspension on Thursday , Collins said . As part of their preparations to rejoin the Mets , Familia is set to make their second minor-league appearance on Monday for Double-A Binghamton . . . Hitting coach Kevin Long left the team on Sunday to be with their father , who is ill . . . Reyes went 0-for-3 with a walk , dropping their average to .087 ( 4-for-46 ) .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A Texas State Representative from South Texas was hit in the head by a stray bullet overnight during the New Year celebrations .
The Hidalgo County Sheriff 's Office is carrying out an investigation into the shooting , authorities confirmed to Breitbart Texas .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The shooting of State Representative Armando Martinez ( D-Weslaco ) was first reported by The Mcallen Monitor . The Texas politician was struck in their head by what authorities believe was a bullet that had been fired into the air . The stray bullet landed near Weslaco where Martinez had been celebrating . The Texas State Representative is receiving treatment at a local hospital and is expected to recover .
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas . They co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon . You can follow them on Twitter and on Facebook .
A triple shooting in West Dublin yesterday is being blamed on a local feud .
An eight month old baby , their mother and a teenage boy were hit with shotgun pellets in Mulhuddart at midday .
A man in their 40s was arrested - but no one has been charged yet .
Irish Independent reporter Ian Begley was at the scene when the family 's grandad made a statement :
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Mookie Betts homered twice and Xander Bogaerts had three RBIs to help the Boston Red Sox beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-3 on Wednesday night .
Betts had four hits and drove in three to lead an offensive barrage off Phillies starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 5-5 ) . Boston tagged them for six runs on nine hits in just five innings .
Betts led off the game with a single , had an RBI double in the second , but their biggest hit was a solo home run , their 10th of the season , in the fourth inning after the Phillies had scored three runs to close within 5-3 .
They had a chance to get the cycle in the ninth inning , but instead of a triple connected for home run No . 11 to put the game out of reach . It was their eighth career multi-homer game .
Advertisement
Betts was dazzling defensively as well , and made a stellar diving catch in right field to rob Howie Kendrick of a hit in the fifth inning .
The AFL tribunal has found Geelong captain Joel Selwood not guilty of striking .
Selwood faced a one-game ban for striking Port Adelaide forward Lindsay Thomas but will now play in Saturday 's home game against Sydney .
Also tonight , Thomas pleaded guilty to rough conduct and received a three-game suspension , while fiery Hawthorn defender James Sicily also pleaded guilty to serious misconduct and will serve a one-game ban .
Camera Icon Port Adelaide 's Lindsay Thomas celebrates a goal on Saturday against Geelong . Picture : Getty Images
With having out a Core i7 `` Broadwell '' ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop for the MoCA 2.0 network tests , I decided to run some end-of-year graphics tests on this Core i7 5600U system with OpenGL and Vulkan.The last time I had out this particular system with i7-5600 CPU sporting HD Graphics 5500 , the Vulkan experience was n't really working out at that time . But a half-year has passed and now it 's in better shape for this low-power ultrabook.I ran tests with the Linux 4.10 and Mesa 13.1-devel Git stacks atop Ubuntu 16.10 x86_64.The HD Graphics 5500 on this i7-5600U ultrabook are n't the fastest , but at 800 x 600 for Dota 2 we see the performance is about the same between the Vulkan and OpenGL drivers.Still close at 1280 x 1024.The performance is rather low , but those are the numbers for those always craving fresh Intel graphics results.Unfortunately no Talos Principle results for Vulkan as the game was hanging in this configuration.Still working on some other fresh tests with Iris Pro Graphics as well as the Skylake HD Graphics that provide for more playable Linux OpenGL/Vulkan gaming experience . Great to see overall though how the Intel `` ANV '' Vulkan driver has matured this year and is quite a competent driver while the i965 Mesa driver has also advanced in 2016 to supporting OpenGL 4.5 , performance optimizations , and other improved functionality .
AMMAN — The Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations ( FAO ) has organised a brainstorming session between stakeholders and several ministries to discuss Jordan 's adaptation strategy to climate change , an FAO statement said .
Led by the ministries of water and irrigation , agriculture , and environment , the session covered Jordan 's sectoral interventions to address the climate change challenges , including the application of more efficient and more sustainable agricultural strategies to the Jordanian context .
The brainstorming session was attended by technical experts involved in climate change-related issues across the Kingdom , including government officials , governorates ' representatives , UNDP Environment and Climate Change advisers as well as the FAO 's experts team , according to the statement .
Nafis Khan , FAO 's Head of Programmes and Operations , said that “ the aim of the brainstorming session was to initiate dialogues on adaptation to climate change in Jordan so as to assist the country in addressing pressing adverse impacts of climate change in a participatory as well as holistic approach ” .
They added that the FAO 's goal was to include global voices in the discussions on climate change in order to offer locally adapted solutions , which are in line with internationally accepted research produced by the FAO and other relevant organisations .
The meeting resulted in fruitful discussions , interactive exchanges of views and networking that helped to identify probable area ( s ) of collaboration and underpin the sector ( s ) of intervention of a potential Green Climate Fund project in Jordan .
The Green Climate Fund was created in 2010 under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change . It allocates its resources to low-emission and climate-resilient projects , and programmes in developing countries .
Alzheimer 's disease is so complex , it can not be effectively understood by studying mice or even by examining brain scans of people believed to be affected , Dr. Allison B. Reiss of NYU Winthrop Hospital said Tuesday .
They and their collaborators in the laboratory are recreating the cellular components of the human brain to better understand Alzheimer 's , a disease that steals memories , all higher thinking and sense of self .
The research by Reiss and their colleagues has so intrigued the Alzheimer 's Disease Resource Center in Bay Shore that it has given them $ 10,000 to further their research .
Reiss is analyzing human stem cells re-engineered to function as neurons , the key cells in the brain involved in all higher thought , learning and memory . In lab dishes , these cells are integrated with other cellular components to recreate a milieu of the human brain .
The team hopes to coax lessons from the cocktail of gray and white matter to better understand how the disease damages the most complex organ in the known universe — the source of music , mathematics , politics — and crime .
The human brain is unparalleled in its complexity ; human cells , therefore , work best to understand the disease that unravels it , Reiss said . They call the approach recreating a microcosm of the human brain .
“ Mice do not work as surrogates for this very human condition , ” Reiss said . “ We are trying to build a system that will help us predict who is vulnerable to Alzheimer 's — then to start looking at families to follow over time . We also want to test drugs and treatments . ”
The leading drugs they and their colleagues hope to test are those most likely to have an impact on the “ plaques and tangles , ” of the disease , two destructive elements seen in brain autopsies of people with Alzheimer 's . They also hope to test medications that can address the loss of energy production in the brain , a feature of Alzheimer 's .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Beta amyloid is the gummy protein that makes up plaques . Another one , called tau , causes the disastrous unraveling of neurons . But Reiss says beta amyloid is a mystery because some older people have significant plaque formation at the end of life , but do not develop Alzheimer 's disease .
Them research also is delving into damage of the mitochondria , tiny bean-shaped factories in cells that provide all of the body 's chemical energy . Damage in these vital components may help explain why people lose their minds to this form of dementia , they said .
“ Oh my God , they surprised me completely , ” Reiss said of the Bay Shore resource center 's $ 10,000 grant . “ They invited me to talk about my work . Then suddenly [ when ] I am giving my talk , someone said : “ We have a surprise for you and they took out this giant check .
“ This is so validating . It is such a big struggle every day for every one of us in research , ” they said of working to find answers to complex medical conditions .
Mary Ann Ragona , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Disease Resource Center , said in a statement that they were impressed by Reiss ' emphasis on finding answers .
“ Allison Reiss has passionately and tirelessly investigated new avenues for advancements in the treatment of Alzheimer 's , ” Malack-Ragona said . “ Her research is extremely important , and we hope that our grant will aid the NYU Winthrop team 's endeavors to find keys to stop the disease 's progression . ”
Reiss said they could not take all of the credit for the novel method of investigating a disease that affects more than 5 million people in the United States .
“ This is a ‘ takes-a-village-thing , ' it 's not just me , ” they said . “ This is a collaborative effort . ”
Instead of their usual school reminders , student news and inspirational quotes , Huntington High School Principal Brenden Cusack used a video in their “ text of the day ” Thursday morning to thank the community for helping them after a spring break skiing accident .
The text included a music video within the video — an original ditty , all of nine words and with Auto-Tune voice distortion .
“ I got a broken ankle . Ohhhhhhhh noooooooo . It bro-oke , ” they sing plaintively in the grainy black-and-white video they created with the Voloco app .
“ Just saying ‘ hi ' to somebody can change their day and physically and emotionally make them feel better , ” Cusack tells students , parents and school staff in the nonmusical portion of the video .
Cusack sends out the “ text of the day ” at 7 a.m. during the school week . They rarely send a video . They got the idea to send this one because they say they were moved by the care and concern by everyone at the school , especially students , who enjoyed kidding with them as they hobbled along on a crutch alternative known as a knee wheeler .
“ It was nice to see kids hold doors , offer to help carry things and ask how I was feeling , ” says Cusack , adding , “ To be the recipient of that kind of warmth has definitely had a healing effect on me . ”
A fan of their principal 's video , senior Maggie Giles , 18 , says it “ was a happy reminder that we can do the same for them as they do for us every day . It made my day to hear the little things we do to brighten their day . ”
CINCINNATI - Researchers report encouraging preclinical results as they pursue elusive therapeutic strategies to repair scarred and poorly functioning heart tissues after cardiac injury -- describing an experimental molecular treatment for heart failure .
In an Aug. 22 study in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology , researchers at the Cincinnati Children 's Heart Institute inhibited a protein that helps regulate the heart 's response to adrenaline . This alleviated the disease processes in mouse models of human heart failure , and in cardiac cells isolated from heart failure patients undergoing reparative surgery .
The experimental approach focuses on the role of the proteins Gβγ and GRK2 , which are involved in a signaling pathway activated by adrenaline stimulation . The adrenergic system plays a fundamental role in maintaining normal heart function , according to study authors . Their data show that chronic over stimulation of the system ( which happens after a heart attack ) prompts hypertrophy -- a thickening and enlargement of the heart muscle . It also causes fibrosis , the formation of scar tissue .
In a mouse model that closely simulates the disease progression in humans after a heart attack , the researchers blocked Gβγ-GRK2 molecular signaling with an experimental small molecular inhibitor called gallein . When treatment was started one week after the initial cardiac injury , it preserved heart function and reduced tissue scarring and enlargement -- essentially rescuing the animals from heart failure . The authors also reported a similar level of protection in a new genetically altered mouse model in which GRK2 is removed from a specific cell type in the heart - the cardiac fibroblast .
`` Regrettably , there are essentially no clinical interventions that effectively target these tissue-damaging cardiac fibroblasts . This work may provide evidence that shifts the way we think about treating heart failure , '' said Burns Blaxall , PhD , senior investigator and the heart institute 's director of translational science . `` Not only has our study identified the cardio-protective properties of pharmacological and fibroblast-specific Gβγ-GRK2 inhibition in a clinically relevant mouse model , we also showed that inhibition reduced the activation of human heart failure cardiac fibroblasts . This is a key cell type responsible for the scarring of heart tissue . ''
Children and Adult Congenital
Diseases of the heart muscle are common ailments in both pediatric and adult populations , and research by the Blaxall group has revealed many are linked to heart tissue fibrosis . Adult congenital heart disease is also a growing concern for clinicians and researchers at Cincinnati Children 's , who are developing new clinical and research strategies for adults who were pediatric heart patients .
Despite the current study 's promising preclinical findings the authors stress it 's too early to say whether the data will translate into clinically beneficial treatments for human heart failure patients . However , the data do open the door to developing new pharmacologic compounds with therapeutic potential .
Blaxall and colleagues have dedicated many years to searching for clinically relevant clues to address the lack of effective drugs . In 2006 they were on a research team that published findings ( Journal of Cardiac Failure ) that identified elevated levels of GRK2 in cardiac cells from heart failure patients . The study put a number of different investigative teams on the trail of exploring whether targeted inhibition of Gβγ , and its interaction with GRK2 , might be therapeutically relevant .
Blaxall 's team has since published numerous studies testing the therapeutic efficacy of the experimental research compound gallein ( a Gβγ-GRK2 inhibitor ) in various animal models of heart failure . Collectively , these previous studies revealed the compound has significant promise for treating cardiac dysfunction and fibrosis . Until the current study , the cellular processes responsible for fibrosis reduction have remained unknown -- an important piece of knowledge needed to develop potential new drugs .
Preclinical Results
In the current study , researchers first tested the compound gallein by administering it one week following cardiac injury in control mice with unaltered expression of GRK2 . Four weeks after the initial cardiac injury , control mice showed signs of significant fibrosis and heart dysfunction , although targeted Gβγ-GRK2 inhibition with gallein offered the animals substantial cardiac functional protection . This included preservation of the heart muscle 's contractile abilities and a reduction of fibrosis within the cardiac tissue .
In a second group of mice , the Blaxall team genetically removed the GRK2 protein shortly after cardiac injury from either cardiomyocytes ( the contractile/functional cells of the heart ) . Study authors note that in mice that had GRK2 specifically removed from their cardiomyocytes post-injury , gallein treatment demonstrated significant protection of heart function in the animals . This suggests a potential protective role for the drug beyond cardiomyocyte cells , they said .
In a third group of mice , GRK2 expression was eliminated post injury from just heart fibroblast cells . These animals maintained nearly normal heart function and showed significant improvements in ejection fraction ( how forcefully the heart muscle pumps blood ) with no further cardio protection provided by gallein treatment .
Researchers attribute the benefits of Gβγ-GRK2 inhibition to a decrease in the pathologic activation of cardiac fibroblasts , as well as a subsequent reduction in fibrosis in the injured cardiac tissue . Taken together , these findings suggest that the improvements observed in the heart 's contractile performance after injury may be the result of an overall reduced fibrotic burden .
Next Steps
As they continue their research , the authors are working with collaborators at other institutions to develop a pharmacologic compound that would work much the same way as gallein and also would be safe in animal testing and ( eventually ) patients .
Also , because the therapeutic approach tested in the current study may target molecular pathways that affect fibrosis in general , the researchers plan to extend their findings to the study of fibrotic remodeling in other tissues such as the lung , liver , and kidney .
# # #
Funding support for the research came in part from the National Institutes of Health ( R01HL132551 , R01HL133695 , R01HL134312 , P01HL069779 ) , an American Heart Association postdoctoral fellowship award , and a pre-doctoral fellowship award from the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America Foundation . The authors include in the current paper that they report no conflicts of interest .
United Nations : North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $ 200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports , according to a confidential report by independent UN monitors , which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to Syria and Myanmar .
The report to a UN Security Council sanctions committee , seen by Reuters on Friday , said North Korea had shipped coal to ports , including in Russia , China , South Korea , Malaysia and Vietnam , mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin , instead of North Korea .
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang ` s nuclear and ballistic missile programs , banning exports including coal , iron , lead , textiles and seafood , and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products .
`` The DPRK ( North Korea ) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains , complicit foreign nationals , offshore company registries and the international banking system , '' the UN monitors wrote in the 213-page report .
The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the UN report . Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing UN sanctions on North Korea .
SYRIA , MYANMAR
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between Syria and Myanmar , including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria ` s Scientific Studies and Research Centre , which oversees the country ` s chemical weapons program .
The investigation has shown `` further evidence of arms embargo and other violations , including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs , '' the UN monitors wrote .
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria . Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project , the monitors reported .
One country , which was not identified , told the monitors the seized shipments can `` be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory . ''
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 . However , diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability .
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the UN report .
The UN monitors also said one country , which they did not identify , reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea , along with conventional weapons , including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles .
Myanmar UN Ambassador Hau Do Suan said the Myanmar government `` has no ongoing arms relationship , whatsoever , with North Korea '' and is abiding by the UN Security Council resolutions .
BANNED EXPORTS , IMPORTS
Under a 2016 resolution , the UN Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee . It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on August 5 .
The UN monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and August 5 to ports in Russia , China , Malaysia and Vietnam . They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions .
After the coal ban was imposed on August 5 , the UN monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia , China , South Korea and Vietnam . The UN monitors said all those shipments `` would constitute a violation of the resolution , if confirmed . ''
`` The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns , signals manipulation , transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal , '' the monitors said .
The UN monitors `` also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation ( of UN sanctions ) ... and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China . ''
The monitors said one country , which they did not name , told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January .
The report said several multinational oil companies , which were not named , were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) - A St. Louis organization that supports women-led startup companies is expanding to six new cities .
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Brazen Global announced Tuesday that it 's creating branches in Chicago , Dallas , Denver , Detroit , Philadelphia and Fort Worth , Texas . The organization has hired acting directors in each new market .
Brazen was founded in 2014 by Jennifer Ehlen , who noticed that St. Louis ranked near the bottom of an American Express study on cities that support women entrepreneurs . Brazen has assisted more than 1,000 women entrepreneurs in St. Louis since forming .
The organization provides resources , sponsors support groups and hosts networking events for female business owners .
Ehlen says the group hopes to help women entrepreneurs realize their growth aspirations .
___
Information from : St. Louis Post-Dispatch , http : //www.stltoday.com
Listening to the music of Australian singer/songwriter/guitarist C. W. Stoneking is like stumbling onto some lost blues artifact from the 1930s or '40s . And it 's not just because Stoneking digs into an array of classic blues styles , from solo guitar-and-vocal wails to creepy Appalachian backwoods laments to roadhouse stomps that seem to test the very limits of their hoarse , emotional shout of a voice . It 's because their albums , the most recent of which is 2016 's Gon ' Boogaloo , are absolutely soaked in the ambience of the past .
Stoneking 's songs are buried under layers of distortion and fuzz , as if they 're being played on an old transistor radio or a 78 vinyl . They bring to mind the recordings of Robert Johnson or the first Chess Records releases by Howlin ' Wolf , where the instruments and voices are a blur of primal sound . It 's not just that Stoneking has the styles down — they have the aesthetics down as well . It 's indicative of someone who fell in love with all forms of early 20th-century blues as a young man . Or , at the very least , someone with friends who fell in love with it .
`` To be honest when I first got into that music , it was because the people I was hanging with were into that music , '' Stoneking says . `` I sort of liked a lot of different stuff , but there was n't anything else available where I could play in a group and get paid for it . That 's how I got started with it . ''
But as they learned more about artists like Son House , Robert Johnson , Skip James , and Bukka White , and styles like gospel blues , Chicago blues , and ragtime , Stoneking fell in love with the kaleidoscopic variety of approaches they encountered .
`` As I continued on that path , I started to become more interested in it from the standpoint of a guitar player , '' they say . `` Vintage blues from the '20s and '30s encompasses so many different styles . And there was something satisfying about exploring that music . ''
Stoneking emerged in the late '90s as an artist fully immersed in classic blues . And musically , they could move among those styles at will , coming off like a broken-down , brokenhearted man , swaying from a backwoods swampy mystic to a fiery preacher from song to song — and never feeling like a nostalgia act .
And then there 's that aesthetic that Stoneking drenches the songs in , though they say that throwback production style has more to do with the instruments and equipment they use than anything behind the soundboard .
`` In fact , I think the first two records , which I think sound older than the newest one , were recorded in really modern circumstances , '' they say . `` I think it was just the sound of the instruments we used and the way the arrangements worked . ''
They do acknowledge , though , that they keep the overall sound in mind as they write and records their songs .
`` I guess when you use that aesthetic , it conjures a picture in my mind as I 'm making the song , '' they say . `` And I try to keep the sound in this certain tonal spectrum that enhances that feeling . There 's no place that I go when I write ; I just kind of fiddle about until I hear something that gives me a certain feeling and then I pursue that . If it 's something that sounds interesting , I try to flesh it out and try to make whatever it 's giving me as colorful as I can . ''
Once Stoneking starts fleshing out those ideas , there 's a vocal approach to think about . It often seems like they adopt a different persona per track , molding their maniacal , gritty voice into whatever the song requires , like an actor in a film .
`` If it 's a story that I 'm telling , it 's quite visual when I 'm doing it , '' they say . `` It 's almost like making a movie with sound . ''
That voice has n't gone unnoticed by some of Stoneking 's musical contemporaries . Earlier this year , they appeared on Jack White 's new album Boarding House Reach , intoning a sinister poem over eerie orchestral backing on `` Abulia & Akrasia . ''
`` It was cool , '' Stoneking says of working with White , who they had n't met before heading to the studio . `` I was in New York doing some shows and I got a message from them that they were in town doing some recording . They told me to come down and bring a guitar . I did n't know what we were going to do , but I got down there , and he 'd written this very verbose poem they wanted me to recite . I think they liked my speaking voice , and they already had the music recorded ; there were fiddles and all sorts of things on there . It was a lot of fun to do . ''
BROOKLINE , Mass . ( AP ) — Residents of a Boston suburb have voted to rename the elementary school once attended by John F. Kennedy because it was named for a former slave owner .
Town meeting members in Brookline voted Tuesday 171-19 to change the name of the Edward Devotion School .
It will be known as the Coolidge Corner School , after its neighborhood , until a new name can be approved at next spring 's town meeting .
Deborah Brown , who proposed the change , said , “ No child should have to walk into a school named for someone who enslaved people . ”
Opponents called the name change an empty gesture that does n't address racism 's underlying causes .
Devotion , who died in 1744 , left money to the town on the condition it is used for a school .
The future president attended from kindergarten through third grade .
Comments
comments
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SLIDELL , La . -- Would you stop for gas if you saw this at the pumps ?
This creepy video shows a massive swarm of mayflies taking over a convenience store in Slidell , Louisiana .
`` I saw it last night around 11 and it was crazy , '' says Dalton Bond , who witnessed the swarm firsthand .
Kenny Hickman , who captured the frenzy on their cell phone , says it 's unlike anything he 's ever seen .
`` I started filming it with my phone and I 'm like I 'm not getting out , ” Hickman tells WGNO .
Thankfully , mayflies have a short lifespan and typically live for roughly 24 hours .
`` I 'm either having them for dinner , up my ears , up my nose , I have n't seen so many before swarm , '' says Hickman .
Just like moths , mayflies are attracted to light , so a bright gas station fits the bill no matter how unnerving their buggy behavior seems to us .
According to Entomology Today , mayfly swarms are common in late spring and early summer during mating season .
Posted 9 hours ago
The Orange Democratic Movement 's National elections board says it will have to repeat the nominations in Busia , but only in Teso North and Teso South .
Two Vancouver-based reporters have been awarded the 2018 R. James Travers Foreign Corresponding Fellowship to look into the issue of containing antibiotic-resistant superbugs — a threat that poses a deadly risk to Canadians , the award recipients say .
Aleksandra Sagan and Laura Kane will use their award , worth $ 25,000 , to investigate antimicrobial resistance against the backdrop of a potential worldwide health outbreak . They will detail the work of various countries for The Canadian Press in a series to be published in spring 2018 .
“ We will explore the epidemic in India , a hotbed for new superbugs , and South Africa , a nation fighting to contain the deadliest antibiotic-resistant disease today : drug-resistant tuberculosis , ” said Kane . “ While this issue may seem distant , bacteria do n't respect borders and pose a threat to Canadians ' health and safety . ”
The winners were announced Monday by Susan Harada , associate director of Carleton University 's School of Journalism and Communication . Sen. Jim Munson hosted the event , and parliamentarians and colleagues of Travers — a former foreign correspondent and editor of the Citizen — were also in attendance at Centre Block .
Left unchecked , it is estimated that antimicrobial resistance will claim 10 million lives by 2050 , costing trillions to the global economy .
Sagan and Kane are Vancouver-based reporters for The Canadian Press . Sagan reports on business , retail and technology , while Kane has covered a range of social justice issues across Canada . Their project was chosen from a pool of five finalists .
Sagan had been ill with a cold when they received the call from Harada of their win . In an ironic twist , they had just been prescribed antibiotics at the doctor 's office that day .
“ It was a very surreal day to have that diagnosis and prescription , ” Sagan said .
Kane and Sagan acknowledged the support of the Travers family in funding the important overseas journalism . “ I think these opportunities are few and far between in Canadian media and we are so grateful to report this story that we think is so important to developing countries and to Canada , ” said Kane .
Jim Travers was a foreign correspondent for Southam News , the predecessor of Postmedia Network . Covering conflicts in Africa and the Middle East in the 1980s , they went on to become general manager of Southam , then editor of the Citizen .
“ Jim brought the Canadian perspective to global events , ” said senator Munson . “ He is an inspiration and a role model for a new generation of foreign correspondents and I congratulate this year 's fellowship recipients for tackling this pressing global health issue . ”
Hauling Away the Trash
Caltrans and L.A. Recreation and Parks employees worked together and removed 14 truckloads of trash on September 25 along PCH , just south of Temescal Canyon Road . Thank you to all of the Pacific Palisades Task Force on Homelessness members and volunteers who went into the brush and dragged out trash from abandoned camp sites . Thank you , Caltrans and RAP , for having these mounds of trash hauled away—it was really was an eyesore .
Scolney 's Strong Message
In their Letter to the Editor ( September 4 , “ Remove Palisadian-Post Signs ” ) , Peter Scolney wrote that they were cancelling their subscription to the Post and would not patronize its advertisers until the two signs were taken down from the 881 Alma Real building . I 'm taking similar action . The signs should come down . The city ruled that they were illegal ( but later had to approve them because of a technicality ) and we do n't want others like them around town . Especially at night , all lit up , the signs are outrageous .
The ‘ Dog ' with No Chip
I walk my dog on Haverford , and last night I saw this skinny “ dog ” near Bowdoin . At first , I was a little put out because I thought I should try to catch it so I could return it to its owner , but I was tired and did n't really want to do that . Then , I realized it was a coyote . Egads , no chip on that thing .
Bonin 's ‘ Road Diets '
It seems to me that the News is being mean to Councilman Bonin about their “ road diet ” plans , which do n't affect Pacific Palisades . They are doing good things for our town . Right now , he 's renewed the speed hump program ( which was eliminated in 2009 ) . Just go to ladot.lacity.org/how-do-i/request-speed-humps , but do it quickly because once the requests are maxed out , that 's it for 2018 .
Leaf Blowers & LAPD
Hear , hear to whoever wrote “ Ban the Leaf Blowers ! ” Besides the horrendous noise they make , they are one of the biggest contributors to L.A. smog and contribute to illnesses such as asthma . And here 's the reason the city ordinance ca n't be enforced : The police ca n't be bothered ! Ad- ditionally , calls to the leaf-blower complaint hotline go nowhere . Councilman Bonin needs to help resolve this problem .
( Editor 's note : We have been told that if you call [ 877 ] ASK-LAPD and complain , the police will come out and ticket , but they need to see the violator in person . And the gardener needs to be using a gas-powered leaf blower , not an electric blower . )
———————
If you 'd like to share something you 've “ heard about town , ” please email it to spascoe @ palisadesnews.com
NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) — After a third straight losing season , New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton limited discussion about their future to the offseason work they expect to begin this week with their current team .
Payton did n't outright deny they might wind up coaching elsewhere . They did not say they had no interest in coaching another team . But they did assert that some recent published reports about them contained factual errors . They emphasized that the reason they often allow speculation to fester is because they do not want to dignify with responses those reports they view as incorrect and based on unaccountable , unnamed sources .
“ We 're not going to address rumors , ” Payton said on an end-of-season conference call with media on Monday , a day after a season-ending 38-32 loss at Atlanta . “ If we answered those every time , it would be silly . ”
Payton took issue in particular with reports that they met with general manager Mickey Loomis after Sunday 's season finale to discuss the coach 's future with the club , calling it “ completely false . ”
“ If I 'm going to answer questions to a report like that that 's inaccurate , then we only just feed or turn the rumor mill — so I wo n't , ” Payton said . “ And that 's just the way it is . ”
Payton did wind up acknowledging that they met with Loomis , but stressed that the pair have met after every game he 's coached since their hiring in 2006 — but mainly to discuss the game that was just played .
“ We come in . We have a Gatorade . We talk , ” Payton said . “ Then we get a cheeseburger and we get on the plane . ”
The Saints , who won their only Super Bowl and have qualified for five postseasons with Payton as coach , have gone 7-9 in three straight years since their last playoff season in 2013 . At the same time , the offense Payton designed around quarterback Drew Brees has remained among the NFL 's elite ; New Orleans finished this season ranked first in total net yards .
Days after the 2015 season ended , Payton said they do n't envision themselves “ ever coaching for any other clubs . ”
“ I plan on finishing my career here , ” Payton said last Jan. 6 . “ I 'll be here as long as they 'll have me . ”
Within a couple months of those comments , Payton had a contract extension through 2020 paying about $ 9 million per year , more than any other NFL coach .
Firing Payton now could cost in excess of $ 30 million in the absence of a buyout agreement , but coaches also can be traded and sometimes are , particularly if they 've told management they would like to leave . And there are coaching vacancies this offseason , including with the Los Angeles Rams .
Veteran Saints players have expressed confidence that Payton will return to New Orleans , saying they 've seen no indication they want out or that the club wants to rid of him .
“ All this is very speculative , ” Brees said . “ I just do n't expect that to happen . ”
Veteran safety Roman Harper , who was part of Payton 's first draft class in New Orleans , added , “ I expect them to be here and to continue to lead this organization in the right direction like he 's done the previous 11 years . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Alcorn St.-Iowa St . Box
IOWA ST. 78 , ALCORN ST. 58 ALCORN ST. ( 2-8 )
Sterling 4-8 2-3 12 , Reed 2-3 0-0 6 , Brewer 7-10 1-2 15 , Mosby 4-9 1-1 10 , Patterson 1-4 0-0 3 , Smith 0-1 0-0 0 , Carter 1-6 0-0 3 , Wilson 0-1 0-2 0 , Crosby 2-5 0-0 4 , Howard 2-9 0-0 5 . Totals 23-56 4-8 58 .
IOWA ST. ( 7-2 )
Beverly 1-3 0-0 2 , Young 2-3 5-5 9 , Jackson 8-22 2-2 25 , Wigginton 4-10 5-6 16 , Weiler-Babb 1-3 2-2 4 , Lard 7-10 1-1 15 , Brase 2-5 0-1 5 , Lewis 1-8 0-0 2 . Totals 26-64 15-17 78 .
Halftime_Iowa St. 33-32 . 3-Point Goals_Alcorn St. 8-26 ( Reed 2-2 , Sterling 2-6 , Carter 1-2 , Patterson 1-3 , Mosby 1-5 , Howard 1-6 , Crosby 0-2 ) , Iowa St. 11-28 ( Jackson 7-15 , Wigginton 3-5 , Brase 1-1 , Beverly 0-1 , Young 0-1 , Weiler-Babb 0-2 , Lewis 0-3 ) . Fouled Out_Reed . Rebounds_Alcorn St. 22 ( Brewer 6 ) , Iowa St. 46 ( Lard 11 ) . Assists_Alcorn St. 10 ( Mosby 5 ) , Iowa St. 15 ( Weiler-Babb 9 ) . Total Fouls_Alcorn St. 19 , Iowa St. 12 . A_14,112 ( 14,384 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
BLACKSBURG , Va. - New technology out of Virginia Tech will soon be able to tell you right on your phone when to expect flu outbreaks in your area .
Researchers are teaming up with AccuWeather to make the flu forecast part of the weather app .
They 're using the Biocomplexity Institute 's disease forecasting tool called Eppicaster , originally developed to predict the spread of Ebola in western Africa .
The flu forecast will give users information about how the flu is spreading and when areas are expected to get hit the hardest .
`` A user such as you can say , 'You know , I think the flu is going to be really bad in the next two weeks . Maybe I should take some protective action , ' ” Biocomplexity Institute Professor Madhav Marathe said .
“ Recent studies we 've done have shown like about an 80 percent accuracy if we 're giving ourselves just a couple weeks into the future and the general trend line if it 's getting better , it 's getting a little worse or it 's going to stay about the same , '' Biocomplexity Institute Epidemiologist and Associate Professor Bryan Lewis said .
The forecast will be updated weekly using confirmed cases reported to the CDC , social media posts and google searches related to the flu .
They just finished up a six-month trial testing the app .
It should launch near the end of summer , just in time for flu season .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
April 21 Nikkei -
* Honda Motor said it aims to boost its two-wheeler sales in India by 20 % to 6 million units , including exports , in current FY ending March - Nikkei
* Honda will invest roughly 11 billion Yen ( $ 100 million ) to install a fourth production line at its Karnataka factory - Nikkei
* Honda will launch two scooter models and two motorcycle models ; also plans to increase the number of dealerships by 500 - Nikkei Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Welcome to Smart Money Monday .
The holidays are here and 't is the season to talk about gift giving , or rather ways to save money on gift giving .
Keane Santos from Bank of Hawaii has some tips on how to save this holiday season .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
It 's no secret we have n't always seen eye to eye with Donald Trump . But Mr. President , when you promised to drain the swamp in Washington , we were completely on board . Pull the plug !
So how is it Scott Pruitt is still employed ? The head of the Environmental Protection Agency personifies the behavior you vowed to end .
To be clear , we 're not talking about Pruitt 's policy-related work . He 's favoring coal and oil over renewable energy , casting doubt on climate change , trying to get rid of common-sense regulations and attempting to limit the use of science in decision-making . We disagree strongly with all of that , too , but that 's politics .
And it 's not a question of whether Pruitt has the administrative chops to run a big agency . They do . He 's no Dr. Ronny Jackson , the embattled nominee to head the Department of Veterans Affairs . At this point , senators of both parties have expressed enough concerns about Jackson 's qualifications to tame that bureaucracy and their supervision of the White House medical staff that it 's probably best if they withdraw .
The issue is Pruitt 's ethics , Mr. President , and how they violate your promise .
Like all their first-class flights , including the $ 120,000 taxpayer-funded trip to Italy for them and their companions . Then , after being stopped from flying first class , they explored a $ 100,000-a-month charter aircraft membership to give themselves de facto first-class travel all the time . Pruitt cited threats to their safety later dismissed by EPA investigators .
Their security detail is a 24/7 , 20-person crew that 's three times bigger than their predecessor 's . It has accompanied them to sporting events and on family outings . They got bullet-resistant seat covers in their SUV and wanted a bulletproof vehicle . And , of course , the $ 43,000 soundproof booth to keep their office conversations private . Seems as if they think he 's the president .
Pruitt also got a sweetheart deal on a condo rental in Washington from the wife of a lobbyist whose firm deals with the EPA . And an earlier sweetheart mortgage deal back home in Oklahoma from a banker who was later banned for life from banking , but somehow was fit enough to now be a top aide to Pruitt .
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider 's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Mr. President , one of your first orders was that new employees sign a pledge to not work on issues they had lobbied on in the past two years . Pruitt circumvented that by using an obscure law on water safety to make “ crisis ” hires of former lobbyists without an OK from you or the Senate . Is n't that insubordination ? They used the same law to give big raises to two staffers who previously worked for him .
The number of investigations your own administration is doing on Pruitt 's ethics and spending habits hit double digits last week .
Mr. President , we understand that you 're pleased that Pruitt is carrying out your agenda . But you do n't need someone corrupt to do that .
We 've complained about your reality TV approach to governing . But , Mr. President , for your sake , tell Pruitt he 's fired . — The editorial board
Remember how the Lakers fans cried for fairness in the summer of 2003 , when Karl Malone and Gary Payton joined Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant to form the most devastating weather system in NBA or NOAA ( cq ) history ?
Remember how the fathers of those Lakers fans petitioned the NBA to somehow void the trade of Wilt Chamberlain , because clearly the Dipper would mesh with Jerry West and Elgin Baylor to drive every other franchise into the sea ?
Remember how Dwight Howard 's decision to bring their over-the-back game and their coach-firing mentality to Los Angeles would make all the conclusions foregone ? Bryant was still here and Steve Nash had just turned down their home and native land to become a Laker .
Remember all that ?
Me neither .
Yet DeMarcus Cousins will somehow make Golden State unstoppable .
Starved for outrage after LeBron James ' news , the purple-and-gold people fumed as Cousins signed with the Warriors for the low , low one-year price of $ 5.3 million on Monday afternoon .
How can this possibly be allowed in a democracy ? Can we get that ninth Justice confirmed , ASAP ?
The internet craftsmen worked overtime , attaching the face of NBA commissioner Adam Silver to Cousins ' jersey .
Others brought up the NBA 's disallowance of the Lakers-New Orleans trade that would have brought Chris Paul to a different part of the Staples Center corridor and might have brought a championship .
The truth is that the Warriors-Cousins alliance is not scandalous at all .
The Warriors have made four consecutive NBA Finals without Cousins and won three NBA titles and went 73-9 in the year they did not win . How much more unstoppable can they be ?
Plus , anybody else could have signed Cousins for that price , including the Lakers , who were rumored to be interested and who signed Rajon Rondo , a close friend of Cousins ' in Sacramento and New Orleans .
America complains that the Warriors have five All-Star starters . Cousins has been an All-Star four times . In each of the past seven seasons they have averaged at least 25 points and 8.9 rebounds .
But Cousins tore their Achilles tendon on Jan. 26 , trying to rebound their own missed free throws at the end of a two-point victory over Houston . They have insisted they will be back for training camp , but the usual rehab time would keep them out until at least December .
Unless Cousins , 27 , makes the comeback Dominique Wilkins did , it is more accurate to call them a former All-Star . Bryant could n't be Bryant after they snapped their Achilles . Elton Brand averaged 20 points in six of their eight seasons before their injury in 2007 and only averaged 15 points once in any full season thereafter .
Cousins wo n't make a difference until the playoffs , if then . They are a nest egg , only to be cracked open if Steph Curry or Kevin Durant or Klay Thompson get hurt .
They might prove they deserve big bucks next summer when everyone gets drunk on cap room . At that point , they presumably will remember who loved them before the lights came on .
The NBA always has had powerhouses . But most of its best players could n't move independently . These days , the Celtics could n't keep Bill Russell , Sam Jones , John Havlicek , etc. , without paying a massive luxury tax .
Not until the 1992 Olympic Dream Team did everyone realize that great stars need not collide . Sure , it was only two weeks , but those legends played with respect for one another . In 2008 , Boston assembled Kevin Garnett , Ray Allen and Paul Pierce , all exhausted from chasing titles individually . They beat the Lakers in the Finals , and the conglomerates were born .
There 's little question that Durant would have stayed in Oklahoma City if they thought they could win a championship there . Credit the Warriors for somehow keeping their cap in order and creating such a happy workplace that players took fewer dollars to be a part of it … . and for picking Draymond Green in the second round ( 35th overall ) after everyone had passed on him , including themselves .
Laker fans went from rapture to disbelief in one day . They could n't understand why vagabonds such as McGee , Rondo and Lance Stephenson , members of 16 teams the past five years , were now in James ' band .
None of it makes sense until Magic Johnson has a chance to explain . But one can rest assured that James had at least some input into those calls , and the Lakers do n't owe them a dime in 2019-2020 .
Nor should one lose a second of sleep worrying that Cousins and the Warriors have derailed the balance of nature . There never was one .
1:29
AMBER , Blue and Silver Alerts : What you need to know
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
FORMER Canterbury coach Des Hasler has emerged as one of four high profile candidates for the vacant New Zealand Kiwis job .
Hasler , who was sacked by the Bulldogs in unceremonious circumstances following the club 's failed 2017 season , was spotted by NZ media outlet Newshub arriving in Auckland on Tuesday , along with ex-NSW coach Laurie Daley and former Manly mentor Geoff Toovey .
Former South Sydney coach Michael Maguire was reportedly interviewed for the job on Monday .
LIVE stream every 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership game on FOX SPORTS . Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes . SIGN UP NOW >
The role became available earlier this month after David Kidwell announced they would n't seek reappointment after the Kiwis ' hugely disappointing World Cup campaign last year where they were eliminated in the quarterfinals by Fiji .
As a result , a coaching selection panel has been established by the NZRL which is made up of Monty Betham , Frank Endacott , Dean Bell and Waimarama Taumaunu .
With the Kiwis to face England in Denver in June , a decision is expected in the coming weeks .
Toovey recently explained to NRL.com why he 'd decided to apply for the job .
“ New Zealand is a country full of terrific athletes and there are quite a few of them [ that ] are rugby league players , ” Toovey said .
“ So the multitude of talent there alone would be exciting to be a part of that .
“ Whenever you 've got a group of talented people striving to be the best , as a coach you want to be among that .
“ I also think the Kiwis have underachieved as far as their potential goes . ”
Pictures from a chicken farm in Tielt ( West Flanders ) show how chicks are selected the minute they hatch . Chicks that are not deemed to be suitable are thrown away . They are killed by breaking their neck on the edge of a crate , by being drowned in a bucket of water or by being tossed into a refuse container .
Images made elsewhere show how chicks are fattened up . Some of the chicks are so fat that they can not stand on their feet . Everywhere there are dead chickens .
Flemish animal welfare minister Ben Weyts says the practices shown are unacceptable . Mr Weyts has dispatched an inspection team to the farms involved that will report to them today so that they can take action . Closing the farms with immediate effect is n't possible because chicks are hatching each and every hour .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T SW Pts GF GA W L T St . Cloud St. 7 2 1 0 22 41 21 12 2 1 North Dakota 5 3 2 2 19 31 27 10 5 5 Western Michigan 6 4 0 0 18 37 31 10 8 1 Denver 5 3 2 1 18 34 28 9 3 4 Colorado College 3 5 2 1 12 24 32 7 7 2 Miami ( Ohio ) 3 4 1 0 10 20 22 8 8 2 Minnesota-Duluth 3 7 0 0 9 23 31 8 9 2 Omaha 2 6 0 0 6 21 39 7 8 1
___
Friday 's Games
Miami ( Ohio ) 5 , W. Michigan 2
Omaha 7 , Minn.-Duluth 5
North Dakota 2 , St . Cloud St. 2 , UND wins shootout 1-0
Colorado College 4 , Denver 4 , CC wins 3×3 OT
Saturday 's Games
W. Michigan 4 , Miami ( Ohio ) 3 , OT
Denver 1 , Colorado College 1 , Denver wins 3×3 OT
Minn.-Duluth 6 , Omaha 2
St . Cloud St. 3 , North Dakota 1
Friday , Dec. 15
Dartmouth at Denver , 9:05 p.m .
Saturday , Dec. 16
Arizona St. at Colorado College , 8:07 p.m .
Dartmouth at Denver , 9:05 p.m .
Sunday , Dec. 17
Arizona St. at Colorado College , 4:07 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) — Another man accused of assaulting protesters at a Donald Trump campaign rally in Louisville last year has countersued the president , saying they were following Trump 's urging to remove them .
Matthew Heimbach is being sued over their alleged actions at the March 1 , 2016 , rally . In a counter claim filed Monday in federal court , Heimbach says they were relying “ on Trump 's authority to order disruptive persons removed , ” according to WDRB-TV ( bit.ly/2onwCE9 ) .
In their court filing , Heimbach said they “ relied on Trump 's authority to have disruptive persons removed and that Trump was legally within their rights to have other attendees assist in defending their constitutional rights against ‘ protesters . ' ”
Another defendant at the rally , Alvin Bamberger , filed a counter claim on Friday , saying that they acted on Trump 's “ urging and inspiration . ”
Advertisement
Three people who claim they were assaulted at the Trump rally filed a lawsuit last year against Trump , their campaign , Heimbach and Bamberger . They say they were shoved and punched by audience members at Trump 's command . Video widely broadcast during the campaign showed Trump pointing at protesters and repeating the words “ get them out . ”
Trump 's attorneys responded in a court filing Friday that Trump is immune as president from such suits . They also say the protesters waived their right to sue by buying tickets to the event , and they deny that Trump was urging the crowd to take action by repeatedly saying , “ get them out of here . ”
A federal judge declined Trump 's preliminary request to dismiss the lawsuit , ruling on April 1 that there 's ample evidence that could be seen as supporting allegations that the protesters ' injuries were a “ direct and proximate result ” of Trump 's actions . The judge also noted that the Supreme Court has ruled out constitutional protections for speech that incites violence .
There are plenty of indulgences this time of year so keep it healthy and simple ! Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Carissa Bealert joined us in studio with some tips .
The truth is a lot of traditional holiday favorites are based off of natural and wholesome foods .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A quick , easy and popular holiday appetizer is cheese .
`` I love Cabot . They have an award-winning line of cheddar cheeses that are delicious and why I recommend them is the ingredient list . ''
It 's a simple combination of milk , cultures and salt . The cheeses are also naturally lactose-free making them a holiday choice everyone can enjoy . Not to mention it 's a good source of satisfying protein . This helps you feel fuller longer and avoid overeating less nutrient-rich choices at your holiday parties .
A fun fact is that Cabot has roots here in the Northeast .
`` Cabot Creamery is a family-farmer owned cooperative of more than 1,200 farms located throughout New England and New York . One hundred percent of Cabot 's profits go back to their farmers . ''
Moving onto another staple of the holiday table : the bread basket !
`` With Grain Foods , the food you love really does love you back . Offer up a nice variety , put it in a basket , put it on a cutting board , warm it up , let your guest pick . ''
Grains provide important nutrients like B-vitamins , magnesium , iron , folate and fiber . Whole grains also provide anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory nutrients .
`` Grain fuels your brain . Bread and carbohydrates give us the energy to go , go , go ! ''
Bealert said to aim for about 130 grams a day .
Germany 's Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) said on Sunday that Chinese intelligence allegedly contacted some 10,000 German citizens using fake profiles in social media to obtain access to sensitive data . Beijing called on Berlin to refrain from unfounded allegations .
Chinese officials refuted Germany 's espionage allegations on Monday , urging Berlin to have a more responsible approach and avoid undermining ties between the two countries , according to Deutsche Welle .
`` We hope the relevant German organizations , particularly government departments , can speak and act more responsibly , and not do things that are not beneficial to the development of bilateral relations , '' Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said .
Earlier , German intelligence stated that China used social networks to gather personal information about German officials and business circles . In particular , Germany 's Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) accused China 's intelligence services of creating fake LinkedIn profiles and contacting about 10,000 German social media users , including members of the Bundestag , to gain access to sensitive data .
`` Chinese intelligence services are active on networks like LinkedIn and have been trying for some time to extract information and find intelligence sources in this way , '' the BfV said .
According to BfV chief Hans-Georg Maassen , the fake profiles looked like those of policy experts , researchers and HR managers and seemed completely unsuspicious .
`` We are dealing with a broad attempt to infiltrate parliaments , ministries and administrations , '' they were quoted by the Financial Times as saying .
The statements by the German authorities came following a nine-month social media survey that started in January , according to reports .
( ABC News ) — From selling shoelaces to lemonade stands and bake sales , the community of Ipswich , Massachusetts , has been rallying hard to raise $ 1 million by the end of 2017 for sixth-grader Talia Duff .
Talia has Charcot-Marie-Tooth neuropathy type 4J ( CMT4J ) , a rare , genetic disease that weakens the muscles . Talia 's mother , Jocelyn Duff , told ABC News the $ 1 million was needed to take the science that researchers already have and approach the Food and Drug Administration in hopes of a clinical trial .
Duff said missing the 2017 deadline would mean an additional $ 1 million to $ 2 million needed for 2018 .
Rewind to before Thanksgiving , when the math and science classes at Ipswich Middle School , Talia 's school , began brainstorming a project , in which they incorporated math to fill jars with cookie mix .
Kathleen Simms , a sixth-grade math teacher at Ipswich , said the previous year , the students had created 150 jars and sold them for a suggested donation of $ 12 .
This year , they said , the classes decided to make twice the number of jars — 300 — and donate the money to CMT4J research . But when the classes tallied how much they stood to donate with the jars , the teachers felt an urge to do more .
“ We were just sitting around the table , thinking ‘ OK , that 's $ 3,600 . Yes , that would be an amazing donation but we need to go big . We need to go much bigger than this , ' ” Simms said . “ We realized to reach that end-of-the-year goal of $ 1 million — if we were going to be a part of that — we had to do something much bigger than selling cookie jars . ”
So , the teachers and students decided to create a video . Simms said it has been shared many times over social media . So far , close to $ 500,000 has been raised and the donations continue to roll in .
“ Talia is just such an important part of our community , ” Simms said . “ The video really speaks to that town , this grade , to these students with just how connected they are to them … They work with them on a daily basis . They are interacting with her . ”
Amelia Mooradd , a sixth-grade student at Ipswich who has known Talia for three years , helped make the video .
“ The video basically talks about what 's going on with Talia , ” they said . “ I 'm so excited to finally be able to do something really big to help them because before I was just doing lemonade stands and bake sales and trying to find some ways to help her . ”
Duff , Talia 's mother , told ABC News that they felt positive about reaching the $ 1 million goal before Jan. 31 .
“ We have been so overwhelmed by the support and the love of our community , ” they said . “ It was something that we never expected with this journey . … It 's really been our community and family and friends that 's really gotten us to where we are now at almost half a million dollars . ”
WE SHOULD PUBLISH OUR JOYS , AND CONCEAL OUR GRIEFS
After suffered the loss of their best friends last year , Kurt Byrne and Fiona Odewhan got just that at 1:32am on New Year 's Day when their first apple of their eyes Michael Kurt Leslie Byrne was born after nearly 24 hours of hard work , and had won the heading of the first baby born in the Australian Capital Territory in 2017 at Canberra Hospital , and the father said , we required a prodigy , every single thing set in the exact place in the New Year , after we all had such a miserable year . Byrne 's close friend died in a motorbike mishap last year and Ms Odewhan also lost their best friend , so the parents that they 're looking for a hope of a prodigy baby to return the luck back . The first-time parents conjecture their son may have recognized they would reason a stir if they hold on while the early hours of Sunday to come . Kurt Byrne and Fiona Odewhan have merely moved into a new home and said they were longing to a new fresh beginning in 2017 .
Hand , Foot and Mouth Disease Treatment : Market Insights
Hand , foot , and mouth disease commonly abbreviated as HFMD is a contagious disease caused by multiple enterovirus serotypes majorly Coxsackievirus A16 and enterovirus A71 . This virus usually spread through fecal-oral transmission owing to improper hand wash. Enterovirus A71 has been associated with HFMD disease outbreaks that involved thousands of people in Asia region . HFMD is a clinical syndrome being one of the most detectable viral exanthems in children below 5 years of age , which is usually characterized by oral enanthem , Maculopapular , a macular , or vesicular rashes on the hands and feet . This viral disease causes rashes or blisters in the mouth and on the palms of hands and soles of feet . It also causes blisters in the mouth at the back of throat . Usually children under the age of 10 are most likely to be at risk for hand-foot-and-mouth disease . Also , the incubation period for hand-foot-and-mouth disease usually is 3 to 7 days . A person starts developing symptoms of hand-foot-and-mouth disease 3-7 days after being exposed to the virus . Symptoms for hand-foot-and-mouth disease may vary from children to children . Some of the major symptoms include : blisters in mouth usually at the back of throat , small blisters in diaper area , on sole of feet and palm of hands , rashes on arms and legs , high fever , lack of appetite and others . It is mandated to get the children diagnosed if a child below age of 5 shows the above mentioned symptoms .
A physical examination is conducted to diagnose the rashes , which is unique to hand-foot-and-mouth disease . Along with the rash examination , throat culture or stool sample is also extracted for laboratory testing of HFMD . Hand , foot and mouth disease treatment drugs are capable of extreme performance and allow significant recovery , thus contribute majorly to the revenue generation in hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . However , treatment for HFMD majorly depends on how severe the condition is , child 's symptoms , age , and overall health of a person . This illness is usually not treated with antibiotics or other commercial drugs at a large level as the goal of treatment is to reduce symptoms which can be done using home remedies . It is advised to drink cold fluids in order to soothe mouth pain . Drugs such as acetaminophen , paracetamol or ibuprofen are given to reduce fever and discomfort . Mouth rinse or sprays containing pain reliever are used to reduce mouth pain . However , drugs such as aspirin are not recommended for children as it may cause Reye syndrome .
The hand , foot and mouth disease treatment is broadly used to treat sore conditions in mouth , hand or feet of children caused by Coxsackievirus A16 or enterovirus A71 , that experience greater demand , thus generating large revenues in the hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . Hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market on the basis of drug type is classified into acetaminophen , paracetamol and ibuprofen . However , the main distribution channel for hand , foot and mouth disease treatment include hospital pharmacies , retail pharmacies , drug stores , e-commerce and others . On the other hand , Hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market is gaining profit due to rising incidence of chronic diseases in the children below age 10 across the globe . A large number of preventive vaccines to prevent children from HFMD are still under clinical trials . Some of the preventive measures to reduce the risk of getting infected with HFMD causing virus includes washing hands for 20 seconds after changing diaper , practice hygiene and cleanliness , avoid close contact with the infected person , disinfect frequently touched surfaces by infected person , and others . Hand , foot and mouth disease treatment consist of various over-the-counter pain relievers and fever reducer drugs and registers a significant revenue growth in the hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . The growing incidence of children acquiring this viral infection causing HFMD is further anticipated to drive the revenue generation in hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market over the forecast period .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6922
Hand , Foot and Mouth Disease Treatment : Market Dynamics
Growing awareness regarding hand , foot and mouth disease treatment among people , availability of cost effective drugs in the market , and high prevalence of viral infection causing HFMD in children across the globe is expected to be the key factor driving growth of hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . The growing footprint of pharmaceutical manufacturers in the APAC region coupled with growing economic burden for hand , foot and mouth disease in Asia Pacific countries is expected to drive the demand for hand , foot and mouth disease treatment drugs , thereby generating more revenues in hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . Also , developed healthcare infrastructure and rising awareness programs for HFMD and increasing funding for clinical trials on hand , foot and mouth disease treatment drugs are some other factors propelling the growth of hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . Also , ease in FDA approvals for HFMD drugs in clinical trial phase is further expected to drive the growth of hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market . However , risk of acquiring other diseases such as Reye syndrome on consumption of pain relief drugs such as Aspirin is one of the major factor restraining the hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market growth .
Hand , Foot and Mouth Disease Treatment Market : Overview
Based on drug type , Acetaminophen registers the highest demand in the hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market owing to the less side effects registered with usage of this drug as compared to others . Hand , foot and mouth disease treatment found major usage in management of blisters in mouth and rashes on hands and feet . Rising prevalence of viral infections in children below age 10 and growing economic burden caused by HFMD is one of the major factor driving the demand of hand , foot and mouth disease treatment drugs for early management of viral infection in children , thereby fueling the hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market over the globe .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6922
Hand , Foot and Mouth Disease Treatment Market : Region-wise Outlook
On the basis of geography , global hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market is segmented into seven key regions viz . North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia Pacific excluding Japan , Japan , and Middle East & Africa . Asia Pacific is projected to hold the largest shares in the global hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market primarily due to growing prevalence of HFMD in children in APAC region coupled with Asia Pacific being the most vulnerable area for a number of outbreaks of EV71 HFMD . North America followed by Western Europe registers the second largest revenue share in global hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market worldwide followed by Japan .
Hand , Foot and Mouth Disease Treatment Market : Key Players
Some of the key players present in global hand , foot and mouth disease treatment market are Adimmune Corp. , CJ HealthCare Corp. , Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd. , Shanghai Zerun Biotechnology Co Ltd. , Chongqing Zhifei Biological Products Co Ltd. and others .
July Fourth is a celebration of America . People all throughout the country will spend the day with family and friends . Some will eat apple pie and crack open a Budweiser , while others will celebrate with traditions — new and old — that you probably never heard about .
Just like there are a variety of ways to celebrate America , there are a variety of reasons to celebrate . At its simplest , we celebrate America because we are proud — because we are patriotic .
On the 242nd birthday of America , Americans will feel patriotic , for deeply different reasons .
No one person has a monopoly on patriotism . President Trump feels patriotic when NFL players stand during the national anthem , while the American Civil Liberties Union responds that “ dissent is patriotic . ”
To better understand what makes Philadelphians feel patriotic , the Inquirer and Daily News asked people to tell us about a time that they felt patriotic .
Answers have been edited lightly for style and clarity .
Margaret Plotkin , 63 , Philadelphia
“ I 'm on my way to a political rally right now , because right now I do n't feel patriotic at all these days . I 'm so intensely ashamed of what my government is doing in my name . The only thing that keeps me going knows that because this is America , we can protest and maybe we can have effect . Fifty years ago I was marching in the street as a teenager and here I am back again , protesting the same old s– . I 've got my 45-year-old ‘ Impeachment With Honor ' button that I took out of my dresser drawer , like , ‘ Yeah , got ta bring that back ! ' And yet , maybe we can do something about it . And maybe that would be the strength of America . That would make me feel patriotic . ”
Bigga Dre , 26 , Chester
“ The last time I felt patriotic was Friday , June 22 , and Saturday , 23 . On that Friday , we honored our ancestors at the President 's House and on Saturday , we had the Juneteenth Parade and Music Festival . Juneteenth is the actual independence day for African Americans , or those of African descent here in this country . A lot of our people do n't know about Juneteenth and think that July Fourth is the only Independence Day . But for African Americans , we got our freedom on June 19 , 1865 . In this country , we were given July Fourth as Independence Day . But in 1776 , there were still African people enslaved in this country . Juneteenth gives us a sense of awareness . It gives our children a sense dignity and pride . ”
Kirsten Milner , 21 , Philadelphia
“ I do n't think I am patriotic . I 'm new here , to this state , and everybody 's different . It 's hard to feel patriotic when no one is respectful , even to the next person walking down the street . Nobody has time . Nobody wants to talk to you . They 're selfish . I think it 's hard to feel patriotic . ”
Joe Becton , 65 , Philadelphia
“ I think that my patriotism stems from my family . I am an African American . I have a relative who fought in the American Revolution , Isaac Carter . I have a relative who fought in the Civil War , Moses Becton . World War I , my grandfather Julius Becton . World War II , my father and my uncle , Julius and Joe Becton . My relatives have served in Desert Storm and places like that . Myself , I was in the Marines during the Vietnam War . So for me , there is more of a service and commitment in my family more than a history that has made me patriotic . So because of their actions , I served in the Marines . I did n't have gone to Vietnam , but I was willing to do whatever I had to do based on my service , based on my personal patriotism . ”
Luis Ferreiro , 48 , Philadelphia
“ All the time . I feel patriotic all the time . You 're in the United States , that means opportunities . That 's how it should be . ”
Steve Bishop , 36 , Philadelphia
“ Probably on 9/11 . I think sometimes it takes a disaster for the country to put aside their differences and come together , to work together instead of bickering between races , religions , sexual preferences , whatever it may be . I was stunned at first , because I saw the second plane when I was [ with ] my grandfather who served in the military . They did n't believe that we could be hit like that in our own country . And you know , that made me think that maybe those differences that we do have are n't so important and that we need to work together to make this country a better place . Not just for us , but for future generations . ”
Alvina Aberdeen , Upper Darby
“ I felt patriotic when I migrated here from Sierra Leone in 1991 . I 've been in America for 27 years now and I love it . I have two children . My son is in the U.S. Army and my daughter runs track and field . They want to be in the Olympics . I 'm a proud American citizen . There is a lot of opportunity here . You come and you be who you want to be , you excel , you learn , you become a doctor or whatever you 'd like to be . You have freedom of speech , you respect the law , and you 'll be fine . ”
Jessica Lowden , 38 , Fishtown
“ I think the last time that I felt patriotic was when I traveled overseas [ to East Africa ] . It 's a hard environment right now to figure out your emotions about the country , whether you 're proud or patriotic . But I think regardless of what is going on politically — and I might not be the most proud of our politics — I still feel good about our country in general . Particularly when I hear other people talk about America and how they 'd like to come here . ”
Mark Callahan , 56 , West Philly
“ The last time that I felt patriotic about the United States was when I was in the Army . A lot of things have changed . The president we have right now , I 'm not really comfortable with some of the decisions that he 's making . It makes it hard to be patriotic when everything that the United States is supposed to stand for , it seems like they go against . ”
Matt Higgins , 60 , Orland
“ I think the most patriotic moment that I 've had recently been when I gave a talk at a naturalization ceremony . That was terrific because all of the folks who came to the ceremony were so excited . All the stories you hear of people coming to America to make a better life — it 's true . Everything that they want to have happened can happen when they come here . It 's just a great thing to see all the excitement and hope and desire in their eyes when they come in and stand up to give that oath of citizenship . With all of the anti-immigration rhetoric that comes from the administration , the folks who are in the administration ought to get out of Washington and come to see one of these naturalization ceremonies . That 's what it is all about . That 's what America is all about . And in my speech , I was able to get the crowd saying ‘ USA , USA , USA ! ' at the end . ”
LAHORE : Drizzle and rainfall in the early morning of Tuesday have turned the weather pleasant in Lahore and other cities of Punjab .
According to Pakistan Meteorological Department ( PMD ) , the rain also occurred in different cities including Kasur , Jhang , Faisalabad , Mian Chunnu , Jhang , and Toba Tek Singh .
Meanwhile , other parts of the country including Kurram Agency and Quetta have also their share of rain .
The light rain and cool breeze in the early morning was a pleasant change from hot weather while Ziarat and surrounding areas in Balochistan received the snowfall and prolonged the winter .
A West wave is affecting the central and western parts of the country and expected to persist in upper parts of the country until Wednesday .
Met office has also predicted rain-thunderstorm with the dusty windstorm in scattered parts of north-east Balochistan , southern Punjab and isolated places in Islamabad , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KP ) , FATA and Kashmir .
Related Coverage Opelika man shot and killed early Saturday morning
OPELIKA , Ala. — Two teens have been arrested in connection to a weekend murder in Opelika of 19-year-old Ladarius Cardwell .
Both 16-year-old Tykeith D. Webb of Auburn 16-year-old Kevon Smith of Opelika will be charged with murder .
As News 3 reported , Opelika police received a call reporting a gunshot victim in the 100 block of Easy street around 1:20 a.m. on Saturday , August 12 . When officers and EMS arrived on the scene , they discovered 19-year-old Ladarius Marquise Cardwell , of Opelika , with no signs of life with what appeared to be a gunshot injury .
Cardwell was pronounced dead at the scene by Lee County Coroner Bill Harris . The death is being investigated as a homicide by the Opelika Police Department . Cardwell was transported to the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences medical examiner 's office in Montgomery for a postmortem examination .
This makes the 17th homicide investigated by the Lee County Coroner 's office for 2017 .
Yahoo Finance 's Seana Smith , Andy Serwer , Dan Roberts and David Pogue discuss the features of long awaited Messages in iCloud .
Honor has launched its Honor 7C and Honor 7A in India last week , both the budget smartphone were made exclusively to Amazon and Flipkart exclusively . The Honor 7A went on sale on Flipkart on May 29and the Honor 7C is all set to kick-start the sale for the first time on Amazon on May 31 at 12 pm IST . The smartphone will be available on Amazon in two variants , and the e-commerce site has listed the launch offers for the smartphone .
Honor 7C price in India , launch offers
The Honor 7C will be available with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage variant which is priced at Rs . 9,999 , while the Honor 7C with 4GB RAM and 64GB inbuilt storage variant comes with a price tag of Rs . 11,999 . The smartphone will be made available in three colour variants - Black , Gold , and Blue . The Amazon launch offers include no cost EMI options for 9 months . Buyers can also avail the cashback of Rs . 2,200 and 100GB additional 4G data for Reliance Jio subscribers . The smartphone will be bundled with a charger , standard Micro-USB cable in a box . It will come with standard 12 months service warranty .
Honor 7C specification
The smartphone comes equipped with a 5.99-inch FullView display featuring an 18:9 aspect ratio . The phone is packed with 'uninterrupted gaming mode ' to have an ultimate gaming experience with any distraction . The powerful Adreno 506 GPU and SmartPower 5.0 technology enables users to enjoy seamless and long-lasting gaming and streaming experience .
The Honor 7C comes with its flat-mounted 13MP + 2MP dual-lens rear camera . The two lenses work in sync to deliver perfect picture quality . The camera is also equipped with ( aperture range/recording specs ) . The 8MP front camera is equipped with F/2.0 wide aperture with intelligent adjustable selfie toning light to take selfies whether day or nights .
The Honor 7C is powered by a 14nm octa-core processor that is clocked at 1.8GHz , with Adreno 506 GPU on top . As stated , the Honor 7C offers 3GB/4GB RAM of RAM and 32GB/64GB of internal storage depending on the variant . The smartphone is backed by a 3000mAh battery .
On Tuesday , Jeff Bridges stops by Sway in the Morning with Sway Calloway on Eminem 's Shade 45 at N.Y.C . 's SiriusXM Studios , where they promoted their upcoming film , The Only Living Boy in New York .
HIGHLIGHTS Two of four young men slain attended Bellport High School , relatives said
Local resident : ‘ This hits home and it 's sad '
The South Country school district is taking extra security precautions when classes resume Monday and is activating a crisis team to help students at Bellport High School , school officials said .
The moves come after last week 's suspected gang-related killings of four young men whose bodies were found in a Central Islip park . Two of those slain — Justin Llivicura , 16 , of East Patchogue , and Jorge Tigre , 18 , of Bellport — had attended Bellport High , according to relatives .
“ We are deeply saddened by the news and our thoughts and prayers go out to the families , ” South Country Superintendent Joseph Giani said Friday .
The district has “ planned for student and staff support services for Monday and throughout the week , ” they said , adding that those services also will be available in schools that the victims ' siblings attend . It was unclear which other schools are included .
Counselors , psychologists and social workers are included on the school-based crisis team . Bellport High had an enrollment of about 1,300 students in grades nine through 12 in 2015-16 , the most recent state figures available .
“ I am both proud and confident that our students , staff and school community will demonstrate compassion and the unconditional support needed as a result of this senseless tragedy , ” the superintendent said .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Classes in many of Long Island 's 124 systems resumed Monday after public schools were closed last week for spring break .
Several families and residents in Bellport said Friday they were caught off-guard by the news that two of the victims had gone to the high school .
The Mann family , who live on South Village Drive , where Tigre lived , said they had a conversation Friday morning with their daughter , Amber , 16 , an 11th-grader . They shared lunch period with Tigre .
“ It 's so sad , ” said Debra Mann , 59 , the teenager 's mother . “ I ca n't believe it 's been happening in Brentwood and now it came over here , to our own backyard . ”
Amber Mann said the presence of MS-13 gang members seems to have grown since they have been in the high school and they are n't aware of any gang prevention programs offered there .
Peter Mann , 69 , said they have taken precautions to keep their family safe , such as putting an alarm system in their home . They called the location “ a quiet block ” and said the family has n't had any issues since they began living there several years ago .
“ We keep close tabs on them We trust her , ” Peter Mann said of their daughter . “ But we 've been talking about it since this morning and we 'll keep talking to them These gangs used to be far away from us , but now it 's just right down the street . This hits home and it 's sad . ”
Last year , officials in the Brentwood school district adopted security and crisis protocols after four Brentwood High School students were among those killed in slayings that law enforcement officials said were committed by gang members .
School officials there increased their vigilance for suspicious activity . In addition to using metal detectors for random checks of classes , they approached students who were seen wearing bandannas , especially in colors associated with gangs , or flashing hand signs to identify their affiliation .
Those students were told to change their clothing or correct their behavior or were sent home . Counselors also were brought into the district to help students who may have known the victims .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The real estate firm owned by the family of Jared Kushner has withdrawn a request for a big tax break for one its buildings in Jersey City , New Jersey , the latest setback for the company in the area .
The Kushner Cos. sent a letter withdrawing its application for a 30-year break from city taxes for a planned two-tower project in the struggling Journal Square section of the city , Jersey City spokesperson Jennifer Morrill said Wednesday . Opponents of the tax breaks marched downtown earlier this year and the city 's mayor recently came out against the Kushner request .
Jared Kushner was CEO of the family company before stepping down to become a senior adviser to their father-in-law , President Donald Trump .
Kushner Cos. spokesperson James Yolles said the company is committed to the “ much-needed investment ” in that area of the city .
Advertisement
The loss of the tax break is the latest blow for the company in a city where it is major real estate developer .
The 79-story building — One Journal Square — gained attention last month after Jared Kushner 's sister , Nicole Kushner Meyer , mentioned their brother in a presentation in Beijing where they had hoped to attract Chinese investors in the building . Marketing material noted the “ celebrity status ” of their family .
Government ethics experts blasted the family for what they said was an attempt to profit off Jared Kushner 's position in Washington , and the Kushner Cos. canceled upcoming investor presentations in the country .
The company said Meyer was n't trying to use their White House ties to attract investors .
The Kushner family is seeking 300 wealthy Chinese to invest a total of $ 150 million in One Journal Square . The family was trying to raise money through the EB-5 visa program that grants temporary U.S. residency to wealthy foreigners in exchange for investments of at least $ 500,000 in certain U.S. projects
The company also is in danger of losing another tax break for the building . The shared office space firm WeWork recently pulled out as anchor tenant . That has put in doubt a state break tied to WeWork .
Another project is off , too . The Kushner Cos. once considered bidding to develop a 95-acre industrial site along the Hackensack River in the city for housing , called Bayfront . Last month , it was revealed the family had withdrawn from those plans last year .
The Kusnher Cos. has said politics had nothing to do with its decision to withdraw from Bayfront , and that “ economics of the deal ” drove the move .
As for One Journal Square , company spokesperson Yolles said the project will provide 4,000 construction jobs and $ 180 million in tax revenue for the city over 30 years .
Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop , a Democrat , is running for re-election this fall , and tax breaks to developers have become a major issue .
Unlike neighboring Hoboken , Jersey City has granted dozens of tax breaks in recent years . Fulop had campaigned to reform the practice , but critics say they have done little .
Another Kushner property in the city overlooking the Hudson River got a five-year tax break soon after Fulop was elected mayor . That 50-story building has licensed the Trump name and is called Trump Bay Street . The building was also partly financed with EB-5 visa money from abroad .
The Kushner family owns or manages 20,000 apartments , 13 million square feet of office space and industrial properties in several states , including New York , New Jersey , Maryland and Illinois .
WASHINGTON D.C. ( AP ) — Scientists have witnessed the first modern case of what they call “ river piracy ” and they blame global warming .
Most of the water gushing from a glacier in northwest Canada last year suddenly switched from one river to another .
That changed the Slims River from a deep , raging river to something so shallow that it barely was above a scientist 's high top sneakers at midstream . It also means the water from the glacier ends up in the Pacific Ocean instead of the Arctic 's Bering Sea .
Study chief author Dan Shugar of the University of Washington Tacoma says it seems to happen in about one day last May . A canyon formed at the end of the glacier , rerouting the water to another river .
The study is published in Monday 's journal Nature Geoscience .
Roy police are looking for an 89-year-old man who has dementia after they had n't been seen since Wednesday morning .
Ivan Ward Courtney was last seen leaving their house and getting into their silver 1992 Toyota pickup truck , according to Roy police .
The truck has military and police stickers in the windows , police said .
Courtney is 5 ' 8 '' with gray hair and blue eyes , according to police , and was last seen wearing a maroon plaid button-up shirt and jeans .
Anyone who locates Ivan or their vehicle can contact dispatch at 801-629-8221 .
tfrandsen @ sltrib.com
Twitter : @ tiffany_mf
The broad savannahs and dry jungles of Bolivia 's Eastern Lowlands have been transformed into vast farmlands — thanks to the hard work of generations of Mennonites .
Selling milk and cheese are among the most important sources of income for Mennonites in Bolivia . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
Mennonites are a reclusive and insular sect of Christians who do n't participate in politics or much of contemporary society , eschewing modern conveniences like electricity and cars . Their origins stretch back to 16th century Germany and the Netherlands , but Mennonite communities can be found wherever agricultural-rich lands and promises of religious freedom abound — from Canada to South America .
In 2010 and 2011 , photographer Jordi Ruiz Cirera traveled to Bolivia to see if this tight-knit community would let an outsider in .
`` Photography is forbidden for them , '' Cicera said in an interview . `` So taking pictures was a bit of a slow process . '' Cicera would gradually integrate themselves with the families they stayed with by keeping their camera tucked away for the first couple of days of their stay . Then he 'd begin photographing the children and move on to the adults as their trust in them grew .
On Sundays , adults gather at church while kids remain at home . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
The Bolivian Mennonites , known as Los Menonos , migrated to the region about 50 years ago . Today , the once-desolate area is populated by about 70,000 people spread across 75 colonies . Los Menonos are united as outsiders in Bolivia , dedicated to their unique way of life , and largely keeping to themselves . They speak German , have their own schools and shops , and make a lot of their own clothing — traditional garments suited to their agricultural lifestyle — modest dresses , bonnets , wide-brimmed hats , and overalls .
Cirera offers a respectful peek at the quotidian aspects of this simple way of life . `` It was a new experience for me to witness how some people choose to live completely off the grid , and how little they need technology , money , '' Cirera said .
Step back in time — and into the Los Menonos community :
A burial for a young woman and their baby who died in a car crash . Mennonites in this community do n't drive , but they are allowed to ride as passengers . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
Cooperative shop at Swift Current Colony . The shop sells everything from tinned food to fabric . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
As driving cars is forbidden for Mennonites , a horse and buggy is the usual transport . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
Dinner at Dyck 's house . With no birth control , Mennonite families are big , with an average of 10 kids per family , and sometimes as many as 19 children from the same woman . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
Farm toys at the Belice Colony . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
Although using electricity at home is forbidden , some exceptions for work are made , with fuel engines producing the necessary electricity to run different machines at the workshop . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
A woman drawing patterns to sew family outfits at the Milagrosa Colony . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
With their own education system , Mennonites attend school six months a year , from the age of 6 to 12 . | ( Jordi Ruiz Cirera )
* * To see more from this story and others by Jordi Ruiz Cirera , check out their website and Instagram . Cirera 's book on the project , Los Menonos , is also available . * *
PHILADELPHIA - ( AP ) -- The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of their own players and fellow executives and defend themselves against criticism from fans and the sports media .
The allegations , reported Tuesday by the sports website The Ringer , raised questions about Colangelo 's future and that of the NBA team itself , a rising franchise heading into perhaps its most important summer ever as it tries to attract free agents to contend for championships .
The five Twitter accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz , former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie , Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel , according to The Ringer .
Among other things , the user or users of the accounts complained that Embiid , the 24-year-old All-Star center , was `` playing like a toddler having tantrums '' and was `` a bit lazy , '' `` selfish '' and `` acting like a tool . ''
The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described them more than once as a `` class act . '' The tweets also raised the question of whether Colangelo used the anonymous accounts to divulge team strategy and details about players ' medical conditions .
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said they are n't familiar with the four others .
`` The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter , '' the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement . `` We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded . ''
Embiid , Philly 's franchise star , made a few wisecracks about the furor for their 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
`` All jokes asides I do n't believe the story , '' they tweeted . `` That would be just insane . ''
The Ringer said it had been monitoring the accounts since February , when it received an anonymous tip . It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them .
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts , and the same day the three others were suddenly made private .
For the Sixers , the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are , in fact , Colangelo 's .
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo , a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over .
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts , the organization 's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James , Paul George or other All-Stars .
Colangelo , the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo , was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned . Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process -- the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers .
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager . They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season , and Ujiri took over basketball operations .
According to The Ringer , one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers ' turnaround .
`` BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie 's mess , '' the account user wrote in January 2017 , referring to Colangelo . Another post lamented that Ujiri had n't done anything to make the Raptors better .
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers . One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz 's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their `` so-called mentor/father figure . ''
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017 . The Twitter accounts defended the trade , describing Noel as a `` selfish punk '' who was `` behaving like a vulture '' and was `` bad for locker room . ''
`` Bc is class act not a bad guy , '' the Twitter user added .
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
COLUMBUS , Ga. — Bittersweet moments for a Columbus woman who went to St. Francis Hospital for a common neck surgery and later turned into a disabled woman .
Sandra Williams filed a lawsuit against St. Francis Hospital for the end result of their neck surgery . After a two week trial , a jury decided , St. Francis and its surgeons were 100 percent at fault . St. Francis is now responsible for paying Williams $ 26 million dollars in this medical malpractice case .
“ Sandy is now blind , she 's restricted to wheelchair , she 's got very little function in their legs , they have a hard time grasping with their hands , ” says Attorney Lloyd Bell , Law Offices of Andrew C. Dodgen .
Attorneys with the Law Offices of Andrew C. Dodgen represented 57-year-old Sandra Williams , a god-fearing woman of Columbus . Attorney Lloyd Bell says Williams needed a common neck surgery after running a 5k back in October of 2012 .
“ Went to get a neck fusion surgery which went well .. but the following day they could n't swallow , ” says Bell .
The day after their surgery they went to complain about trouble swallowing . Following that surgery what looks looks a pretty large bubble sitting on their windpipe . Attorneys for Williams say this is what caused their client to have trouble swallowing . They say St. Francis Doctor Erik Westerlund decided to not make a move on Williams , because they had not complained about any breathing problems . So they went home , but the swallowing issue never went away and even more problems surfaced .
“ Came back to the emergency room in the early morning of October 20th and their neck was swollen , they could n't swallow , they had pain , they had gurgling noise when they tried to swallow…she could n't swallow their own saliva , ” says Bell .
They waited for some six hours to be seen by Dr. Westerlund , this on the third day after their surgery . But it 's important to note , hospital policy requires doctors to see a patient within two hours . During the trial , the plaintiffs used a doctor with more than 20 years of surgical experience . They explain what Westerlund should 've done in Williams ' case .
“ Intervene soon not wait til the breathing gets in trouble… there 's almost a 100 percent chance that the patient will go home and be fine , ” says Doctor Lawrence Schlachter .
The plaintiff 's attorney 's tell News 3 , Williams now needs around the clock care as they are no longer independent . They say all the years of singing at their church and enjoying a run all came to an end because of this incident . It 's safe to say Williams has n't had it easy also losing their husband through all of this . But through it all we 're told Williams continues to smile and hold their head high .
According to our media partner the Ledger-Enquirer , St. Francis will not appeal the jury 's decision , forcing the hospital to pay Williams $ 26 million dollars .
Chloë Grace Moretz is finally opening up about their most recent break from on-again boyfriend , Brooklyn Beckham .
Beckham,18 , and Moretz , who have been involved on-and-off since 2014 , split up for the second time in September 2016 , and it was n't easy for the actor to move on . “ I went through a hard year and I 'm not going to hide that , ” Moretz , 20 , recently told Australian lifestyle magazine Stellar . “ I had to deal with this new level of fame while I was growing up , I was getting out of a relationship and all of it was very public . I wanted to hide . ”
The Neighbors 2 star admits they became a `` hermit for a bit , '' and relied heavily on family during the time apart from their British beau .
“ They were like , 'That 's all great that you want to go away—but you ca n't . You are your own person . You 're going to have to deal with this sort of thing . ' ” Moretz recalled . `` I felt like things were falling apart , like my head and heart were n't in the same place . Things started to change when I realized I have the power within to change them . ”
🇬🇧+🇺🇸=❤️ A post shared by bb ( @ brooklynbeckham ) on Nov 7 , 2017 at 9:54am PST
After nearly a year apart , the coordinating couple reunited for a third time in August 2017 . Hopefully the third time 's the charm for these too-cute lovebirds !
PITTSBURGH — There 's a picture next to Antonio Brown 's locker featuring the Pittsburgh Steelers star wide receiver and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger sharing a laugh . The photo includes a note from Roethlisberger saying `` AB , we are unstoppable . ''
Turns out , there might be one thing that slows down one of the most prolific duos in the NFL : the increasingly viral dustups provided by Brown 's antics .
The latest came last Sunday , when Brown took their frustrations out on a water cooler after Roethlisberger failed to see Brown running wide open early in a 26-9 victory over Baltimore . Roethlisberger later likened Brown 's outburst to a `` temper tantrum , '' one that forced Brown 's teammates to spend a considerable portion of the week not talking about Pittsburgh 's 3-1 start but Brown 's occasionally diva-like behaviour .
Brown knows it needs to stop . Soon .
`` It can take away the morale of the group , '' Brown said Friday . `` It can take away the morale of myself . Obviously I do n't want ( Ben ) thinking I 'm spazzing out because they do a great job of me getting me the ball and giving me the best chances to make plays . Just got to control my emotions ... and understand I 've got an effect on every guy here . ''
Roethlisberger initially laughed off Brown 's mini-meltdown but then went public during their weekly radio shows , chastising the 28-year-old Brown for setting a poor example for the rest of the roster .
`` I never want to make the quarterback feel like I 'm being a distraction or I 've got any negativity toward him , '' said Brown , who is currently second in the NFL in both receptions and yards receiving heading into Sunday 's game against Jacksonville . `` He 's the guy who gave me the opportunity . He 's the guy who 's been in my corner since I got here . ''
Brown 's emergence as one of the most prolific receivers of their generation — he 's the only player in league history with four consecutive seasons with at least 100 receptions and signed an extension in March that made them the highest-paid wideout in the league — has moved in lock step with their profile , one that has put them under a microscope . They drew a strong rebuke from head coach Mike Tomlin in January for livestreaming from the locker room following a playoff win in Kansas City . They repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction with the six-year deal they signed in 2012 well before it expired even though the Steelers have a long-standing policy of not entering into negotiations until the penultimate season of a player 's current contract .
`` Obviously , I know the position I 'm in , '' Brown said . `` I 've got to take responsibility and be a representative not only for the Steelers , but myself , my family . I 've got to be smart . ''
Roethlisberger hinted Brown 's behaviour had an effect on Brown 's production over the course of the game . Brown was held to season lows in both receptions ( four ) and yards ( 34 ) even as Pittsburgh posted its most lopsided victory in Baltimore since the Ravens relocated from Cleveland more than two decades ago . Brown thinks Roethlisberger may have a point .
Nelson Piquet Jr has said that driving for Panasonic Jaguar racing this week was like the ‘ first day at school ' .
The Brazilian switched to the British team from NIO , the team they won the championship with in season one .
And although there were challenges adapting to their new squad , the Brazilian was happy with how their three days of testing went in Valencia .
Piquet said , “ It 's been a really great couple of days . The first day for me was like my first day at school – some new faces , a new team – but it 's been a really positive week .
“ Our track times have been where we want them to be , and we have gained a lot of invaluable information ahead of the first race . The Jaguar team has a great energy and I 'm looking forward to Hong Kong . ”
Team-mate Mitch Evans also enjoyed a solid test , out-pacing Piquet on each day and showing signs that Jaguar might have moved into the midfield with their new I-TYPE 2 cars .
Although not sure of where the team are in the pecking order , Evans said that Jaguar has made clear progress in terms of efficiency and weight .
“ As always there have been a lot of learnings , but we wo n't know until we get to Hong Kong how we will compare against the other teams , ” said Evans .
“ We are positive about the improvements we have made – the efficiency and weight of the car are much improved – that will help us be more competitive next season . ”
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice , The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening .
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey . Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “ because of the Russia investigation . ”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation .
The Post and The New York Times both reported that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who were n't involved in Trump 's campaign : Dan Coats , the director of national intelligence ; Michael Rogers , the head of the National Security Agency ; and Richard Ledgett , the former NSA deputy director .
Mark Corallo , a spokesperson for Trump 's personal lawyer , responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying : “ The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous , inexcusable and illegal . ”
The Post report cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators . It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information .
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations do n't conflict .
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “ look forward to future engagements ” with Robert Mueller .
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr , R-N.C. , and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia , the panel 's top Democrat , did n't provide any other details regarding the meeting . An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations , including ways that the parallel inquiries do n't interfere with one another . The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private .
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller 's independence , and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who appointed Mueller last month , testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller .
Also Wednesday , Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “ any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations . ”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the panel 's top Democrat . Grassley 's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey 's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired .
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey 's testimony that Loretta Lynch , as President Barack Obama 's attorney general , had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton 's email practices as merely a “ matter ” and to avoid calling it an investigation .
“ You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts , circumstances , and rationale for Mr. Comey 's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative , bipartisan basis , ” according to the letter .
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate , but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate . Grassley said Comey 's dismissal and Comey 's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together , noting that Comey “ took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration 's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey 's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation . ”
DETROIT ( AP ) - Detroit Tigers pitching prospect Franklin Perez is expected to miss at least three months with a right lat strain .
The Tigers say Perez was injured in a minor league game Sunday . There is no surgery recommended at this point , but the recovery is expected to take a minimum of 12 weeks .
Perez , a 20-year-old right-hander , was acquired by Detroit in the trade that sent Justin Verlander to Houston last season . Perez went 6-3 with a 3.02 ERA across two levels of the minors last year . They made 10 starts at Class A and six at Double-A . Baseball America tabbed Perez as Detroit 's top prospect this offseason .
The rebuilding Tigers are n't expected to contend this year , but Perez figured to be a prospect to watch , no matter where in Detroit 's system they ended up pitching .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The Houston Rockets beat the Oklahoma City Thunder , 118-87 , in Game 1 of the Western Conference quarterfinals Sunday at Chesapeake Energy Arena .
( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) ( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) James Harden # 13 of the Houston Rockets drives to the basket on Andre Roberson # 21 of the Oklahoma City Thunder during Game 1 of the first round of the Western Conference 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center on April 16 , 2017 in Houston .
( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) ( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) Russell Westbrook # 0 of the Oklahoma City Thunder shoots over Patrick Beverley # 2 of the Houston Rockets and Clint Capela # 15 during the first quarter during Game 1 of the first round of the Western Conference 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center on April 16 , 2017 in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' Trevor Ariza ( 1 ) battles Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook , left , and Jerami Grant ( 9 ) for a loose ball during the second half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) ( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) James Harden # 13 of the Houston Rockets drives past Enes Kanter # 11 of the Oklahoma City Thunder for a layup during the first quarter during Game 1 of the first round of the Western Conference 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center on April 16 , 2017 in Houston .
( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) ( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) Jerami Grant # 9 of the Oklahoma City Thunder is fouled by Clint Capela # 15 of the Houston Rockets as they attempt to dunk during the second quarter during Game 1 of the first round of the Western Conference 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center on April 16 , 2017 in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' James Harden ( 13 ) reacts after a Oklahoma City Thunder turnover as the Thunder 's Russell Westbrook ( 0 ) walks down the court during the second half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) ( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) Russell Westbrook # 0 of the Oklahoma City Thunder drives to the basket over Clint Capela # 15 of the Houston Rockets during the first quarter during Game 1 of the first round of the Western Conference 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center on April 16 , 2017 in Houston .
( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) ( Credit : Getty Images / Bob Levey ) Patrick Beverley # 2 of the Houston Rockets dunks during the first quarter against the Oklahoma City Thunder during Game 1 of the first round of the Western Conference 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center on April 16 , 2017 in Houston .
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' James Harden ( 13 ) shoots as Oklahoma City Thunder 's Taj Gibson ( 22 ) defends during the second half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' Trevor Ariza ( 1 ) goes up for a shot as Oklahoma City Thunder 's Steven Adams ( 12 ) defends during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Enes Kanter ( 11 ) reaches for a rebound between Houston Rockets ' Clint Capela ( 15 ) and Ryan Anderson ( 3 ) during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' Nene ( 42 ) goes up for a shot as Oklahoma City Thunder 's Andre Roberson defends during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' James Harden ( 13 ) goes up for a shot as Oklahoma City Thunder 's Enes Kanter defends during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' James Harden ( 13 ) goes up for a shot as Oklahoma City Thunder 's Taj Gibson ( 22 ) defends during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Jerami Grant , left , goes up for a shot as Houston Rockets ' Clint Capela defends during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook ( 0 ) drives toward the basket as Houston Rockets ' Patrick Beverley defends during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Semaj Christon ( 6 ) is fouled by Houston Rockets ' Patrick Beverley , right , during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook is fouled by Houston Rockets ' Trevor Ariza during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook shoots against Houston Rockets ' Lou Williams during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook watches during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series against the Houston Rockets , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook goes to the basket against Houston Rockets ' Ryan Anderson during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook shoots against Houston Rockets ' Trevor Ariza during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' Nene Hilario puts up a shot against Oklahoma City Thunder 's Alex Abrines during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' Ryan Anderson passes while being defended by Oklahoma City Thunder 's Taj Gibson during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Steven Adams shoots against Houston Rockets ' Lou Williams ( 12 ) and James Harden ( 13 ) during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Russell Westbrook is fouled by Houston Rockets ' Ryan Anderson during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets ' James Harden sits on the bench during warm-ups before Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series against the Oklahoma City Thunder , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Oklahoma City Thunder 's Steven Adams dunks against Houston Rockets ' Clint Capela during the first half of Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Texans J.J. Watt , right , talks with Houston Rockets ' Sam Dekker before Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series between the Houston Rockets and the Oklahoma City Thunder , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Texans J.J. Watt watches before Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series between the Houston Rockets and the Oklahoma City Thunder , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) ( Credit : AP / David J. Phillip ) Houston Rockets fans take photos before Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series between the Houston Rockets and the Oklahoma City Thunder , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Houston .
A FINANCIAL planning firm impersonated a Fair Work Commissioner in six phone calls to their superannuation funds and later described them as `` aggressive '' and `` nitpicking '' after they lodged a formal complaint over dodgy advice that , if implemented , would have cost them more than half a million dollars .
The Banking Royal Commission on Tuesday heard from Fair Work Commissioner Donna McKenna , who approached financial planner Sam Henderson from Henderson Maxwell in 2016 for advice ahead of the government 's 1 July 2017 superannuation changes .
Despite repeatedly saying they were not interested in setting up a self-managed superannuation fund ( SMSF ) , Ms McKenna said the statement of advice they received recommended they roll their superannuation into an SMSF , sell their shares and investments and invest all of their money with Henderson Maxwell 's managed fund product .
`` I thought [ the recommendations ] were risible , '' they told the Commission . `` I remember saying to my son , ' I ca n't believe this , I 've been to see the Financial Planner of the Year and this is what you get . '
`` I thought if I went to an independently owned financial planning firm that I would n't be subjected to the product flogging of the type associated with the big banks , and yet all I 'm being flogged is Henderson Maxwell 's own products and services . I all but threw the advice in the bin at that stage . ''
The most egregious error in the advice was the recommendation that they roll over their State Authorities Superannuation Scheme ( SASS ) . Had they done so before the retirement age of 58 , they would have immediately forfeited $ 500,000 .
Mr Henderson told the Commission the error arose because they mistakenly believed Ms McKenna was on a defined benefit scheme , as opposed to a deferred benefit scheme - despite their employee phoning the super fund while pretending to be Ms McKenna and being given the correct information .
Audio recordings provided to Ms McKenna by their two funds - SASS and the Public Sector Superannuation Accumulation Plan ( PSSap ) - after they lodged a formal complaint with the Financial Planning Association , were played to the Commission .
In one call , the Henderson Maxwell employee can be heard speaking to a SASS representative identifying themselves as `` Donna McKenna '' .
`` Hi , I was wondering if I could get some information , please , on my member number , I 've been given some questions to ask and I know I hold a defined benefit , '' they say .
Financial planner Sam Henderson .
After providing Ms McKenna 's personal details , they go on to ask what their lump sum payout would be if they accessed their funds early , and is informed of the $ 500,000 difference .
`` Right , so OK , and if I wait till the age of 58 ... all right , yes , okay , I think that 's about it that I need , thank you , '' they say .
Senior counsel assisting Rowena Orr QC asked Mr Henderson whether it was `` standard for your employees to impersonate your clients and seek information about their superannuation accounts '' .
`` No , absolutely not , '' Mr Henderson said . `` I was horrified . It was most definitely the wrong thing to do . I was bitterly disappointed that someone would do that under my responsibility . ''
They added that the decision was ultimately made not to sack the employee .
`` Instead we gave them a warning . It was borderline . In hindsight I should have persisted with my gut reaction , '' they said .
Ms McKenna was refunded their $ 4950 upfront fee , but had they signed on with Henderson Maxwell would have paid more than $ 3000 in additional brokerage fees plus an ongoing investment management fee of $ 14,642 - compared with the roughly $ 2800 they were paying through their super fund .
The Commission heard that 84 per cent of Henderson Maxwell 's funds under management were with its own managed fund product . `` Do you consider that you conducted a reasonable investigation into the financial products that might best achieve Ms McKenna 's objectives ? '' Ms Orr asked .
`` Yes , I do actually , '' Mr Henderson said . `` We do consider all options for clients . I felt that in the first meeting we discussed what those options were , and collectively came to the agreement that a SMSF was suitable for Ms McKenna . ''
In their official response to the FPA to Ms McKenna 's complaint , Mr Henderson hit out at their `` barrage of aggressive and presumptive accusations '' and added `` I feel I 've made every effort to attempt to satisfy Ms McKenna in finding an amicable solution to their issues without financial or other return to myself or my business '' .
`` You then refer to things you have read in the press about Ms McKenna 's role as a Fair Work Commissioner , in a highly critical way , '' Ms Orr said .
Describing them as `` aggressive and nitpicking '' , Mr Henderson 's letter said Ms McKenna had `` approached this situation with extreme hostility '' and treated them with the `` utmost disdain '' .
In a subsequent email to the FPA , they described the incident as `` a storm in a teacup '' and said their `` response before I went on holidays was exclusively for the FPA 's benefit and not Donna McKenna '' and that they would `` appreciate '' if their comments were not shared with them
`` Is it really nitpicking for Ms McKenna to make a complaint after receiving advice that would have cost them half a million dollars ? '' Ms Orr asked .
`` No , '' Mr Henderson said . `` That was clearly not a professional email . ''
frank.chung @ news.com.au
( WTNH ) — Aldi Supermarkets is recalling one of their chocolate bars after concerns that the product was mislabeled to people with nut allergies .
According to Aldi , their Choceur Dark 5.29 ounce chocolate bar has pieces of almonds that are not listed on the packaging . That could cause an allergic reaction in consumers that have nut allergies . WebMD reports that these bars are sold in Aldi 's Connecticut stores .
The voluntary recall is for the Choceur Dark 5.29 ounce chocolate bar with the best buy date of July 24 , 2018 . The UPC code for the bars is 4149817964 .
MADRID ( AP ) — Police were called to investigate an altercation involving Diego Maradona and their girlfriend at a hotel in Madrid , authorities said Wednesday .
Officers were dispatched after a call from the hotel , but found no evidence of any serious disturbance after talking to Maradona and their girlfriend , Rocio Oliva . They said neither Maradona nor Oliva showed signs of having been involved in a confrontation , and neither wanted to make a formal complaint .
“ I want to inform that I am in Madrid enjoying my family , and waiting for Napoli to play in the Champions League , ” Maradona said in a statement posted on their Facebook account . “ My lawyer Matias Morla contacted the Spanish authorities . There are no complaints and nobody was able to explain to me the reason for this media show . I 'm having a great time , let them tell their stories . ”
The 56-year-old Maradona is in the Spanish capital with their girlfriend to watch former club Napoli play Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League . They are a guest of Napoli president Aurelio de Laurentiis and is expected to give a pep talk to the players ahead of Wednesday 's match .
Advertisement
Napoli 's players are staying at the same hotel as Maradona .
“ Nothing happened , ” Morla told radio La Red in Argentina . “ There was no violence , no complaint . There was no alcohol or drugs either . It was just a private discussion . ”
They said it was made a big deal out of it because “ Maradona does n't have a private life . ”
“ It was a normal discussion and they called to ask for another room , but a yell was heard , ” Morla said . “ The police were called and a show started . ”
Morla said the police asked if Maradona and Oliva wanted to make a formal complaint , and left after the couple said they did n't .
The lawyer said they “ received calls from FIFA , Napoli 's president , everyone was worried . ”
Authorities did not say if the call about the altercation came from one of the guests or from hotel employees . Spanish media said police were called in after a “ strong argument ” involving guests at the hotel .
It was n't clear if police talked to Maradona in their room or somewhere else in the hotel .
Spanish media on Tuesday released a video of Maradona threatening a reporter who tried to talk to them at the hotel in Madrid .
After the reporter said that they were struck by the former player as they passed by , Maradona came back and said , “ I did n't hit you , if I hit you , you will lose your nose . ”
“ Know that if I fight you one-on-one , I 'll destroy you , ” Maradona is heard telling the reporter .
In the discussion that lasted several seconds outside an elevator , Maradona said all they wanted to do was “ eat in peace , ” and that the reporter was not welcomed because they were not a guest at the hotel .
The outspoken former Argentina great has been involved in a long list of controversies , both on and off the field . Their tumultuous personal life is often a target for local media in Argentina .
In 2014 , they slapped a journalist in the face and called them an “ idiot ” outside a theater in Buenos Aires . Ten years earlier , Maradona fired an air gun at reporters and was given a two-year suspended sentence .
Maradona , who led Argentina to the World Cup title in 1986 , was banished from the 1994 World Cup for doping after testing positive for five types of stimulants and diet pills . In 1991 , they were suspended for 15 months for testing positive for cocaine while playing for Napoli .
___
Associated Press writer Vicente Panetta in Buenos Aires , Argentina , contributed to this report .
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/tazzoni
Police in Philadelphia say they caught a coyote in the Northeast section of the city .
Police in Philadelphia 's 15th District said on social media Monday that they caught a coyote — an animal increasingly seen in suburban communities , but not so much in cities — in Mayfair , a decidedly urban part of the city .
A spokesperson for the department confirmed that a coyote was caught , but had no additional information other than the animal was found roaming on the 4200 block of Greeby Street in Mayfair , between Vogt Park and Roosevelt Playground , about a mile and a half from Pennypack Park .
The animal was turned over to rangers from the city 's Parks and Recreation Department .
Jennifer Crandall , a spokesperson for the Parks and Recreation Department , said the animal was then given to the state 's Game Commission . Crandall did not know the coyote 's current location or condition . A commission spokesperson could not immediately be reached for comment .
Good job15th officers today call for coyote on the streets it was caught and released back to Enviromental center pic.twitter.com/pVneSl2lP0 — PPD 15th District ( @ PPD15Dist ) April 23 , 2018
Last year , the Schuylkill Center for Environmental Education in Upper Roxborough reported tracks on the grounds . And authorities in Lower Merion on the Main Line warned residents last year to look out for their pets after coyotes were spotted within township borders .
Coyotes in this region are generally Eastern coyotes , which some label a coywolf . It 's a hybrid of a coyote , wolf , and dog . Coyotes have been spotted in suburbs for a number of years , but sightings within the city 's borders are more recent .
The animals feed on mice , voles , rabbits , and woodchucks , so Pennypack Park could be a good feeding ground .
However , coyotes are shy and normally avoid people . So finding one in daylight in an urban area is unusual .
The Eastern coyote made its way down from Canada about 20 or 25 years ago . Pennsylvania Game Commission literature says adult male coyotes in the state weigh around 45 to 55 pounds and females 35 to 40 pounds . Body lengths range from 48 to 60 inches , with fur ranging from gray to something like a German shepherd 's . Their legs are gray , tan , and reddish , often with black lines down the front . They have erect ears and a bottle-brush tail , usually kept in a downward position . Their eyes are typically yellow .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $ 10 million a day combined if housekeepers , cooks and others go on strike , a possibility starting Friday , the union representing thousands of casino workers said .
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment , which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job . Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training , wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts .
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984 , when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors . Last year , more than 42.2 million people visited .
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers . A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final .
“ Furthermore , one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements … to keep the doors open , rooms cleaned , food cooked , and cocktails served , not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff 's regular work , ” the union wrote .
Using the companies ' earnings reports for the first three months of the year , the union 's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM 's earnings before interest , taxes and other items by more than $ 206 million and Caesars ' by over $ 113 million .
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders , housekeepers , cocktail and food servers , porters , bellmen , cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas , including Caesars Palace , Bellagio , Stratosphere , Treasure Island , The D and El Cortez .
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union . Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas , Encore , The Venetian and Palazzo .
MGM , which employees 24,000 of the workers , said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week . The company says it remains confident that it “ can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides . ”
Caesars said it “ expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires. ” About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts .
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers . It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold .
“ What is going to happen to my position ? ” said Fernando Fernandez , a guest runner at Caesars Palace . “ I think they are going to be disappearing it , because robots are going to be available to deliver everything . ”
They said they want training to fix or program the robots that they believe could eventually replace him .
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years . A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase .
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday , and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter . Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years .
The average hourly wage of union workers is $ 23 , including benefits such as premium-free health care , a pension and a 401 ( k ) retirement savings plan and $ 25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers .
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Comments
comments
Harman International has just launched its voice-activated speaker `` Harman Kardon Allure '' in India . The device was originally unveiled at the IFA Berlin show in August this year .
`` We 're excited to launch this much sought-after product in India . Ever since its launch at IFA in August - we have seen tremendous interest and demand for the Harman Kardon Allure from our Indian customers . Research shows the number one use of digital voice services is music streaming and Allure with its premium sound quality , iconic design , and exceptional voice-enabled technology , will produce a spectacular sound experience while delivering on our promise of elevating a connected life through smart technology , '' said Sumit Chauhan , Vice-President , Lifestyle Audio Division , Harman India , said in a statement .
Interestingly , this hands-free speaker is powered by Amazon `` Alexa Voice Service '' . The device can be connected to `` Alexa '' through Wi-Fi to provide information , place an order , play music , among others .
Users in India can enable over 11,000 skills on `` Harman Kardon Allure '' , the company claimed . `` Place it anywhere and the speaker will be able to fill any space with refined and powerful 360-degree Harman Kardon sound . ''
The device sports 360-degree ambient lighting design that reacts to voice commands and moves along with the rhythm of the music . Harman Kardon Allure speaker is also equipped with proprietary , far-fetched voice technology that lets the speaker capture your voice commands in noisy environments .
The company has said that there is a built-in four-microphone array with advanced noise-cancellation technology that lets the user have hands-free voice control from across the room .
The speaker has transducers and a built-in subwoofer that claim to produce 360-degrees sound . The device also supports Bluetooth streaming meaning users can easily connect to devices that come with this technology .
Harman Kardon Allure is priced at Rs . 22,490 and will be available exclusively for Prime members via Amazon.in starting today .
Expat pay more complicated than the exchange rate
Experts trained in how to balance the expectations of international workers with the strategic , financial and practical constraints faced by the employer are in high demand .
The driver of this demand is the technology that makes a larger international mobile workforce possible .
“ Aligning an expatriate 's reward expectations with company policy is an intricate science , ” says Nicol Mullins , chartered reward specialist and chairperson of the International Mobility Group at the South African Reward Association ( SARA ) .
International assignees must get a fair pay package in return for their willingness to uproot themselves from their local support system . Employers should however not hand over a blank cheque .
If a company pays for staff to take their pets on a foreign assignment , does that include the relocation cost for an employee 's horse ? Would a female employee be able to develop their career in Saudi Arabia ? Will a country 's high tax rate overwhelm the benefits of an otherwise handsome remuneration package ? Considerations like these are often overlooked when dealing with expatriates , especially for urgent deployments .
This is where the services of an International Mobility Reward Specialist prove invaluable . According to Nicol , expatriate reward programmes must be based on a comprehensive set of policies for each foreign destination to which employees may be assigned .
“ Mobility specialists are businesses ' architects of expatriate reward programmes , ” they say . “ They are also the custodians of the standard by which all international deployment decisions will be made . ”
A Mobility Reward specialist develops the what and how of expatriate remuneration and benefits ; the International Mobility Policy and the International Mobility Framework derived from it .
The International Mobility Policy is informed by a large body of tax , immigration , legislation , cultural and other data about selected destinations , gathered and correlated by the mobility specialist . They consider rewards in terms of identified trends , best practices and their organisation 's own HR remuneration directives .
“ It is because of the complexity of the knowledge required that expatriate reward programmes should be treated differently than local reward calculations , ” explains Nicol .
Co-ordination
While the mobility specialist must have a good knowledge of each subject their policies address , it is impossible to know the intimate details of visas , legislation , tax or lifestyle for every target location . For this , they build and leverage a network of validated and reliable foreign area specialists , like relocation agents , tax advisors and environmental adjustment consultants .
“ These service providers are like the pieces on a chessboard , ” Nicol explains . “ Without a dedicated organising authority like the mobility specialist , companies would struggle to coordinate the efforts and interests of all stakeholders . ”
Protecting the investment
Ultimately , an expatriate is deployed to achieve a corporate goal , making their remuneration only part of a larger investment .
Many foreign assignments fail because an accompanying partner is unable to adapt to an unfamiliar lifestyle , culture or surroundings . Another common problem is the lack of a visa for the partner that allows them to pursue fulfilling their own purpose .
“ It is a pity when either the rewards or the total investment are devalued or even rendered worthless by unforeseen problems that could have been anticipated , ” says Nicol .
“ A mobility specialist will track cases where a successful transition was achieved in a specific environment . They will also be able to identify the best solution to potential problems , ensuring the employer 's objectives are not derailed . ”
Bringing order
The greatest advantage of employing an International Mobility Reward Specialist is that they prevent the foreign assignment dynamic from devolving into a chaotic and costly mess .
“ No organisation that deploys expatriates is too small to benefit from the order that mobility policies and controls establish , ” concludes Nicol .
School immunisation teams getting ready to offer the flu vaccine to almost 9,000 East Dunbartonshire primary school pupils .
A team of 29 NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde ( NHSGGC ) school immunisation staff will visit 34 primary schools in the area from the beginning of October to immunise pupils against flu .
Schools will be sending out consent packs to parents and carers next week ( beginning August 21 ) and will be asking for completed forms to be returned within seven days .
The flu vaccine is given as a painless nasal spray .
Pupils who ca n't have the nasal spray for medical or religious reasons can receive the vaccine as an injection in the upper arm .
Children have the highest flu attack rates and are more likely to pass on the virus to family , friends and the wider community .
However , evidence from Public Health England has shown that where primary school age children were given the vaccine there is a significant reduction in the number of children and adults attending GPs and hospitals with flu like illness .
Emilia Crighton , deputy director of Public Health , NHSGGC , said : “ It may seem very early to be thinking about flu , however we want to immunise as many children – one of the most vulnerable groups - as possible .
“ Vaccinating 85,000 primary across the whole NHSGGC area is a massive operation for our teams . However , it is hugely important as the vaccine is the best protection we have against an unpredictable virus which causes severe illness and deaths each year .
“ If a primary pupil was immunised against flu last year it is important they get the vaccine again this year , as the virus changes every year . As a result , a different vaccine has to be made every year , meaning annual vaccination is necessary for children .
“ I 'd urge parents and carers to return the completed permission form as soon as possible .
“ Flu needs to be taken seriously – it 's not the same as the common cold and the virus can have an immediate and severe effect . ”
Durban - Last week reports claimed that monkeys were intruding into the RK Khan hospital in Chatsworth , Durban , and stealing food from patients , staffers and people in the area .
The RK Khan team , including the hospital 's chief executive , Dr Prakash Subban , met Steve Smit , the co-founder of Monkey Helpline , a non-profit organisation that helps educate people about monkeys .
Smit said the meeting went well and that the hospital team was very receptive to the suggestions and grateful for their advice .
Read : 'Hungry ' monkeys invade Durban hospital
Smit led them around the hospital suggesting ways that would help decrease the monkey intrusion .
“ The monkeys are not a danger to anyone . They are just a nuisance and I have given them enough suggestions to keep monkeys from bothering patients in the wards . ”
Nana Mkhize , the safety officer at RK Khan , said the meeting was both productive and educational .
Daily News
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 22 5 .815 — 7-3 L-1 12-2 10-3 14-4 Toronto 17 7 .708 3½ 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 New York 12 13 .480 9 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 15 11 .577 3½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 11 .560 4 4-6 L-5 8-3 6-8 7-8 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 15 11 .577 — 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 11 .560 ½ 5-5 W-1 10-2 4-9 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 1½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 2½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½ 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 102 , Sacramento 87
Boston at Detroit , 4 p.m .
Denver at Indiana , 5 p.m .
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Russia 's military stated Tuesday that Russian air defenses at Hmeimim airbase in Syria had intercepted and destroyed several unidentified objects targeting the base .
An airbase spokesperson later confirmed that the base was operating normally , with no damages or casualties reported as a result of the attempted attack .
`` On April 24 … the airspace monitoring facilities at Russia 's Hmeimim airbase detected a group of small-size unidentified airborne targets approaching the base , '' the spokesperson said in a statement . `` All targets were destroyed by air defense means deployed at the base . ''
According to South Front , the Russian Pantsir-S1 airbase systems shot down two drones armed with projectiles that had been launched by a militant group . It also reported that rockets were also intercepted . Other media reports indicate that two to four objects were destroyed in the air .
Video footage alleged to show the attack has since surfaced on social media .
— Maria Engström ( @ maria_engstrom1 ) April 24 , 2018
​The airbase , which is just one of two operated by Russia in Syria , is located in the coastal city of Jableh . Russia operates a second base is Tartus .
​In February 2018 , the Russian Defense Ministry released a statement denying media reports of a `` successful drone attack '' on the base on January 1 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge 's search for a win on the road continues after a 2-0 defeat to Yeovil Town in Sky Bet League Two .
It 's now 13 games since Cambridge United won away to Crewe and the U 's will be flabbergasted at how they did n't come away from Huish Park with the three points .
And , this time , the blame has to lie at the door of the players .
You ca n't compensate for three goals that should have been scored -by Uche Ikpeazu , Billy Waters and Brad Halliday - and neither can Shaun Derry .
The team was set up correctly and the midfield carved upon Yeovil Town 's at-time hapless defence but they just could find the net .
And it was another one of those performances that you can pick the positives from but has ultimately ended in defeat . It also leaves the U 's closer to the relegation zone than the play-offs and lodged firmly in mid-table .
And if the old problem of not taking chances reared its head again , then a slightly newer problem of not being awarded penalties opened the game .
Waters burst into the area and was caught from behind by Nathan Smith and , after taking a moment , referee Darren Drysdale blew – for a free-kick , rather than a penalty , and gave the striker a warning .
But after that , it was a positive first-half display for the U 's and after a few half-chances , a wonderful floated pass from Waters was met at the back post by Ikpeazu , who just could n't keep their effort down .
Liam O'Neil then smacked a volley which was well saved by Artur Krysiak , but the best chance of the half fell to Waters .
A superb pass from Adam Phillips was helped on , first time , by Jevani Brown to put Waters through one on one . The striker tried to place the ball across the keeper but put it beyond the far-post as well .
At the other end of the pitch the U 's were hardly tested but did well when called upon , with Yeovil 's only effort of note coming after Jordan Green beat Phillips to whip a fierce shot that curled away from the near-post .
And if they should have been ahead at half-time , they should have definitely been ahead three minutes after the break .
Halliday played in Ikpeazu who turned their man and had an effort with the outside of their boot which Krysiak could only parry straight back to Halliday who , with the goal beckoning , managed to push the ball wide .
Things got worse moments later , however . The only way that Yeovil were going to get into this game was from a set-piece and on 54 minutes that 's how they took the lead .
A free-kick from around 25-yards was floated into the area , helped on and then an emphatic finish from defender Nathan Smith from six-yards , smacking it on the volley , gave the Glovers the lead with their first effort on target of the game .
After the goal the pattern of the game did n't change at all against the obviously tiring Glovers side .
And Derry rolled the dice , bringing on George Maris for O'Neil and Jake Carroll for Adam Phillips with 25 minutes to go .
But only half-chances followed for the U 's , who never truly regained their rhythm after falling behind , and then the suckerpunch came .
Moments after Harrison Dunk , moved onto the wing for the final part of the game , blazed over the crossbar , Yeovil made their way down the pitch and excellent work from Rhys Browne ended in them pulling a cross back for Alex Fisher who finished from close-range after only being on the pitch for a matter of seconds .
Brown hit the crossbar soon after but it could have been worse for the U 's with Fisher inches away from bagging their brace with a minute to go .
V.C . Summer nuclear site . Two utilities abandoned an expansion of the site after spending $ 9 billion in about a decade 's time . Courtesy High Flyer
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott will be a brand ambassador for New Era Cap , the official on-field cap of the National Football League .
New Era will launch its first 2017 on-field campaign leading into NFL training camps . Training Collection features a variety of products , including 39THIRTY® , 9TWENTY® , GOLFER , Visor and Bucket caps .
Prescott and the Cowboys go to training camp in Oxnard , Calif. , in late July .
Prescott will be featured across New Era 's football marketing campaigns throughout the entire season . New Era has been the official on-field cap of the NFL since 2012 .
A cyclist suffered head head injuries after being involved in a collision with car .
The male cyclist had minor injuries after the crash near the village of Parkend in the Forest of Dean .
The man did not need hospital treatment .
It is believed the accident happened on the winding Parkend to Lydney road at about 1.15pm this afternoon .
Motorists were told to slow down in the area on Friday afternoon , but it has now been cleared .
As for playing as a single ? Woods smiled .
`` I did n't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing , '' they said .
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke , listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard . McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007 , their seventh tournament as a pro .
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him , `` Aside from your 85 , you have won here five times . ''
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition . The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major .
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing : Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka .
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial , their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world . Justin Thomas is making their debut at No . 1 in the world , an achievement that does n't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top . They took a screen shot .
`` Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing , '' Thomas said .
Dustin Johnson , who does n't appear to be concerned with much in life , conceded they were eager to get back the No . 1 ranking they held for 15 months . This is their first tournament since they lost the No . 1 spot to Thomas .
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all , a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery , including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March , and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole .
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory .
McIlroy understood what they meant , having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational . McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai , and then they broke through at Bay Hill .
`` As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door , sooner or later you 're going to step through , '' McIlroy said . `` And then with that , experience will do great things for you going forward . ''
Woods has n't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill . They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow , and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship , they still are 11 shots out of the lead . The idea this week is to get in range .
`` The last few times that I 've had a chance , I 've felt very comfortable , '' they said . `` Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it . ''
By Doug Ferguson , The Associated Press
The scene of a New Year 's day rave at Mount Lindesay rave where a Nimbin man has died and two other Northern Rivers men remain at the Gold Coast University hospital in a critical condition after taking a lethal substance .
POLICE have confirmed a 26-year-old Nimbin man died after taking an unknown drug at the New Year 's Day rave at a Mount Lindesay property .
A 29-year-old Clothiers Creek man and a 25-year-old Nimbin man are still in critical conditions at the Gold Coast University Hospital after taking the mysterious drug .
The men were rushed to the hospital via the Westpac Lifesaver Rescue Helicopter yesterday morning .
Secretary of the Help End Marijuana Prohibition party ( HEMP ) Party , Andrew Kavasilas , said the Nimbin man 's death was devastating for the community , which they said has endured the pain of losing numerous young people in various tragic circumstances .
`` Nimbin has tragically lost a lot of youth lately , '' Mr Kavasilas said .
`` This will hit the community again . ''
They said the 26-year-old 's death `` compounds on other youth deaths in the last 12 months . ''
Mr Kavasilas said the tragedy renewed their calls for police drug testing at festivals .
More broadly , Mr Kavasilas advocated for experts from Nimbin to be included in the national conversation about drug use .
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence .
Zeke Upshaw , who had played at Hofstra University , played for the Grand Rapids Drive , a G League affiliate of the Pistons . They collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York . The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants , along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena .
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion .
A medical examiner in March determined Zeke Upshaw , a swingman for the Detroit Pistons ' G League affiliate , suffered a “ sudden cardiac death ” after collapsing on the court .
Upshaw came to Hofstra as a graduate student in 2013-14 with a degree in apparel , merchandising and design from Illinois State . They had averaged only 2.5 points in their senior year at Illinois State , but with a year of eligibility remaining , they became the Colonial Athletic Association 's leading scorer with a 19.8 average . Upshaw scored 655 points for Hofstra that season after scoring 100 in three seasons at Illinois State .
Upshaw was undrafted and played internationally in Slovenia and Luxembourg . They spent most of the last two seasons with the Drive , appearing in 75 games primarily as a reserve and averaging 7.6 points .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Troy-Southern Miss . Box
SOUTHERN MISS . 89 , TROY 71 TROY ( 5-5 )
Hicks 5-6 2-4 13 , J.Davis 4-7 0-0 10 , Baker 4-8 0-0 8 , Person 8-16 0-0 20 , Hopkins 3-8 0-0 8 , Johnson 2-4 0-0 5 , Moreman 0-0 0-0 0 , Miller 1-2 2-2 4 , Adams 1-2 0-0 3 , Burnett 0-0 0-0 0 . Totals 28-53 4-6 71 .
SOUTHERN MISS . ( 5-4 )
E.Davis 0-1 1-2 1 , Magee 9-16 6-7 27 , Griffin 8-11 3-4 23 , Edwards 5-12 4-4 16 , Holland 3-6 0-0 9 , Rowe 1-1 2-2 4 , Richardson 4-6 0-0 9 . Totals 30-53 16-19 89 .
Halftime_Southern Miss . 38-31 . 3-Point Goals_Troy 11-31 ( Person 4-11 , J.Davis 2-4 , Hopkins 2-5 , Adams 1-2 , Hicks 1-2 , Johnson 1-2 , Miller 0-1 , Baker 0-4 ) , Southern Miss . 13-24 ( Griffin 4-5 , Magee 3-5 , Holland 3-5 , Edwards 2-7 , Richardson 1-2 ) . Fouled Out_Miller . Rebounds_Troy 23 ( Hicks 7 ) , Southern Miss . 26 ( Magee , Griffin , Edwards 6 ) . Assists_Troy 16 ( Baker 7 ) , Southern Miss . 13 ( Griffin 5 ) . Total Fouls_Troy 17 , Southern Miss . 6 . A_1,937 ( 8,095 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
GUILFORD and MILFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — A warning to lock your car doors has been issued after thieves have been hitting up dozens of vehicles each night all along the shoreline .
On Sunday night , Guilford police say multiple cars were targeted in the Mulberry Point section of town .
“ We 've had a series of car break-ins over the last couple of months as have a number of other communities along the shoreline , ” said Butch Hyatt , Deputy Chief with the Guilford Police Department .
In addition to Mulberry Point , cars were also targeted on River Street . Ofc . Hyatt says the thieves are working in groups .
“ These are , again , young adults , or youths , juveniles that are committing these crimes . Typically , they come into a neighborhood stealing not only property from in the vehicles , but many times people leave their keys in the vehicles and they 're stealing cars , ” they stated .
Related Content : Stolen cars from around CT ending up in Waterbury
Police say it 's not just personal property they are worried about . They 're also concerned for public safety . Ofc . Hyatt says when the thieves are caught in the act , they often drive off recklessly .
“ When it 's time to flee , it 's not their car they 're driving so they do n't care about damaging that vehicle , damaging police vehicles , damaging property of private citizens , ” said Ofc . Hyatt .
In addition to Guilford , officials from Milford are also investigating several car thefts and break-ins . Officials are searching for two suspects who allegedly used credit cards stolen from cars at various Connecticut businesses .
Related Content : Milford police search for car crime suspects
Police are reminding residents to lock their car doors and to keep outdoor lights on when possible . They say if you see someone suspicious in your neighborhood , you should call 911 rather than take matters into your own hands .
They 're also warning the thieves that it is only a matter of time until they get caught .
“ We 've made a couple of arrests in the past of groups that have come into town . We had one incident where a police officer interrupted them on their patrol , ” Ofc . Hyatt said .
ANDOVER TOWNSHIP , N.J. ( AP ) - Authorities have identified the pilot injured when their small plane crashed into a lake near a New Jersey airport .
John Wells was alone in the Bellanca CH7A model plane when it went down shortly before noon Monday near the Aeroflex-Andover Airport in Sussex County . It ended up in the state 's deepest natural lake , Lake Aeroflex , in Newton .
The 49-year-old Wells freed themselves and swam away before a police rowboat plucked them from the water . They were being treated at a hospital for back and neck injuries , but further details on their condition were not available Tuesday .
Authorities have said Wells was taking off when the crash occurred . The airport is in Kittatinny Valley State Park and is owned by the state 's Forest Fire Service .
The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating .
RAWALPINDI : Afghan Ambassador Dr Hazrat Omar Zakhilwal called on Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa in Rawalpindi on Wednesday .
During the meeting matters of mutual interest including security situation in the region and Afghanistan were discussed .
The Ambassador thanked the Army Chief for their efforts in improving bilateral relations .
The body of Perth woman Alison Leanne Raspa has been found four months after they disappeared at a Canadian ski-resort .
The 25-year-old was last seen leaving their workplace at the Three Below Bar in Whistler , north of Vancouver , on November 22 .
The Whistler Royal Canadian Mounted Police confirmed on Tuesday that remains found by members of the public at the partially frozen Alpha Lake on Friday night belonged to Ms Raspa .
Them cause of death has not yet been confirmed , but police say it does not appear to be suspicious .
According to Ms Raspa 's Facebook page , they were originally from Canberra , attended Greenwood Senior High School in Perth and moved to Whistler in May .
It is believed Ms Raspa took a bus from the Whistler village to a highway stop after they finished work , then walked about 200m to Alpha Lake Park .
They were last heard from at about 1.15am on November 23 when they sent friends a text message to say they were lost .
Them phone was found about 6.30am that day , some 5km from the bar in the park .
A member of the public then found their jacket , wallet and backpack a short walk away .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is providing consular assistance to the family , a spokesperson said .
Consular assistance can include family support and liaising with local and Australian authorities to assist with funeral arrangements or repatriation of remains .
The BC Coroners Service are also in contact with the family .
Ms Raspa 's family had previously travelled to Canada during an extensive , week-long police search after they were reported missing .
It included a thorough search of the park and an examination of the lake by an underwater recovery team .
Police also canvassed the area for CCTV footage and searched underground car parks , nearby creeks and parks .
West Virginia forward Sagaba Konate ( 50 ) reacts after scoring during the second half of a second-round NCAA college basketball tournament game against Marshall , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in San Diego . West Virginia defeated Marshall 94-71 . ( AP Photo/Denis Poroy )
West Virginia forward Sagaba Konate ( 50 ) reacts after scoring during the second half of a second-round NCAA college basketball tournament game against Marshall , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in San Diego . West Virginia defeated Marshall 94-71 . ( AP Photo/Denis Poroy )
MORGANTOWN , W.Va. ( AP ) - A winter storm expected to hit the Northeast is forcing at least one college basketball team to alter its travel plans for the third round of the NCAA Tournament .
West Virginia 's athletic department announced Monday night the Mountaineers will leave a day early for Boston . WVU says it will depart Morgantown on Tuesday instead of Wednesday .
Fifth-seeded West Virginia meets top-seeded Villanova in the East Region semifinals at TD Garden on Friday night .
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to hit New Jersey , Maryland , Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Massachusetts early Thursday .
A winter storm in the East during the 2017 tournament also prompted teams to scramble their travel plans .
____
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Beijing : China on Monday warned of a possible trade war with the US if Washington begins investigating alleged Chinese trade practices in bilateral commerce .
US President Donald Trump had notified their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping that the investigations could begin on Monday , Efe news reported .
`` China and the US have intertwined interests , trade war has no future , the only result would be a lose-lose ( situation ) , '' Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a press conference .
They urged the US to continue working with China for stable economic relations and asked it not to use the conflict in North Korea as a means to pressure Beijing in trade matters .
Trump is expected to order US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to start an investigation into possible unfair trade practices by China , such as patent infringement and forced transfer of intellectual property .
Chinese experts cited by the state-run Global Times newspaper on Monday also warned of the dangers of such investigation .
`` This may worsen trade friction between the two countries and jeopardise the results of the first comprehensive economic dialogue , '' said Huo Jianguo , Vice Chairman of the China Society for World Trade Organisation Studies .
`` If the US uses Section 301 ( of the Trade Act ) to pressure China , countries in China ` s export chain , including the US , Japan and South Korea , would be affected , '' said Liu Ligang , Chief Economist for China at Citigroup .
PORTLAND , Ore. ( AP ) — When Oregon lawmakers created the state 's legal marijuana program , they had one goal in mind above all else : to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market .
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers , whose product is not taxed . As a result , weed production boomed — with a bitter consequence .
Now , marijuana prices here are in freefall , and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts .
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year .
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon 's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California , where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale .
“ For the way the program is set up , the state just wants to get as many people in as possible , and they make no bones about it , ” Hilary Bricken , a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law , said of California . “ Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation . ”
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds ( 453,600 kilograms ) of marijuana flower — commonly called bud — in its inventory , a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people . Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year ; a study by the state 's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $ 14 in 2015 to $ 7 in 2017 .
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers ' and regulators ' earliest decisions to shape the industry .
They were acutely aware of Oregon 's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide , as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal , but largely unregulated , medical pot program .
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish , said Sen. Ginny Burdick , a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure .
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses ; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses ; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees .
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission , which issues licenses , announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out . The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon 's oversupply problem .
“ In my view , and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I 've heard from , it 's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization , ” Williams told the AP in a phone interview .
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply , Burdick said .
“ We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible , ” Burdick said .
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money . That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry .
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week . State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process , they 'll get sued or encourage illegal trade .
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California , equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region .
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain , medium-sized growing licenses . In some cases , companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses , which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels . The growers association is suing to block those rules , fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators .
Beau Whitney , senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data , said he 's seeing California prices fall .
In contrast , Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing . As the market matured , its regulators eased growing limits , but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis .
Colorado has no caps on licenses , but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers ' farm size based on past crop yields , existing inventory , sales deals and other factors .
In Oregon , cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up .
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state — with three more on tap — and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too . Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland , with another slated to open .
William Simpson , Chalice 's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO , is expanding into Northern California , Nevada and Canada . Simpson welcomes criticism that he 's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market .
“ If you take Chalice like Starbucks , it 's a known quantity , it 's a brand that people know and trust , ” they said .
Amy Margolis , executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association , says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term . The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead .
“ I do n't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure , ” they said . “ I 'm very interested to see … how this market settles itself and ( in ) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place . ”
For now , Oregon 's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat .
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis . Adam Smith , who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance , believes 70 percent of Oregon 's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers do n't respond .
“ We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore , ” they said . “ The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity . It 's about people with their hands in the dirt , making something they love as well as they can . How do we save that ? ”
___
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle , Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report .
___
Flaccus is a member of the AP 's marijuana beat team . Follow them on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/gflaccus . Follow complete AP marijuana coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
Comments
comments
There will not be any major announcements by Xiaomi at the Mobile World Congress this year . This means that the Chinese smartphone vendor will not be unveiling the waited Xiaomi Mi 5C in February .
Fresh rumors suggest that Xiaomi has delayed the launch of Mi 5C to March for now . However , no confirm report has been highlighted for now by the company on the launch date .
There have been a lot of buzz about the Xiaomi Mi 5C device ahead of the launch . Further adding up to the rumor mill , reports are such that the to-be-announced Xiaomi Mi 5C along with a custom in-house developed CPU .
Based on the rumor , Xiaomi Mi 5C will feature its very own 28-nanometer Pinecone V670 chip will feature an octa-core design based on Cortex A53 architecture coupled with Mali T860 MP4 graphics .
SEE ALSO : Xiaomi to launch military grade protective glasses on February 16
Not only this , Xiaomi is also working on building another processor which is the 10-nanometer Pinecone V970 . This one is expected to sport two quad-core Cortex A53 clusters coupled with Mali G71 MP12 graphics . Well , reports are such that this upcoming processor will give a tough fight to the latest Snapdragon 835 chipset .
To recall , previously announced Xioami Mi 5 compromised on its sales due to the lack of Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 820 chips stock . Hence , building its very own in-house CPU was a mandate . So , by using their in-house chips , Xiaomi will no longer suffer from manufacturing supply constraints and hence refrain from affecting its business .
Tipperary have been making their mark in Division 2 . Source : Cody Glenn/SPORTSFILE
THERE WERE SIX Lidl Ladies National League fixtures down for decision today , with Tipperary and Meath among those running to impressive victories while Cavan and Armagh played out a thrilling draw in Division 2 .
2017 All-Ireland intermediate champions and Division 3 title league holders Tipperary 's rise through the higher flight continued as they built on last week 's win with a hammering over Laois .
Shane Ronayne 's charges , who went unbeaten last year , swatted Laois aside with a 5-14 to 1-5 victory in Ardfinnan .
Templeport played host to a thrilling encounter between last year 's Division 2 beaten finalists Cavan , and Armagh — the side who were relegated from the top flight .
The clash finished 2-14 a-piece , with scoring stars Aisling Doonan and Bronagh Sheridan combining for 1-11 of Cavan 's exploits while Aimee Mackin and Caroline O'Hanlon impressed for the Orchard county .
Cavan star Aisling Doonan . Source : Tom Beary/INPHO
In today 's third Division 2 fixture , Lauren McGregor hit two of Waterford 's three goals as they comprehensively beat Clare on a scoreline of 3-12 to 1-4 .
Meanwhile in Division 3 , Meath showed their intent and well and truly put Longford to the sword with a 7-14 to 0-1 drubbing while Kildare coasted past Offaly .
For the second consecutive week , Leitrim conceded the points on offer . Wexford were given the walk-over with concerns building that Leitrim will fail to field a team this year .
And finally in Division 4 , new Limerick manager John Ryan oversaw their charges to a 2-12 to 0-8 win over Antrim , making it two from two for the Shannonsiders .
The weekend 's four Division 1 fixtures are down for decision tomorrow , with some exciting action on the cards . 2017 All-Ireland senior champions Dublin is on the road again as they face 2016 Lidl Ladies National League Division 2 winners Westmeath .
The four Division 1 Round 2 clashes are down for decision tomorrow . Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Elsewhere , Cork continue their bid for six league titles in-a-row as they host Monaghan , Kerry and Mayo go head-to-head and Donegal and Mayo do battle .
There are six more matches to be played tomorrow ; one each in Division 2 and 3 , and three in Division 4 .
You can find the fixtures here .
Lidl Ladies National Football League results – Saturday , 3 February 2017
Division 2
Waterford 3-12 Clare 1-4
Cavan 2-14 Armagh 2-14
Tipperary 5-14 Laois 1-5
Division 3
Offaly 3-2 Kildare 2-11
Meath 7-14 Longford 0-1
Wexford 0-0 Leitrim CONC
Division 4
Limerick 2-12 Antrim 0-8
- Updated 19.00
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Malawi national football team Coach , Ronny van Geneugden ( RVG ) , has reportedly proposed former Flames defenders , Patrick Mabedi and Meke Mwase , as part of their Flames ' backroom staff .
The two have been earmarked as Gerald Phiri Senior and Derlerk Msakakuona 's replacements , as their contracts expire next month .
In December , RVG indicated that they would ring the changes to their backroom staff before the end of this month .
Football Association of Malawi ( Fam ) imposed Phiri and Msakakuona on RVG , and soon reports emerged that there was a split between the coach and their assistants .
The Belgian met Fam sub Technical Committee over the weekend at Mpira Village in Chiwembe Township , Blantyre and presented their report on the 10 months they have been in charge of the Flames .
A source confirmed the meeting and RVG 's proposal of Mabedi and Mwase , who are currently working as South Africa 's Kaizer Chiefs assistant coach and mentor for Kasungu District 's TN Stars , respectively .
Geneugden could neither deny nor confirm that they proposed the two names .
“ At the moment , I can not confirm the names but very soon Fam will make announcement . Are you happy with the names ? But there is no smoke without fire , ” they said .
RVG 's report is expected to be tabled during the association 's Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) slated for next week in Mzuzu .
The meeting is also expected to discuss the progress of a football academy which Fam wants to set up in Blantyre . Mwase , who has made headlines after helping Stars earn promotion to the TNM Super League having won Chipiku Premier Division championship , was reluctant to comment on the matter .
Fam vice President , James Mwenda , who is also the Chairperson of the Technical
Committee , confirmed about last week 's meeting , but insisted that the issue of RVG 's assistants was not tabled during the meeting .
“ We had a meeting meant to plan for the whole year so the coach was one of the people who was called to present the report and programmes for 2018 . We also looked at the data of qualified coaches in the country , reports from the Technical Director [ John Kaputa ] on the technical programmes , especially on the academy which Fam is spearheading , ” Mwenda said .
Since the Belgian took over the Flames last April , the Flames have just scored five goals in 11 games while conceding 12 goals . The Flames are second in Group A of Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers with three points , at par with Cameroon following their 1-0 victories over Comoros Islands and Morocco , respectively .
Source link
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Iconic Cambridge art gallery Kettle 's Yard is set to reopen next week following an extensive two-year refurbishment programme .
The Castle Street institution will welcome its return on Saturday , February 10 , with a exhibition of iconic works and new commissions by thirty-eight international and British artists .
What 's new at the new Kettle 's Yard ?
The relaunch also promises improved exhibition spaces , a new glass entrance area and the addition of a café .
Two-years of renovations have also seen the gallery 's three original cottages transformed with the construction of state-of-the-art learning facilities over four additional floors .
It is hoped these new public research spaces , will foster greater community engagement , especially among the young .
Announcing the opening date , Kettle 's Yard director Andrew Nairne , said : “ This is a proud moment for all of us .
`` It 's not just about encouraging people to come to a museum . We want to reinvent the notion of what a museum and gallery can be , and do .
`` I believe Kettle 's Yard , with its remarkable collection and vibrant connections with artists of today , can be a beacon for the next generation . ”
What art is on display there ?
The opening exhibition is entitled : Actions . The image of the world can be different , and seeks to 'reassert the potential of art as a poetic , social and political force in the world ' .
In the new gallery spaces visitors will encounter iconic works by Richard Long , Ben Nicholson and Mary Kelly , with new and recent work by Julie Mehretu , Oscar Murillo , Regina José Galindo and Linder among others .
For the Kettle 's Yard House , works by Cornelia Parker and Edmund de Waal will be installed among the permanent collection . Callum Innes is making a set of watercolours to be shown in the new Research Space . Rana Begum is creating a new large-scale installation for the church of St. Peter 's next to Kettle 's Yard , and Tunisian artist eL Seed will create a new mural in North Cambridge .
There will also be a programme of live events , talks , discussions and activities .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app .
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
BLACKSBURG , Va. - A new tenant is coming to the New River Valley Mall .
The Children 's Museum of Blacksburg plans on moving locations this November . The new and larger space will cost $ 1.2 million and has already begun its fundraising efforts .
Plans for relocation have been in the works for the past year to move into the new 15,000 square foot space . The cost of admission will go up after the move .
“ We have had a generous contribution from the Blacksburg Lion 's Breakfast Club to start our fundraising efforts and they currently issued a $ 60,000 matching grant in addition to a $ 40,000 cash gift , ” said Executive Director Sarah Hanks .
“ So if individuals are interested in donating , their money will be matched dollar to dollar , ” said Hanks .
The museum will also be receiving a new name and logo which will be announced in the next few weeks .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
The text messages between Vicki and their manager .
The text messages between Vicki and their manager . John McCutcheon
TWO women have been left jobless and confused after they were fired by text message , but the woman who let them go claims they were just `` doing their job '' .
Vicki van der Meer and Julie Taylor were both employed casually at Beerwah Dental two weeks ago .
Julie had worked at the practice for 14 years and Vicki three . Both started there before new owners took over early this year .
UNEMPLOYED : Vicki van der Meer and Julie Taylor were sacked from their job by text message . John McCutcheon
The women said it was business as usual until June 14 , when they noticed they had no shifts rostered for the coming week .
`` When the new management took over we were told nothing would change , '' Julie said .
`` So when we saw that our shifts had been cut we contacted the area manager .
The text messages between Julie and their manager . John McCutcheon
`` She texted back saying they could n't offer us any more shifts and told us to hand in our keys . ''
Julie said they were `` shell-shocked '' . `` It came out of nowhere , '' they said .
`` I just sat there and stared at my phone ... sure enough Vicki got the same message that day . ''
The owners of the Beerwah practice also own Divine Dental at Noosa and Woombye Dental .
Practice area manager Belinda Falk admitted to sending the text messages to Vicki and Julie and said they were following instructions from their boss .
Ms Falk said staff at the practice often communicated over text and at times was the only way staff could contact each other .
`` There were ongoing issues involving communication and feedback , so after not being able to get in contact with them and then receiving a text message asking about the rosters , I decided to text them back .
`` They are both casual workers and I did n't have to give them an explanation .
`` At the moment all of the practices are experiencing a bit of a downturn in patients , so we ca n't have as much staff on .
`` This meant I had to cut some hours from some people to share the shifts around . ''
Julie , 62 , said they were likely to be unemployed for the rest of their life .
`` I planned to keep working through retirement , because my husband needs a hip replacement and they ca n't work as much .
`` It 's just disappointing to find out this way , not even a phone call , just a text telling me I had to finish up after nearly 14 years .
`` You get to know the clients , you form relationships and it 's really sad . I 'm friends with these people . ''
Vicki said they were looking for jobs elsewhere so they could afford to pay for their daughter 's wedding in September .
`` I 'm not angry , but the way we were treated feels criminal . ''
July saw another record set for home sales in Grey-Bruce .
The Realtors Association of Grey Bruce Owen Sound reports that 314 homes were sold last month through its MLS System , a new record for the month .
It continues a year where monthly records for the number of homes sold have been a regular occurrence . Home sales in the region numbered 330 units in June , which tied the record set in June 2016 for the most homes sold during that month .
By comparison , 386 homes sold in Grey-Bruce in May , which smashed an all-time record that had just been set a month earlier when 314 homes sold in the month of April .
The 269 homes sold in March broke the record for number of homes sold in that month .
On a year-to-date basis , home sales totalled 1,878 units at the end of July , which is also a record for the period and is up 8.6 per cent from the same period in 2016 .
The average price of all the homes sold in July was $ 298,380 , which is up 13.43 per cent compared to July 2016 . The year-to-date average price for the first seven months of the year was $ 290,735 , rising 13.1 per cent from the first seven months of 2016 .
There were 415 new residential listings on RAGBOS ' MLS System in July , an increase of 0.7 per cent from July 2016 .
Active residential listings totalled 905 units at the end of July , which was down 45 per cent from the same time last year and lowest July level on record .
The number of months of inventory stood at 2.9 at the end of July , down from 5.5 months a year earlier and well below the long-term average for the time of year .
The dollar value of all homes sold in July was $ 93.7 million , rising almost 20 per cent on a year-over-year basis and the highest value on record for the month of July .
Sales of all types of properties numbered 385 units in July 2017 , up 7.5 per cent from the previous July . The total value of all properties sold in July 2017 was $ 107.9 million , rising 15.3 per cent from a year earlier .
MUSE Contemporary Gallery - Lismore 's newest artist run exhibition initiative - is available to emerging and established artists to show their work in the CBD .
Located close to the new Quadrangle cultural precinct , Muse offers local artists a brilliant , light filled exhibition space .
For directors Amy Blanchard and Beki Davies , Muse responds to an urgent need for more exhibition spaces in the artistic regional town .
The opening show Muse will be a group exhibition of 20 Lismore artists working in a range of mediums .
The show promises to be a high quality exhibition from some of Lismore 's diverse emerging and established artists .
Muse opens at 5pm on Friday August 18 .
Members of the public are invited to attend the opening and meet the artists .
The directors of Muse are interested in hearing from artists or curators who might want to exhibit and can be contacted at musecontemporarygaller @ gmail.com or phone 0415 822 851 .
Gallery opening hours are Tuesday to Saturday , 9am-5pm and is located upstairs in Suite 4 , 131-133 Keen St Lismore .
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards were announced Monday morning at the Beverly Hilton , and HBO 's Big Little Lies — which last week officially announced Season 2 — had a very big showing , leading the TV pack with six total nominations . Golden Globes 2018 : Biggest Snubs Launch Gallery
FX 's FEUD : Bette and Joan followed with four nods , while Fargo , The Handmaid 's Tale and This Is Us netted three each . On the TV comedy front , a half-dozen shows picked up two nominations each , resulting in no frontrunner .
By outlet , HBO dominated with 12 total nominations , followed by Netflix 's nine and FX 's eight . NBC and Showtime each tallied five .
The Golden Globes will be broadcast by NBC on Sunday , Jan. 7 , and hosted by Seth Meyers .
Here is the list of TV 's nominees ( eligibility ran Jan. 1 through Dec. 31 ) — now share your raves and rants in the Comments .
• DRAMA SERIES ( 2017 winner : The Crown )
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid 's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
• DRAMA ACTOR ( 2017 winner : Billy Bob Thornton )
Jason Bateman , Ozark
Sterling K. Brown , This Is Us
Freddie Highmore , The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk , Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber , Ray Donovan
• DRAMA ACTRESS ( 2017 winner : Claire Foy )
Caitriona Balfe , Outlander
Claire Foy , The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal , The Deuce
Katherine Langford , 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss , The Handmaid 's Tale
• COMEDY OR MUSICAL SERIES ( 2017 winner : Atlanta )
black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
• COMEDY OR MUSICAL SERIES ACTRESS ( 2017 winner : Tracee Ellis Ross )
Pamela Adlon , Better Things
Alison Brie , GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan , The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae , Insecure
Frankie Shaw , SMILF
• COMEDY OR MUSICAL SERIES ACTOR ( 2017 winner : Donald Glover )
Anthony Anderson , black-ish
Aziz Ansari , Master of None
Kevin Bacon , I Love Dick
William H. Macy , Shameless
Eric McCormack , Will & Grace
• TV-MOVIE OR MINISERIES
Big Little Lies
Fargo
FEUD : Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake : China Girl
• TV-MOVIE OR MINISERIES – ACTOR
Robert De Niro , The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law , The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan , Twin Peaks : The Return
Ewan McGregor , Fargo
Geoffrey Rush , Genius
• TV-MOVIE OR MINISERIES – ACTRESS
Jessica Biel , The Sinner
Nicole Kidman , Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange , FEUD : Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon , FEUD : Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon , Big Little Lies
• SERIES , TV-MOVIE OR MINISERIES – SUPPORTING ACTRESS
Laura Dern , Big Little Lies
Anne Dowd , Handmaid 's Tale
Chrissy Metz , This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer , The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley , Big Little Lies
• SERIES , TV-MOVIE OR MINISERIES – SUPPORTING ACTOR
David Harbour , Stranger Things
Alfred Molina , FEUD : Bette and Joan
Christian Slater , Mr . Robot
Alexander Skarsgard , Big Little Lies
David Thewlis , Fargo
Again : The Golden Globes will be broadcast by NBC on Sunday , Jan. 7 and hosted by Seth Meyers .
Mike Jensen is a general assignment reporter for the Inquirer and Daily News . Among other assignments , they write `` Off Campus , '' a regular column on college sports for the Inquirer . A staff writer with the Inquirer since 1988 , Jensen covered college basketball and football beats for 15 years , wrote about soccer from 10 countries on five continents , and was assigned to the Kentucky Derby the year of Smarty Jones . They won Eclipse Awards for their coverage of Smarty Jones and Barbaro .
One NFL scout kneeling by the finish line looked at their stopwatch . Their eyes got a little wide . A good look under the circumstances .
“ What time did you have ? '' the guy asked the scout next to him .
This was Penn wide receiver Justin Watson 's pro day . As they got ready to run their 40-yard dash , the only sound had been of a drone overhead inside Penn 's athletic bubble , taking video .
“ Quaker I , '' Penn coach Ray Priore said of the drone . A pro day is a huge day for any prospective professional football player . Scouts for the vast majority of NFL teams started the day at Temple in the morning , got to Penn in the afternoon , showing up inside that bubble after earlier tests inside Penn 's weight room .
Watson had done basically everything a pro prospect could do , grabbing all-American honors for the Quakers , earning praise at the East-West Shrine Game and the Senior Bowl .
That number still mattered . Watson had been working out for weeks in Florida for this moment .
The funny thing about 40 times , you can run it once and 21 scouts can have 14 different times . The case here . Priore asked the scout right in front of them what they had on their stopwatch and the guy said 4.35 . Some had numbers under 4.4 , others just over . Penn 's football group talked among themselves about what the school should put out since there is no official number like at the NFL scouting combine . They decided the consensus should be about 4.42 , since if they put out that Watson had run under 4.4 , some teams might argue the point .
Bottom line : Watson killed it .
“ He might have just put themselves in the top four rounds , '' one scout was overheard saying .
Another scout had made it clear this visit was worthwhile for him . Their team was n't looking for a receiver in the early rounds so a chance to get a player such as Watson later on was worth this trip . The scout already had fallen for Watson at the all-star games . But you need to bring more measurables back to the bosses .
Inside the weight room , Watson had jumped a 40-inch vertical . A 6-foot-2 , 215-pounder , they had n't been invited to the combine , yet only one player there had hit 40 inches , D.J . Chark of LSU .
As the drills went on , the lifts and shuttle runs , Watson stayed in the upper reaches , sometimes top 10 , sometimes top five , of those who had performed the task at the combine .
Their pro day ended with Michael Keir , a quarterback at Roman Catholic High and California ( Pa. ) University , throwing them passes . To say both were impressive would be underplaying the occasion . They connected all over the field inside that bubble , sideline routes and deep ones , the whole route tree . No incompletions .
The pressure going in ?
“ I slept fine last night and I think that 's because I 've been working really hard for today , I knew I was really well prepared , '' Watson said . “ I kind of expected to do what I did today . I 'm glad it showed . … My first run a lot of guys had in the 4.3s and my second one was in the low 4.4s , that 's right around where I was in training . ”
They knew how their 40 times had been in preparing .
“ 4.38 on the laser in Florida , '' Watson said when asked what their best electronic time had been in recent weeks .
The training at XPE Sports in Fort Lauderdale since early January made a difference , Watson said — “ just being around guys who have a similar work ethic to you , and just all football all the time every day was what I dreamed of for a long time , so it was cool to go down there for a few months . ”
The best thing he 'd done Monday ?
“ I was really happy just coming out and catching passes at the end , '' Watson said . “ That quarterback , I 'd only thrown with them one time before — we completed every pass . I think that shows my timing , as far as steps and their step count , you can kind of plug in a good receiver and a good quarterback anywhere . ”
As far as celebrating , it wo n't last long , even if he 'd gotten scouts to open their eyes a little wider at their chances .
“ Our [ Penn ] strength coach already scheduled me an appointment tomorrow morning , '' Watson said . “ I 'll probably be with them in a kick-boxing room or something . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
WELCOME LUNA : Barnacles Café and Dolphin Feeding have welcomed the arrival of 4-week-old Luna to the community .
WELCOME LUNA : Barnacles Café and Dolphin Feeding have welcomed the arrival of 4-week-old Luna to the community .
A NEW addition to Tin Can Bay 's famous dolphin feeding institution is drawing crowds from across the region .
Born 4-weeks ago , Luna was officially named last week .
Barnacles cafe and dolphin feeding owner Les Dunstan said Luna was in good spirits .
`` Luna is doing very well and has fit in amongst the other six dolphins , '' Mr Dunstan said .
`` We have about 13 in the pod . ''
The new addition is a welcome asset to the Tin Can Bay community .
Luna is enjoying their stay in Tin Can Bay . Fraser Coast Dolphin Research Pr
`` We have a lot of people who have been coming to see Luna and all the other dolphins , '' they said .
`` We 're definitely excited to have Luna with us . ''
The news was shared all over Facebook with one Gympie resident ecstatic with the news .
`` The little 'peanut ' is the cutest thing ever . It was soooo wonderful seeing the little one today , '' one visitor said .
Mr Dunstan said dolphins do n't get fed until 4-years-old .
`` Due to Luna only be 4-weeks-old , they ca n't be fed until they 're 4 years old , '' they said .
The new baby dolphin 'Luna ' is enjoying their stay at Barnacles in Tin Can Bay . Fraser Coast Dolphin Research Pr
Description :
The Australian humpback dolphin gets its name from the elongated dorsal fin and humped back appearance which arises from the accumulation of fatty tissue on their backs as they age .
The male and female Australian humpback dolphins can grow between 2.6m and 2.7m , reaching physical maturity at around 14 years of age .
Threats :
Living close to coasts and rivers , the Australian humpback dolphin is susceptible to pollution as well as shark and fishing nets .
Overlooking Snapper Creek inlet in Tin Can Bay , Barnacles cafe provides an idyllic setting for you to enjoy breakfast while you are here to feed the Australian humpback dolphins .
Well this week Barnaby Joyce is providing entertainment , US TV Network ABC cancels new popular show Roseanne after lead star Roseanne barr posted an offensive Tweet , Kim gives their review of new movie “ The Bookshop ” which Kim rates 2 1/2 out of 5 stars .
Listen to the podcast here .
http : //www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Kim-Bauer-30052016.mp3
We will always arise for a good festival . And this summer we have boundless chances to jam out . The ARISE Music Festival , one among many festivals to visit Colorado in 2018 , will return for the sixth time this summer with more than 200 presentations and performances . Located on Sunrise Ranch , the Loveland festival comes to Colorado every year with musical acts , yoga , wellness workshops , cultural ceremonies , art , film and of course , activism . ARISE will return with all of that and more on August 3 through 5 , 2018 . As previously announced , the lineup includes industry giants like Slightly Stoopid , Thievery Corporation , Trevor Hall , Kitchen Dwellers and Quixotic . Now , the festival has released the name of another headliner that will rock ARISE and it 's big .
New Zealand hailing , big beat dropping , festival fiend OPIUO will light up Loveland in August . The internationally acclaimed DJ has rocked Denver multiple times , most recently this past April 21 at Red Rocks alongside Syzygy Orchestra and with support from Flamingosis , Anomalie and Colorado-based artist SunSquabi . The artist is known for non-traditional techno-dance music — blending funk-based EDM into their beats . The DJ 's latest album , Omniversal , was their first move from glitchy bass to electrofunk and we 're anticipating that evolution to continue into ARISE . This year 's lineup is the best yet and we recommend snagging passes soon . They also have one more headliner to be announced in May .
Rides will be offered to ARISE from Denver , Fort Collins and Boulder for only $ 5 per person round-trip through Bus to Show . Check out the full initial lineup below . You can find more information on passes , camping and parking options here . For a better idea of the festival 's vibe , check out our review of ARISE 2017 here . –
Ask Amy Amy Dickinson is a general advice columnist . email
DEAR AMY : I 've been dating a woman for about six months now . We started dating soon after what I thought was their official breakup with their ex-boyfriend . They moved out of the house they shared with them and moved in with a co-worker of mine . I just found out that they never broke up with their boyfriend . They apparently think they are “ just figuring things out. ” When we first started seeing each other I suggested we casually date other people because they just got out of a relationship . They told me they want me and does n't need anyone else . I 've also recently found out that they have at least two other lovers — these are people they were seeing while in their prior relationship . I told them I do n't want to date them anymore , and they suggested that we just have a sexual relationship . I declined , and now she 's telling people I abused them I try to stay away , but when a woman says something like that , it becomes “ fact ” in everyone 's mind . Help me ! I have no idea what to do .
Hurting
DEAR HURTING : How fast can you run ? Strap on your track shoes and get ( and stay ) away from this one-woman wrecking ball .
Them suggestion that you two should segue from an emotional relationship into a sex-only relationship seems to violate your own values and standards . And this — and their reaction to your rejection — says everything you need to know about them
You need to answer any accusation calmly by saying — to the accuser — “ You know that that is simply not true. ” Then separate from this person immediately . Disconnect from them on all social media , and purposely avoid having any personal or phone contact with them — or through other people .
Friends of yours will not automatically believe a false accusation . You should address it directly by saying , “ This is absolutely not true. ” Avoid trashing them ( this could escalate their accusations ) , but do say , “ She and I have different ideas about how to have a relationship . ”
If you feel this slander has legs , and if it is having a negative impact on your other relationships , your reputation and your work , you should see a lawyer . These lies might be legally actionable .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
DEAR AMY : I have a friend with whom I have been close for about 15 years . I am 46 years old , disabled and I live in my parents ' detached garage , which they have fashioned into an apartment for me . I can not work full time because of my condition . I work part time from home , pay my own bills , buy my own groceries and buy my own clothes , etc . My problem is that my friend 's mother hates and resents the fact that I still live with my parents . Every time they see me they scream at me that I am spoiled and have no right to be here . They feel that I am taking advantage of my parents . Besides the fact that my living arrangements are none of their business , it irritates me when they say this stuff , when after their relationship with my friend 's father soured and they kicked them out of the house , they moved in with their father and they converted the second story of their home into an apartment for her ! I want to scream at them and say that my relationship with my parents is none of their business , but I 'm afraid that this will cost me my relationship with my dear friend . I avoid them as much as possible , but we inevitably cross paths sometimes . What can I do ?
Aggravated
DEAR AGGRAVATED : Avoidance is your best defense . You can also verbally dodge this person when you encounter them
Sometimes people shout the loudest about problems they themselves have . This could be one of those times . Your friend 's mother might be trying to send their own child a message ; regardless of their motivation , they should not verbally attack you .
If you encounter this woman and they start in , you should never , ever , scream back . Let some silence build ( silence makes screamers very uncomfortable ) . And then you can take a breath and say , quietly , “ Um , respectfully , my living situation and relationship with my own parents is really none of your concern . We 're good . ”
DEAR READERS : Sometimes people who dispense advice run out of answers . If you 've ever been curious about the life behind my advice , read my new book , “ Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things : A Memoir of Love , Loss , and Coming Home ” ( 2017 , Hachette ) .
Panama : Roberto Borge , a former Mexican state governor wanted for corruption and detained in Panama , has failed in a bid to halt extradition proceedings , Panama ` s Supreme Court said on Monday .
It was deemed there were no legal obstacles for Borge , who used to run southern Quintana Roo state , to be sent back to their home country to face justice , the court said in a statement .
`` The extradition of Mr Borge will depend on the presidency of the republic '' of Panama , it said , noting that no further appeals were possible .
Panama ` s foreign ministry said in September that extradition had been approved .
Borge , 37 , was arrested June 4 in Panama when they tried to board a flight to Paris .
They stand accused in Mexico of selling state-owned real estate at one percent of its market value , as well as money laundering .
They governed Quintana Roo , which features many of Mexico ` s most famous Caribbean beaches , from 2011 to 2016 for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
The party , which has governed Mexico for 76 of the past 88 years , has been mired in a series of corruption scandals involving its governors , five of whom are in jail in Mexico or elsewhere .
Borge faces charges of corruption , fraud , money-laundering or involvement in organized crime .
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) — Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore has been a rare sight on the traditional campaign trail in the days ahead of a critical U.S. Senate race . He 's appeared at only a handful of rallies in front of friendly audiences and steadfastly has shunned reporters from the mainstream media .
Moore 's past campaigns have never been heavy on the conventional , but their relative absence from the spotlight this time around is nearly unheard of for a major party candidate .
Moore has focused on meeting with small groups of supporters and an aggressive social media campaign out of camera range as they try to win Tuesday 's election against Democrat Doug Jones – a contest that was supposed to be an easy GOP victory – until November , when a number of women stepped forward to accuse Moore of engaging in sexual misconduct when they were in their 30s and they were teenagers .
Moore has denied the allegations and refuses to back down .
Moore 's stealth effort has left Jones resorting to mockery as the Democrat crisscrosses the state trying to pull an upset in Tuesday 's special election , buoyed by the possibility that enough Republicans will abandon the 70-year-old Moore in the wake of the allegations .
“ Roy Moore is in hiding . He 's kind of like the groundhog . They come out every so often to see if they can see their shadow , ” Jones said Saturday in Selma during one of several stops for the Democrat this weekend .
Ben DuPre , a campaign spokesperson , said Moore is not holding back .
“ He 's talking to voters . We are getting the message out any way that we can . I know you are the old media and you get offended when we do n't talk to you , but we 've got Twitter . We 've got Facebook . He 's doing interviews . He 's doing radio . ”
Moore campaign chairperson Bill Armistead said Moore has spent the week doing smaller unannounced events with supporters and has been on the phone with pastors and others urging supporters to get to the polls on Tuesday . They said the campaign feels confident going into Tuesday .
Moore 's campaign is actively pushing their narrative on social media and in press releases . He 's also drawing headlines with the help of President Donald Trump , who came to the Florida Panhandle on Friday night and has lined up a recorded telephone call from the president that will start being delivered to Alabama voters on Monday .
Moore has never been conventional . They have built a large following among some evangelical voters from two failed gambits : upholding a display of the Ten Commandments in a state building and trying to block same-sex marriage in Alabama . They were tossed from office in both instances .
Moore plans to close out their campaign Monday night with another large rally featuring former Trump campaign guru Steve Bannon .
Alabama campaign consultant David Mowery – whose client Democrat Bob Vance lost to Moore in the 2012 Alabama Supreme Court chief justice race – said Moore has never been a candidate to do many public events but shunning just about all traditional media during the Senate race is “ pretty unprecedented . ”
Still , Mowery said , Moore knows how to focus on their base .
“ We never knew where they were and then we 'd get a picture from somebody showing us some church marquee saying , ‘ Judge Moore is here on Saturday , ' ” they recalled . “ He 's out there , he 's just with their base , and usually in small events . ”
Mowery said the temptation is to obsess too much over what Moore is doing .
“ You lose the forest for the trees worrying over the opponent , ” Mowery said . “ It was n't like we were competing over the same voters anyway . ”
“ We were going after the Chamber of Commerce , country club , First Methodist kind of Republicans … not the fundamentalists and the snake handlers . We were never going to get them anyway , and neither is Doug , ” they said .
Bill Stewart , the former chairperson of the political science department at the University of Alabama , said Moore appears to be banking on their evangelical base , as well as the state 's overwhelming tendency to vote Republican , to carry them to victory on Tuesday .
Republicans in Alabama tend to clear 60 percent of the vote — though Moore has struggled in their previous races to reach that number — and voters here have n't elected a Democrat to the Senate since 1992 .
Stewart said they ca n't remember a candidate ever virtually “ disappearing from public view ” the way Moore has . Still , they said Moore has little to gain but “ a lot to lose ” by making a mistake .
“ There may be a method in their madness , ” Stewart said .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
NORTH ROYALTON , Ohio ( AP ) — Authorities in Ohio say a man charged in the deaths of five people in two cities is set for a hearing on the latest charges .
Police say 45-year-old George Brinkman Jr. will be in Parma Municipal Court Thursday . They were charged Wednesday with aggravated murder , kidnapping and tampering with evidence in the deaths of 45-year-old Suzanne Taylor and their daughters , 21-year-old Taylor Pifer and 18-year-old Kylie Pifer . Their bodies were found Sunday in their North Royalton home . Police have n't said how they died .
Brinkman was charged Tuesday with murder in the slayings of their employers , 71-year-old Rogell Eugene John and 64-year-old Roberta Ray John . Their bodies were found Monday in their North Canton home . Authorities say they apparently were shot .
It could n't be determined immediately if Brinkman has an attorney .
The censor board and the makers of Raveena Tandon-starrer “ Maatr ” have locked horns over its certification . The actor says law amendment is the need of the hour .
Addressing the issue , Raveena said here on Monday : “ I think more than the scenes , Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC ) has a problem with the language that has been used in the film . ”
“ I do not understand why… as we attempted to show a mirror to the society . Having said that , I understand that the CBFC is also bound by laws that go back to the 1970s . We have gone ahead , but they are still following the same law . Perhaps , there comes the problem . There is a need for law amendment . ”
They said that “ it is not accepted how even after getting an ‘ A ' certification , a film goes through so many cuts… that dilutes the matter ” .
Directed by Ashtar Sayed , the story of the film “ Maatr ” deals with rape and violence against women in the Indian society .
The final verdict is yet to be out , say the film 's makers .
The film which marks the comeback of Raveena Tandon as the lead actor says that , “ I used to work in 30 films in a year during the early stage of my career . But now I have reached a point where I will do films that I completely believe in and I have no idea what I am doing next after ‘ Maatr ‘ . So how many times should I make my comeback ? I really do not like using that word . ”
Raveena also said that the clear intention behind making the film is to create awareness among the audience .
Speaking at the trailer launch of the film , Raveena said , “ Intention behind ‘ Maatr ‘ is not commercial success but to spread a message of crime against women . This is the need of the hour , where people should start changing their mindset about women and take action against such criminals instead of shaming the victims based on the length of their clothes . ”
It is expected to release on April 21 .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
EUTHANASIA advocate Dr Philip Nitschke hopes one day people can store a dose of barbiturates in their cupboard `` for when they feel like dying ” .
A public seminar and an all-you-need-to-know workshop on `` the practicalities of killing yourself ” in Lismore yesterday hosted by Exit International founder Dr Nitschke attracted about 200 people from near and far .
They were nicknamed Dr Death after the Northern Territory passed the world 's first voluntary euthanasia laws in 1996 , when they built a computer which administered a lethal dose of barbiturates to consenting users .
It was used to assist four suicides during the short-lived right-to-die law .
Dr Nitschke summed up the workshop as : `` all you need to know to be able to peacefully and reliably end your own life . ”
They acknowledged the workshops were controversial , but said they did n't buy the argument that teaching people how to end their lives led to higher suicide rates .
`` Most people will never use these drugs but it brings immense comfort knowing they 've got their own peaceful death stitched up , ” they said .
But they said if you must do it , `` do without the involvement of other people so you do n't implicit someone else who cares for you with a very serious legal problem . ”
Dr Death held an Exit International workshop in Lismore . Jasmine Burke
Hugh Nicholson , The Channon , was looking forward to learning more in the workshop .
`` Having seen my parents get old and end up in nursing homes and thinking ' I do n't want to do that ' , and just having the right to make that choice , ” Mr Nicholson said .
`` It 's so odd - you 've got somebody who really needs help to die but they cant ask for help as they risk their nearest and dearest being penalised by the government . ”
The Exit workshop was the first of five to be held in Australia restricted to people over 50 or who are terminally ill and presented the `` best methods to provide people with a reliable and peaceful death ” .
They are based on The Peaceful Pill Handbook , which is the only book in Australia with a ban on it in the last 40 years .
It covers gases and why they work ( including poisonous ones ) , a focus on the `` best of the drugs ” - in particular Nembutal , and where you get it , how you get it , how to store it , why it works and how to take it .
`` You can go to Lima and buy it over the counter , but bringing it back is breaking Australian law , ” Dr Nitschke said .
`` Penalties for bringing it back are pretty mild , hundreds have brought it back but very few people have been caught .
`` It 's much more serious if you bring the drug back and then give it to someone else - that 's a supreme court case and 10 years in prison . ”
Exit 's goal is to ensure all elderly members get access to their own peaceful pill for use at a time of their choosing .
Dr Nitschke said they hope to see laws changed which prevent people getting the drug .
`` I want to see every person be able to get the drug - but that 's not going to happen for a long time in Australia . ”
Synology today announced the official release of two major backup applications in Active Backup suite of packages , the official version of Active Backup for Office 365 that supports SaaS cloud backup , and the beta version of Active Backup for Business that provides data availability for workloads in physical and virtual environments .
“ More and more companies and organizations are operating across physical , virtual , and cloud platforms . This phenomenon presents a tremendous challenge to IT departments for ensuring the safety of the growing data in this cross-platform environment. ” said Jia-Yu Liu ,
Director of Application Group at Synology Inc. “ To tackle this problem , Synology provides a new , all-in-one solution that closely integrates software and hardware for businesses of varying scale . ”
Active Backup for Office 365 employs single instancing technology to not only help businesses with the management and availability of Office 365 data , but also significantly lower the space occupied by backups . The content search function is particularly geared toward combing through content in mail and attachments , enabling users to find the mail in need of recovery in the shortest time .
In contrast , Active Backup for Business integrates multiple technologies adopted by DiskStation Manager ( DSM ) . For Btrf file system , Synology has developed the Global Deduplication function to greatly reduce the required storage for backup . The integration with Virtual Machine Manager allows NAS backups of physical servers or virtual machines to directly run on DSM , maximizing the availability of data and applications .
Life on the International Space Station ( ISS ) is always busy , with ongoing science experiments , training , incoming cargo crafts and more . But few things are as heart-stopping as actually seeing people leave the safety of the station and venture out into naked space .
The next spacewalk is scheduled for this week on August 17 , and NASA has announced that you 'll be able to tune in starting from 10.00am EDT to spend a fun six hours watching other people work in extraordinary conditions .
This time the lot has fallen to two Russian members of the Expedition 52 crew - Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin and Flight Engineer Sergey Ryazanskiy . Both cosmonauts are experienced spacewalkers , having done eight and three such missions , respectively .
The men have already been preparing since last week , sizing up their suits and checking them for leaks ( crucial ) , and making a list of the tasks they 'll be undertaking while outside .
The six-hour mission will begin at approximately 10.45am EDT on Thursday when the cosmonauts will exit the station 's Pirs airlock to do a bunch of important jobs .
First up , they will deploy five nanosatellites that will set to work in the low-Earth orbit . Weighing about 5 kg ( 11 pounds ) each , these satellites look pretty much like simple rectangular boxes - but they have a variety of functions .
One of these boxes will be enveloped in a 3D-printed casing so that astronauts can specifically test how such materials deal with the environment of our planet 's orbit .
Another of the satellites will be commemorating two major anniversaries for the Russian space program - the 60th anniversary of humanity 's first artificial satellite Sputnik 1 and the 160th anniversary of the birth of one of the `` fathers of rocketry '' , Konstantin Tsiolkovsky .
The team will also scrape some residue samples off the outside of the ISS for analysis , and do some maintenance by attaching new handrails and struts for future spacewalking colleagues .
This is the only spacewalk planned during Expedition 52 , and it will be amongst the longest ones so far performed this year .
The lengthiest spacewalk in 2017 was the 7-hour , 4-minute stint on March 24 , during which US astronaut Peggy Whitson broke the record for the longest time a woman has spent in space . The experienced flight engineer has accumulated more than 50 hours and 40 minutes of spacewalking time .
Whitson aboard the ISS on 22 June . Credit : NASA
Whitson is still on the ISS at the moment , and has wandered out into space already four times this year . Now it 's time for their Russian colleagues to have a go . Here 's hoping it will all go smoothly !
To see all the action , you can tune in to NASA Live on Thursday 17 August . Unlike all those fake 'live space feeds ' littering the internet , this will be the real deal .
Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew takes a look at some of the biggest corporate failures .
Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew takes a look at some of the biggest corporate failures .
Frank Wilson 's former market darling Quintis looks set to join a long and proud list of corporate sweethearts that have ended up on the scrap heap .
From international gold mine spruiker Claude de Bernales through to Alan Bond and Norm Carey , WA has produced its share of corporate promoters who have made national or international headlines .
Quintis is of the less glamorous , more retail line of companies that did not promote giant projects but made the most of the investors ' love for a good tax dodge and a long-term punt that money might in reality grow on trees . It is more of a Great Southern than a Bond Corporation , and more of a Timbercorp than a Bell Group in that it was all about luring investor dollars directly into projects that made the most of agricultural tax incentives .
Great Boulder Proprietary Gold Mine
Early 20th Century mining pioneer Claude De Bernales used complex and elaborate schemes to assemble a mining empire , starting with the formation of the Wiluna Gold Mines company and borrowing £1 million in London to develop their leases .
Despite the 1930s Great Depression , they continued to raise millions of pounds in London and won control of the ore rich Great Boulder mine .
While operating form London their empire began to collapse in 1939 and the stock was suspended from trading by the London Stock Exchange , shortly before going into liquidation .
Poseidon Nickel
High demand for nickel during the Vietnam war in the 1960s sparked frenzied buying of Poseidon Nickel shares in 1969 after the company made a major nickel discovery at Windarra near Laverton .
Starting at 80¢ in September , the shares soared to $ 12.30 by October 1 and peaked at $ 280 in February 1970 , before crashing .
By the time Poseidon began mining , the nickel price had fallen and the ore was of lower quality than expected . The firm was was delisted in 1976 and its operations were taken over by Western Mining in 1991 .
Teachers ' Credit Society
Over 16 years TCS grew from a 300-member society with loans limited to $ 2000 , to the biggest credit union in Australia with 40,000 members , $ 550 million on deposit and millions out in loans .
But the collapse of the “ kamikaze bank ' amid allegations of a politically motivated depositor run in August 1987 cost the WA government about $ 120 million after it was sucked in to help bail out the reckless lender as part of a controversial buyout by R & I Bank .
TCS was considered a driving force behind the 1980 's “ debt-funded boom ” in WA and its demise triggered a deep recession in the state and a number of convictions of executives and borrowers for fraud .
Bond Corporation
Heavily geared before the 1987 stock market crash , Alan Bond doubled down with the disastrous takeovers of Bell Group , US brewer Heileman and British-based mining conglomerate Lonrho .
Underscoring their recklessness in the aftermath of the second biggest global market crash in history , in March 1988 they spent $ US1.26 billion alone on Heileman , the fourth biggest brewer in the US at a time it was losing about $ US70 million a year .
Bond Corp debt hit $ US5.7 billion as they bought the St Moritz Hotel in New York and the British Satellite Broadcasting company , Allied-Lyons PLC .
The 1990 recession hit the company hard , and in 1991 it reported a staggering 96 per cent slump in revenues , forcing a radical restructure and eventual collapse in 1993 .
Bell Group
The flagship company of feared corporate raider Robert Holmes à Court blossomed out of their purchases of transport and media interests across WA beginning in 1973 .
Over more than a decade they mounted a number of unsuccessful but profitable take-over bids for Australian and international companies , including Elders , Carlton & United Breweries and The Times of London .
Holmes à Court was thwarted by Kerry Packer in using cash-flush Bell Resources to buy out its parent .
The 1987 sharemarket crash exposed the weak cashflow and high debts of Bell 's portfolio companies , and they were bought out by Alan Bond in what became a landmark deal of WA Inc .
Mr Bond spend the better part of four years emptying Bell of cash to prop up their debt-ladened Bond Corp empire .
The company fell into receivership in January 1991 after banks swooped on the strength of questionable mortgages gained a year earlier .
The State Government 's Insurance Commission of WA is now fighting for its shares of $ 1.8 billion-plus of proceeds from suing the banks over their dodgy behaviour .
Rothwells
The merchant bank was known in business circles as a “ lender of last resort ” having built up a number of stakes in businesses acquired throughout the 1980s .
The 1987 crash sparked an investor run on Rothwells , and temporary respite came with the help of a $ 150 million guarantee by WA 's Burke Government as part of a rescue package cobbled together by founder Laurie Connell .
The political fallout from its eventual collapse in 1988 resulted in the WA Inc royal commission that included WA government dealings with Bond Corp and the Bell Group .
Sons of Gwalia
Once the world 's third biggest gold producer , and owner of the historic Leonora mine , Sons of Gwalia , collapsed in 2004 under the weight of $ US800 million in debt , heavy hedging losses from complex gold option trading and falling gold reserves .
A $ 63 million rights issue and restructuring were not enough to save it after overpaying for the purchase of Pacmin Mining and Tarmoola Gold Mine in 2001 , and the bad luck from a collapsed wall at Tarmoola that set the company on the road to ruin
In a landmark decision , some late-arriving shareholders of Sons of Gwalia were awarded the same status as creditors on February 27 , 2006 , because the company breached continuous disclosure obligations or misled them about its financial status .
Timbercorp
The managed investment scheme survived for nine years and owned over 40 businesses , including forestry , pulpwood timber , avocados , olives , almonds and other agribusiness schemes .
In 2004 profits soared by 50 per cent and Timbercorp 's share price spiked 48 per cent , before nose-diving 28 per cent in February 2007 after the government abolished tax relief on non-forestry investment schemes .
It was placed in administration on April 23 , 2009 .
Great Southern
Australia 's biggest agricultural investment scheme was established in 1987 and went into administration one month after Timbercorp .
Plantation forestry was its mainstay until the early 2000s when it diversified into high-value timbers , beef cattle , olives , viticulture and almonds , reaching peak plantation holdings of 240,000 hectares in 2008 and owning 176,500 head of cattle .
Profits and revenue topped out in 2006 , but heavy debts , the GFC and regulatory uncertainty proved its downfall , with losses in 2008 leading to insolvency .
Westpoint
Property developer Westpoint was a classic Ponzi scheme run by Norm Carey and Richard Beck as they used new investor cash to repay interest on existing obligations .
A total of $ 304 million was raised from 3524 retail investors , but Westpoint collapsed into receivership in February 2006 owing about $ 312 million with net assets of just $ 21 million .
Auditing firm KPMG and Westpoint directors agreed to pay up to $ 67.5 million to end all compensation claims against them following investigations by ASIC , with KPMG reportedly contributing $ 60 million .
Have your say
Residents across the East Midlands can expect a cloudy day with outbreaks of rain .
It will be mostly dry further east with brighter periods at times , although the rain edging east towards midnight .
Tonight the cloud and outbreaks of rain will gradually clear eastwards overnight , to become clearer by dawn with a few showers following from the west .
Tomorrow looks better , with sunny spells and scattered showers .
There was a lot to love — or maybe hate — about the 1980s . Walkmans . Bangles . Mullets . And … Donald Trump .
Yes , even 2017 's president-elect can sometimes seem out of a different era ( one with a lot more velour and perms ) . `` Many of ... Trump 's cultural touchstones , which he 'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter , were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump 's celebrity status rose in New York , Trump Tower was built , The Art of the Deal was published , and they first flirted with running for public office , '' The Associated Press reports .
But a love of Bobby Knight and Sylvester Stallone is not the only thing Trump is holding on to :
Much of Trump 's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too . In 1987 as they first floated running for president , they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was `` paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves . '' Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s , more than the largely safer big cities of today . In The Art of the Deal , they voiced positions on trade they still hold today . That book , which made them a household name when it was published in 1987 , also holds many of the principles that guided Trump 's business career — and , decades later , their bombastic campaign for the White House . [ The Associated Press ]
And that 's not even to mention Trump Tower 's `` gold lamé party dress '' interior . Jeva Lange
Children 's author Claire McFall is reminding kids across Aberdeenshire that there is still time to ‘ Express themselves ' this half term in a top writing competition hosted by National Express .
Author Claire , who is judging the UK 's largest coach operator 's short story competition – ‘ Express Yourself ' – is calling on youngsters aged 7-16 to put pen to paper during the half term holidays and enter the competition as the deadline is extended ‘ till the end of March .
The competition , will see winning stories published in an online storybook in the coach onboard entertainment system VUER for passengers to enjoy as they travel .
Each winner will also get a £500 cheque as prize money .
Children who enter the competition this February half term should submit short stories inspired by the theme of ‘ happy travelling ' .
National Express has made it even easier for children to enter the competition by launching an online portal : www.nationalexpress.com/author where they can submit stories .
Claire , who is well known for their award winning novel ‘ Ferryman ' , will be judging the entries .
They encouraged local children to get involved , saying : “ I 'd love every child in Scotland to have a go , even if you 've never tried writing before ! Everyone has a story inside them and each one starts with a single word . Writing is one of the best ways of expressing your ideas , unlocking your creative side , and this is a great opportunity to share it . Good luck ! ”
Entrants should write a story of up to but no more than 1000 words , and they have until Friday , March 31 to enter .
To visit the new competition portal visit : www.nationalexpress.com/author .
An escaped prisoner with links to Bishopbriggs is back behind bars .
Jamie Roy , 24 , went missing while receiving treatment at Glasgow Royal Infirmary last Wednesday .
They were being held on remand at the city 's Barlinnie Prison .
A police spokesperson said today ( Monday , August 14 ) : “ With reference to our previous appeal to trace missing man Jamie Roy from Glasgow please note :
Jamie has been traced .
“ The media and the public are thanked for their assistance with this matter ” .
The cruise ship Disney Dream won the best overall large ship for the third consecutive year in the Cruise Critic Cruisers ' Choice Awards announced Wednesday .
Viking Ocean Cruises took 10 top awards and Celebrity Xpedition got six small ship honors in the awards .
The awards are based on ratings submitted with thousands of reviews to CruiseCritic.com from travelers during a 12-month period .
Disney Cruise Line scored tops in eight categories , including the best overall large ship for Disney Dream , which also won best cabins , best service , the best public rooms and best shore excursions . In the midsize ship category , Disney Magic took top honors for best overall as well as best for families .
Advertisement
Viking Ocean Cruises , which launched its first ocean cruise ship in 2015 , won the best overall in the small to midsize ship category for its Viking Sea ship . Viking Sea also won for best service , the best entertainment , best for fitness , the best public rooms and best shore excursion in that size category . Its sister ship Viking Star won the best value , best dining , best cabins and best for first-timers in the same small to midsize category .
Celebrity Cruise Line 's Galapagos-based ship , Celebrity Xpedition , won six top awards in the small chip class , including the best overall , best value and best shore excursions .
Other first-place winners include Royal Caribbean 's Allure of the Seas , for best ship for entertainment in the large ship category , and Norwegian Cruise Line 's Norwegian Sky , for best cruise ship for value in the large ship category .
___
Complete list of 2017 Cruise Critic Cruisers ' Choice Awards : http : //www.cruisecritic.com/memberreviews/cruiserschoice_index.cfm
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering their condolences to Canadians
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering their condolences to Canadians following Monday 's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto .
They made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as they welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit , the first of the Trump presidency .
Trump began the affair by offering their hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W . Bush , the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of their wife Barbara .
Related : Trudeau calls van attack ‘ horrific and senseless '
They then mentioned the attack in Toronto , where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby .
” I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives , ” Trump said .
” Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada . ”
The attack drew extensive international attention , its images on the front pages of foreign newspapers and cable outlets , some of which offered live broadcasts of the aftermath .
Alek Minassian , 25 , of Richmond Hill , Ont. , was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack . They are charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder .
Related : 10 killed , 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
Related : Officer 's actions ‘ one shining moment ' after Toronto van attack
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
The Zomba Chief Resident Magistrates ' Court Thursday dismissed two applications by State and defence in the ongoing corruption case involving former minister of Agriculture George Chaponda and one of the directors of Transglobe Export Produce Rashid Tayub .
The court dismissed an application made by the defence which wanted Chaponda and Tayub to be tried separately . The court also dismissed an application by the State to recall witnesses who already testified in Blantyre .
Defence for the second accused , Tayub , asked the court to split the case , saying all the testimonies which deal with holding foreign currency without permission and giving false information to Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB ) do not apply to him .
Tayub also put it to the court that their businesses are suffering because banks are not willing to be associated with them while they are on trial .
Acting Chief Resident Magistrate , Paul Chiotcha , said trying the suspects together would not result in miscarriage of justice , saying there is a connection between the offence of attempting to obtain unfair advantage which Tayub is answering and that of influencing a public officer for the misuse of their office which Chaponda is answering .
Defence lawyer for Tayub , Jai Banda , said they were disappointed with the ruling but they are ready to defend the case nevertheless .
“ We are disappointed because most of the time , we will just be sitting in the court listening to the evidence which does not concern us but we are ready to defend the case either way , ” they said .
On the application to recall former Agricultural Development and Marketing Corporation chief executive officer , Foster Mulumbe , and former director of operations , Feckson Kantonga , Chiotcha said they would not recall the two because the State did not prove that the alleged impartiality concerns they raised against Chief Resident Magistrate for Blantyre Magistrates ' Court , Simeon Mdeza , did not prove the possibility that some key information from the witnesses was being left out .
State Lead Prosecutor , Macmillan Chakhala , said they were at peace with the ruling .
“ It was just an application which would have been accepted or denied . We are ready to try the case either way . We are confident with the evidence which the two witnesses gave in court , ” they said .
After ruling on the two applications , the court proceeded to hear the testimony of one of the State witnesses , Robert Mkandawire , Senior Investigations Officer at ACB .
In their testimony , Mkandawire narrated how they found money amount to about K124,500,000 , $ 57,500 , R22 , 70 and other foreign currencies during a search on February 21 2017 .
They told the court that Chaponda told them and other investigators that K95,500,000 of the money belonged to the ruling Democratic Progressive Party , a claim which was later disputed by the party 's treasurer general Henry Mussa and official Nicholas Dausi .
Source link
It turns out that some millennials take the phrase `` fur babies '' literally—very literally .
A new study from business solutions agency Gale found that almost half of millennials view taking care of animals as `` practice '' for having their own children someday . The study said 44 percent of millennials think this way , with 21 percent citing it as the main reason to even have a pet in the first place .
To get this data , Gale analyzed adults aged 20-36 about their furry companions . The study was released this year .
Getty
While this might seem a bit surprising , it 's worth noting that this is n't totally new information . The research firm Packaged Facts released its own study back in May that came to a similar conclusion—that pet ownership is prevalent in young millennials partially because they think it 'll help them parent someday .
The Packaged Facts study said nearly seven in 10 millennials say that pets are good practice for having a family , according to the New York Post .
Coinage Video : 8 Lavish Gifts That Will Spoil Your Pet
Adweek reports that marketers have even taken notice and use this perception of pets in advertisements to make money , so you know this is getting widespread .
RELATED : 15 Times Celebrity Dogs Dressed Better Than You Do
Jury 's out on whether or not this is an accurate way to think about pet ownership , but as long as it creates responsible pet owners , we think it 's a win .
Every day we like to find the little stories that are quirky , silly , or just downright cute . Our goal ? To pick you up and make you feel good ! Listen here !
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
A partnership between computer scientists at the University of California San Diego and Google has allowed the search giant to reduce by 70 percent fraudulent business listings in Google Maps . The researchers worked together to analyze more than 100,000 fraudulent listings to determine how scammers had been able to avoid detection -- albeit for a limited amount of time -- and how they made money .
The team presented their findings at the 26th International Conference on the World Wide Web in Australia earlier this month .
The computer scientists identified what they describe as a `` new form of blackhat search engine optimization that targets local listing services '' such as Google Maps . They also describe how these scammers were able to make money . `` Location-based search is increasingly becoming the way people interact with online content -- even if you 're not using a mapping application , '' said Alex C. Snoeren , a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at UC San Diego and a senior author of the study .
For example , when people run a search on their mobile phone , the search engine uses their physical location as one of the inputs to decide which results to display , Snoeren explained .
The scammers take advantage of this by using fake locations to make it look like their business is in close proximity to the user doing the search . This was particularly true of on-call contractors , notably plumbers and locksmiths . Researchers found that 40 percent of all fake listings on Google Maps belong to that category .
`` I might find seven listings for locksmiths in my neighborhood , '' said Danny Huang , the paper 's first author and a Ph.D. student in computer science at the Jacobs School of Engineering at UC San Diego . `` But in fact , none of those listings are real . ''
In all , researchers found that 11 percent of overall search results for locksmiths were fraudulent . In New York , that percentage went up to 15.6 percent . And it went up to an astonishing 83.3 percent in West Harrison , New York . Scammers are able to make money when they get called to help a user based on a fake listing . Scammers might quote a low price when called on the phone , only to charge a higher fee when they show up . They might not be licensed but get the business anyway .
In another scheme , scammers set up fake pins for real hotels or restaurants on Google Maps . They set up websites where customers make reservations , which are connected to the business ' real website or to a travel agency , which is not part of the scam . This allows scammers to make money either by getting a commission for each reservation or for referring traffic to the businesses ' real websites . The researchers found that roughly 13 percent of the fraudulent listings had real hotel and restaurant addresses , but were not created by these businesses .
All these fraud schemes were possible primarily because scammers found a way to get around Google 's verification process .
Businesses can register for Google Maps online for free . But before a listing goes live , Google sends a postcard with a verification code to the business ' address . The business inputs this verification code and the listing is then approved to go live .
Partly thanks to these measures , Google is able to detect 85 percent of fake listings before they even appear on Google Maps . The fake listings that make it past the verification process are taken down within an average of 8.6 days between creation and suspension .
Scammers got around verification requirements mainly by leasing PO boxes and using those addresses to receive their verification codes . They also added fake suite numbers to a specific address so Google would n't get suspicious about a large number of businesses located at the same address . Researchers note that there are legitimate reasons for a large number of businesses to have the same address -- big office buildings in Manhattan come to mind .
Researchers also noted that a large percent of fraudulent listings changed their address or the category they belonged to ( from hotel to locksmith , for example ) after verification .
To tamp down on abuse , Google has taken a number of measures , which the company details in a post on its research blog . Steps include : prohibiting bulk registration at most addresses ; preventing businesses from changing their addresses to a location that is impossibly far from the original without additional verification ; and detecting and ignoring intentionally mangled text in address fields designed to confuse Google 's algorithms . The company also fine-tuned its anti-spam machine learning systems to detect data discrepancies that are common in fake or deceptive listings .
# # #
The research was partially funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation .
* D.Y . Huang , D. Grundman , K. Thomas , A. Kumar , E. Bursztein , K. Levchenko and A.C. Snoeren , `` Pinning Down Abuse on Google Maps , '' Proc . of the International Conference on World Wide Web ( WWW ) , April 3-7 , 2017 , Perth , Australia .
The number of college freshmen with no religious affiliation has risen in the last 30 years .
According to a 2016 study by UCLA , 31 percent of college freshmen in 2016 said they have no religious affiliation , compared to 10 percent in 1986 .
The results from the survey , which were from more than 137,000 first-time students at 184 U.S. colleges and universities , were reported by Scientific American in May .
“ Not surprisingly , religious colleges are more religious , with only 17 percent Nones , ” according to Scientific American .
A “ None ” is a person who claimed no religious affiliation .
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens ' resignation will elevate another military veteran and conservative Republican to the state 's top job , and their experience working with legislators could smooth their transition to power .
Mike Parson will automatically ascend from lieutenant governor to governor on Friday when Greitens steps down . The current governor announced their plans to depart as the Legislature met in a special session to determine whether they should be impeached following investigations of their political and personal life .
Parson , 62 , spent more than a decade as a legislator representing southwest Missouri , experience that will likely give them a better working relationship with lawmakers than Greitens , 44 , who was a political novice when elected governor in 2016 .
`` He 's tried and tested , '' Republican Rep. Bryan Spencer said of Parson on Tuesday . `` He has a lot of friends in ( Jefferson City ) , and I think that will be beneficial for them to get things done . ''
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Greitens , a former Navy SEAL and Rhodes scholar , came into office criticizing `` corrupt career politicians . '' They repeatedly clashed with fellow Republicans on issues such as lawmaker pay and their moves to create a majority on the State Board of Education that would fire the education commissioner — a priority Greitens never fully explained .
A nonprofit formed to promote Greitens ' political agenda , using funds from non-disclosed donors , ran attack ads against Republican Sen . Rob Schaaf , a frequent critic of opposed Greitens ' proposals and tactics .
`` Every time Greitens attacks the senators or calls us all career politicians , that makes Parson look better , '' Sen. Paul Wieland , a St. Louis-area Republican who butted heads with Greitens , said shortly after Greitens was indicted .
`` When I look at the two of them , here 's one of the biggest differences : Parson respects the office , they respect the institution of the Senate , they respect state government , they respect this building , '' Wieland said .
Parson served two tours in the Military Police , in Germany and Hawaii , for the U.S. Army . They later spent 12 years as Polk County sheriff . They spent another dozen years serving in the Missouri Legislature , where they strongly opposed abortion and supported the National Rifle Association . They were elected lieutenant governor in 2016 .
Parson also is a third-generation farmer who successfully sought an amendment to the Missouri Constitution designed to protect farmers from having to modify their practices to satisfy the concerns of animal-rights groups . Voters narrowly approved the amendment in 2014 , amid strong opposition from the Humane Society of the United States and questions about whether it protected out-of-state farm owners .
`` He 's a simple guy , '' Wieland said . `` That 's not a negative . They are what they are . There 's no pretention . They do n't try to put on airs or pretend like he 's something he 's not . ''
Parson 's annual financial disclosure forms show that they and their wife , Teresa , have acquired more agricultural land over the past decade , growing their property to 90 acres in 2016 from 22 acres in 2007 . The couple also operated rental properties and had an interest in two golf courses over the past decade . Their wife is a bank loan officer .
After taking office , Parson investigated complaints about the treatment of patients at the state veterans ' home in St. Louis and , in December , called for the ouster of its administrator . Greitens followed up by appointing five new members to the Missouri Veterans Commission and directing them to fire the administrator .
Parson also garnered headlines for seeking an increase in their office 's budget to hire a personal driver . The state also added $ 54,000 to its budget to remodel the lieutenant governor 's Capitol office for the first time in 12 years after Parson was elected .
Parson has been a strong abortion opponent and enjoyed the National Rifle Association 's endorsement in their 2016 campaign . In 2007 , as a Missouri House member , Parson backed legislation to strengthen a law allowing home , business and vehicle owners to use deadly force in warding off attackers .
They initially planned to run for the Republican nomination for governor in 2016 , but they opted out of the crowded field and entered the race for lieutenant governor instead . They raised $ 2.9 million in contributions , including $ 350,000 from the Republican State Leadership Committee . They won by more than 10 percentage points over Democrat Russ Carnahan , the son of the late Democratic Gov . Mel Carnahan .
They underwent heart surgery on Christmas Eve in 2016 to remove blockage but recovered in time for the inaugural ceremony less than three weeks later .
Parson was born in Wheatland , Missouri , and graduated from Wheatland High School in 1973 . They and their wife have two children and five grandchildren .
___
Hanna reported from Topeka , Kansas . Margaret Stafford in Kansas City , Missouri , also contributed to this story .
___
This article has been corrected to reflect that the Republican State Leadership Committee gave Parson $ 350,000 in 2016 , not $ 200,000 .
Gay rights campaigners protested outside the Church of England 's General Synod in London on Wednesday as Anglican bishops from around the world prepared to vote on a report ruling out accepting gay marriage .
The “ Marriage and Same-sex Relationships after the Shared Conversations ” report , released on January 27 , calls for the traditional teaching that marriage is a lifelong union between a man and a woman to be upheld .
The report also reaffirms the view that the clergy must remain celibate if in a same-sex relationship and that they should not be allowed to bless same-sex marriages.It does however , recommend “ a fresh tone and culture of welcome and support ” for the LGBT community .
The issue has long strained ties within the estimated 85-million-strong Anglican Communion , which includes more liberal members such as the United States and Britain , and conservatives such as Nigeria and Kenya.The Synod , the Church of England 's legislative body , is being asked to “ take note ” of the report .
But the 50 protesters , who came carrying placards reading “ LGBT equality for people and priests ” and “ Synod should reject bigot 's report , ” want the bishops not to acknowledge the report , saying the concessions offered are not enough .
‘ Unconditional love '
“ A change in tone is such a superficial proposal , ” Colin Coward , a minister and director of Changing Attitude told AFP .
“ Christ talked about a God of infinite , unconditional love . I do n't think the Church — this is a shocking thing to say — really understands what that is , ” they said.Tracey Byrne , chief executive of the One Body One Faith charity said : “ I think what we 're looking for is not equal marriage at this stage , but just some really clear sign that the Church is going to bless and recognise our relationships in a formal way . ”
Fourteen retired bishops have also criticised the report , penning a letter earlier this week saying the call for a change of tone “ does not carry conviction. ” ” Our perception is that while the pain of LGBT people is spoken about in your report , we do not hear its authentic voice , ” the letter said .
The current report is seen as far more conservative than a previous set of proposals in 2013 that had argued that clergy should be allowed to bless same-sex marriages and welcomed the presence and ministry of LGBT people both lay and ordained.The Anglican church last year suspended the Episcopal Church , its US branch , for three years after it approved ceremonies for same-sex marriages .
Declining church attendance in more liberal countries has put pressure on Anglican leaders to be more accommodating on issues such as same-sex marriage , but that has put them at loggerheads with conservatives.Homosexuality is either illegal or strongly taboo in several countries with large Anglican congregations .
In 2014 , Welby said it would be “ catastrophic ” if the Church of England , mother church of the Anglican Communion , accepted gay marriage , arguing that the association could lead to the slaughter of Christians in countries such as Pakistan , South Sudan and Nigeria .
-AFP
Rising demand for ships for seaborne trade , growth in global energy demand and development of coastal industries to fuel global marine engines market through 2023
According to TechSci Research report , “ Global Marine Engines Market By Application , By Type , By Engine Power Rating , By Region , Competition Forecast & Opportunities , 2013 – 2023 '' , the global marine engines market is forecast to reach $ 15.5 billion by 2023 , predominantly owing to increasing world trade and growing demand for cruisers . Increasingly stringent environmental regulations resulting in technological developments & innovations , in addition to the development of hybrid turbochargers and dual-fuel engines , would drive demand for marine engines across the globe in the coming years . As maritime trade is growing between Asia-Pacific and Europe , which have both large developed and developing economies , the two regions are expected to witness strong demand for marine engines during the forecast period .
Browse 12 market data Tables and 165 Figures spread through 164 Pages and an in-depth TOC on
https : //www.techsciresearch.com/report/marine-engines-market/2371.html
Wärtsilä Corporation , MAN SE , Caterpillar Inc. , and Hyundai Heavy Industries are among the leading players operating in the global marine engines market . A growing number of leading market players are increasing their focus on designing and developing fuel-efficient and cleaner-fuel marine engines . Moreover , various leading market players are increasing their focus on new mergers & acquisitions in order to increase their market share as well as capitalize on new market opportunities . Commercial application of marine engines accounted for the largest share , globally , in 2017 , and the segment is expected to continue dominating the market over the coming years as well , on account of increasing demand for vessels and oil tankers across the world .
Download Sample Report @ https : //www.techsciresearch.com/sample-report.aspx ? cid=2371
Customers can also request for 10 % free customization on this report .
“ Increase in demand for ferries and tug boats is a key factor boosting demand for marine engines . Growing use of LNG-powered engines , increasing investments in optimized vessel efficiency , surging maritime tourism and huge demand for economically viable engines are among the other factors that are expected to positively influence the marine engines market , globally , during the forecast period. ” , said Mr. Karan Chechi , Research Director with TechSci Research , research based global management consulting firm .
“ Global Marine Engines Market By Application , By Type , By Engine Power Rating , By Region , Competition Forecast & Opportunities , 2013 – 2023 '' has evaluated the future growth potential of the global marine engines market and provides statistics and information on market size , structure and future market growth . The report intends to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment decisions . Besides , the report also identifies and analyzes the emerging trends along with essential drivers , challenges and opportunities in the global marine engines market .
Contact
Mr. Ken Mathews
708 Third Avenue ,
Manhattan , NY ,
New York – 10017
Tel : +1-646-360-1656
Email : sales @ techsciresearch.com
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
Do n't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience ! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil . ( You 'll be giving us a present too ! )
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer .
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one 's fault and that “ medicine is not an exact science . ”
Sharon Marson , who now lives in New Brunswick , attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her , and The Ottawa Hospital . Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them , but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it .
Marson 's surgery was in August 2000 . For most lawsuits , the claim must be issued within two years . Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015 .
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “ I have been the victim of medical malpractice. ” Until then , they said , they were not aware there had been malpractice .
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces . Tests done after the exam found a “ shadow ” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy .
They ordered a series of tests . Based on those , they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed , to which they agreed .
In August 2000 , during a post-op consultation , Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was , in fact , benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring , not cancer .
“ Following my nephrectomy , I was told that the pathology report , much to Dr. Leahy 's surprise , was not cancer . I had been misdiagnosed . I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue , for which I had had not one symptom , ” they said in a court document .
According to court documents , Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “ false positive result ” for cancer and that “ tests can be wrong , but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted . ”
They added , “ Medicine is not an exact science . ”
At the time , they said , several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit , but they declined .
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension , they said , that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “ inconsistency ” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said .
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery , which was negative for cancer . Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening . Marson argued that further testing should have been done , in light of that result , before their kidney was removed .
“ He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life . ”
In court testimony , Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery . They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis .
Marson , meanwhile , who had been working as a supply technician , said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD .
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000 , they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason .
“ I now know that , at all material times , I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment. ” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action , they said , which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings .
“ I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state . ”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment . The Ottawa Hospital released this statement : “ The Court was clear in its decision in this case . The hospital can not speak on behalf of other parties . ”
epayne @ postmedia.com
ON ALERT : East Ballina resident Allan Hay has lived in the area for 40 years and watches to see what the bushfire is doing as smoke piles into the air .
WITH hotter weather predicted , fire services and the Bureau of Meteorology are warning of an increased fire danger across the Northern Rivers this week .
Fire & Rescue NSW Superintendent Steve Hirst said everyone needs to be aware the fire danger period is on a permanent variation schedule which comes into force on September 1 .
They cited the fire , which was started by causes unknown around 3.30am on Monday , as a good example .
`` The fire danger now is quite unusual because of the horrific floods in March and April and we have some green out there , '' they said . `` But the vegetation is quite dry as evidenced by the fire started by unknown cause at the old golf club site at Links Rd in Ballina . ''
Fire & Rescue NSW is working closely with its Rural Fire Service colleagues on the Ballina fire which it plans to have blackened out by Monday evening . They said firefighters had taken the opportunity to do a controlled burn and hazard reduction and get a jump start for summer .
`` We are working hand-in-hand with our counterparts from the Rural Fire Service to combat and fire and hazard reduction , '' they said . `` Even though it 's a low risk incident we ask people to stay out . ''
Rural Fire Service superintendent Michael Brett said they just completed a 300km round trip in the region and predicted tomorrow would be the day to watch .
`` Wednesday is the day we are expecting the worst with winds picking up substantially , '' they said . `` Our concerns are while we encourage landholders to do hazard reduction , we remind them to have good containment lines so in the winds their fires stay where they should and not run onto a neighbours ' property . ''
Sup Brett said landowners needing information or advice should contact their local rural fire brigade sooner rather than later .
`` Or they can come and talk to us a fire control centre , '' they said .
A bureau spokesperson said Thursday might hit low 30s ahead of a cold front on Friday .
As far as life transformations go , Mark Connolly 's has pretty much been a total eclipse .
Nearly four years after exiting Condé Nast Traveler as style director , Connolly has no need for the designer staples that were their unofficial uniform . After an exhaustive journey into wellness and spiritual pursuits , they have become a reiki practitioner and intuitive counselor , enlightening members of the fashion pack that they used to trek to shows with in New York , London , Paris and Milan .
Their self-discovery also delved into yoga , shamanism , shamantic counseling , soul retrieval , past life clearance , psychic training , aromatherapy and endless webinars on mindfulness and wellness . Animated as they were recalling shopping along Milan 's Via della Spiga , and the shorthand conversations shared with fellow editors on-the-road , Connolly sounded even more enthusiastic describing how they have changed . “ The journey is ongoing but it 's been three-and-a-half years . It was a huge risk . I used my life savings to save my life . I was miserable for the last five years in that job . I stayed at that party five years too long , ” Connolly said . “ It turned out to be one of those universal lightning bolt moments – you 're not going to change your life so we 're going to change it for you . ”
With its Balinese orb lights , a smattering of crystals and other keepsakes from their 25 years of editorial-induced travel , their uptown apartment is certainly not corporate . Relaxed in a roomy white Carolyn Massey shirt , Earnest Sewn camouflage drop-crotch pants and black Adidas sneakers , Connolly opened up about leaving behind the cardkey-carrying world for a more free-minded one . Aside from having a more flexible schedule , they no longer needs to dress the part of the hard-charging , fast-talking , globetrotting fashion editor that they once are .
Connolly 's expertise was in such demand at a recent MZ Wallace event for shoppers in SoHo that they wound up staying an extra hour . Now they are in talks with other fashion companies about collaborating . They are mulling over developing aromatherapy products and plans to write a book drawing from five journals . “ When I left , it felt like my identity had been ripped away . That hit me almost harder than leaving . To think your identity was tied up in that , that was a harsh reality check . Therefore , I needed to pull away to get a better perspective of myself , ” Connolly said . “ I 've changed . I 'm more authentic and the blinders are off . But I still love fashion — just not a lot of runway stuff . ”
WWD : What do you like to wear now ?
Mark Connolly : I still love my classic Indian linen kurtas [ shirts ] . I love wearing vests , cargo pants , wide-leg pants classic , white shirts and scarves .
WWD : Did you feel you had to dress a certain way ?
M.C . : I do n't think I had to dress a certain way . I chose to dress in a certain way . There was my New York style and then there was my location style . When you 're on location , you ca n't wear smart designer clothes except , of course , depending on the level of hotel where you 're staying or going out to dinner – sometimes it 's required .
WWD : Do you think your appearance made a difference ?
M.C . : I like to think it made a difference . It made me feel good . A lot of us in the industry want to be perceived in a certain way . We use clothes as signifiers – to send messages that you know what 's going on , what suits you . One uses clothes to tell the story , to tell whatever you want , or to mask . But I enjoyed them . I liked my clothes . A lot of people , particularly guys , had a very signature look . I did n't . I do now , but in a much different way . Everything is much more authentic now . I do n't have the reverence that I used to have for designer labels . I 'm a little embarrassed to think that I held them in such high esteem . But I was working with designers all the time . You 're in the thick of the industry . You love what you do .
WWD : Do you keep a close eye on street style ?
M.C . : I 've discovered on my journey of self-discovery that I 'm very judgmental . I thought that would soften . It has a bit . At least I smack myself when I 'm looking at people and looking at what they 're wearing . I also ca n't believe that I find a lot of fashion ugly now . I would find it difficult if I were an editor now choosing stuff to pull together for a story . There 's a magpie effect with things . It smells like desperation – a lot of stuff put together to shock or to create a buzz .
WWD : What do you like ?
M.C . : I 'm loving the junked-up , rainbow East Village girl with multicolored hair , bright-colored prints and Pop Arty . There are a lot of black guys who do that nouveau dandy that I find really cool as well . Also , people are dressing more individualistically and creating their own style . My eye is traveling in a different way . It was like a machine , a little robotic . Being enmeshed in the fashion industry , you 're on kind of treadmill . I had tunnel vision to a degree and now it 's much broader .
WWD : Do you think more companies will have wellness specialists in-house and that the category will continue to take hold ?
M.C . : It 's going that way . There 's a trend for ex-fashion people going into the wellness arena like Mindy Grossman [ heading up Weight Watchers ] . The Class ' Taryn Toomey has blown up and she 's ex-Ralph Lauren . Larissa Thompson , who was at Self and InStyle , is now doing Onda Beauty . Suzy Yalof , who launched Unplug Meditation in L.A. and is looking to open here . With our business being on the cutting edge , it makes sense that more people are going into wellness . When it gets more absorbed into the fashion arena , it becomes a trend . So yes , it 's nice to be ahead [ laughing and tapping their pulse for effect ] — finally on point .
SANAA ( Sputnik ) - Yemen 's Houthi rebels told Sputnik they had struck down an Arab coalition drone on Wednesday night over the southwestern Saudi region of Asir .
`` The drone was downed during a confrontation with troops loyal to President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi near the border crossing in Asir in Saudi Arabia 's southwest , '' a member of the opposition movement said .
The Arab coalition has not commented on the incident . The Saudi-led alliance of mostly Persian Gulf nations has been carrying out airstrikes against the Houthis at Hadi 's request since March 2015 .
© REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst Mattis Alleges Iran Delivered Rocket Used in Houthis ' Attack on Saudi Tanker
Previous week , the spokesperson for the Arab coalition reported that Saudi Arabia 's air defenses destroyed a ballistic missile launched by Yemeni Houthi rebels over Jizan province .
In 2015 , Saudi Arabia leading a coalition of several Arab and African states launched a military intervention in Yemen in a bid to restore the government of Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi who was toppled in a series of uprisings staged by the Houthi rebels and fled to Riyadh .
New Delhi : Minutes after the young horses clinched their Under-19 Indian Cricket World Cup for the fourth time , the entire nation entered celebratory mode with crackers , music and drums . Twitter too exploded with congratulatory messages and witty comments . Several politicos and leaders also took to the micro-blogging site wish the boys-in-blue .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Presiden Ram Nath Kovind tweeted :
Absolutely thrilled by the stupendous achievement of our young cricketers . Congratulations to them on winning the Under-19 World Cup . This triumph makes every Indian extremely proud . — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) February 3 , 2018
Congrats to India 's talented young cricket team for winning the Under-19 World Cup . Calmness and composure of our boys embellishes their skills . Proud of captain @ Shaw_Prithvi and their mates , as well as of coach Rahul Dravid and the hard-working support staff # PresidentKovind — President of India ( @ rashtrapatibhvn ) February 3 , 2018
Congress chief Rahul Gandhi called the victorious boys 'new generation of cricket stars ' :
Congratulations Team India on your resounding U 19 Cricket World Cups win ! India takes great pride in the success of its new generation of cricket stars . # U19CWCFinal pic.twitter.com/DHUaYzhxjL — Office of RG ( @ OfficeOfRG ) February 3 , 2018
Maharashtra Chief Minister also tweeted :
Congratulations to the Indian cricket team , captain Prithvi Shaw & coach Rahul Dravid on winning the # U19CWC . Our boys outplayed the opponents by exhibiting great determination and wonderful cricketing skills . The # BoysInBlue have made the country proud again . — Rajnath Singh ( @ rajnathsingh ) February 3 , 2018
Congratulations to the Indian team for winning the U-19 World Cup cricket . Keep winning . Specially proud of Ishan Porel for their performance in the semi final/ final — Mamata Banerjee ( @ MamataOfficial ) February 3 , 2018
India Under-19 cricket team lifted their fourth World Cup trophy on Saturday afternoon , after an astounding eight-wicket victory over Australia . The match took place at the Bay Oval ground in Mount Maunganui . Manjot Kalra scored a century .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . - One person was killed and another was injured after a car crash in Kansas City , Missouri .
Police responded to an accident near 9th and Brooklyn around 2 a.m. Monday morning .
According to authorities , a speeding car hopped a curb and knocked over power lines before slamming into a building .
The passenger was killed on impact and the driver was transported to the hospital in critical condition . No one inside the car was wearing a seatbelt , police say .
KCPD AIU working a fatal crash near 9th & Brooklyn around 3am . Passenger is dead , driver critical . Neither were wearing seatbelts . pic.twitter.com/WGXGVnJnPo — Jason Gould ( @ OvernightPhotog ) January 2 , 2017
-- -- -- -
Follow 41 Action News on Twitter :
Follow @ 41ActionNews
Like 41 Action News on Facebook :
From Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority 's perspective , there 's no confusion about development on provincially significant wetlands .
It 's prohibited — period .
But in light of concerns that a $ 1.5-billion development proposed for Niagara Falls could be in jeopardy , the organization 's chairperson Sandy Annunziata posted a statement on the NPCA website on Monday , clarifying the role the organization plays regarding the development of provincially significant wetlands .
“ The Provincial Policy Statement is unequivocal in its interpretation , ‘ development and site alteration shall not be permitted in significant wetlands , ' ” Annunziata wrote in the statement . “ On behalf of our mandate to further conservation , restoration , development and management of the watershed , we will not compromise our efforts to comply with current policies and legislation . ”
In an interview Tuesday , Annunziata said they felt it was necessary to post the statement after Regional Chairman Alan Caslin sent a letter to Premier Kathleen Wynne advocating on behalf of a development proposed by Chinese firm GR Investments .
The developer is planning a mixture of residential , commercial , retail and entertainment uses on about 193.6 hectares of property , west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club .
The project could be in jeopardy because a provincially significant wetland covers about 95.5 hectares of that property .
Caslin said the intent of their Jan. 20 letter was to ask that the provincial government fix “ the conflicts in their own policies — nothing more , nothing less . ”
They were referring to conflicts between the province 's pro-development initiatives such as the Gateway Economic Zone designation for Niagara , and legislation regarding provincially significant wetlands that can hinder development .
Annunziata said Caslin was doing their job by sending that letter .
“ It 's their job to advocate in their best capacity on behalf of residents , ” as well as small business , developers , investors and lower-tier municipalities .
“ There are a lot of voices that need their advocacy , and I do n't have a problem with Alan doing what they have been entrusted to do , which is basically to echo the concerns of our lower-tier municipalities , ” Annunziata said .
“ But people tend to conflate a lot of these issues , and that 's why I thought it was important to come out with a clear statement about what the NPCA is about , what we do and what we 're going to continue to do . That is not an indictment at all of what ( Caslin ) has to do in their capacity , but we have to make that distinction that we 're going to follow provincial policy . ”
They said Caslin “ rightly put the question to where it belongs ” by sending the letter directly to Wynne , rather than to NPCA .
“ The province crafts policy . The province is responsible for the legislation , we as an agency of the province at the NPCA , simply follow that . ”
Caslin said they have recently discussed the issues with Annunziata , and he 's “ totally on-board with Sandy in that the wetlands do need to be protected . ”
“ I 'm an environmentalist myself , ” they said , referring to past environment-related projects they have been involved with . “ This is something that 's consistent with what I 'm doing in Niagara , as well . I know developers do need to work with the provincial act and make sure they 're compliant . ”
Annunziata said their statement on the NPCA website was also an effort to address “ misconceptions in the community that the NPCA board can somehow steer the process , or make it up as they go along . ”
“ That 's not the case , ” they said .
Caslin said they hope that by the time regional council considers the developer 's proposal “ there are no roadblocks and that we have clear direction from the province as to what we need to do . ”
“ The province has to go through their process to make sure that any conflicts that do exist are eradicated , so that developers when they 're coming with $ 1.5 billion in their hand that they comply with the processes , and in no respect would I ever promote that anybody go around the existing act or any of the processes the province has in place , ” they said .
Caslin said Wynne has shown support for the development in the past , including a trip to China to promote it .
“ I like their approach , and I 'd love to rally behind them but in terms of their own policies I need them straight first so that I can make sure I 'm supporting the project in the right manner , ” they said .
ABenner @ postmedia.com
The promise of driverless vehicles is one step closer to becoming a reality with an RTD demonstration at the Pepsi Center parking lot this Wednesday . The 12-passenger vehicle comes to Denver in partnership with Transdev , a Chicago based transit operation company that owns Yellow Cab .
Transdev has been a partner with RTD since 2005 and operates 125 of the agency 's fixed-route buses . The pair has decided to test a potential autonomous shuttle as a way of exploring the option in Denver . However , that does not mean you 'll spot these driverless vehicles on the open road anytime soon .
“ While we do n't have plans now to purchase these vehicles , it 's always useful to examine new ways of getting around and consider how agencies can work together to meet the mobility needs of our growing region , ” explained RTD CEO and general manager Dave Genova .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
The demonstration will take place at the Prius North parking lot at the Pepsi Center from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m . The vehicle , designed by French company EasyMile , will max out at 12 miles per hour so do n't expect joy ride thrills . However , the pod shaped vehicle will likely be different from any other driving experience you may have had . There will be no steering wheel , no dedicated front or back and no operator . Rather the hybrid sensors , object detection and an additional standalone collision-avoidance features will guide the shuttle around the lot . Fleet management software will allow for remote and real-time monitoring and control .
RTD and Transdev are not the first to test driverless cars in Colorado . In fact , several companies like GM and Uber have shown interest in bringing autonomous vehicles to Denver since Governor John Hickenlooper signed legislation in June that allows the testing of autonomous vehicles in Colorado .
But while they are not the first to do a test , inviting the public to test autonomous vehicles is still a relatively new idea .
“ I 'm optimistic that once the public has a chance to experience this new technology firsthand , they will realize how it can be used as a viable transit solution to supplement traditional bus services in the foreseeable future , ” said Dick Alexander , executive vice president of Transdev North America . “ One thing is certain : They will never forget the first time they rode on a driverless vehicle . ”
Transdev is also hoping to launch these shuttles to operate on the open road in Normday and the Parisian suburbs of France . But the exact timeline is still yet to be determined .
>
Initial findings from a multi-national open-label phase Ib study of inhibitory drug therapy for relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia ( AML ) have demonstrated a complete response in up to 50 percent patients say researchers at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center .
The patients , age 60 years or older , received therapy with venetoclax in combination with cobimetinib or idasanutlin . The clinical trial followed patients who received therapy for a prior blood disease and who were not eligible for cytotoxic therapy .
Preliminary results from the ongoing dose-escalation study , which demonstrated that the combination therapies can be safely administered with minimal side effects , were presented Dec. 11 at the American Society of Hematology 's ( ASH ) Annual Meeting & Exposition Dec. 8-12 in Atlanta . The trial is headed by Marina Konopleva , M.D. , Ph.D. and Michael Andreeff , M.D , Ph.D. , both professors of Leukemia , and Naval Daver , M.D. , associate professor of Leukemia .
`` This is the first clinical study evaluating new oral combinations with venetoclax in AML patients , '' said Konopleva . `` This is significant as effective treatment options for patients with relapsed and/or refractory AML are limited . ''
Venetoclax , which inhibits the B-cell lymphoma protein ( BCL-2 ) that makes cancer cells resistant to therapy , was previously FDA-approved for treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( CLL ) . Idasanutlin is an investigational drug targeting a protein called MDM2 which impacts the tumor suppressor gene p53 , while cobimetinib targets a protein known as MEK within the cancer cell and is FDA-approved for treatment of advanced melanoma with BRAF mutation .
Andreeff and Konopleva also led the pre-clinical investigation resulting in the clinical trial . Findings from that research were published in the Dec. 11 online issue of Cancer Cell . The pre-clinical research demonstrated unprecedented in vivo activity , as well as a new molecular mechanism explaining how the inhibitor drugs impact MDM2 which is tied to regulation of p53 , and BCL2 - both linked to cell death .
Pre-clinical data also showed that venetoclax plus cobimetinib or idasanutlin may be synergistic . MEK and MDM2 inhibition have been shown to down-regulate a protein in the BCL-2 family , MCL-1 , overcoming the major resistance mechanism to BCL-2 inhibition in AML .
`` We demonstrated that p53 activation overcomes the resistance to BCL-2 inhibition by promoting MCl-1 degradation and overcoming cell death response by altering cellular response , '' said Andreeff . `` These findings laid the foundation for the development of the current combination clinical trial for AML , bringing together different investigations in my group that extended over 15 years . ''
Dose escalation is being used in the clinical trial to establish the maximum tolerated dose for each drug combination in elderly patient with relapsed AML , an area of unmet need , according to Daver .
`` The best response rates , up to 50 percent in relapsed AML , were seen for the combination of venetoclax and idasanutlin , in line with the preclinical data , '' they said . `` However , these results will require confirmation in larger patient groups . ''
# # #
MD Anderson participants in the pre-clinical study included Ronquing Peng , Ph.D. , Vivian Ruvolo , Hong Mu , M.D. , Ph.D. and Konopleva , all Leukemia . Other organizations included AbbVie , Inc. , North Chicago , Ill. ; Roche Pharmaceutical Research & Early Development , Basel , Switzerland ; Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School , Boston .
Other participating institutions in the clinical trial included the University of Colorado , Denver ; Princess Margaret Cancer Centre , Toronto ; H ? pital Saint-Louis , Paris ; University of Alberta , Edmonton , Canada ; Paoli-Calmette Cancer Center , Marseille , France ; University of Bologna , Italy ; University of Southern California , Los Angeles ; Weill Cornell Medical College , New York ; Dana-Farber Cancer Institute , Boston ; Bordeaux Haute-Leveque University Hospital , Pessac , France ; Genentech , Inc. , South San Francisco , Calif. ; and Roche Pharmaceutical Research & Early Development , New York .
The preclinical research study was funded by the National Institutes of Health ( CA55164 and CA016672 ) . Genentech Roche funded the Phase Ib clinical trial
HARTFORD , Conn. ( AP ) - Lawyers for a Connecticut city where a teenage girl was stabbed to death at their high school are asking a state judge to end a wrongful death lawsuit by the student 's mother , saying school officials should not be held liable for the killing .
Attorneys for Milford and the city 's schools filed the request in Superior Court earlier this month in the case involving 16-year-old Maren Sanchez .
Sanchez was killed at Jonathan Law High School by fellow student Christopher Plaskon on April , 25 , 2014 . Police alleged Plaskon was upset Sanchez rejected their prom invitation - a claim disputed by their lawyer . They pleaded no contest to murder and is serving a 25-year prison sentence .
In November 2013 , Sanchez told their guidance counselor that Plaskon had threatened to kill himself , and they worried they might be a danger to themselves or others , the lawsuit says .
The lawsuit , filed by Donna Cimarelli-Sanchez two years ago , alleges school counselors failed to fully follow rules , procedures and state law after hearing Sanchez 's concerns .
Counselors did not report those concerns to school administrators or state child welfare officials as required , did not send Plaskon to the school nurse for an evaluation and did not create a safety plan for theirs being in school , the lawsuit alleges . School officials also are accused of failing to prevent Plaskon from bringing a knife into school .
The motion filed April 6 by Milford 's lawyers , James Tallberg and Patrick Allen , includes the city 's most detailed responses to the allegations to date . It says there was never any indication that Plaskon was at risk to harm others .
After Sanchez relayed their concerns , their guidance counselor called Plaskon 's father , who said there were no previous indications that their son would harm themselves and that they already are in counseling for possible depression , the motion says . Plaskon 's parents immediately made an appointment for them with their therapist , who concluded they are n't at risk for harming himself , the city 's lawyers said .
Christopher Plaskon 's guidance counselor and a school social worker also evaluated them before allowing them to return to classes , and they assured them they were not suicidal , the motion says .
The city 's lawyers say school officials took immediate action , but acknowlege they may not have fully followed the school 's suicide policy .
`` No doubt all of them ( school officials ) would have acted to their own risk and harm to prevent it if they had seen any signs of what was coming . But there were no signs , '' Tallberg and Allen wrote . `` Governing law and the facts of this tragic case establish that legal responsibility for the injuries and death of Maren Sanchez must not reach beyond Chris Plaskon himself . ''
David Golub , a lawyer for Cimarelli-Sanchez , said they will submit a detailed response to the city 's motion next month .
`` The town is trying to avoid this case on a technical basis , '' Golub said . `` We think this case should be decided , and will be decided , on the evidence . ''
Cimarelli-Sanchez also sued Christopher Plaskon and their parents in the same lawsuit . Plaskon and their parents settled for $ 1.6 million .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
More than 2,300 complaints of animal cruelty in Cambridgeshire were investigated by the RSPCA last year – with the charity warning officers are “ stretched to the limit ” .
The RSPCA investigated a total of 2,387 concerns about animal cruelty in the county during 2017 , with six new complaints being looked into by local inspectors every day .
The animal charity states that the statistics make Cambridgeshire the fifth cruellest county in the South East – behind London , Kent , Essex and Norfolk .
The statistics come after the News revealed the number of people being found guilty of animal cruelty in Cambridgeshire dropped to its lowest number in six years .
Cases investigated by the RSPCA in Cambridgeshire over the last year have included :
A puppy that died after sick owners abandoned its mother on a Cambridgeshire doorstep as they gave birth .
The pregnant dog was rushed to a vet for an emergency caesarean after they were found in St Neots Road , Abbotsley .
Two poorly foals which were dumped in a muddy field just hours from death .
The RSPCA received an anonymous call to a field off Station Road in Longstanton to two abandoned ponies - one of which had collapsed .
Eight-month-old piebald Pancake was close to death and needed intensive , round-the-clock care .
Six-month-old black-coloured filly Poppet , while also anaemic and in extremely poor condition due to parasites .
A heartwarming video ( below ) shows the ponies being nursed back to health by dedicated RSPCA officers and staff at Cambridge Equine Hospital .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A man who was jailed for failing to get treatment for their dog 's fractured leg .
Tommy Wall , 57 , of Pine Lane , Smithy Fen , Cottenham appeared at Huntingdon Magistrates ' Court and was found guilty by a district judge of causing unnecessary suffering to their dog , Patch .
The court heard they had failed to ensure the dog received appropriate veterinary care for a fractured leg between the period of May 2 and 10 , 2017 .
'Our officers are still stretched to the limits '
The most calls received in Cambridgeshire were related to dogs ( 1,296 ) , followed by cats ( 533 ) and then horses ( 412 ) .
Jayne Bashford , the RSPCA 's chief inspector who covers Cambridgeshire said : `` Our officers are still stretched to the limits as we try to help all the suffering , sick and dying animals in our county .
“ Even though I have been with the RSPCA for a very long time now , I am still shocked and saddened by the awful incidents of cruelty which our officers are dealing with day in and day out .
“ The job of an RSPCA officer can be tough and emotionally very draining , but being able to rescue an animal from horrific neglect or brutal cruelty , and know they are going to be given a second chance thanks to the tireless work of our staff and volunteers , is the reason we keep doing it .
“ The work of the RSPCA family helps to transform the lives of thousands of animals in Cambridgeshire each year and we are so grateful to the public who report cruelty to us and continue to support our vital work . ”
The statistics have been released as part of the charity 's annual cruelty statistics , which show that nationally , 141,760 complaints about animal welfare were investigated in 2017 .
Cambridgeshire ranked 22nd in the 47 counties nationally which has the most animal cruelty complaints .
The highest number of complaints investigated were in Greater London ( 11,259 ) , followed by Greater Manchester ( 7,472 ) and then West Yorkshire ( 6,969 ) .
Across England and Wales , 388 new cases of animal cruelty were investigated every day .
If you are concerned about an animal 's welfare , you can report this to the RSPCA 's cruelty line on 0300 1234 999 .
To help the RSPCA continue rescuing , rehabilitating and rehoming animals in desperate need of care , visit www.rspca.org.uk/suffering
'Horses frequently abandoned and left to die '
This year , the RSPCA is focusing on the plight of horses as animal rescuers and welfare charities struggle to cope with an ongoing equine crisis .
The charity 's cruelty statistics reveal that nationally , nearly 1,000 horses were rescued by the charity from cruelty , suffering and neglect last year ( 2017 ) , and a staggering 928 horses are still in the charity 's care .
In Cambridgeshire in 2017 , the RSPCA received 412 complaints about 253 horses and officers collected 22 horses in the county last year , compared to 16 in 2016 .
The national horse crisis , which charities first highlighted in 2012 , has since seen RSPCA officers routinely called out to abandoned horses every day up and down the country , with many of them extremely sick , dead or dying .
The RSPCA 's equine crisis The RSPCA 's latest figures show the horrifying impact of the crisis : The charity 's 24-hour emergency line received more than 80 calls a day about horses in 2017
The charity took in the highest number of horses into its care for four years ( 980 )
The charity currently has 928 horses in its care
Last year the RSPCA secured 25 per cent more convictions for equine offences than two years ago
It costs the RSPCA more than £3m per year to care for the horses , excluding veterinary costs
Many of the incidents dealt with by RSPCA nationally throughout 2017 concerned horses , and other equines
The animal welfare charity is highlighting the significant consequences of the ongoing horse crisis .
Despite the efforts of the RSPCA and other equine welfare organisations , the crisis shows no sign of easing , with the charity struggling to find stables and funding to keep the large number of horses it has had to take in .
As soon as one horse is rehomed , another is waiting to immediately fill the stable and , as a consequence , the majority of horses taken in by the RSPCA have to be cared for in private boarding stables at further cost to the charity .
The RSPCA 's inspectorate national equine co-ordinator Christine McNeil said : “ Up and down England and Wales , horses are being found sick , dying or sometimes dead .
“ It is frequently the case that they have been abandoned and left to die . This is upsettingly very common and it 's a massive issue - a very sad one at that .
“ We are constantly receiving calls to our cruelty line - on average 80 per day about horses alone across England and Wales - as well as messages every day on social media from very concerned and upset people asking for our help . ”
By The Associated Press
CASA GRANDE , Ariz. ( AP ) — The Latest on a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande , Arizona . ( all times local ) :
3:50 p.m .
The mother of one of the suspects in a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande , Arizona , says they feel shock , horror and dismay .
Mary Lou Rodriguez said in a written statement that they are the mother of Alec Javier Perez , one of two suspects held in the slaying of four people Thursday in the southern Arizona city .
Rodriguez says they love their son but does not condone or accept violent behavior . Rodriguez expressed condolences to the victims ' loved ones .
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder .
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates , 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera , 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor .
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez .
____
2:21 p.m .
Casa Grande police have identified the two suspects arrested and the victims in a quadruple killing attributed to domestic violence , saying that one of the victims was the estranged wife of one of the suspects .
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder .
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates , 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera , 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor .
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez .
Police say the case has been submitted to the Pinal County Attorney 's Office for review .
A police department spokesperson , Officer Thomas Anderson , says they do n't know whether the suspects have attorneys who could comment on the allegations .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Before they were picked up , life was no vacay for the stray named Lady Guadalupe . This is not a floating the Guadalupe River situation , y'all !
This Lady G was in serious need .
`` Lady Guadalupe was heart worm positive , so we really needed to be able to pull her , '' Dallas Pets Alive ! Marketing Director Haley Edman said . `` It 's really hard to try to get heart worm positive dogs adopted out through the shelter system . ''
Oh top of that , Lady G may have been a mommy .
`` She looked like they recently had puppies , but they did n't have any with her , '' Edman said .
Them come up started with a Christmas miracle .
`` We pulled Lady Guadalupe on Christmas day , so they actually could be able to spend their holidays with a family , '' Edman said .
That 's when they put their star on display .
`` She sits on command , '' Edman said . `` She loves their treats and plays with them toys . ''
Speaking of those toys , they 're kind of a big deal .
`` Lady Guadalupe loves squeaky toys , so the louder the better , '' Edman laughed . `` You can play fetch with them She 's gon na tear up that toy . They want to get to that squeaker . ''
There 's one thing more important , though , than a squeaky ball of fluff . Your love is the real good stuff .
`` She 's a very affectionate dog . They like to cuddle , '' Edman said . `` What they like to do too is she 'll run in circles and burrow right up next to you just so they can be as close to their humans as possible . ''
Lady G 's new family , we know you 're close . Just float on down that Guadalupe and get you your own Guadalupe !
Are you interested in helping Dallas Pets Alive ! adopting or fostering an animal ? Check out : dallaspetsalive.org
While all those clothes , shoes and bags you bought over the years have likely limited your chances of becoming a homeowner , it has certainly helped many in the fashion industry to continue climbing up the property ladder , snapping up impressive mansions in some of the wealthiest parts of the U.S .
Here , WWD takes a look at fashion moguls ' most expensive homes currently on the market across the country .
MAX AZRIA 'S L.A. MEGA-MANSION — $ 88M
Fashion veteran Max Azria and their wife Lubov Azria are selling their Holmby Hills mansion known as Maison Du Soleil for $ 88 million , making it the sixth most expensive home for sale in Los Angeles . ( The highest has a $ 350 million price tag . )
At the same time , the Tunisian fashion designer 's 60-room mansion , which dates back to the Thirties , is also on the market as a rental for a whopping $ 400,000 a month .
Set on three acres , the 30,000-square-foot compound comes with 17 bedrooms , 22 bathrooms , a bathhouse and a 6,000-square-foot movie theatre .
TOM FORD 'S SANTA FE RANCH — $ 75M
Tom Ford 's ranch in Santa Fe , N.M. , which dwarfs Manhattan in size , has been on the market for $ 75 million since last summer .
Cerro Pelon Ranch is set on more than 20,000 acres in the Galisteo Basin and boasts breathtaking views , equestrian facilities as well as an air strip and airplane hangar .
If that 's not enough , there 's an old Western movie town , which has been used for the setting of “ Cowboys and Aliens , ” “ Thor , ” “ All the Pretty Horses ” and “ Wild , Wild West. ” It 's called Silverado Movie Town after the movie for which the set was originally built .
VINCE CAMUTO 'S HAMPTONS MANSION — $ 72M
In addition to their successful multibillion-dollar retail businesses , the late shoe king Vince Camuto was also known for their passion for renovating big mansions with their wife Louise Camuto — and their sprawling Hamptons address was no exception .
They bought the 15-acre estate called Villa Maria in Water Mill , N.Y. , in 2005 and carried out a six-year renovation project on the one-time convent .
Camuto died in 2015 and Swedish-born Louise , who is now chief creative officer of the Camuto Group , is trying to sell it for $ 72 million .
SERGE AZRIA 'S BEL-AIR HOME — $ 35M
Max Azria 's brother , Serge Azria , has also been busy in the multimillion-dollar real estate world . The creative force behind Joie , Equipment and Current/Elliott is selling their seven-bedroom Bel-Air , Calif. , mansion for $ 35 million .
Designed by famed architect Paul Williams and later updated by its previous owner and serial property flipper Sandy Gallin , the private gated estate , for which Azria paid $ 21 million around six years ago , comes with a library , media room , gym , guest house and an infinity pool that is a third the size of a football field .
GUCCI SISTERS ' FIFTH AVENUE PENTHOUSE — $ 35M
While the name Gucci is synonymous with Florence and Milan , the colorful Italian fashion family has actually owned an opulent eight-bedroom penthouse atop Manhattan 's Olympic tower for decades .
It 's now in the ownership of sisters Alessandra and Allegra Gucci who have been trying to sell it since 2015 — originally for a whopping $ 45 million , which has since been cut to $ 35 million .
The duplex apartment , which is on the 50th and 51st floors , has views of Rockefeller Center and St. Patrick 's Cathedral , while the Empire State Building can be seen from multiple rooms .
REED KRAKOFF 'S LASATA — $ 35M
Reed Krakoff , Tiffany & Co. 's chief artistic officer , is still trying to sell their sprawling East Hampton Village mansion , Lasata , which was once Jackie Kennedy Onassis ' childhood summer home .
It 's been on the market since September with no takers , prompting the former creative director of Coach to reduce the asking price of the 100-year-old house by $ 4 million to just a touch under $ 35 million .
The East Hampton Village mansion on Further Lane is perhaps most well-known for being the Bouvier family 's summer home during the Twenties and Thirties . It was where the future first lady spent their childhood vacations until around the age of 12 .
VINCE CAMUTO 'S GREENWICH CHATEAU — $ 25M
Louise Camuto , widow of the late shoe king Vince Camuto , is also trying to sell their sprawling Greenwich , Conn. , French chateau-style home . Nine West cofounder Vince Camuto bought the 16,301-square-foot , early 20th century estate , known as Chateau Ridge , in the mid-Eighties .
They told Harper 's Bazaar in 2011 that the house was virtually a wreck when they bought it , so they set about restoring it , filling it with their collection of 17th- and 18th-century art .
And the results of the renovations of the opulent 11-bedroom , 17-bathroom estate certainly wo n't disappoint fans of French-inspired architecture — if the listing pictures are anything to go by . The mansion is surrounded by not one but two mazes to look like chateaux in France , while inside there is a hall of mirrored closets modeled on the Palace of Versailles .
TAMARA MELLON 'S UPPER EAST SIDE PENTHOUSE — $ 25M
Jimmy Choo cofounder Tamara Mellon is still trying sell their Upper East Side penthouse that they first listed in the summer of 2014 with a $ 34 million price tag .
The former British Vogue accessories editor , who set up the famous shoe company with designer Jimmy Choo in 1996 , has since reduced that to $ 25 million , but so far that hefty price reduction has failed to entice buyers .
The 7,000-square-foot penthouse , which comes with an impressive roof terrace and a large shoe closet that would make Carrie Bradshaw jealous , is on the top of The Grand Carhart building at 3 East 95th Street .
PETER KORAL 'S MALIBU BEACH HOUSE — $ 20M
Peter Koral , cofounder of Seven For All Mankind , is looking for a buyer for their $ 20 million Malibu beach house , which they are also advertising for rent for $ 150,000 a month this summer .
The jeans entrepreneur , who sold Seven For All Mankind to VF Corp. for $ 775 million in 2007 , has been trying to sell their home on Broad Beach Road since March 2015 when it had a near $ 25 million price tag .
The six-bedroom Cape Cod-style house , which comes with a distinctive red copper roof , has impressive coastline views from nearly every room . If that 's not enough , three-bedroom suites on the lower level open out to an infinity pool and spa just above the sand .
SERGE AZRIA 'S TRIBECA PENTHOUSE — $ 17.3M
While the likes of Harry Styles , Jake Gyllenhaal , Rebel Wilson and Meg Ryan are moving into 443 Greenwich Street — Manhattan 's most celebrity-filled condominium — Serge Azria is moving out .
They paid $ 14.3 million for it in February , but is flipping the three bedroom , 3,471-square-foot duplex apartment for $ 17.3 million .
The posh penthouse comes with its own private elevator entrance to both floors and a rooftop terrace complete with an outdoor kitchen . It appears to have been an investment property as they never actually lived in it .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United still have plenty to be proud of heading into the new year despite seeing two points slip away at the death against Leyton Orient , according to Leon Legge .
The U 's were all set to make it six straight Sky Bet League Two victories thanks to Harrison Dunk 's 21st-minute effort at the Matchroom Stadium .
However , O 's substitute Ollie Palmer struck in the fourth minute of added time to ensure it finished 1-1 .
But captain Legge felt United had to take the positives from the contest as they aim to start 2017 on a high at home to Notts County today .
“ It was a bitter blow but we 're on a good unbeaten run at the moment and that 's a positive we can take from it , ” said Legge .
“ We felt we were the better team and just needed that killer goal . We 've finished 2016 on a high , taking 16 points from 18 in the last six games , so there 's still a lot to shout about .
“ H ( Dunk ) had another opportunity where they just hit the bar and I think it 's a completely different game if they score that one .
“ I felt we produced a lot more chances than they did , we just could n't get that extra goal .
“ A point away is n't a bad result , although we felt it was two points dropped . Hopefully we 'll make the points up in the season .
“ We 'll go again against Notts County and hopefully get three points at home . ”
There were jubilant celebrations from the Orient players when Palmer levelled matters .
And centre-back Legge believes that shows how seriously the U 's are being taken by the rest of League Two .
“ We 're one of the form teams at the moment in the league and have got ourselves in a very good position , so a lot of teams in this league are starting to take notice of us , ” said Legge .
“ When you become a sort of marked team then a lot more teams have a game plan against you , but we 're hoping to stay up there .
“ We said in the changing room that the way they celebrated after scoring against us shows how far we 've come this season – they were celebrating like they 'd won the game .
“ I have ambitions of promotion , but everyone 's taking it a game at a time . We 're not shouting about it or anything like that . ”
Meanwhile , Max Clark 's loan spell from Hull City has been extended until the end of the season .
SPACE INVASION : Natalia Vodianova will close out London Fashion Week on Feb. 20 with another Fabulous Fund Fair charity event , this time with an intergalactic space theme . The annual event , in aid of Vodianova 's Naked Heart Foundation children 's charity , will take place at The Roundhouse , a music and concert venue in Chalk Farm .
Some 500 tickets will be available for purchase with a suggested donation of 1,000 pounds each and guests will take part in games with a space-themed twist such as hook-a-duck , skittles and bowling to win prizes from brands including Guerlain , By Kilian and Maxx Royal Resorts .
Last year 's event , which also took place at the Roundhouse , raised more than 470,000 pounds and offered games such as Louis Vuitton 's Aeroplane Toss , Net-a-duck by Net-a-porter , Stella McCartney 's Arcade Games , Tarot Reading by Fendi , Dior 's Lucky Star , Givenchy 's Catapult , Pair-a-Pair with Giuseppe Zanotti , Pearl Pit by Guerlain and Maxx Royal Resorts ' Coconut Shy and One & Only 's Cocktail Bar .
In October , Vodianova teamed with amfAR and hosted a fund fair in the U.S. that brought in nearly $ 2 million in support of both the Naked Heart Foundation and amfAR .
“ I love that this fabulous event highlights how important fun and games are to the human experience , right across the spectrum , and what a vital unifier laughter is for everyone regardless of ability or circumstance , ” Vodianova said .
MACKAY 'S Daily Mercury has escalated the ongoing meme war between itself and The Chronicle .
Yesterday the masthead posted a list of 10 reasons it thought Mackay was better than Toowoomba .
A fact check by The Chronicle team reveals that list to be full of inaccuracies and falsehoods about the Garden City .
While some of the points made by the Mackay team were correct , we could n't help but think some of them were more positive than they were making out :
1 . It 's not Toowoomba - CORRECT
Mackay is not Toowoomba , that is a pretty obvious point . Their article also referred to the Garden City as the 'Woombie ' . When asked , no one in the newsroom had ever heard of Toowoomba referred to as that .
2 . The weather - PARTIALLY CORRECT
The Daily Mercury then made the point that Toowoomba winters are cooler than Mackay 's . That is correct , Mackay is in the tropics so naturally , it is going to be warmer all year round . Because they are in the tropics they are more prone to cyclones ( whereas we are n't in Toowoomba ) . We 'd rather sit around the fireplace on a chilly winter evening reading a good book than have to deal with a cyclone .
3 . Recycled Water - SO WHAT ! ?
The paper said Toowoomba was 'loopy ' for even considering drinking recycled water . By making that point they are discrediting years of scientific research that states the water is safe to drink . Discrediting science is not surprising given the region is home to one of Australia 's most prominent climate change deniers .
4 . The hustle and bustle - FIGURES CORRECT BUT CONCLUSION WRONG
The Daily Mercury points out Toowoomba is Australia 's 16th largest city and has doubled in size in the past 50 years . This is correct , but is that a bad thing ? There is plenty to do in Toowoomba on days off , from exploring our beautiful and immaculately maintained parks and gardens to trying out many of the new cafes and exploring our laneways filled with street art . The hustle and bustle of Toowoomba make it a great place to live .
5 . There is nowhere to fish - WRONG
From Lake Cooby to Lake Cressbrook , Lake Perseverance and a number of dams and weirs , there are plenty of places to take the boat and go fishing . We also have some beautiful swimming holes at places like Crows Nest National Park where you can take a dip without the fear of being eaten by a crocodile , shark or stung by a box jellyfish .
6 . Toowoomba is the racism capital of Australia - WRONG
Yes , Toowoomba is home to some people that are racist , but so is every town in Australia . Mackay has hosted a number of rallies by far-right racist group Reclaim Australia and their local politicians have also been known to make controversial statements about people of the Islamic faith .
According to Multicultural Development Australia CEO Kerrin Benson Toowoomba has welcomed a large number of refugees and migrants from all backgrounds and faiths .
`` The larger numbers we are now settling here in Toowoomba has given you a national profile in how welcoming you are , '' Ms Benson said last month .
7 . Drugs and Crime - WRONG
The Mackay masthead pointed out there were 15,000 criminal offenses in Mackay in the past year and 20,000 in Toowoomba . These statistics do n't take into account the population of each city , with Toowoomba 's population double that of Mackay 's .
In the Sugar City there were 0.2 criminal offenses per person in the past year , while in Toowoomba that figure was only 0.12 . The crime rate is worse in Mackay .
8 . It 's a bit close to Brisbane - CORRECT
Yes we are close to Brisbane , but we 're also close to the beautiful beaches of the Gold Coast , to the Stanthorpe wine region and so much more . What 's Mackay close to ? Nothing .
9 . Toowoomba does n't have footy - WRONG
We have heaps of footy . We might not have a team in the Intrust Super Cup , but we have hosted a full NRL game between the St George Illawarra Dragons and Gold Coast Titans , which attracted a crowd into the tens of thousands . We also have a strong local league competition , with footy alive and strong in the Darling Downs . We also host the Toowoomba International Tennis Tournament , the Queensland PGA championship and a number of other large sporting events .
10 . There 's no one famous from Toowoomba - WRONG
Toowoomba is only the place where one of Australia 's most famous actors hails from . Geoffrey Rush was born in the Garden City and spent their formative years here and has come back dozens of times since .
We are also home to the man who just won the most prestigious racing event in the world . Last month Will Power won the Indy500 and Toowoomba turned out to celebrate their win .
Other notable people that hail from Toowoomba include Sonia Kruger , Tim Horan , Shane Webcke , Nikkie Hudson , Steve Price , Meshel Laurie and north Queensland icon Johnathan Thurston himself .
VERDICT : Mackay 's Daily Mercury was wrong about Toowoomba . It is a great place to live for many reasons , but simply because it is n't Mackay .
This is why the Qantas Training Academy should be built in Toowoomba . Contributed
The meme war started after Toowoomba Mayor Paul Antonio took a shot at Mackay over their proposal for a Qantas Pilot Training Academy , saying Toowoomba 's proposal was better .
`` I know ( Mackay Mayor Greg Williamson ) and respect them highly , '' Mr Antonio said .
`` But on this particular subject ... I really think that when you look at things , have a look at Toowoomba , then have a look at Mackay .
`` I 'll rest my case there . ''
If the project were to approved for Mackay , it would probably have to go through a lengthy legal process anyway , as greenies would likely launch action against any project that was approved
We could get a lot done in 15 minutes !
Q : Half of us do THIS in less than 15 minutes per day . What is it ?
No , it 's not got ready for work or go to the bathroom ! !
A : Eat lunch !
According to a new report Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market , published by KBV research , the Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market size is expected to reach $ 16.1 billion by 2023 , rising at a market growth of 35.7 % CAGR during the forecast period .
The North America market holds the largest market share in Global BFSI Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market by Region in 2016 and would continue to be a dominant market till 2023 ; growing at a CAGR of 32 % during the forecast period . The Europe market is expected to witness a CAGR of 33.2 % during ( 2017 – 2023 ) in Global Retail & Ecommerce Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market . Additionally , The Asia Pacific market is expected to witness a CAGR of 40.3 % during ( 2017 – 2023 ) in Global Automotive Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market .
The KBV Cardinal Matrix is a visual representation about the key players in the industry . The matrix is designed considering the major strategic developments including Mergers & Acquisitions , product launches , partnership among others and the financial strength of the company in the considered years . The major strategies followed by the market participants are Product launches and Partnerships & Collaborations .
KBV Cardinal Matrix – Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market
intelligent-virtual-assistant-market-size
The Automatic Speech Recognition market holds the largest market share in Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market by Technology in 2016 and would continue to be a dominant market till 2023 . The Text to Speech market would garner market size of $ 5,645.4 million by 2023.Source : KBV Research Analysis , Company Publications and Secondary Research
The market research report has exhaustive quantitative insights providing a clear picture of the market potential in various segments across the globe with country wise analysis in each discussed region . The key impacting factors of the Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market have been discussed in the report with the competition analysis and elaborated company profiles of Oracle Corporation , Nuance Communications , Inc. , Microsoft Corporation , Inbenta Technologies , Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. , Apple , Inc. , IBM Corporation , Intel Corporation , Google , Inc. , and Amazon.com , Inc. ( Amazon Web Services )
Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market Size Segmentation
By Technology
Text to Speech
Automatic Speech Recognition
By Vertical
BFSI
Retail & Ecommerce
Automotive
Healthcare
Others
By Geography
North America Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
US Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Canada Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Mexico Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Rest of Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Europe Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Germany Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
UK Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
France Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Russia Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Spain Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Italy Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Rest of Europe Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Asia Pacific Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
China Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Japan Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
India Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
South Korea Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Singapore Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Malaysia Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Rest of Asia Pacific Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
LAMEA Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Brazil Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Argentina Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
UAE Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Saudi Arabia Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
South Africa Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Nigeria Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Rest of LAMEA Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Companies Profiled
Oracle Corporation
Nuance Communications , Inc .
Microsoft Corporation
Inbenta Technologies
Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd .
Apple , Inc .
IBM Corporation
Intel Corporation
Google , Inc .
Amazon.com , Inc. ( Amazon Web Services )
Unique Offerings from KBV Research
Exhaustive coverage of Global Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market
Highest number of market tables and figures
Subscription based model available
Guaranteed best price
Assured post sales research support with 10 % customization free
Related Reports :
North America Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market ( 2017-2023 )
Europe Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market ( 2017-2023 )
Asia Pacific Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market ( 2017-2023 )
LAMEA Intelligent Virtual Assistant ( IVA ) Market ( 2017-2023 )
Provided to YouTube by Universal Music Group North America
Meeting On Termini 's Corner · Roland Kirk
Rahsaan : The Complete Mercury Recordings Of Roland Kirk
℗ 1962 The Verve Music Group , a Division of UMG Recordings , Inc .
Released on : 1990-01-01
Producer : Jack Tracy
Piano : Andrew Hill
Double Bass : Vernon Martin
Drums : Henry Duncan
Author , Composer : Roland Kirk
Music Publisher : Unichappell Music , Inc .
Auto-generated by YouTube .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Part of what makes the summer months in Nantwich so special and distinctive are the Summer Lunchtime Concert Series at St Mary 's Church .
Starting on June 7 and running every Thursday until August 2nd there will be a concert of classical music taking place in the church between 12.30 -1.15pm .
Admission is free so that everyone - residents and visitors alike - can enjoy the experience of first-class chamber music in the incomparable surrounds of the splendid church .
This year 's programme aims to showcase a different instrument in each concert and features harp , organ , violin , piano , bassoon and trombone . The Nantwich Singers will perform a recital of light music on June 14 and Peter Edge , ( baritone ) , will sing again on July 12 .
Kathryn Stott will perform an evening recital on June 21 as part of their 60th birthday UK tour .
Kathryn is an internationally acclaimed pianist and in order for them to appear in Nantwich , tickets are available at £15 from the Church shop , on sale at the earlier lunchtime concerts and on the door .
The lunchtime concerts are free but donations are welcome .
For more information on the concerts , contact summerlunchtimeconcerts @ outlook.com
( AP ) — Travis Air Force Base northeast of San Francisco is locked down due to what the base calls a security incident .
The base issued a security alert shortly after 3:30 p.m. Wednesday asking people to shelter in place and to lock doors and windows .
Marie Lowe , a civilian who answered the phone at the base 's public affairs office , says details are sketchy and officials are investigating because they do n't know exactly what is going on .
Base officials asked on Facebook for the public to stay away to ensure emergency responders can do their work .
The lockdown comes on the same day that the base had been conducting security lockdown exercises , but officials say the incident is real and not part of the drill .
HIGHLIGHTS Coach Alain Vigneault shows signs of adjusting the offense for Game 4
Veteran defenseman Nick Holden and rookie forward Pavel Buchnevich arrived on far different paths to this critical juncture in the Rangers ' season .
Holden , an Alberta native , played 214 games for the Avalanche and won the admiration of four-time Stanley Cup-winning goalie and Colorado general manager Patrick Roy .
Buchnevich , who turned 22 Monday , came to North America last summer , stayed with a family in Connecticut , made the club out of training camp and had 13 points in their first 13 games . But they developed back problems in November that sidelined them for 26 games , and the young Russian has yet to appear in an NHL playoff game .
Holden has played in nine postseason games : seven with the Avalanche and in the first two games against the Canadiens before being scratched for Game 3 , which the Rangers lost , 3-1 .
Neither has been part of the deep playoff runs by the Rangers in recent years . However , both players have a common trait : They can contribute offensively , which the Rangers will need in the biggest home game of the season Tuesday night . The Canadiens lead the best-of-seven first-round playoff series 2-1 , and another loss would put the Rangers ' ship in dire straits .
After producing 87 points in 158 games in four KHL seasons , Buchnevich , a third-round draft pick in 2013 , had eight goals and 20 points in 41 games .
Holden , acquired for a fourth-round draft pick last June , led all Rangers defensemen with 11 goals — three on the power play — and added 23 assists for 34 points in 80 games . All were career highs .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ We 're going to make a few adjustments and play a lot better than we did [ Sunday ] , ” coach Alain Vigneault said . They did n't declare their intentions , but the signs were there .
Holden was paired with Marc Staal in practice at the Garden on Monday , and Kevin Klein , who replaced Holden in Sunday 's game , was with spare Steven Kampfer . Buchnevich rotated with Tanner Glass on a top-two line with Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider .
Glass brings energy and a physical element , but Buchnevich is more of a scoring threat and can be deployed on the power play , which is 0-for-10 against the Canadiens .
“ He 's [ Buchnevich ] done a really good job , ” fellow rookie Jimmy Vesey said . “ It 's not easy coming to North America . There 's the language barrier , he 's been in the lineup , out of the lineup . I think the biggest thing is he 's got a good attitude , he 's been very personable , fun to be around . With their broken English , their translation of things is pretty funny . I 'd be happy for them to get in the lineup , how hard he 's worked . They have the ability to make plays , very skilled and talented offensively . We struggled to score goals last game . I think on the power play they could definitely help us out . ”
What defenseman Brady Skjei likes about Holden is their all-around game . “ He 's a steady player and has a good shot from the point , obviously , '' Skjei said . “ He 's got 11 goals this year , which is a lot for a defenseman . They make the simple play , he 's strong , big , skates well . You need all those aspects to be a good defenseman in this league . I think they had a really good season . He 's a nice guy , not a rah-rah guy in the room , but everyone respects him ; when they say something , you listen . He 's been around a while and he 's been good to all the young guys , me , Vesey , Buch . ”
Vigneault declined to explain how they reached the decision to scratch Holden for Game 3 , although the defenseman broke their stick and was out of position on Tomas Plekanec 's goal that tied Game 2 with 17.3 seconds remaining .
“ I still do like their game , ” Vigneault said . “ I think he 's dependable , a good , steady defenseman who can move the puck when the pressure is on . Like any player in any year , they have good moments and some other moments might be a little more challenging . If they play tomorrow , I 'm going to expect them to be good . ''
NEW DELHI : Congress offices burst into celebrations in the national capital and the states as news of Rahul Gandhi 's elevation poured in on Monday afternoon .
The party offices were decorated with flowers and “ rangolis ” even as the Congress members distributed sweets and played loud music .
In Delhi , the party workers took to the streets to celebrate Rahul Gandhi 's promotion . The party workers were seen smeared with colours of holi as they took out a procession outside the Congress headquarters here . Sweets were also distributed to people on the streets amid chants of Rahul 'jai ho ' .
The Congress workers later performed a “ havan ” outside the main party office to pray for their welbeing and success in their new role as party president .
In Uttarakhand , processions and celebratory songs burst out outside the party office in the state capital Dehradun . The Congress workers were seen taking out a procession and chanting for their leader Rahul Gandhi . Some have also applied different colours on their faces to celebrate the occassion .
Rahul Gandhi was on Monday elected unopposed as the Party President . They became the sixth person to hold the post in the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty .
Senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said , “ Entire country has lots of expectations from Rahul Gandhi . Much before they were elected they have shown their mettle . They know their responsibility .
“ He has shown their mettle in Gujarat . The entire BJP including the PM himself , 80 ministers are sitting there for a month but are still unable to counter him , ” Azad said .
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week .
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness . It was full of unadulterated nonsense .
`` Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario . '' Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way . Some commitment .
The minister goes on to say the government spends $ 1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils . So what ? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive . It 's the density thing .
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education , the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated .
Thanks very much , but what about the schools that have been closed ?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings .
Hunter : `` We continue to see Patrick Brown 's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board 's ability to prioritize student needs .
`` He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen 's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations . ''
However , Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry 's making . Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department .
Under those models , local boards close schools or lose money . The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen 's Park if they do n't get on the school closing bandwagon .
Of course , this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018 . Hunter 's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women 's Christian Temperance Union meeting .
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry 's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help .
Private industry is in involved . Local government is involved . A developer is involved .
Neither Hunter 's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open , even though the case for closing them was weak at best .
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced . Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday .
No reason for the visit has been announced , but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town .
jmerriam @ bmts.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's common knowledge that using your phone while in the driver 's seat is both illegal and dangerous , but motorists have been warned that there are certain circumstances where they can be fined for doing the same in the passenger 's seat .
As reported by the Nottingham Post , you do n't need to be driving to be legally responsible for the vehicle . Instructing a learner , for example , will mean road laws that apply to you ensure you ca n't look at your phone .
Download the Cambridge News app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app here .
If you do , you could face a punishment fine of up to £200 and six penalty points - and this applies to both professionals and friends/family teaching an individual to drive .
Neil Greig , IAM RoadSmart director of policy and research , said : `` Supervising a learner actually puts you in the driving seat so legally you must treat it in the same way as if you were behind the wheel .
`` Learning to drive is stressful enough without a passenger beside you who is more worried about posting than parking . ''
Certain road laws will , however , not apply to the instructor while supervising a learner . For example , if the learner breaks the speed limit , it will be their licence that receives the fine and penalty points and not the instructor .
LOS ANGELES ( CBSLA ) — Two women who say they were sexually assaulted by actor Steven Seagal are set to discuss their allegations Monday .
A press conference was held at the law offices of Lisa Bloom , the attorney representing Regina Simons and Faviola Daddick .
Prosecutors with the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office last month said they were looking into sexual assault allegations against the “ Hard To Kill ” actor .
Actress Regina Simons recently told talk show host Megyn Kelly that Seagal raped them in 1993 while they were an extra on the film “ On Deadly Ground ” , but it was n't clear whether the case being investigated involves Simons .
Simons is among several women who have accused Seagal of sexual assault over the years , including Jenny McCarthy , Portia de Rossi and Rae Dawn Chong .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DAVID MCKEOWN/STAFF PHOTO Schuylkill Haven Councilman Jerry Bowman talks Tuesday about where they plan on planting a memorial tree on Parkway in Schuylkill Haven . DAVID MCKEOWN/STAFF PHOTO Schuylkill Haven Councilman Jerry Bowman , left , and Ellen Smith , with the local Frontier Girls troop who pitched the idea to Schuylkill Haven Borough Council , talk Tuesday about where they plan on planting a memorial tree on Parkway in Schuylkill Haven . They have also discusses surrounding the tree with bricks featuring the names local veterans , Smith said .
PORT CARBON — In the past few weeks , the borough has been sending letters warning trash bill delinquents to pay up .
At the council 's February meeting Tuesday , borough solicitor William Burke said more than 30 were sent since the start of the year .
“ The balance of the sanitation collection letters went out and they gave a deadline of March 10 , 2017 , which gives them about 20 days to pay the balance , or else suffer the possibility of service termination , ” Burke told the council .
“ You got quite a bit in , ” council President Ray Steranko said , referring to responses received from the batch of letters sent out in January .
“ We did OK. From the first batch of letters , I think we had a third respond to pull themselves out of delinquency . And some of the accounts were bigger ones . So we did fairly well with that , ” Burke said .
“ OK . Good , ” Steranko said .
The borough is prepared to deal with delinquents who do n't pay .
To collect unpaid bills , the borough may file liens against properties or cut garbage service to delinquents who do n't pay , Burke said .
“ You want to coordinate with the police department as to cessation of service . I 'm not sure what Waste Management 's procedures are , but I think they said they ca n't have a council member with them . They have to have a police officer with them to say what homes should n't be serviced . It gives you plenty of time , three weeks to coordinate , ” Burke told the council .
“ We can change the schedule around . We can work that out , ” Mayor Charles R. “ Chuck ” Joy said .
“ And there 's been plenty of time for the folks to make a response . So there ca n't be any complaint of foul play . This has been going on for a couple months and this is the second letter and it gives another three weeks . So , if someone does suffer termination of service , they certainly sat on it long enough , ” Burke said .
On Tuesday night , Burke was not sure exactly how many warnings were mailed out this year .
“ The first batch , I 'd say there were about 30 . The second batch , 20 . I would suspect that maybe half will respond , hopefully . If not , then it 's going to be rough medicine for not paying your bill , ” Burke said .
When Google announced about the Project Treble , OnePlus gave an open statement , saying that it is impossible to include Treble support via OTA update , as it requires a storage partition ( vendor partition ) , which could hard brick the smartphone . And now , according to the OnePlus Forum , the OnePlus 5 and the OnePlus 5T will receive support for Project Treble , which enables seamless software update on any smartphone .
This means , that the OnePlus 5 and the OnePlus 5T will be in the first phase of smartphones to receive Android P update in the future . In fact , the OnePlus 6 already supports Android P beta program from Google .
Project Treble is already in the beta testing on the OnePlus 5 and the OnePlus 5T . Users can install the same by visiting the OnePlus Forum . However , we do not recommend installing a beta software on your main device , as it is likely to have bugs , which could trouble your day-to-day tasks . Also , note that there will be no visible changes after installing the beta OS with Project Treble capability .
If you still want to try it out , then install Open Beta 13 on the OnePlus 5T and Open Beta 11 on the OnePlus 5 smartphone . Head over the OnePlus Download center to download and install the update on these smartphones .
Changelog on the Open Beta 13 and 11 for the OnePlus 5T and the OnePlus 5 , respectively .
System
A brand-new user interface
Supported accent color ( Settings - Display - Customization )
Supported for Project Treble
Launcher
Improved search tags in the app drawer
Added `` New installs '' category tag in the app drawer
Improved app list for hidden space and toolbox
Phone
Optimized logic for the contacts page
Weather
Brand-new design with improved user experience
All forecasts integrated under a single interface leading to a fully immersive experience
Via
RAMALLAH : Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a “ son of a dog ” because of their support for Israeli settlers in the occupied West Bank .
Abbas , speaking at a Palestinian leadership gathering , also blamed Hamas for a bomb attack last week on the convoy of Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah in Gaza , remarks that threatened reconciliation efforts with the Islamist group .
The Palestinian leader accused Ambassador David Friedman of defending Israeli settlers in the West Bank by saying that they were building on “ their land ” . The slur drew rebukes from the diplomat and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
In an angry tone , Abbas said : “ The son of dog says they build on their land ? They are a settler , and their family are settlers , and they are the U.S. ambassador in Tel Aviv . What should we expect from him ? ”
Friedman , a strong supporter of Israel 's settler movement , was an early and enthusiastic advocate of U.S. President Donald Trump 's Dec. 6 decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital and to move the U.S. embassy there .
Friedman responded during a speech in Jerusalem to a conference on combating global anti-Semitism , saying : “ His response was to refer to me as son of a dog . Anti-Semitism or political discourse ? Not for me to judge , I leave that all up to you . ”
U.S. Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt issued a statement calling Abbas ' comment “ highly inappropriate. ” They said the Palestinian leader needed “ to choose between hateful rhetoric and concrete and practical efforts to improve the quality of life of their people . ”
Trump 's announcement on Jerusalem delighted the Israeli government but infuriated Palestinians , who have staged regular protests since then .
Israel regards Jerusalem as its eternal and indivisible capital , although that is not recognised internationally . Palestinians feel equally strongly , saying that East Jerusalem must be the capital of a future Palestinian state .
Peace talks aimed at finding a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict have stalled , while Israeli settlement expansion has continued .
Netanyahu said Trump 's decisions on Jerusalem appeared to have brought Abbas to the point of making a verbal attacks on a U.S. official .
“ For the first time in decades , the U.S. administration has stopped spoiling the Palestinian leaders and tells them : enough is enough , ” Netanyahu said on Twitter . “ Apparently the shock of the truth has caused them to lose it . ”
BLAME FOR BOMBING
Addressing the rancor between Hamas and Fatah , Abbas said there had been “ zero ” progress in reconciliation , citing efforts to bring a power-sharing deal to bear on the crossings out of the Gaza Strip and on security within the enclave .
Relations have grown even worse since Hamdallah and Palestinian security chief Majid Faraj 's convoy was attacked by a roadside bomb in the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip on March 13 . They were uninjured .
“ We congratulate the two big brothers ( Hamdallah and Faraj ) that they are safe after the sinful and despicable attack that was carried out against them by the Hamas movement in the Gaza Strip , ” Abbas said .
They offered no evidence of Hamas ' involvement but said they did not trust Hamas to investigate the incident honestly .
“ We do not want investigation from them , we do not want information from them and we do not want anything from them because we know exactly that they , the Hamas movement , were the ones who committed this incident , ” they said .
Abbas said Hamas would have to give up control of Gaza or risk taking full responsibility for the enclave and its two million residents without any help from their Western-backed Palestinian Authority .
“ In my capacity as the president of the Palestinian people I have tolerated much in order to regain unity and unite the homeland and I was met with rejection by Hamas and their illegitimate authority , ” they said .
Hamas called their comments irresponsible and said they aimed to “ burn bridges and reinforce divisions. ” The group has previously denied involvement in the bombing .
Fatah and Hamas have tried for years to come to accommodation over running the Gaza Strip , but have repeatedly failed to implement deals mainly brokered by Egypt . —Reuters
× Swimming Outdoors in October
TOBYHANNA TOWNSHIP — It 's not a sight you normally see here in Pennsylvania in October — people splashing around poolside , soaking up the sun .
But it 's exactly what people were doing at Kalahari Resort near Mount Pocono on this warm October day .
“ We had the opportunity to come up . So we took the ride , watched the foliage , and I love the water so here I am still enjoying some summer , ” said Bonnie McDaniels , Swoyersville .
Managers at the resort tell Newswatch 16 , as long as the temperature is above 65 degrees , the outdoor pools will remain open .
With temperatures nearing 80 degrees this Columbus Day weekend , these pools will be open for business .
“ We keep our outdoor pools open as long as we possibly can . This year , I hope we go all the way into Thanksgiving and open them up every single weekend , ” said Don Pleau , Kalahari General Manager .
With the rainy summer we had this year , you can bet people here are not complaining about the extra warm weather . In fact , some hope it sticks around for quite a while .
Bonnie McDaniels from Swoyersville says they do n't mind the less than fall-like weather , especially when they have a place to cool off .
“ I ca n't ask for anything more . We just closed our pool maybe two weeks ago because it was so nice . Now I get some extra time in the pool so I am really enjoying this , ” said McDaniels .
The group from Lehigh Valley was n't expecting to be splashing around outside .
“ Yeah , I was surprised that the outdoor was open . I did n't think it was going to open this weekend , it 's kind of exciting and my family wanted to see it , ” said Rebecca Szarawarski , Coopersburg .
For information on the resort , including ticket prices , click here .
SHAWNEE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Shawnee County are investigating the theft of rifle and asking for help to identify the suspect .
On Monday , deputies released security camera images in an effort to identify the suspect , according to the Shawnee County Sheriff 's Department .
They are wanted for the theft of a Firingline CTMR 7.62×39 rifle .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Det . Myers at 785-251-2262 or ryan.myers @ snco.us
No one would be forced to accept the birth control assistance . And , for those who object on moral or religious grounds to their tax money funding contraception for someone else , well , there are a lot of us who object , on moral and religious grounds , to capital punishment , the National Guard , subsidies to meat production and oil drilling , undermining the preservation of public lands and , while we are on the subject of health , the state 's cold-hearted rejection of full Medicaid expansion under Obamacare .
Scroll for more content ...
Trump administration officials and members of Congress addressed some of the nation 's hottest political issues on the Sunday morning shows this week , talking about the Trump administration 's plan to denuclearize North Korea , the White House 's strategy to nominate a new Supreme Court justice , and calls to abolish US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) .
North Korean denuclearization
On CBS 's `` Face the Nation , '' White House national security adviser John Bolton said North Korea 's nuclear arsenal could be dismantled in a year if Pyongyang cooperates , adding that the program would require `` full disclosure of all [ of North Korea 's ] chemical and biological , nuclear programs , ballistic missile sites . '' They also disclosed that the plan has not been put into action yet .
Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins on CNN 's `` State of the Union '' reacted to a Washington Post report that North Korea is working on concealing nuclear weapons : `` This is a very troubling report . There 's no doubt about it . And North Korea has a long history of cheating on agreements that it 's made with previous administrations . ... But there 's no doubt that , in order to achieve that goal , we need verifiable , unimpeded , reliable inspections . And without those inspections , we can have no guarantee that North Korea is not cheating once again . ''
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told NBC 's `` Meet the Press '' that if the Post report was true `` nobody should be surprised . '' They added that if officials in Pyongyang `` play Trump like they 've played everybody else , they 're going to regret it . ''
Supreme Court vacancy
After Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced last week that they would retire soon , the Trump administration signaled an eagerness to get a nominee confirmed to the court before the upcoming midterm elections .
Collins also told `` State of the Union '' that they are not comfortable with President Donald Trump 's list of 25 potential Supreme Court nominees . `` Now , some of the people on the list , I have not vetted at all at this point . One of them , I voted against years ago . And I would have to do a great deal more work on many of them . ''
Graham on `` Meet the Press '' called Trump 's list of 25 judges `` highly qualified . They challenged concerns that a new Supreme Court justice appointed by Trump would lead to the overturning of Roe v. Wade . `` You do n't overturn precedent unless there 's a good reason , '' they said . They also said he 'd like a justice who is `` conservative , not crazy . ''
Both Democratic Sens . Tammy Duckworth of Illinois on `` State of the Union '' and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota on ABC 's `` This Week '' agreed that the nomination should be delayed until after midterm elections in four months .
One concern for some senators , Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Washington , said , is being edged out by voting against the Supreme Court nominee . They told `` Meet the Press '' : `` My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that this vote could be one of the key votes of their entire career . ... If they vote for somebody who 's going to change precedent , it could be a career-ending move . ''
Some Democrats , including Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin and Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal , say the clearance of the judicial short list through the Federalist Society precludes them from Democratic support . Durbin told `` Fox News Sunday '' that the Federalist Society is `` looking for someone on the court who will make sure that they rule that the Affordable Care Act 's protection of those with pre-existing conditions is unconstitutional . '' Blumenthal said on `` Face the Nation '' that the organizations doing the vetting made it a condition that the nominee `` commit to rolling back protections for health insurance . ''
Calls to abolish ICE
Over the weekend , several Democratic lawmakers joined protests across the country calling to abolish ICE .
Duckworth , on `` State of the Union , '' relayed that they do not support calls from some Democrats to abolish ICE : `` If you abolish ICE as it is , as an executive agency , it reflects the policies of the White House , of the President . You abolish ICE now , you still have the President with the same failed policies . Whatever you replace it with is just going to still reflect what this President wants to do . ''
Klobuchar on `` This Week '' expressed similar sentiments : `` I think what has to change are the policies , and the people that are making these policies are making horrendous decisions like separating kids from their parents . We are always going to need immigration enforcement . ''
Does teleworking increase productivity at your office ? Does it cut down on pollution and traffic jams ?
Is there a downside ? Does it hurt communication and collaboration ? And what about the bottom line : What impact does teleworking have on the customers ?
Teleworking will be the subject of our Your Turn radio show , featuring Federal News Radio digital editors and writers David Thornton and Terry Wing .
Also on today 's show , new Thrift Savings Plan investors are missing out as about 20,000 military personnel have opted in to TSP 's blended retirement plan . They get an automatic 1 percent government contribution but , because they are not contributing any money of their own , they are missing out on getting an additional government match of up to 4 percent . Federal News Radio reporter Nicole Ogrysko joins host Mike Causey to talk about it .
Your Turn airs at 10 a.m. EDT at www.federalnewsradio.com or on 1500 AM in the D.C. metro area .
Makerspaces , like any other facility or business , can be struck with disaster . Something like a flood or a fire can totally wipe out all of the available tools and leave the space completely unable to function . Sadly , since most makerspaces operate on a very thin margin , or even simply on donations , this also leaves them in a position where they are unable to rebuild by themselves . Trying to quickly outfit a makerspace from scratch in order to support your existing community can be nearly impossible , especially if the local community was hit just as hard .
As readers of Make : , you may be wondering if there is a way to help after these disasters . Luckily , platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo have turned out to be the perfect way to get help from the global maker community for local recovery .
If you want to help makers recover in the wake of disaster , you should probably keep your eyes on crowdfunding sites regularly , but especially after major events like hurricanes . Right now there are at least two makerspaces that are attempting to recover after they experienced major loss . They could use your assistance . There are probably more out there as well .
The Zone , a makerspace in Cairo , caught fire three weeks ago and unfortunately all the tools were destroyed . This is an important local hub where students can gain hands-on experience , and where the maker community can gather . They 've launched an Indiegogo to ask for donations to help rebuild the space .
Hurricane Irma hit a lot of people hard . Treasure Coast Makerspace is located in Port Saint Lucie , and had to shut their doors and place all of their equipment in storage . They 've launched a Kickstarter to ask for help getting back on their feet .
These may be the only two that I was able to find on crowdfunding sites , but you may locate more on local channels . Feel free to let us know about more in the comments .
Welcome back to The Cambridge News live blog this afternoon where we will be bringing you all the latest traffic and travel updates for Cambridgeshire .
See below for the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads , including the A14 , M11 and A10 , that might affect your route home from work .
Delays and cancellations on the trains , affecting commuters heading into and out of London , and across Cambridgeshire , will also be updated in the blog .
For the latest news visit http : //www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/ .
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time .
We 're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News .
San Francisco : Signalling Apple ` s plans to reduce dependency on external Cloud services , the company ` s executive Eric Billingsley , who was in charge of operating infrastructure for iCloud services , including the iCloud Drive document storage service , has left the company .
Billingsley ` s old team now reports to engineering vice president Patrice Gautier , CNBC reported citing industry sources late Friday .
Billingsley ` s group relied to a degree on external public Cloud providers like Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) and Microsoft Azure to handle the computing needs of iCloud services .
Data centre infrastructure in the past had been `` a bit of a problem child '' , a source was quoted as saying .
Patrick Gates , another executive who reports to Gautier and runs infrastructure for some services including Siri , has been `` righting the ship '' , the source added .
A major AWS outage in February had impacted Apple Music , iCloud services and iTunes among other services .
Billingsley , who had earlier worked with eBay and Google joined Apple in 2013 . Their exit could signal Apple ` s plans to depend less on external Cloud services and more on its own data centre infrastructure as part of its `` Project McQueen '' .
A man accused of committing sex crimes with an 8-year-old girl appeared in Grand Court today .
The 56-year-old man is accused of engaging in various sexual acts with their partner 's daughter . The court has ordered the media not to name the man or the complaint in the case in order to protect the girl 's identity .
The man pleaded not guilty to the charges last month . Today ( Feb 14 ) their attorneys entered a “ No Case ” submission and said there 's a lack of credible witnesses .
It 's expected Justice Charles Quinn will decide tomorrow ( Feb 15 ) if the submission will be accepted .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
As a top network solution provider , Huawei LTE Gateways are an important series of wireless products for home or office networking . Huawei B593 is the world 's first 4G LTE WiFi routers with Ethernet port ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/4g-wireless-router.html ) and the new competitors are continuously presented to the public by Huawei in following years . Huawei E5186 wireless router is one of them . If you want to change the 3G router or ADSL connection to Huawei 4G Gateway , you may ask : what 's the difference between the Huawei B593 and Huawei E5186 ? Which one is better in performance ? In this article , we will review the appearance , interfaces , specs and variant models to provide possible answers for you .
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Router Appearance and Interface
The Huawei 4G Router B593 ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/huawei-b593-4g-lte-cpe-industrial-wireless-router.html ) and E5186 are both the 4G WiFi router with Ethernet ports in traditional router shape . On the front of Huawei B593 LTE CPE , there are some indicators for Power , WLAN , WPS , Telephone , Mode , and Signal . On the Huawei E5186 , it indicates Power , Mode , WiFi , Voice , and Signal . Of course , Huawei logo is with the indicators . On the back , they both have two connectors for an external antenna . The connector type is SMA . They can use the same 4G LTE External Antenna ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/4g-antenna.html ) .
On the back , there is also a line of interfaces , including 4G LAN port ( one for WAN/LAN ) , two telephone port , one USB 2.0 port and power plug port . On the Huawei E5186 , there is a power button to switch on or off the power . Huawei B593 power button is at the side of the SIM card slot . The Huawei E5186 SIM card slot is also at the body side with the WPS and WIFI button . Huawei E5186 uses Micro SIM card while the first generation LTE router B593 uses standard SIM card .
Huawei B593 VS E5186 Specs and variant models
From the specs , we ca n't see much difference between the two Huawei routers . Actually , as the upgraded version of Huawei B593 , Huawei E5186 almost followed the design of Huawei B593 and has just little adjustment . To meet the different LTE frequency bands worldwide , Huawei had assigned many variant models for LTE CPE B593 , such as B593u-12 , B593s-22 , B593s-82 , B593u-91 , B593s-850 , B593s-601 , B593s-516 , B595s-931 etc… Huawei E5186 also has two variant models : E5186s-22a and E5186s-61a . You can check details specs of the variant models on the product page . And below the table shows the details specs of Huawei E5186 and Huawei B593 Router for reference :
Model : Huawei E5186
Product type : LTE WiFi Router
Category : LTE Cat.6
Chipset : HiSilicon LTE Cat6 Chipset
Data rates : DL 300Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands :
Huawei E5186s-22a : Band 1/3/7/8/20/38
Huawei E5186s-61a : Band 3/7/28/40
WLAN : 802.11a/b/g/n/ac , dual-band 2.4GHz & 5GHz
Max supported users : 64 users
MIMO : 2 x 2 MIMO
Connector for external antenna : Two , SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna : Huawei E5186 external antenna
App management : Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size : Micro SIM
Battery : NO
Dimensions : 190 mm × 200 mm × 32 mm
Interfaces :
* 3 x LAN port ( 45 )
* 1 x LAN/WAN port ( 45 )
* 2 x telephone port ( RJ11 )
* Two external LTE antenna ports ( SMA-J1.5 )
* One micro-SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet : Huawei E5186 Datasheet ( PDF )
User Manual : Huawei E5186 User Manual
Other features : Firewall , CS Voice , VoIP , TR069 Remote Management , HTTP Online Upgrade , QoS , USB Share , UPnP , IPV6 , DLNA , Fax , Print , VPN
Firmware download : Huawei E5186 firmware
Driver : Huawei E5186 driver
Reviews : Huawei E5186 Review ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-lte-cat6-wireless-gateway-review/ )
Price/USD : 259.00USD
———————————-
Model : Huawei B593
Product type : LTE WiFi Router
Category : LTE Cat.3
Chipset : Qualcomm MDM9200
Data rates : DL 100Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands :
* B593u-12 : Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-22 : Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-82 : Band 38/40
* B593s-601 : Band 3/7/40
* B593s-516 : LTE FDD Band 2/4/5/7/8
WLAN : 802.11b/g/n , dual-band 2.4GHz
Max supported users : 32 users
MIMO : n/a
Connector for external antenna : Two , SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna : Huawei B593 External Antenna
App management : Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size : Stand SIM
Battery : NO
Dimensions : 190 mm x 35 mm x 176 mm
Interfaces :
* 3 x LAN port ( 45 )
* 1 x LAN/WAN port ( 45 )
* 2 x telephone port ( RJ11 )
* Two external LTE antenna ports ( SMA-J1.5 )
* One stand SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet : LTE CPE B593 Datasheet
User Manual : LTE CPE B593 Manual
Other features : DHCP , Firewall , URL filter , LAN MAC filter , IP Filter , DMZ , Port forwarding
Firmware download : Huawei B593 Firmware
Driver : Huawei B593 Driver
Reviews : Huawei B593 Router Review ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-b593s-22-4g-lte-router-review/ )
Price/USD : 189.00USD
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Speed Test
If you want to know the real speed performance of the two router , check the Huawei E5186s-22 vs Huawei B593u-12 speed test :
[ embed ] https : //youtu.be/qUHrShcHQvI [ /embed ]
Summary
From the specs table , we can see the Huawei E5186 is more advanced which could support up to 300Mbps download speed thanks to LTE Cat.6 with 2 x 2 MIMO and carrier aggregation technology . The speed is almost three times faster than the speeds of Huawei B593 router . The interfaces features are very similar in the two Huawei LTE Router with Ethernet ports . Huawei E5186 WiFi router could support maximum of up to 64 users , which is the double quantity of that on Huawei B593 router . So if you want to buy a fast 4G router , the Huawei E5186 would be the right one .
The advantage of Huawei B593 router is that it has many variant models for more LTE frequency bands , if you are looking for a router for specific bands , you may find one in LTE B593 variant models . And the Huawei B593 price is much cheaper than the price when it 's first available in the market . And it 's also much cheaper than Huawei E5186 price . If you do n't have enough budgets for Huawei LTE CPE E5186 ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/huawei-e5186-4g-cat6-802-11ac-lte-cpe.html ) , then Huawei B593 would provide 4G speed for your internet access .
Souring from https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-vs-lte-cpe-b593/
Chowchilla , CA…The next race is set for this Sunday at Chowchilla Speedway . Promoter Joe Diaz Jr. has booked a four division show that will include the A Modifieds , B Modifieds , Hobby Stocks and 600 Micro Sprints . Furthermore , Diaz has announced a new eight race summer schedule . It will also include dates on May 7th and 21st , June 4th and 18th and July 2nd , 16th and 30th , and these will be the four divisions scheduled for those Sunday events .
Two weeks ago , the A Modifieds and Hobby Stocks were thrilling the crowd with some exciting finishes . Bruce “ Bubba ” Nelson made a late pass on fourth generation racer Ryan Porter to take the victory in the A Modified feature . Porter just beat past Chowchilla champion Randy Brown back to the line to place second . Nelson has also won in B Modifieds and Hobby Stocks in their career and is a two time Merced Hobby Stock champion . In fact , they won a pair of Hobby Stock races at Chowchilla in 2015 . Brown , meanwhile , hails from Chowchilla and is the reigning champion at Merced Speedway .
Brown was n't the only Chowchilla resident battling for victory last time out . Kodie Dean came within a straightaway of winning the Hobby Stock feature last time . They were passed in the final turn by Placerville champion Nick Baldwin . Dean settled for second ahead of Merced champion Michael Shearer . However , the son of former Chowchilla racer Tim Dean returned to Merced Speedway last week and won that Main Event . Dean and fellow Chowchilla resident Austin Van Hoff are both anticipated on Sunday . Austin had a Top 5 run going last time until a flat tire ended that effort .
The last time out , 2015 champion Fred Ryland raced to the B Modified feature victory ahead of Keith Brown Jr. and Anthony Giuliani . The field also included Mark Condell , who was the only driver competing that day who competed at Chowchilla Speedway when the gates opened back in 2000 . Three newcomers have been at both races this year . Jack Aguiar finished fifth last time out . Teen racers Gavin Espino and Kaylin Lopez did n't do as well . However , Gavin , who 's father Paul Espino also races B Modifieds , finished third in the first race this year .
In addition to the three popular classes , the track has been trying to establish a Micro Sprint division . Danny Carroll won the first race ahead of Koen Shaw , but it was Shaw winning the most recent race ahead of newcomer Tyler Boyd . The Shaws , Koen and Kyler , both race Winged Sprint Cars as well . We have n't seen Kyler in a Micro Sprint yet , but Gloria Shaw finished third last time out and Brandon Shaw was third at the opener . This is an opportunity for the class to run on a bigger track than the one-fifth mile ovals they usually run on .
The four division show offers racing fans some excitement on a Sunday afternoon . Gates open at 11:00 AM with the first race starting after practice laps at around 1:00 PM . Grandstand admission is $ 10.00 for adults , $ 7.00 for seniors and military , $ 5.00 for children 6-12 and under 6 free . For further information , go to www.chowtown58.wixsite.com/chowchillaspeedway .
Ammo Grrrll is not themselves a vicim of GENDER DYSPHORIA or “ GIRLS ” GONE STUPID . They write :
I will not be commenting – except indirectly further on – on the monstrous evil in Las Vegas until more facts are known . I am writing this on Tuesday , must submit it for editing on Wednesday , so by the time you are reading this , anything I have to say about Vegas will either be too late and discussed ad infinitum , or too early and since disproven .
I 'm sorry ; there will be nothing funny today . The horror is too recent . Maybe next week . And so , in somber reflection , I will discuss instead some of the cultural landmines that are detonating around us to contribute mightily to such a catastrophe .
I will cite the recent comments of four women . They are acutely embarrassing to my gender , which is probably how righteous men feel when they see cringe-worthy video of a 250-lb man in an elevator slugging their girlfriend with a closed fist .
The first comes from former First Lady Michelle Obama . Weighing in on Hillary 's pity party book signing , they opined that women did not listen to our “ inner voice ” telling us to vote for the candidate with the uterus . Most paranoid schizophrenics set great store by voices . But I guess my inner voice was too busy telling me to vote for the candidate who MIGHT secure the border , protect Israel and preserve both the First and Second Amendments . Hillary was 0-4 on all my issues . Michelle also said that those of us ladies who favored President Trump did so solely because our menfolk told us to . Yup , nailed it ! I have no opinions until Mr. AG tells me what they are . Ask anyone who knows me .
Young Conservative commentator Katie Pavlich dispatched the retired Lunch Lady Scold deftly with one Tweet : “ Does this mean that all women should have voted for Hillary against Obama in the 2008 primaries ? ” # GameOver .
The second woman who disgraced themselves in the last week or so was that moronic librarian who rejected Melania Trump 's gracious gift of many books , including several by Dr. Seuss . They wrote a snotty and condescending – not to mention totally ludicrous – letter to the First Lady rejecting the books because they were – what the hell ELSE in 2017 ? – RAAACIST .
Of course , since “ the Internet is forever ” ( a great new song by Brad Paisley , check it out ) , we quickly saw not only Mrs. Obama reading Racist Dr. Seuss books to children , but the racist librarian themselves dressed up as none other than The Racist Cat in the Racist Hat .
We have sailed into this “ intersectional ” gibberish territory of tribal loyalties and an ever-evolving pecking order of “ Professional Victimhood. ” We have left entirely the traditional safe harbor of “ E Pluribus Unum , ” of love of America , and even of basic MANNERS . In terms of manner , I am old enough to remember a time when a snarky public repudiation of a nice gift would have been considered as bad as telling the President that you would have to “ think it over ” before accepting an invitation to the White House to be congratulated on your sports championship . Mr. Curry , Mr. Kerr , I am so sorry I rooted for you . It wo n't happen again .
Of course , no natural or human-made disaster can occur , no victims be yet cold , without the pudgy potato-shaped little pedophile , Lena Dunham , weighing in . Here is their brilliant analysis of the Las Vegas mass murder : “ No way not to politicize this tragedy . It 's about gender & race as well as access to guns. ” What – no “ homophobia ” ?
Well , yes , there WAS a gender component to the event in Las Vegas . Several self-sacrificing MEN deliberately took bullets for their beloved – and even random – women . Oh , it was a white guy who did it this time , and that makes it about race ? How come you disgusting hypocrites NEVER say it 's about race when it 's a Somali Muslim or a black convert to Islam beheading a white co-worker , or a psychiatrist of color at Ft . Hood or a wretched Muslim mother who just slaughtered the people who threw them a baby shower ? Weird how this guy who did , in fact , kill black people and Hispanic people who were also country music fans , killed mostly other white people . How does that work if you 're a white racist ?
Which brings us to our final Un-American Woman of the Year , the CBS lawyer , now looking for work . Ms. Hayley Geftman-Gold , of Columbia Law School , Tweeted that they were “ not even sympathetic to victims of the Las Vegas shooting because “ country music fans often are Republican. ” I particularly love that “ often. ” Paul Mirengoff has written beautifully about this disgrace and its aftermath and several hundred commenters have added much to the discussion . To VERBALIZE that sentiment was beyond stupid , but what in God 's name would even make them THINK it ?
A dear friend of mine had a severely disturbed teen . Once when I was over at their home , they deigned to arise at the crack of noon and went foraging for food . Finding some chips but no dip , they let loose with a blistering volley of profanity directed at their father . Embarrassed to death , they asked me quietly later what would have happened to me had I said that to my Dad as a teen . I said , “ You mean when I got out of the hospital ? ”
But that was a joke . Daddy only smacked me once in my whole life , which I richly deserved at the time . I explained that it was neither fear of him , nor even respect for him , that would have prevented such a verbal assault on a parent . IT SIMPLY WOULD NEVER HAVE ENTERED MY HEAD ! Sorry about the ALL CAPS , but I think it 's that important !
When a gaggle of prominent Minnesota Democrat women told me after 9/11 that “ America had it coming , ” it began my transition from left to right . When famous people Tweeted that they wished Steve Scalise had died and taken many other Republicans with him , when Ms. Geftman-Gold can say “ go ahead and fire into a crowd of country music fans because most of them are Republican gun-toters , ” then America is truly lost . Those sentiments are the direct result of Alinsky calumny , fifty years of anti-American education , and repulsive identity politics . The refusal of Hillary , Bernie and other politicians to say “ All Lives Matter ” is not just craven kow-towing to the thugs in BLM . They actually do not believe that they do .
Tom Evans speaks to members of the media , outside Liverpool 's Alder Hey Children 's Hospital where their 23-month-old son , Alfie , has been at the centre of a life-support treatment fight , in Liverpool , England , Tuesday April 24 , 2018 . The European Court of Human Rights on Monday rejected a case from British parents who want to take their terminally ill toddler to Italy for treatment instead of allowing a U.K. hospital to remove them from life support . ( Peter Byrne/PA via AP )
Tom Evans speaks to members of the media , outside Liverpool 's Alder Hey Children 's Hospital where their 23-month-old son , Alfie , has been at the centre of a life-support treatment fight , in Liverpool , England , Tuesday April 24 , 2018 . The European Court of Human Rights on Monday rejected a case from British parents who want to take their terminally ill toddler to Italy for treatment instead of allowing a U.K. hospital to remove them from life support . ( Peter Byrne/PA via AP )
LONDON ( AP ) - A British judge heard a new appeal Tuesday from the parents of a terminally ill British toddler who want to take them to Italy for treatment - something British courts have ruled is n't in the child 's interest .
The Christian Legal Centre , which is supporting the parents of 23-month-old Alfie Evans , said lawyers would repeat a request to judge Anthony Hayden to allow the boy to be cared for at the Vatican 's hospital in Rome .
The judge appeared to rule that out at an emergency court hearing in Manchester , but asked whether there might be `` other options '' that involved Alfie 's parents taking their son home . The hearing was adjourned while the hospital considered the question .
Doctors say Alfie is in a `` semi-vegetative state '' as a result of a degenerative neurological condition that medics have been unable to identify precisely . Doctors treating them at Alder Hey Children 's Hospital say they have little brain function and further treatment is futile .
But their parents have refused to accept the decision and fought to prevent Alfie 's life support being switched off .
They were taken off life support Monday after a series of court rulings blocked further medical treatment . Alfie 's father Tom Evans said earlier Tuesday that Alfie survived for six hours with no assistance , and that doctors had subsequently resumed providing oxygen and hydration .
In court , the family 's lawyer , Paul Diamond , read a statement from Tom Evans saying their son was doing `` significantly better '' than previously believed .
Evans , 21 , and Alfie 's mother Kate James , 20 , want to take Alfie to the Vatican 's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital . Doctors at Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool , northwest England , believe that would not be in the boy'ss best interests , and British courts have agreed .
Emotions have run high over the case , with a band of supporters known as `` Alfie 's Army '' protesting regularly outside the hospital . They have blocked roads and on Monday tried to storm a door of the hospital before being pushed back by police .
The case has also drawn the attention of Pope Francis , who during a Sunday blessing in St. Peter 's Square this month offered prayers for Alfie and others who are suffering from serious infirmities . Francis has made appeals for the boy to be kept alive , saying only God can decide who dies .
The head of the Vatican 's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital said the Italian defense ministry had a plane ready to transport Alfie to Italy if they were allowed . In an interview with Italian Radio 24 , Mariella Enoc , who travelled to Liverpool to personally try to intervene on behalf of the parents , said they spoke to the Italian ambassador in London who said the plane could leave with them in a matter of minutes .
On Monday , the Italian foreign ministry announced it had granted Alfie Italian citizenship to facilitate their arrival and transport .
Under British law , it is common for courts to intervene when parents and doctors disagree on the treatment of a child . In such cases , the rights of the child take primacy over the parents ' right to decide what 's best for their offspring
The emotive case recalls the short life of another British child , Charlie Gard , who died of a rare genetic disease in July 2017 after a vicious court battle in which their parents sought treatment first in the U.S. and then Italy .
The case drew interventions from the pope and President Donald Trump , and became a flashpoint for debates on the rights of children and parents , the responsibilities of hospitals and the role of the state .
Alder Hey Hospital said it would n't be offering a running commentary on Alfie 's condition .
`` This is our normal and agreed practice with all our patients , '' the hospital said in a statement .
___
Associated Press writer Nicole Winfield in Rome contributed to this story .
___
A previous version of this story has been corrected to show that the father 's name is Tom , not James .
New Delhi : Indian football 's date with destiny did n't have a fairytale ending , but it still gladdened fans who had come not expecting a win but an unlikely draw or a heartwarming effort . The Delhi crowd did n't get their first two wishes fulfilled but a couple of moments in the match made them skip a beat . Those moments did n't end in leaps of joy but definitely , put a smile on the face of fans who walked back home from the Jawaharlal Nehru ( JLN ) Stadium after India 's U-17 team lost 0-3 defeat against the USA in the country 's first ever FIFA World Cup match .
The stands were not full , but a concerted effort from the government upped the count , many of them being students from Delhi/NCR ( National Capital Region ) . And the crowd did n't make any bones about getting behind the team . From a Mexican wave of more than 45,000 pairs of hands to shouts of `` India ... India '' , the roar and the cheer at times were deafening . Especially when the Indian boy with a blond mohawk - Komal Thatal - ran with the ball on the left flank .
`` Bhaag Bhaag , chhaka isko ( run run , dodge him ) , '' said a dad who brought their kids to watch international football for the first time . The little boy was particularly attracted to Thatal 's golden hair ; it almost made them a fan and then confirmed as one , eight minutes into the second half .
Thatal , chased by defender and facing the converging US 'keeper Justin Garces , tried to chip the ball over the custodian . The crowd rose as the ball neared the post and then sank back into their seats seeing it sail perilously close to the crossbars . A goal would have made it 2-1 and everything to play for .
The Sikkim boy , who shares their hometown with India great Bhaichung Bhutia , shot to fame with their goal against Brazil in the BRICS tournament .
Their family runs a tailoring shop back home and spotted the football prodigy in Komal when they were just a five-year-old toddler kicking everything they figured as a ball .
Some reports suggest Thatal 's skills at the U-17 level are n't going unnoticed , with scouts from English giants Manchester United watching them closely .
Back in the match at JLN Stadium , India threatened more in the second half , looked organised and gave the biggest scare to US goal in the 83rd minute - via Anwar Ali .
The rocket off defender Ali 's foot slammed into horizontal pole . The dad and their two kids had their hands in the air in unison . The boy shouted `` goal '' , only to be explained by the father what happened and how close Ali came to being part of history .
The defender from Jalandhar in Punjab idolises Spain 's Sergio Ramos and had their name on most lips analysing the match descending the staircase from various stands . `` Agar Ali maar deta na goal , match mazedaar ho jata ( had Ali scored , the match would have become interesting ) , '' said one from a group of friends who had come to watch the game .
But the ricochet from Ali 's shot hitting the post led to US counter , at the end of which Andrew Carleton made it 3-0 to put things beyond India 's reach .
The India coach , Luis Norton de Matos rued those two missed chances , but the country had got two new football stars who could be heard more often . Remember the names , Komal Thatal and Anwar Ali .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Magdalene Street epitomises indulgence in Cambridge .
With luxurious views of the River Cam , plus an abundance of restaurants , pubs and bars , the Quayside area is one of the most affluent and well-loved parts of town .
Alongside the variety of eateries and boozers , Magdalene Street is home to a mix of specialist shops and glorious boutiques selling everything from high-end fashion to flowers , technology and pottery .
Slightly off the beaten track when it comes to shopping , the medieval shops on Magdalene Street are some of the best in the city .
( Image : David Johnson )
Beautiful boutiques
Magdalene Street feature some of the best names in contemporary fashion - not least Bowns , a high-end women 's clothing store stocking Vivienne Westwood and Paule Ka designs .
But beautiful European offerings do n't stop there , with Country Traditionals providing Cambridge with the very finest Polish pottery and Kitchenware this side of Kraków .
Whether it 's a trendy teapot or a set of gorgeous plates you 're after , you 're guaranteed to find something you 'll love from this boutique shop .
Merging high-end shopping with innovative technology , Bang and Oulfsen have been providing Cambridge technophiles with premium Danish electronics since the brand was established in 1925 .
B & O aim to offer savvy technology mixed with an attractive design .
Lively boozer
( Image : David Johnson )
Intellectual conversation and good quality booze do n't go amiss at lively city centre boozer The Pickerel Inn .
Owned by Magdalene College the pub is popular among locals , students and tourists .
Steeped in history with a building dating back to the 1500s , this traditional British watering hole is the oldest in the city , and you bet it has some stories to tell .
Fresh flowers
( Image : Warren Gunn )
Tis the season of love , and nothing says romance quite like a bunch of handpicked flowers so if you 're thinking about wooing someone this Valentine 's Day , increase your chances of success by presenting them with some beautiful blooms from The Flower House .
TFH like to focus on creating fresh , seasonal bouquets for whatever life throws at you .
( Image : David Johnson )
These are just a few of the boutique shops which reside in the higgledy-piggledy buildings on Magdalene Street .
There are also shops selling everything from vinyls to bicycles and Vietnamese to Italian cuisine .
I could n't write about this chocolate box street without mentioning the far from run-of-the-mill historical Magdalene College .
Gracing the perimeter of this picturesque and ancient road , each of its red bricks is riddled with history .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app .
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Setting expectations for Baylor in Year One under coach Matt Rhule is complicated .
Baylor is still navigating the fallout of a scandal that led to the firing of coach Art Briles and the departures of an athletic director and school president . There is at least a possibility NCAA sanctions could follow .
The Bears are coming off a troubled 7-6 season under a lame-duck coaching staff , but from 2011-2015 they had four double-digit victory seasons and won two Big 12 titles . The Bears have the resources and infrastructure to remain a Big 12 contender , but it is not given they wo n't backslide to the bad ol ' days .
Theoretically , Rhule will be given some leeway by Baylor fans in 2017 to implement their systems and build their culture . The Bears are not void of talent , and they should benefit from a nonconference schedule that is not overly taxing . Still , it is hard to say what a successful first season at Baylor looks like for Rhule .
They will enter next season as one of the most scrutinized of 21 FBS head coaches starting new jobs .
Six more new head coaches who will get little to no grace period :
Tom Herman , Texas
The Longhorns are coming off three straight losing seasons under Charlie Strong , but there is no talk of rebuilding in Austin . The narrative at Texas is Strong recruited well enough that their successor is taking over a team with enough talent to make a quick turnaround . Considering Herman walked into a similar situation at Houston in 2015 and went 13-1 , good luck trying to temper expectations at Texas .
Major Applewhite , Houston
Houston promoted Herman 's offensive coordinator to keep a good thing going . Herman leaves behind one of the most talented rosters in the American Athletic Conference and a former five-star recruit quarterback in Texas A & M transfer Kyle Allen . Applewhite is a first-time head coach , competing in the toughest division of any Group of Five conference . Still , if the Cougars regress , fingers will point at him .
Charlie Strong , USF
See a trend here ? From Herman to their replacement to their predecessor . Strong has spent most of their professional career in Florida , so they were a natural fit with the Bulls . They inherit a team that went 11-2 last season , finished ranked 19th in the nation and returns one of the best quarterbacks in the country ( Quinton Flowers ) . Anything less than another AAC title run for the Bulls will reflect poorly on Strong , who is trying to prove their struggles at Texas — not their successes at Louisville — were an anomaly .
Lane Kiffin , FAU
The Owls are coming off three straight 3-9 seasons , so there is no reason for high expectations . But you might have noticed that their new coach draws a lot of attention . Kiffin will be more closely followed than any Group of Five coach both for the product FAU puts on the field and how they act off it .
Willie Taggart , Oregon
Oregon just fired a coach ( Mark Helfrich ) two seasons removed from a national title game appearance . Patience is not in high supply around Eugene these days . Taggart has some rebuilding to do , but with Washington on the rise and USC 's arrow pointing up , the Ducks need to show signs of progress fast or risk being relegated to the second-tier of the Pac-12 for a while .
Mike Sanford , Western Kentucky
A first-time head coach , the youngest in FBS at 34 , taking over a program at its peak . The Hilltoppers have not had a losing season since 2010 and went 23-5 with consecutive Conference USA titles the last two years under Jeff Brohm , now at Purdue .
There is nowhere to go but down , and some regression seems almost inevitable . Sanford will be learning on the job and they will need to be a quick study .
___
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
___
More college football coverage at http : //collegefootball.ap.org/
More than 900 South African miners have been rescued after they were trapped in a gold mine for 24 hours due to power loss .
The incident is reportedly to have happened on Wednesday night after a violent storm that knocked out power supply was witnessed thereby trapping the miners inside Beatrix mine which is in Welkom town , 290km south-west of Johannesburg .
Angry family members had gathered near the mine waiting to hear news of their relatives , who had spent more than a full day underground , local Medias reported .
According to James Wellsted , a spokesperson for managing company Sibanye-Stillwater which owns the Beatrix mine , the miners had stayed close to the shaft to ensure they were in a well-ventilated area with ready access to food and water being delivered .
“ ( We kept them there ) , rather than trying to use a secondary escape way , which would have entailed a four hour walk , ” they told South African medias .
South Africa 's Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union ( AMCU ) had said Thursday it was “ extremely concerned ” about the situation .
South Africa is a leading gold producer , but safety in the industry is often questioned .
PITTSYLVANIA COUNTY , Va. - The last year has not been easy for the family of 17-year-old Tion Burton , not knowing if or when someone will be brought to justice for their death .
Family friend Shakeva Frazier described the last year as `` turmoil . ''
`` His mother does have hope , from conversations , they do have hope that God is going to bring forth some answers , '' Frazier said . `` But we know that when God moves they move through people , so we need somebody to speak up for Tion . ''
Frustration for family and friends , knowing there are likely a lot of people with information that could lead to an arrest .
Burton was one of many teens from multiple local high schools celebrating graduation at Axton Lodge when shots rang out .
`` Speak up for Tion Burton . They no longer has a voice , but you do have one . Think about if it was your family . Think about the pain that the family is going through , that the community is going through , '' Frazier said .
`` I do believe that it will bring some kind of closure because of the way it happened . It was n't like they were involved in something that would bring upon this kind of consequences . ''
Two other people were hit by the gunfire and a fourth person was hit by a car as people fled the scene .
On Wednesday , 10 News reached out to Pittsylvania County Sheriff Mike Taylor multiple times for an update on the investigation but did not get a response .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Hamilton : A record-equalling 17th century by Ross Taylor had New Zealand closing in on a series sweep against the West Indies after day three of the second Test in Hamilton on Monday .
The West Indies , set a world-record target of 444 to win , were in trouble at 30 for two by stumps with two full days of play remaining .
It was New Zealand ` s day as they shut down the West Indies for 221 to lead by 152 on the first innings .
New Zealand declared their second innings at 291 for eight , with Taylor 107 not out , and then took two top-order wickets by stumps .
Taylor joined the late Martin Crowe and current captain Kane Williamson on 17 Test centuries .
The 33-year-old , who offered two chances in an otherwise majestic innings , reached the milestone driving Raymon Reifer to the boundary for only the 11th four in their 198 ball innings .
Williamson was earlier out for 54 as they looked to lead New Zealand to a series sweep following the innings victory in the first Test .
The current record for a victorious fourth innings chase is 418 , achieved 14 years ago when the West Indies reached the target against Australia for the loss of seven wickets .
Taylor did give chances in a near majestic innings , with a top edge from Miguel Cummins flying just out of reach of wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich and on 35 they were dropped in the gully by Shai Hope off Shannon Gabriel .
New Zealand were 263 for eight when Taylor brought up their hundred and with tailender Tim Southee ( not out 22 ) plundering more boundaries they added a further 28 runs before declaring .
The West Indies first innings folded quickly on the third morning with Trent Boult taking the last two wickets to fall in successive balls .
But they missed out on a hat-trick when the West Indies batted again -- needing a wicket first ball they removed Powell on their third delivery .
As New Zealand built on their lead , the West Indies continued to fight with Miguel Cummins reviving memories of a time when the Calypso cricketers had seriously venemous bowlers .
They zipped the ball around the ears of the New Zealand batsmen in a short-pitched salvo mixed with full-length deliveries to have three for 69 .
Their scalps included Williamson for 54 when the New Zealand skipper could not get their bat down fast enough on a yorker the ripped out the middle stump .
It was Cummins first ball after lunch and followed their first ball caught and bowled dismissal of Jeet Raval for four in the morning session .
They returned to the short delivery to send off the inconsistent Henry Nicholls for five when an attempt to fend the ball away was taken by wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich .
Mitchell Santner had a life when an edge off Cummins burst through Dowrich ` s hands to the boundary , and they were hit on the helmet when they ducked into a ball that did not bounce as expected .
But when the short-pitched salvo ended it was spinner Roston Chase who accounted for Santner , caught at long-on for 26 .
New Zealand were 190 for five at tea and declared three wickets later to have 40 minutes bowling at the West Indies before stumps .
Lottery winners could be swapping their multi-million pound prizes for a lifetime monthly payout of £10,000 in a possible new shake up to increase ticket sales .
Expected to launch in 2019 , the new prize system will aim to attract more gamblers after Lottery operator Camelot announced a drop in last year 's players .
The news comes it was revealed this week that Nigel Railton would take over as UK CEO of Camelot .
Railton said : “ Some people do n't want big jackpots , they want financial stability to pay more of the mortgage or educate the children . ”
Since its launch in 1994 The National Lottery has created more than 4,750 millionaires or multi-millionaires and awarded over £65 billion in prizes .
Camelot said in a statement : “ Given the growing number of players who dream of long-term financial security rather than big jackpots , Camelot will explore ways of satisfying this demand with an annuity-style game . ”
Camelot is also expected to introduce a Tuesday Thunderball in 2018 which will issue small but more frequent wins for players .
However Lottery expert Professor Ian Walker , from Lancaster University , said : “ It 's wishful thinking that this will turn around falling sales . ”
# Heynckes on @ realmadriden manager Zinédine Zidane : `` I am a huge fan of theirs and I respect them as a coach and a person . They are a flagship manager . '' # FCBRMA # UCL pic.twitter.com/55G2c9MjTz
Paris : Paris Saint-Germain coach Unai Emery is confident their side have what it takes to get the better of titleholders Real Madrid after the teams were drawn together in the Champions League on Monday .
The sides will meet in the last 16 , surely not the tie PSG would have wanted after winning their group ahead of Bayern Munich .
Real , the two-time defending European champions and 12-time winners overall , came second behind Tottenham Hotspur in their group and will host PSG in the Spanish capital in the first leg on February 14 .
`` I don ` t think it ` s the worst draw possible . I think we are of a level where we can play against Real Madrid , '' said Emery .
`` If you want to do something big in the Champions League you have to play against the best sides .
( Also read : UEFA Champions League : It 's Real Madrid vs Paris St-Germain , Chelsea vs Barcelona in last-16 )
`` I think these matches will be the centre of the footballing world when they come around . ''
Bayern were rewarded for finishing behind PSG with a tie against Besiktas , the Turkish champions , while the French club will once again have to overcome one of the Spanish giants .
Last season Paris faced Barcelona in the last 16 and were eliminated in extraordinary fashion , winning 4-0 at home in the first leg only to lose 6-1 in the return at the Camp Nou .
In that match , Barcelona needed to score three times from the 88th minute onwards and did so .
But since then PSG have strengthened , signing Neymar for a world record 222 million euros ( $ 264 million ) from Barça and beating Madrid to the signature of Kylian Mbappe from Monaco .
The tie will be the first meeting of the sides since the 2015-16 group stage , when Madrid won 1-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu after a 0-0 draw in Paris .
`` I have lots of friends in Madrid , I know Real Madrid well too , having watched a lot of their matches . I know what the atmosphere is like there , '' said Spaniard Emery .
`` It is a wonderful opportunity for us . I am sure the team will be in perfect shape when the tie comes around . ''
Meanwhile , Emery admitted that they have allowed Neymar to return to their native Brazil to deal with a family matter .
The 25-year-old was suspended for Saturday ` s 3-1 win over Lille in Ligue 1 anyway , and now looks likely to miss Wednesday ` s League Cup tie at Strasbourg , where Paris lost 2-1 only 10 days ago .
`` Neymar called me on Saturday . They said to me they had a family issue and wanted to know if the club and I would allow them to go to Brazil to deal with the problem , '' said Emery .
`` The person comes first , then the footballer . We gave them permission to make the trip . I hope he ` ll be back in three or four days , but I don ` t know if he ` ll be back for Wednesday ` s match . ''
SB196 was scheduled for its first hearing Monday , but was removed from the agenda of the Senate Education Committee . Adams did not say why the bill was pulled from Monday 's agenda , but added that they hope to present the bill in committee within the next few days .
Their bill is intended , they said , to update the Utah code to comply with U.S. Supreme Court rulings on LGBT relationships , including the 2015 Obergefell v Hodges case that legalized same-sex marriages nationwide .
But the Equality Utah lawsuit , Adams said , also serves as motivation for their proposal .
`` I think , without question , the reason we 're looking at this is because Equality Utah has brought up this issue , ' they said .
The lawsuit claims that Utah 's so-called `` No Promo Homo '' law discriminates against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender individuals by mandating an anti-LGBT school curriculum .
`` The anti-gay school laws were enacted in order to express moral disapproval of 'homosexuality ' and of LGBT persons , '' court papers say . `` They do not serve any legitimate state interest . ''
Troy Williams , executive director of Equality Utah , said Monday that their team was evaluating the language of SB196 and not yet prepared to comment on the legislation .
If the bill passes , teachers would still be prohibited from encouraging or describing sexual activity — regardless of orientation — due to additional restrictions within state law , Adams said .
`` They can discuss abstinence and fidelity , '' they said . `` And that 's all that we allowed anyway . ''
bwood @ sltrib.com
Twitter : @ bjaminwood
LONDON ( AP ) — The man in charge of Britain 's departure from the European Union says the chances the country will leave the 28-nation bloc with no trade deal have “ dropped dramatically ” after the two sides reached a preliminary agreement on divorce terms .
David Davis told the BBC on Sunday that the deal hammered out by British Prime Minister Theresa May last week means Brexit talks can now move onto the next phase , giving Britain enough time to negotiate a free-trade agreement before it leaves the EU in March 2019 . They say that makes it highly unlikely Britain will have to fall back on World Trade Organization rules that would impose tariffs on trade .
Davis says , “ The odds , as it were , against a WTO , or no-deal outcome , have dropped dramatically . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
In a statement on Twitter , Under Armor 's CEO Kevin Plank announced they were the latest CEO to step down from President Trump 's American Manufacturing Council .
Statement from Under Armor CEO Kevin Plank announcing they are stepping down from President Trump 's American Manufacturing Council .
I love our country & company . I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport . - CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1
WASHINGTON — Under Armor CEO Kevin Plank announced they are stepping down from President Donald Trump 's American Manufacturing Council on Monday .
In a statement posted on Twitter , Plank said that they were “ appreciative of the opportunity to have served ” and that their company remained “ resolute in our potential and ability to improve American manufacturing . ”
While Plank did not explicitly say why they were stepping down , they did say they wanted to “ focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity , diversity and inclusion . ”
Plank is the second CEO to step down from Trump 's American Manufacturing Council this week .
Kenneth Frazier , the CEO of Merck , the third-largest pharmaceutical company in the United States , stepped down earlier on Monday , citing Trump 's failure to rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump lashed out at Frazier 's decision on Twitter saying that Frazier will now “ have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
Frazier is one of the few African-Americans to head a Fortune 500 company .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk also resigned from the manufacturing council in June after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has been killed on the Chester Zoo car park after getting trapped under a double decker bus .
Police officers were called to the tourist attraction at 12.30pm on Wednesday ( June 14 ) following reports of an incident outside Chester Zoo .
In a statement , a Cheshire Constabulary spokesperson said : “ Officers attended the scene and found that a man had become trapped under a double decker bus on the coach car park outside the zoo .
“ The bus is believed to have been empty at the time the incident occurred .
“ North West Ambulance Service attended the incident and sadly the man was pronounced dead at the scene .
“ A police investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident is currently under way and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed . ”
Police , fire and ambulance remain in attendance at the scene and , as a result of the incident ; a small section is currently screened off from public access . Officers are also in the process notifying the man 's next of kin .
Bus company Stagecoach said their services had been affected by the incident .
In a tweet , the company said : “ Due to an incident within the zoo grounds our X8 service is unable to serve the stop inside ... buses will pick up at main gate . ”
PARKLAND , Fla. ( ABC News ) — The brother of Parkland school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz has been arrested for allegedly trespassing on the school grounds of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School .
Zachary Cruz , 18 , who was arrested at 4:30 p.m. Monday afternoon , allegedly rode their skateboard through school grounds , according to the Broward Sheriff 's Office . According to the arrest report , they told deputies they wanted to “ reflect on the school shooting and soak it in . ”
Their brother , Nikolas Cruz , 19 , is accused of killing 17 people in the Valentine 's Day massacre at the high school .
Related Content : Some wanted shooting suspect forcibly committed in 2016
Nikolas Cruz was formally arraigned last Wednesday on a 34-count indictment related to last month 's mass shooting at a South Florida high school , for which the 19-year-old is now facing the death penalty . A plea of not guilty was entered on their behalf , though defense attorney Melisa McNeill emphasized that Nikolas Cruz is willing “ at any time ” to plead guilty “ in exchange for a waiver of the death sentence ” and instead spend the rest of their life behind bars .
Deputies said Zachary Cruz had been warned to stay away from the school campus previously , according to the arrest report . The alleged trespassing was captured on CCTV , the report states .
Related Content : Surveillance video from Parkland shooting ‘ speaks for itself ' about embattled deputy 's actions : Sheriff
Zachary Cruz was booked into the Broward Sheriff 's Office jail and their bond was set at $ 25 .
KIEV , Ukraine ( AP ) — Several thousand supporters of opposition leader Mikheil Saakashvili rallied in the Ukrainian capital Sunday , demanding their release from jail and calling for the country 's president to be impeached .
Saakashvili , the former president of Georgia turned opposition leader in Ukraine , was arrested Friday on allegations that they colluded with Ukrainian business people tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko .
Saakashvili rejected the allegations , and their lawyer said they were refusing food to protest their detention .
Saakashvili 's supporters marched across downtown Kiev , chanting “ Down with the Gang ! ” and “ Impeachment ! ”
They rallied on the capital 's main Independence Square , the Maidan , which was the focus of massive protests that drove Ukraine 's former Russia-friendly president from power in February 2014 , and then walked toward the where Saakashvili has been held .
Saakashvili faces the prospect of being sent back to their native Georgia , which has sought them on abuse of office charges .
Saakashvili 's wife , Sandra Elisabeth Roelofs , said Ukrainian authorities “ crossed a red line ” by arresting him . In a reference to the business background of Poroshenko , who ran a chocolate business before their election , they said , “ We need to show them that politics is not business and people are not merchandise . ”
The demonstrators smashed the windows of a candy store belonging to Poroshenko 's company , Roshen .
Yegor Sobolev , an ally of Saakashvili 's who was removed Thursday as chairperson of a parliamentary anti-corruption committee by Poroshenko 's faction and its allies , called for the president 's dismissal .
“ Impeachment is a way to move from kleptocracy to democracy , ” Sobolev said at the rally .
Protester Valery Shapovalov carried a big poster showing Poroshenko behind bars .
“ Poroshenko is an oligarch , and it 's silly to expect them to fight corruption , ” Shapovalov said . “ Bees ca n't oppose honey . ”
Activists of the Right Sector , a far-right nationalist group , and veterans of the war against pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine joined the rally .
Saakashvili was a key figure in the 2003 Rose Revolution protests that drove Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze from office . They served two terms as Georgian president in 2004-2013 , winning broad acclaim for their anti-corruption efforts , but drawing criticism over a disastrous war with Russia and what their opponents saw as an authoritarian streak .
Poroshenko named them the governor of Ukraine 's Odessa region in 2015 , but Saakashvili resigned the following year , claiming that Poroshenko and other officials were impeding anti-corruption reforms and becoming a strong critic of their former patron .
Georgia stripped Saakashvili of their citizenship after their move to Ukraine . Poroshenko this summer rescinded their Ukrainian citizenship while Saakashvili was out of the country , leaving Saakashvili stateless .
They forced their way into Ukraine in September , barging across the border with Poland with the help of a crowd of supporters .
___
Iuliia Subbotovska in Kiev contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Training | Bavaria have completed the last session ahead of tomorrow 's Champions League first leg against Real Madrid ! # UCL # FCBRMA pic.twitter.com/V37ysQUhPu
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Scoring Offense
Through games of Dec. 09
G FG Pts Avg UCF 12 11 593 49.4 Memphis 12 12 572 47.7 Oklahoma St. 12 20 555 46.3 Oklahoma 13 15 584 44.9 Ohio St. 13 16 552 42.5 Arizona 12 14 502 41.8 Penn St. 12 9 499 41.6 SMU 12 14 482 40.2 Fla. Atlantic 13 15 518 39.8 Missouri 12 16 472 39.3 Toledo 13 25 509 39.2 Alabama 12 16 469 39.1 Louisville 12 15 468 39.0 Ohio 12 15 467 38.9 Arkansas St. 11 15 424 38.5 South Fla. 11 20 421 38.3 Washington 12 13 443 36.9 Oregon 12 9 440 36.7 West Virginia 12 9 435 36.3 North Texas 13 19 467 35.9 Clemson 13 10 460 35.4 Notre Dame 12 12 424 35.3 Georgia 13 16 454 34.9 Southern California 13 12 449 34.5 Auburn 13 21 447 34.4 Texas Tech 12 10 412 34.3 La.-Monroe 12 10 407 33.9 Western Mich. 12 15 407 33.9 Colorado St. 12 15 406 33.8 Wisconsin 13 14 439 33.8 UCLA 12 16 405 33.8 Wake Forest 12 19 404 33.7 Appalachian St. 12 15 401 33.4 TCU 13 12 431 33.2 Ole Miss 12 19 394 32.8 Mississippi St. 12 13 385 32.1 Kansas St. 12 21 385 32.1 Boise St. 13 17 417 32.1 Stanford 13 20 416 32.0 Arizona St. 12 18 383 31.9 Washington St. 12 19 377 31.4 Air Force 12 10 377 31.4 Texas A & M 12 17 373 31.1 Utah St. 12 17 372 31.0 NC State 12 9 367 30.6 Massachusetts 12 13 367 30.6 Southern Miss . 12 17 366 30.5 San Diego St. 12 12 365 30.4 Northern Ill. 12 9 362 30.2 Troy 12 11 360 30.0 Iowa St. 12 17 359 29.9 Army West Point 12 3 357 29.8 Central Mich. 12 7 356 29.7 Northwestern 12 12 356 29.7 New Mexico St. 12 11 355 29.6 UAB 12 11 355 29.6 Utah 12 27 354 29.5 Miami ( FL ) 12 16 354 29.5 Tulsa 12 12 352 29.3 Texas 12 10 350 29.2 Navy 12 10 347 28.9 UNLV 12 22 346 28.8 Virginia Tech 12 18 345 28.8 Arkansas 12 8 345 28.8 Louisiana Tech 12 22 345 28.8 Buffalo 12 15 342 28.5 Houston 11 10 312 28.4 Iowa 12 9 340 28.3 Louisiana 12 10 338 28.2 Nevada 12 8 338 28.2 Georgia Tech 11 7 309 28.1 LSU 12 15 337 28.1 California 12 20 333 27.8 Tulane 12 9 330 27.5 FIU 12 14 330 27.5 Syracuse 12 22 329 27.4 Indiana 12 16 322 26.8 Fresno St. 13 21 347 26.7 Florida St. 12 15 320 26.7 Colorado 12 17 317 26.4 Marshall 12 9 316 26.3 Western Ky. 12 9 314 26.2 Boston College 12 10 314 26.2 Eastern Mich. 12 15 313 26.1 North Carolina 12 9 312 26.0 Nebraska 12 12 309 25.8 Michigan 12 15 309 25.8 Duke 12 17 309 25.8 Kentucky 12 21 309 25.8 Bowling Green 12 18 304 25.3 East Carolina 12 16 299 24.9 Temple 12 19 298 24.8 Middle Tenn. 12 15 297 24.8 Vanderbilt 12 3 295 24.6 Miami ( OH ) 12 12 293 24.4 Baylor 12 20 292 24.3 Purdue 12 16 290 24.2 Maryland 12 8 289 24.1 South Carolina 12 13 289 24.1 Pittsburgh 12 11 287 23.9 Virginia 12 8 286 23.8 Akron 13 5 307 23.6 UConn 12 12 283 23.6 UTSA 11 20 259 23.5 Michigan St. 12 15 277 23.1 Hawaii 12 4 273 22.8 Wyoming 12 12 268 22.3 Florida 11 17 243 22.1 Minnesota 12 14 265 22.1 Idaho 12 12 251 20.9 Cincinnati 12 9 251 20.9 Ga. Southern 12 15 250 20.8 Oregon St. 12 12 248 20.7 Old Dominion 12 15 248 20.7 New Mexico 12 10 248 20.7 Tennessee 12 14 238 19.8 South Ala. 12 16 238 19.8 Georgia St. 11 10 217 19.7 Kansas 12 17 224 18.7 Rutgers 12 7 216 18.0 Ball St. 12 9 215 17.9 Texas St. 12 10 207 17.3 BYU 13 14 222 17.1 Rice 12 3 195 16.3 San Jose St. 13 14 206 15.8 Illinois 12 12 185 15.4 Charlotte 12 4 170 14.2 Kent St. 12 9 153 12.8 UTEP 12 3 141 11.8
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Las Vegas authorities have yet to determine gunman Stephen Paddock 's motive for their shooting spree at the Route 91 Harvest Festival on Sunday , killing at 58 people and wounding more than 500 others .
However , police found a cryptic note in Paddock 's room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino .
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Kevin McMahill confirmed investigators found a piece of paper with a series of numbers written on it .
They said Friday afternoon that police have yet to determine “ what those numbers are or mean . ”
“ In the past , terror attacks or mass murder motive was made very clear by a note that was left , by a social media post , by a telephone call that was made , by investigators mining computer data , ” Undersheriff McMahill said .
“ Today , in our investigation , we do n't have any of that uncovered . I wish we did . We will and are continuing to investigate with great tenacity and hope to arrive at an answer , ” they added .
For more on the Las Vegas shooting and the stories of bravery that emerged from it , subscribe now to PEOPLE or pick up this week 's issue , on newsstands Friday .
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
As for if Paddock worked alone or had an accomplice , Undersheriff McMahill said they were “ confident… there was not another shooter in that room .
“ What I can not confirm to you today , and what we continue to investigate , is whether anybody else may have known about this incident before they carried it out . ”
RELATED GALLERY : Mourners Hold Emotional Vigil in Las Vegas to Remember Off-Duty Cop Who Was Killed in Mass Shooting
Investigators have already interviewed Paddock 's girlfriend , Marilou Danley , after naming them a person of interest . Danley previously stated that they had no warnings prior to Paddock sending them overseas while they executed their plans in Vegas .
“ There are voluminous amounts of video from many different locations , we have reviewed it . We have not located any other person that we believe to be a suspect at this point , ” McMahill explained .
How to Help
Anyone with photo or video evidence of the shooting is asked to call 1-800-CALL-FBI .
A victims ' fund has been started on GoFundMe by Steve Sisolak , the Clark County , Nevada , commission chair . Other groups providing relief include the local chapter of the American Red Cross and the National Compassion Fund .
New Delhi : Making use of small amounts of capital from a large number of individuals to finance a new business venture or startup is called crowdffunding .
The investment platform invites both investors and fund seekers together through social media and crowdfunding websites .
How it works ?
Using this model , any entrepreneur with a robust business model can raise money from the ones interested in making investment .
Crowdfunding provides a forum to anyone with an idea to pitch it in front of waiting investors . Crowdfunding sites generate revenue from a percentage of the funds raised .
Crowdfunding has been used to fund a wide range for-profit entrepreneurial ventures such as artistic and creative projects , medical expenses , travel , or community-oriented social entrepreneurship projects
Two primary types of crowdfunding :
1 ) Rewards crowdfunding
The entrepreneurs presell a product or service to launch a business concept without incurring debt or sacrificing equity or shares .
2 ) Equity crowdfunding
The backer receives shares of a company , usually in its early stages , in exchange for the money pledged .
Benefit for Investors
Many crowdfunding projects are rewards-based ; investors may get to participate in the launch of a new product or receive a gift for their investment . For instance , the maker of a new soap made out of bacon fat sent a free bar to each of its investors .
Ben Simmons ( R ) had a triple-double to lead the 76ers to a 108-94 NBA win over Charlotte Hornets .
Ben Simmons ( R ) had a triple-double to lead the 76ers to a 108-94 NBA win over Charlotte Hornets .
Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night .
Simmons had 11 points , 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs .
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season .
They will have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No . 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston match-up for at least a round .
`` Our goal is to make the playoffs , '' coach Brett Brown said .
`` Now , seemingly , we are pretty close to doing that . Now we all get greedy and say , 'let 's get a home court . '
`` And I 'm the captain of that new club . And it can only happen if we guard . And that 's the message to our team . ''
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third ( 1 of 5 on 3s ) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point half-time lead .
`` Nothing matters unless we play defense , '' Brown said . `` It 's how we set the tone in this program since the day I arrived . ''
The 76ers have had countless dark days since Brown arrived in 2013 .
But they are the favourites in the majority of their games nowadays and have become the team that now has to worry about playing down to the level of their competition .
LeBron James recorded their 16th triple-double of the season in the Cleveland Cavaliers ' 124-117 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks .
James scored 40 points on 16 of 29 shooting and added 12 rebounds with 10 assists .
Myles Turner scored 21 points and Victor Oladipo added 20 to power the Indiana Pacers to a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis .
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company , please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek @ haymarket.com or +44 ( 0 ) 208 267 4629 . Or visit our subscribe page .
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
Posted 21 hours ago
Naomi Shaban has resigned from the Jubilee Party . In a short letter addressed to the Jubilee Party Secretary general Raphael Tuju , Shabaan says they will
New Delhi : Bharti Airtel on Tuesday announced partnership with Apple for the India launch of the Apple Watch Series 3 ( GPS + Cellular ) .
Customers can pre-register for the watch on Airtel website starting May 4 and it will be available starting May 11 .
Tariff plans
Airtel postpaid customers on any Airtel My Plan or Infinity Plan can get connected on the Apple Watch Series 3 absolutely free of cost with their existing plan .
iPhones compatible with the Apple Watch Series 3 are : iPhone SE , 6/6 Plus , 6s/6s Plus , 7/7 Plus , 8/8 Plus and iPhone X . The phones will need to be upgraded to iOS version 11.3 or above .
How to activate
To activate cellular service with Apple Watch Series 3 ( GPS + Cellular ) , customers first need to update iPhone to iOS 11.3 and watchOS 4.3 , then tap `` Settings '' on iPhone > General > About and follow the prompt to update to the latest carrier settings .
Apple Watch Series 3 Specs
The third-generation Apple Watch is also a health and fitness companion with intelligent coaching features , water resistance 50 metres and a new barometric altimeter that measures relative elevation .
The dual-core processor in the device allows for quicker app launch times , smoother graphics and enables Siri to speak using the built-in speaker .
Apple designed a new custom wireless chip called W2 , making Wi-Fi 85 percent faster and Bluetooth and Wi-Fi 50 percent more power efficient .
watchOS 4 features an updated Heart Rate app , giving even more insight to heart rate , including measurements during resting , workout , recovery , walking and Breathe sessions .
The redesigned Music app experience automatically synchronises playlists like New Music Mix and Favourites Mix , along with the user 's most listened to music .
Dundalk FC captain Stephen O'Donnell has questioned the FAI 's “ grá ” for the League of Ireland following criticism of the current , relentless fixture schedule .
The Lilywhites are in the midst of playing 12 times in just 42 days and O'Donnell , who started their first league game of the season against Derry City on Friday night , has questioned the thinking behind the glut of games
“ It seems very lob-sided , ” the Galwegian told RTÉ Radio One 's Saturday Sport programme .
“ I think we have 24 league games before the break and then 12 after the break so , I do n't know , the FAI must be expecting some Irish clubs to go on a hell of a run in Europe or something . ”
O'Donnell also alluded to the strain the current format is putting on the league 's part-time players , before pointing out the financial aspect involved for supporters attending matches .
“ It 's going to hit the gates . Fans are going to have to prioritise which game they go and watch ... and that 's going to continue for the next four or five weeks .
“ There does n't seem to be much logic there whatsoever and I do n't know if there are many people , organising the league , who care . That 's the bottom line .
“ If you put this furore to them ( the FAI ) in the off-season , if they knew this was what was going to be kicked up , they still would have made the fixtures the same way . That 's the way I see the league being run at the moment .
“ I just do n't know if there 's much of a ‘ grá ' there for it in the upper echelons .
“ That 's ( the fixture list ) a prime example that if you 're trying to promote a league , a league that get 's a kicking as it is from the general soccer fan , 80 % of sports people in Ireland would n't even know the matches are on .
“ For promotion purposes even , if the people behind the scenes really cared about it , they 'd be able to make a far better product and a far better spectacle of what the league is at the minute . ”
SEOUL , South Korea – A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump .
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit , while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations .
More : Trump team seeks to nail down details of Kim Jong-un meeting
More : Insider 's account of North Korea reveals why Trump may be forever disappointed
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks :
–––
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end .
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries , and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has traveled to the United States to narrow the gap .
Trump abruptly canceled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen . Their decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build .
Meanwhile , South Korean President Moon Jae-in , who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday , said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether they can trust Trump 's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons .
Given these basic concerns , Kim Yong Chol 's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington 's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea 's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S .
Kim Yong Chol , 72 , is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000 . Their official title is vice chairperson of the ruling Workers ' Party . They previously headed North Korea 's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures .
–––
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North 's side of a border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit . The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometer ( 2.5-mile ) -wide Demilitarized Zone , a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War .
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim , the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America 's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament , and as its ambassador to Seoul . In 2008 , they witnessed North Korea 's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States . In recent years , however , satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex .
Their North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui , the North 's highest-ranking female diplomat . A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit , citing “ open hostility ” from the North .
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries ' views on North Korea 's denuclearization , America 's security assurances and other issues . South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol 's departure for New York .
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks , while Sung Kim , a Korean American , is fluent in Korean . Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table .
–––
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol , security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held .
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12 . After putting the summit back on track , Trump tweeted Friday that it “ will likely remain in Singapore on the same date , June 12th , and , if necessary , will be extended beyond that date . ”
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un 's trusted aides , Kim Chang Son , flew to Singapore on Monday night . South Korean media reported that they began talks with Joe Hagin , the White House deputy chief of staff for operations , who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials .
No details have emerged about the talks . Possible venues for the summit include Singapore 's presidential palace , the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel .
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un 's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011 . Their current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission , which is headed by Kim Jong-un .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Durban - Metro Police recovered electricity cables worth more than R1.5 million in a sting operation , on Tuesday .
After receiving a tip off , the Metro Police K9 unit and South African Police Services conducted a sting operation in which t hree cable drums with hundreds of metres of cable was confiscated from a Clairwood scrapyard . One person was arrested .
Metro Police Senior Superintendent Parboo Sewpersad said , “ We commend the men for the quick action in apprehending the suspects . A case was opened at the Montclair Police Station . One person was arrested and two other suspects were taken in for questioning . Further investigations are being conducted .
`` Cable theft is seen to be a serious crime that costs the city millions of rand each year , '' they said . `` The cables are usually stripped and sold to scrap metal dealers or sold to unscrupulous people who connect electricity illegally . ''
The city 's communications department appealed to the public to report cable theft to their nearest police station .
The Spurs won that series in five games . They made it look easy at times , too .
`` Contrast that to now where he 's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out , '' Kerr said . `` I think their confidence level in their shot is the biggest thing . But I think it is pretty remarkable when you 've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in their career . It 's a testament to their work ethic and to their work on their skillset . ''
The Warriors have more talent , by a very wide margin . They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , Kevin Durant and Draymond Green . They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant . They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench , or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept them sidelined of late .
The Cavaliers have James .
That represents hope . They make the Cavs better . They even make the Warriors better .
`` LeBron 's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that , you 've got to do it , day after day , '' Durant said . `` A lot of people do n't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day , you know what I 'm saying ? So that 's inspiration right there . That 's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well . ''
Once that TV went on Monday night , James locked in on this series .
Around-the-clock treatment on their body Tuesday , including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team 's flight to San Francisco . Treatment and workouts on Wednesday . Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday . Then game time .
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game , they do n't know what will happen in Game 1 .
But he 's ready . He 's always ready .
`` The level that I can play at is to be seen , but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am , '' James said . `` So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself . But for me , I understand and I know how much I put into the game . So everything else is OK . ''
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tim Reynolds , The Associated Press
Miami : Continuing their imperious form , Yuki Bhambri crushed Argentina 's Renzo Olivo in straight sets to move into the final round of the ATP Miami Masters qualifiers but Ramkumar Ramanathan was ousted from the high-profile tournament .
Yuki , who qualified for the Indian Wells Masters and went on to scalp world number 12 Lucas Puille , dispatched Olivo 6-4 , 6-1 in the opening round of the USD 7,972,535 hard-court event .
They next faces Sweden 's Elias Ymer , ranked 133 and coached by Robin Soderling , the two-time French Open finalist .
However , Ramkumar fell in the first round , losing 6-7 ( 4 ) , 4-6 to American Michael Mmoh .
If the recent releases of Kdenlive , OpenShot , Pitivi , and others have n't satisfied your needs , perhaps you may want to try out the latest build of Avidemux.For those in need of a basic cross-platform , open-source video editor , Avidemux 2.6.16 is now available . Avidemux 2.6.16 is coming just one month after the previous release and together provide a modestly-sized bundle of updates . Avidemux 2.6.16 updates its FFmpeg library , adds a resizer to VA-API , improvements to its Qt user-interface , fixed sub-titling on macOS , re-emabled NVENC video encoding support , and build system improvements.November 's Avidemux 2.6.15 release had improved hardware decoding support , added support for HEVC/VC1 with VA-API on Linux , fixed NVENC NVIDIA video encoding , experimental Dxva2 video decoder for Windows , and various other updates.Those wishing to learn about the latest changes to the Avidemux video editor open-source software can learn more at its Free.fr project site .
Athletic Trainer , Jessica Hansen , took the stand Monday in Back v. Benefis . They say there was a lack of information and if they knew more about Robert 's condition things might have been different . According to Hansen , nobody told them that they were suspicious of Robert having a concussion . As far as they knew they had symptoms of the flu and could have been suffering from dehydration . Hansen says they rely on the players and coaches for information , because they are n't always around . S ...
Athletic Trainer , Jessica Hansen , took the stand Monday in Back v. Benefis . They say there was a lack of information and if they knew more about Robert 's condition things might have been different . According to Hansen , nobody told them that they were suspicious of Robert having a concussion . As far as they knew they had symptoms of the flu and could have been suffering from dehydration . Hansen says they rely on the players and coaches for information , because they are n't always around . S ...
Quintis founder Frank Wilson has added to the flurry of legal action around the collapsed sandalwood company by suing their former co-directors over a contract termination .
The Supreme Court writ comes amid delays to the announcement of a proposed recapitalisation of Quintis , possibly because of the rumoured loss of a long-term supply agreement with the State Government 's Forest Products Commission .
Mr Wilson is already suing the Quintis board for defamation , a claim directors deny , and is themselves targeted along with the company , its directors and auditors by three class actions focusing on alleged disclosure lapses .
The latest action , filed in the Supreme Court by Mr Wilson 's Domenica Nominees , claims the Quintis board was negligent in “ confirming ” the purported termination in December 2016 of a contract to supply a formula containing sandalwood oil to Swiss dermatology giant Galderma .
Quintis says it did not become aware of the cancellation until the following May , two months after Mr Wilson stepped down as chief executive .
The company 's disclosure of the termination immediately cut more than 40 per cent from its share price .
Mr Wilson 's writ says that the company 's stock exchange announcement “ ratifying and affirming the purported Galderma termination agreement and thereby confirming termination of the same ” breached the directors ' duty of care to investors , thereby reducing the value of their shareholding in the sandalwood company .
While the FPC could not respond to query yesterday , it is said to have pulled its 10-year contract to supply 400 tonnes a year of sandalwood to Quintis ' Mt Romance oil plant near Albany , forcing staff on to paid leave .
McGrathNicol , which has previously denied speculation about a suspension of production at Mt Romance , could not be immediately contacted .
Martinez said existing liquor stores could adapt , physically wall off two sides and create separate entrances .
The Alberta Medical Association declined comment Thursday , but has made it clear it strongly disagrees with setting the legal age at 18 instead of 21 .
`` Legalizing recreational cannabis at an age of 18 knowing the clear effects on the developing brain and higher risk of addiction at younger ages is inappropriate , '' the association said in previous written submissions . `` It sends a message that there is no increase in risk and harm to youth , which is clearly incorrect . ''
Ganley has said 18 makes sense because it 's better to have young people get marijuana over the counter than from a drug dealer .
The federal government wo n't allow the sale of cannabis-laced edible products until it develops regulatory oversight to dictate things such as serving sizes , potency and health warnings .
The state of Colorado legalized marijuana use in 2012 and has seen a rise in accidental ingestion and poisonings among children .
Kathy Belton of the Injury Prevention Centre at the University of Alberta said they want to see more information on how governments plan to keep kids safe .
`` The age limit is not what is shown to be best practice , but I understand why the province chose 18 years , '' said Belton in an email .
`` The more distressing point is the lack of detail about the consumer education program . ''
Ganley is also promising tougher rules on enforcement before next July .
Calgary police chief Roger Chaffin , acting head of the Alberta Association of Chiefs of Police , says officers will face a complex challenge when marijuana goes from being a black and white issue to multiple shades of grey .
For example , any adult caught with 30 grams of marijuana will be within the law — but 30.5 grams is not .
`` One more joint went from being legal to being illegal , '' said Chaffin .
`` That 's where we continue to work with the government … to make sure we have a consistent approach for how we will manage those things . Do they become criminal matters ? Are they matters that are going to handle under provincial legislation ? These things are not yet answered . ''
By Dean Bennett , The Canadian Press
The University of St. Thomas Prolife Center filed an amicus curiae brief this week with the Kansas Supreme Court defending a ban on “ live dismemberment ” abortion during the second trimester of pregnancy , which opponents have argued is a state constitutional right .
The heart of the controversy is whether a law that prohibits “ live dismemberment , ” a particular type of “ dilation and evacuation ” abortion , is constitutional under the Kansas Bill of Rights . The law was adopted last April , but the plaintiffs—a women 's clinic and the physicians who own it—claim the Kansas Constitution must be read to contain a state constitutional right to abortion that is at least as expansive as the right created by the U.S. Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade . The trial court agreed that such a right exists and that plaintiffs are likely to prevail in their claim that the ban violates that right . In January , the Kansas Court of Appeals , in a split decision , held that the state Constitution protects a woman 's right to an abortion .
The Prolife Center brief , filed on behalf of Kansans For Life , argues , in part :
The Kansas Bill of Rights was intended to reflect the equality of all Kansans and protect them from abusive exercise of power . From the establishment of this state , the people understood that the unborn child is among the most vulnerable members of our community . For that reason , state legislation has consistently recognized and protected them . The district court order creating a state constitutional right of abortion ignores the will of the people and 150 years of state law and jurisprudence . It should be reversed . The right created by the order is extreme and erroneous . There simply is no basis in the Kansas Bill of Rights for a ruling that requires the state to tolerate live dismemberment abortion – a ruling that affords unborn children less protection than afforded by state statute to the livestock in this state . Even if the Kansas Bill of Rights must be read to afford some right to abortion , the plaintiffs in this case have not presented sufficient evidence to show that they will prevail in establishing that S.B . 95 is unconstitutional in every application of the law . Plaintiffs ' own experts identify at least two applications where the law is constitutional . For this reason alone , the district court erred in granting the injunction .
The Prolife Center is led by law professor Teresa Collett , who has represented states , government officials and medical groups in defending laws protecting human life and marriage . Assisting on the brief were students Michael Gaytko ‘ 19 , Leah Koch ‘ 18 , Joshua Maldonado ‘ 19 , Michelle Rioux ‘ 17 , Darbie Smith '19 and Joseph Stuhlmann ‘ 19 .
Pollinator gardens planted by more than 200 volunteers in Port Dalhousie last September are already abuzz with visitors .
The multi-partner project led by the Niagara Restoration Council saw manicured lawns in Rennie Park and Henley Island transformed into naturalized areas .
“ They 're growing really great , ” said Allison Graszat , environmental project manager with Niagara Restoration Council . “ We did notice a lot of different bees and butterflies are visiting the site already . ”
Still to come this year are signs on Rennie Island that explain what was planted , why it was planted and why native species were used .
It 's all part of the council 's mandate to educate people the benefits of planting species native to the area .
“ People are more aware of what is native and what is n't and what the benefits can be , but there 's really a lot more education that needs to be done , ” Graszat said .
To that end , the restoration council has teamed up with the Port Dalhousie Beautification and Works Committee to encourage young photographers to get up close with nature .
A native plant and wildlife photo contest for youth is on until Sept. 22 .
Graszat said the whole point is to get youth engaged in nature and educate them about how native species are really beneficial for wildlife in the area .
“ We figured if there was an incentive for them to get out into the environment , check things out and maybe learn about the native plants and animals here , we could all benefit from that , ” they said .
Young photographers can submit photos of native plants or wildlife from anywhere in Port Dalhousie . But if they need a hint about where to go , two raised beds of native-only plants are on Rennie Island . As well , an acre and a half area at the north end of Henley Island was seeded with a wildflower and grass mix last year .
The submissions will be judged in the categories of Best Wildlife photo and Best Native Plant photo . If a photo has wildlife and plants in it , it can be submitted in both categories but will only win in one .
The photos will be judged in age groups 7-12 and 13-18 by staff at the Niagara Restoration Council .
Children aged six and under have their own category too . They 're being invited to draw or colour a picture of native wildlife or plants .
There 's a limit of four entries per person . Winners will receive $ 100 , with a second prize of $ 50 and a third prize of $ 25 .
Photos and drawings can be submitted by email to allison @ niagararestoration.org or mailed to the Niagara Restoration Council at 250 Thorold Rd. , Welland , ON , L3C 3W2 .
All submissions must include the entrant 's name , age , location where the photo was taken and the category entered . All photos must be shot this summer in Port Dalhousie . Winners of all three age groups will be notified by Oct. 6 .
kwalter @ postmedia.com
Follow @ karena_standard
As far as the ‘ it ' factor goes , this 10-year-old most definitely has it .
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend ( Dec. 9 ) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “ finish the lyrics . ”
Related : Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘ Lion King ' Classics for Remake ?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5 's version of Smokey Robinson 's classic , “ Who 's Lovin ' You , ” but their vocals were incredible .
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover . McCrary has worked with Glover before , appearing on the song “ Terrified ” from Childish Gambino 's Grammy nominated album , Awaken My Love .
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King .
VANLUE — A Carey man was injured in a motorcycle crash on Amanda Township 196 near Amanda Township 174 , northwest of Vanlue , at 3:03 p.m. today , the Hancock County Sheriff 's Office reported .
Dallas Mundy , 66 , of Carey , was traveling north on Amanda Township 196 on a 2012 Triumph motorcycle when they lost control , the sheriff 's office said . The motorcycle went off the east side of the road , where it came to rest .
Mundy was taken by Hanco EMS to Blanchard Valley Hospital with possible head and neck injuries , the sheriff 's office reported .
Mundy was cited for failure to maintain reasonable control .
Assisting at the accident scene were the Vanlue Fire Department and Mac and Bob 's Towing .
Comments
comments
RAWALPINDI : An Applied Technologies Institute ( ATIN ) has been established by the National Logistics Cell ( NLC ) in Gilgit in collaboration with the Gilgit-Baltistan government and the Force Command Northern Areas ( FCNA ) so that the youth of GB are equipped with the latest technical education in order to have maximum job opportunities under the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) .
The building is now complete and the NLC is now hiring trained faculty in fields of civil , mechanical and electrical technology , according to a local English daily . ATINs are being run in Mandra , Dina , Amangarh and Khairpur .
The institutes are affiliated with the National Training Bureau and the National Vocational and Technical Training Commission . More than 5,000 students have been trained in these institutes . Classes are soon to begin in Gilgit as well .
JAKARTA - Some 70 people are dead or missing after a ferry ran aground off the coast of Indonesia , according to an updated official toll Wednesday ( July 4 ) , the latest deadly maritime accident in the South-east Asian archipelago .
The KM Lestari was carrying about 140 passengers and dozens of vehicles when the accident happened Tuesday afternoon about 300 metres from shore near Sulawesi island , north of Indonesia 's most populous island Java .
Images from the scene showed terrified passengers clinging to the side of the tipped over ferry , while others floated in the sea awaiting help .
Waves swamped the boat 's deck , taking trucks and other vehicles into the sea , as rescuers battled high winds and rough seas to pluck victims from the water .
Indonesia 's disaster agency said 29 people died in the accident while another 41 are still missing . Nearly 70 people have been rescued , it added .
29 dead in Indonesia ferry accident Open gallery
The deadly incident came on the same day authorities officially called off the search for more than 160 people missing after another ferry sank on a volcanic lake in Sumatra two weeks ago .
The vessel was believed to be operating illegally with no manifest and not enough life jackets when it disappeared into the depths of Lake Toba , a picturesque tourist spot in Sumatra .
While some bodies have been recovered , many are believed to be trapped inside the sunken vessel at the bottom of one of the world 's deepest lakes , which plunges 500 metres in spots .
In the latest accident , a fleet of smaller boats , including local fishing vessels , worked to save passengers as bad weather prevented larger craft from approaching the stricken ferry , the transportation ministry said earlier .
It added that most passengers had been wearing life jackets .
The 48-metre vessel was sailing from Sulawesi to nearby Selayar island when it ran into strong winds and high waves .
Deadly maritime accidents are not uncommon in Indonesia , where many people depend on boats to get around the 17,000 island nations despite lax safety standards .
More than 300 people are estimated to have drowned in 2009 when a ferry sank between Sulawesi and Borneo islands .
New Delhi : The Andaman and Nicobar group of islands will be developed as an economic and a strategic hub , Minister of State for External Affairs General VK Singh ( retired ) said on Monday .
Speaking at the ` India-Asean Connectivity Summit ` organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII ) , the Minister stressed on the need to focus on improving maritime connectivity with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( Asean ) .
`` There is a strong case for improving maritime connectivity ... Both Asean and India are endowed with several islands , '' Singh said .
India will cooperate with the 10 Asean countries -- Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam -- to establish a regional maritime transport system , they said .
`` ... India has taken initiative to build Andaman and Nicobar group of islands as an economic and strategic hub in the Bay of Bengal . Asean is also investing in its own islands .
`` ... There is scope to unlock the vast potential in cooperation , particularly in tourism , maritime security , disaster management , between us and the Asean , '' they said .
Andaman and Nicobar islands are a major strategic centre for Indian armed forces and have the only Tri-service theatre command based in Port Blair .
The summit , which focuses on enhancing connectivity with Asean , comes ahead of the visit of the leaders of the Asean states here in January to mark 25 years of the India-Asean dialogue partnership .
In a historic first , the 10 leaders will collectively be the chief guests at the Republic Day celebrations here in January 2018 .
A 21-year-old student hailing from Patil Nagar in Mumbai 's Kandivali area committed suicide on Wednesday .
Sanchita alias Nayana Wagh , a student of Patkar College in Goregaon , committed suicide by hanging themselves from a ceiling fan .
The parents took them to the Shatabdi hospital , where they were declared brought dead .
Meanwhile , the Kandiwali Police has registered an Accidental Death Report ( ADR ) ( 56/2017 ) in this case .
Initial inquiry report suggests that they committed suicide after failing their First Year B. Com exams . ( ANI )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new arts festival is set to come to Cambridge next year - and one of its organisers has come up with an unusual way of promoting it .
Andrea Cockerton , 44 , of Cottenham , made a video of them singing a festive song to promote the arts event , called House of Cambridge .
They said House of Cambridge is set to be held on Parker 's Piece during the May half term of 2018 .
According to Andrea , the aim of the festival is to showcase all the innovative artists , promoters and brands operating in Cambridge , all under one roof .
`` Though nothing is confirmed , we are hoping to get Laura Mvula to perform as well as comedy acts , artist showcases , cocktail contests , all sorts , '' they said .
Andrea said they hope the festival will become `` a real social event '' with members of the community from all walks of life pulling together to create something great .
But in today 's increasingly crowded world , how are you supposed to draw attention to something like this ? Andrea has the answer .
Dragging their mother outside into the freezing cold , Andrea shot a video in which they sang a pitch for the event . Everything anybody could possibly want to know about the event and how to get involved was conveyed in musical form .
`` It 's a busy world , '' said Andrea . `` You need something interesting to grab peoples attention . ''
`` I 've always been good at writing quirky lyrics , I 've been doing it since I was a teenager , '' they added . `` I put together the first line and it all just clicked in my head . ''
More details on the House of Cambridge Festival can be found on their website , Twitter and Facebook pages .
Want to donate ? The indiegogo page can be found here .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app .
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
MOHAMED Salah produced two world-class finishes and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to lead Liverpool to a 5-2 win over former club Roma on Wednesday morning ( AEST ) , leaving the English team in sight of the Champions League final .
Salah 's display was as exquisite as Roma 's defending was naive , with Liverpool scoring all of its goals in a breathtaking 33-minute spell either side of halftime amid a cauldron of noise at Anfield .
The Italian side came back from a 4-1 first-leg loss to Barcelona in the quarter-finals , and consolation goals in the final nine minutes from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti has given them a similar deficit to overcome . In the latest virtuoso performance of their stunning first season at Liverpool , Salah curled a shot into the top corner in the 36th minute and doubled the lead in the 45th with a dinked finish that is fast becoming theirs trademark .
They are now on 43 goals for the season in all competitions with potentially five games left . The Egyptian forward was n't finished there , taking advantage of Roma 's high defensive line to provide crosses for Mane and Firmino to score almost identical goals in the 56th and 61st minutes , respectively .
Firmino glanced home a header from James Millner 's corner in the 69th to leave Roma 's players on the floor - literally in the case of its distressed goalkeeper , Alisson .
Liverpool moved onto 38 goals for this season 's competition - 11 more than any other team - but can not begin preparing for the final in Kiev on May 26 quite yet .
Dzeko chested down a long pass to make it 5-1 in the 81st and when Milner handled a shot from Radja Nainggolan , Perotti converted the penalty in the 89th . Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semi-final , with the first leg in Germany on Thursday .
Is there anyone better ?
Roma knows all about Salah , who scored 15 goals and set up 11 more in the second of their two seasons at the Italian club before joining Liverpool for $ 68 million in June .
He 's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season . Their double saw them surge past Cristiano Ronaldo 's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season , for example .
Salah won English soccer 's Player of the Year award on Sunday . At this rate , the Ballon D'Or - given to the world 's best player - could be their next year .
Their first goal came after Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool 's half . The ball made its way to Salah , who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar , near to the post . It could n't have been placed any better .
If that was a typical Salah finish from their first half of the season , their second goal was a replica of a couple of their recent strikes in the Premier League . Roberto Firmino timed their through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over Alisson , just like they did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals .
Salah was untouchable .
Salah did n't celebrate either of their goals out of respect for their former teammates but they made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool 's devastating forward line .
And when Firmino nodded in Liverpool 's fifth goal , the semi-final looked over with 110 minutes remaining .
The world was in awe of the show Salah put on .
Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard said : `` Here 's in the form of their life ... without a shadow of a doubt he 's the best player on the planet right now . ''
Chelsea icon Frank Lampard was also full of praise . `` Some players are a joy to watch - balance , quick feet , the fear they are putting into defenders , '' they said .
However , when Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute , Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side .
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma 's players - just look at what they did to Barcelona in the Stadio Olimpico two weeks ago . Yet , Liverpool failing to score is unlikely on the evidence of this season , particularly the first 69 minutes of this game at Anfield .
0:43 RAW : Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause
0:31 RAW : Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW : Mansfield football 's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself ' to Arlington receiver
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN 's College GameDay
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:29 AMBER , Blue and Silver Alerts : What you need to know
Ask any of my friends and they 'll tell you how obsessed I am with the Borderlands franchise . The best game in the series is Borderlands 2 , and a huge part of the game 's appeal is the creative assortment of characters . One of the game 's original four Vault Hunters , Zer0 , is a ninja who communicates with emojis , numbers , and symbols . I 've always wanted to cosplay as him , and , now thanks to Casey Gartung 's build , I think I 'll be able to .
Gartung 's construction of Zer0 's iconic glowing sword is incredible . It even shines with the same style of dangerous looking blue energy . Besides their helmet , Zer0 's sword is arguably the hardest part of their cosplay to build . Kudos to Gartung for doing such a good job ! The rest of their Zer0 cosplay is coming along pretty well too :
If you want to build your own Zer0 sword ( either for your own cosplay or just to have because it 's so cool ) , just follow Gartung 's process on Maker Share .
Want to showcase your own projects ? Join Maker Share today .
BOISE , Idaho ( AP ) - Idaho 's House has approved a proposal calling for the state to reimburse two ranchers for legal costs they incurred fighting the federal government .
House Speaker Scott Bedke on Monday briefly left the speaker 's chair so they could debate in favor of the proclamation , arguing they disagreed with a recent Idaho attorney general 's opinion that it was likely unconstitutional .
TIt was the first time during the legislative session Bedke debated a bill on the House floor .
they proclamation states that $ 600,000 from the Constitutional Defense Fund should go to the Joyce Livestock and Lu Ranching companies to pay them back for the money they spent in the water rights cases more than a decade ago .
Supporters say the case set important legal precedent for Idaho livestock owners and protected the state from `` federal overreach . ''
Proclamations do n't carry the weight of law , and instead are akin to policy statements .
House members approved the proclamation on a voice vote . It now goes to the Senate for consideration .
SEATTLE — Seattle Police are asking for the public 's help to find a green Toyota with a broken taillight and missing a back window that was used in two recent street robberies in West Seattle and Capitol Hill .
On Sept. 28 at 3:20 a.m. , a man was confronted by two unknown black men at the bus stop at Avalon Way SW and SW Yancy . They demanded their bag that contained electronics and personal items .
One suspect started punching the victim in the face and there was a struggle over the bag . The victim pulled out a small knife and stabbed the suspect in the neck . The second suspect then struck the victim over the head with what is believed to have been a handgun , causing a deep gash in their head . The suspects then took the bag and ran to a nearby waiting car and fled the scene .
Less than an hour later , Seattle patrol officers responded to a 911 call at Rainier Avenue S and S. Garden Street , where the caller said they were flagged down by a man who said they were stabbed in the neck . The subject was treated at the hospital for their injuries and identified as one of the suspects in the West Seattle robbery . They were then booked into the King County jail for Investigation of Robbery . Their name is not being released at this time .
The second incident occurred the next day at 2:40 a.m. in the 1100 block of Broadway Court in the Capitol Hill neighborhood . A man and woman were attacked , punched and robbed of their wallets and phones . The suspects then ran to what detectives believe is the same green Toyota .
Call 911 if you spot it or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS if you know where it is parked or have any information on the suspects . There is a cash reward of up to $ 1,000 .
New Delhi : Bangladesh , by any chance , are no more minnows . The fact that they have made it to the semi-finals of ICC Champions Trophy 2017 ahead of teams like Australia and New Zealand , proves why they ca n't be taken lightly .
And thus complacency would be the last thing in the mind of Virat Kohli 's men as they take on The Bangla Tigers in the second semi-final of the prestigious tournament .
India might look a more settled unit on paper , but Bangladesh 's strength has been their ability to produce a match-winning performance as a unit .
Here are some of the key players to watch out for from both teams :
Rohit Sharma : While Shikhar Dhawan has been on a roll in the tournament , Rohit Sharma has n't been in the best of form . The Mumbai batsman , widely regarded as one of the most elegant in modern day era , will be desperate to play a big knock in today 's game .
Jasprit Bumrah : The Yorker King might have had an ordinary tournament as per their standards , but the team management would have high expectations from him . At a time when other bowlers are struggling to bowl yorkers , the right-arm pacer can bowl them at will – something which Bangladesh will have to look out for .
Shakib Al Hasan : Bangladesh 's biggest cricketing hero , who pulled off a sensational chase in the previous match with a mind-blowing century , will once again be the key for the Bangla Tigers . Irrespective of whether Bangladesh bat first or chase , Shakib will have to put their experience into count both with the willow and the ball .
Mustafizur Rahman : The left-arm seamer , who is not in the best of form , has had enormous success against the Men in Blue . With plenty of variations up their sleeve , the seamer would be expected to take out The Fizz of the star-studded Indian batting line-up .
With clouds hovering over Edgbaston , it remains to be seen whether the fans can witness 100 overs of cricket .
England striker Danny Welbeck says they have emerged mentally stronger after a knee injury ruled them out of the 2016 European Championships and the 27-year-old is keen to make an impact in next month 's World Cup in Russia .
Welbeck was sidelined for eight months after undergoing surgery for the knee problem but the Arsenal forward has since forced their way back into England manager Gareth Southgate ` s plans .
`` Missing out on the last tournament with injury was frustrating for me , '' Welbeck told British media .
`` If you get a big injury , it is not easy at all to deal with it . It ` s a lonely period when you ` re not out on the pitch helping your teammates and doing what you love doing .
`` You can develop mentally when you ` re away from the pitch . You can take all that frustration , pain and hurt from not playing and try and use that as a way of helping you and reminding you of what you are missing out on . ''
Welbeck has 15 international goals in 37 matches , the most for any player in the squad bound for Russia and three more than first choice striker Harry Kane , and will look to add to their tally when England takes on Nigeria in a friendly on Saturday .
`` I haven ` t pointed that out to the manager , they know all the ins and outs but that is something I want to build on , '' Welbeck added ahead of the match at Wembley . `` I have had a lot of success on the international stage and I want that to continue . ''
England open their World Cup campaign with a Group G encounter against Tunisia in Volgograd on June 18 , before taking on Panama in Nizhny Novgorod on June 24 and finally Belgium in Kaliningrad four days later .
Washington • U.S . Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman 's first week in the post was a whirlwind as they landed in Moscow to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin and later flew back to Washington to sit down with President Donald Trump . They also gave their first public interview since taking the job — to their daughter Abby Huntsman on “ Fox and Friends . ”
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Medford 79 , Mosinee 55
Next : Lakeland at Medford , Tuesday at 7:15 p.m .
Gilman 69 , Columbus Catholic 50
Next : Owen-Withee at Gilman , Tuesday at 7:15 p.m .
GYMNASTICS
Marshfield 131.075 , Medford 109.7
Next : Medford at Rhinelander , Feb. 8 at 5:45 p.m .
BOYS HOCKEY
Mosinee Co-op 5 , Medford 0
Next : Medford at Tomahawk , Tuesday at 7 p.m .
CURLING
Medford at Stevens Point , no scores received
Next : Stevens Point at Medford , Tuesday at 3:45 p.m
Denver is gearing up for the holidays in a fantastic fashion this week . You 'll be able to find all kinds of beer releases ranging from The Last Jed-IPA by Strange Craft to the Christmas themed NOEL by AleSmith . This Saturday will be a busy one with Christmas markets , bar crawls and beer fests , so be sure to get outside and ring in the Christmas season with your friends and family .
Monday , December 11
Desk , Dine and Dash
When : Monday , December 11 , 11 a.m. – 4 p.m .
Where : Corinne — 1455 California St. , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : If you work in downtown Denver , you might have an issue with finding a quality lunch that fits within your hour-long time frame you get . But starting this Monday and lasting throughout the week , if you head to Corinne for lunch and you do n't get your food under 45 minutes then the meal is on the house .
Tuesday , December 12
10 Beers of Xmas Tap Takeover
When : Tuesday , December 12 , 11 a.m. – 9 p.m .
Where : Cedar Creek Pub — 2100 N. Ursula St. , Aurora
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Christmas is right around the corner , and that means one thing for breweries in Denver — Christmas beer is finally here . Starting this Tuesday at Cedar Creek Pub , you can find more than ten different types of seasonal beers that 'll help ring in the season of giving .
Wednesday , December 13
Wine and Cookie Pairing
When : Wednesday , December 13 , 6 p.m. – 8 p.m .
Where : Infinite Monkey Theorem— 3200 Larimer St. , Denver
Cost : $ 20
The Lowdown : There seems to be a beer and cookie event offered somewhere every week , but this week at The Infinite Monkey Theorem you can find its local wine with Good Sugar Baking Company cookies . Twenty dollars will get you four cookies with four different types of wine . This is a reservation only event so email [ email protected ] to reserve your spot .
Thursday , December 14
The Chef & the Slow Cooker
When : Thursday , December 14 , 12 p.m. – 2 p.m .
Where : Punch Bowl Social —65 Broadway , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Chef Hugh Acheson is on a 25-city tour to promote their new cookbook The Chef & The Slow Cooker . Featuring an interactive taco-making demonstration with supplies provided by Whole Foods and Cholula Hot Sauce , this is one book promotion you wo n't want to miss .
Stranahan 's Cocktail Pairing
When : Thursday , December 14 , 6 p.m. – 9 p.m .
Where : Stranahan 's Colorado Whiskey — 200 S. Kalamath St. , Denver
Cost : $ 25
The Lowdown : Colorado 's first micro-distillery is partnering with A Notte to offer patrons paired cocktails and appetizers . This casual event will be held in its cozy cocktail room so you can enjoy your cocktails and hors d'oeuvre in tranquility .
Mizu Izakaya 's One Year Anniversary Celebration
When : Thursday , December 14 , 7 p.m. – 11:55 p.m .
Where : Mizu Izakaya — 1560 Boulder St. , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Mizu Izakaya is celebrating its one year anniversary this Thursday to celebrate its customers . From 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. a Japanese sake and whisky event will take place leading up to the party at 9 p.m. Complimentary drink tickets will be given before 10 p.m. and all tickets will be given 20 percent off .
Friday , December 15
Star Wars Beer Releases & Movies
When : Friday , December 15 , 12 p.m. – 9 p.m .
Where : Strange Craft Beer Company — 1330 Zuni St. , Unit M , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : With Christmas right around the corner , it means one thing only for sci-fi fans — Star Wars is back . And to celebrate the release of episode VIII , Strange Craft is releasing special beers like The Last Jed-IPA . Strange Craft will be releasing these new beers from a galaxy far , far away this Friday while showing Star Wars movies right up to the release .
Saturday , December 16
Holiday Rumpus & Market
When : Monday , December 16 , 12 p.m. – 9 p.m .
Where : Call to Arms Brewing Company — 4526 Tennyson St. , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Holiday markets are my favorite thing about the holidays . It 's the perfect place to bring someone special , finish some last-minute Christmas shopping and , most importantly , get a little holiday buzz going . This year at Call to Arms Brewing Company , you can find it all — featuring new beer releases , food vendors like Copia Confectionery and a clothing drive .
Christmas and Cold Weather Beer Fest
When : Saturday , December 16 , 12 p.m. – 11 p.m .
Where : Hops & Pie— 3920 Tennyson St. , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Hops & Pie is getting festive this weekend , showcasing 15 different types of seasonal beer to get into the holiday spirit . Try beers like the Christmas BOMB by Prairie or NOEL by AleSmith . This event starts at noon , so be sure to get there early before it sells out .
Inaugural Gingerbread Invitational
When : Saturday , December 16 , 11 a.m. – 11 p.m .
Where : The Intrepid Sojourner Beer Project — 925 W. 8th Ave. , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : There 's nothing that says Christmas quite like a gingerbread house . This weekend at the Intrepid Sojourner Beer Project , you can find exactly that in the form of a gingerbread house competition between six breweries . Featuring live music , food from Karma Food Truck and a canned food drive that gets you $ 1 off every food item you bring , this will be a party that 'll make this Christmas season memorable .
Snow Day Bar Crawl
When : Saturday , December 16 , 2 p.m. – 10 p.m .
Where : Lodo 's Bar & Grill— 1946 Market St. , Denver
Cost : $ 25
The Lowdown : This Saturday , Snow Day is coming to Denver and giving the city the adult-styled snow day we all deserve . Register for this six-stop bar crawl , all offering original , affordable specials that 'll put the Christmas warmth in your heart . Register here before the ticket prices increase .
Denver Beer Festivus
When : Saturday , December 16 , 4 p.m. – 7 p.m .
Where : Wings Over the Rockies Air & Space Museum — 7711 E. Academy Blvd. , Denver
Cost : $ 65
The Lowdown : The Beer Festivus is coming back for the sixth time to the Mecca of craft-brewing . Every brewery within the Denver zip-code area is invited to come with its best for your sampling pleasure . Get your tickets here .
Wine Tasting with Infinite Monkey Theorem Urban Winery
When : Saturday , December 16 , 4 p.m. – 7 p.m .
Where : Amendment XXI — 2548 15th St. , Denver
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Ben Parson of the Infinite Monkey Theorem is heading to LoHi and offering wine tastings at Amendment XXI staring at 4 p.m . If you 're struggling to find that last person on your Christmas list a solid gift , this is the place to do it .
Sunday , December 17
Santa 's Cellar Party Extravaganza
When : Sunday , December 17 , 10 a.m .
Where : Parry 's Pizzeria — 9567 S. University Blvd. , Highlands Ranch
Cost : Free admission
The Lowdown : Parry 's Pizzeria is pulling out its cellar this Sunday and offering its customer a fantastic beer selection with more than 1300 bottles , some that were bottled five years ago . Featuring beers of all different varieties such as barleywines , dark ales , stouts and many more .
Hungry for More ?
Sign up here to get the best of our food desk delivered to your inbox .
Mark Your Calendars
Holiday Luau
When : Wednesday , December 20 , 6 – 9 p.m .
Where : Adrift —218 S. Broadway , Denver
Cost : $ 20 , all you can eat
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Whilst studying professional media at university , they worked in a pub as a bar tender .
Through hard graft and the right opportunity knocking at the door they were a businessman at the age of 23 .
That is how bar and restaurant owner Matthew Bull started out . Now with 20 years of hospitality experience , three businesses and a solid five-year plan they want to branch out further afield with their business developments .
Their latest venture , Liquor and Chow in Gloucester 's Westgate Street , is already a firm hit , but he 's not stopping there .
Matthew , 38 , from Cheltenham said : `` I worked my way through university and I know that I was in the right place at the right time when the opportunity came up to make an offer on my first business Thirteen Degrees .
`` That has been going well now for about 15 years and around five years ago I opened up my next business Six Degrees Of Separation which is in a prime location on Regent Street in Cheltenham by the theatre .
`` I knew that I wanted to come to Gloucester as so much is changing here and there is a real buzz about the future of Gloucester . We chose this location as it has the wonderful backdrop of Gloucester Cathedral .
`` There is a good development and regeneration plan in Gloucester , and businesses should do well with the student village that is being built . ''
More about Matthew Age : 38 Married to Natasha for 12 years . Pets : Husky called Neo Favourite Drink : Mojito Favourite pub grub : Pulled pork and mac and cheese burger Favourite Band : US band Builders and Butchers iPhone or Android : iPhone Hobbies : Snowboarding Dream holiday destination : Snowboarding in Japan
Matthew is a self-confessed workaholic . However they and their wife Natasha make sure that they take one day a week for each other .
Matthew said : `` It is really important that we make time for each other and the family . It may be something so simple that we do like walking the dog or watching Netflix , but life can be so full on you need that time . ''
Family is important to Matthew and their parents work with them behind the scenes .
Cafe Rene manager Chris Atine on life at the bar of one of Gloucester 's most eclectic pubs
Matthew said : `` My dad and I work on developing the business and new ideas and my mum works at the office in our Cheltenham HQ and keeping everything together . I love working with my parents and I would n't have it any other way ''
When Matthew is not working , they like to snow board .
They have been snowboarding for years , and managed to teach their wife and now they regularly go away on snow boarding trips together .
Matthew said : `` We love it now . I really want to go to Norway and maybe Sweden to snowboard next , but the ultimate destination that I want to go to snowboard is Japan . ''
Matthew has big plans for the future and they want to extend the Liquor & Chow brand out to Hereford , Worcester and Ludlow .
Matthew said : `` I have a five year plan and I hope that more Liquor & Chows will open up . It is really satisfying to see that all the hard work that you do pays off . I choose the decor and interior design of the buildings and do all the marketing as well .
`` It is great to see people coming in to the venues and enjoying the product that I 've created . ''
LEDYARD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Today , we are Cruisin ' Connecticut to Foxwoods , celebrating 25 years of gaming , entertainment and more !
Foxwoods President & CEO , Felix Rappaport spoke to us about the history of the the tribe and gaming :
We were the very first native American casino in the United States . We have been kind of the capital of entertainment since day one . Frank Sinatra opened our Fox Theater .
Foxwoods Chairman , Rodney Butler was in high school when Foxwoods first opened , and has risen through the tribe to be the head of the resort casino :
It 's absolutely amazing when you think about it . When you go back historically beyond the 25 years and think about where the tribe was 30 , 40 , 100 years ago . We 've been in this region thousands of years . To look at pig farms and wood cord sales and maple syrup tapping . That led to bingo . That led to this incredible resort facility that we have today .
In celebrating 25 years at Foxwoods , tonight at 8pm Smokey Robinson will play in the Fox Theater . Today at noon , there will be a 25-layer cake cutting ceremony open to the public .
To learn more about the extensive list of entertainment and events happening during Foxwoods ' 25th anniversary , visit Foxwoods.com
Know of cool people , places or events to check out for “ Cruisin ' Connecticut ? ” Email me , or let me know on : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram or Snapchat : @ RyanKristafer
A child and two adults have been burned after an explosion on a boat this morning ( April 24 ) .
Emergency services were called at around 8.45am after a woman , man and child were injured by the fire on the River Great Ouse in Willow Walk , Ely .
The ambulance service says the group have injuries to their hands and faces - and the severity of their injuries are not yet known .
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
For the latest news visit cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
You can also download our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time .
We 're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO - Taking care of 609,000 San Diegans , Kaiser Permanente will open up its doors to their new state-of-the-art facility offering seven levels of care .
The new San Diego Medical Center is located at 9455 Clairemont Mesa Boulevard in Kearny Mesa .
“ One in five San Diegans is a Kaiser Permanente member . Zion was built 50 years ago and has served us very well , but we 've outgrown it , ” said Jane Finley , Senior Vice President and Area Manager for Kaiser Permanente .
To meet the needs for more operating and emergency rooms , the over 650,000-square-foot facility was built , costing $ 850 million .
The hospital holds 321 beds , all of which are in interactive single-patient rooms with 75-inch flat screen television monitors . Each screen was designed not only to watch TV , but to offer on-demand education about their treatment . Each bed also offers virtual fall prevention , pain level monitoring , and caregiver alerts .
If you 're bringing in a new bundle of joy into the world , their labor and delivery may be your first choice .
“ There 's LED lighting on the outside of the doors so if a woman wants to announce she 's having a boy or a girl we can change those to pink or blue . Of course , there is also white as the surprise color , ” said Dr. Lisa Brown , OBGYN hospitalist .
The hospital is also environmentally friendly and incorporates the latest in environmental design to save on utility costs , making it LEED Platinum Certified .
The most important factor is the technology used throughout the hospital to improve patient care and safety both outside and inside the room .
“ I 'll know before I enter this room what I need to put on before I go in or I know this patient ca n't have anything to eat or drink so I 'm going to make sure no food is going in there , ” said Chief Nurse Executive Anne Marie Watkins .
The hospital also has four acres of outdoor healing gardens and walking paths for patients . A ribbon cutting will be taking place Saturday where a limited amount of tours will also be given to the public .
32.831403 -117.124636
Arlington 's new $ 1.1 billion ballpark is officially under construction , as crews begin working around the clock , six days a week , on the Texas Rangers ' new home . In order to be ready for the 2020 season , an estimated 97,000 truckloads of dirt must first be hauled away to make room for the 41,000 seat stadia .
Money raised from this year 's Buchan Vintage Tractor Road Run has been presented to representatives of the two chosen causes .
A total of £9,200 was raised from the event that took place on Sunday , April 23 .
The money raised was shared equally between the two causes with £4,600 presented both to the NHS Grampian Breast Unit Discretionary Fund and the Buchan Renal Unit .
The money was presented to Elizabeth Smyth , consultant breast surgeon from Royal Infirmary , and Linda Willows of the Buchan Renal Unit on Friday , June 9 .
Over 70 tractors took part in the road run this year that started from Fetterangus before making its way through Buchan and returning to the village .
Since 2003 the road run has raised a total of £101,150 for a number of local charities across Aberdeen City and Shire .
They might not like OMB 's approach , but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Joe Dunne said that Cambridge United 's 0-0 draw with Morecambe was the hardest game that they had been involved in during their 13-game tenure as interim head coach .
It was a war of attrition on the Lancashire coast and one that was , at times , lacking in much quality . But the U 's had to dig deep , with a team down to their bare bones and only four outfield players on the bench alongside young goalkeeper Finlay Iron , who played 24 hours beforehand .
This was particularly the case in the second half when Morecambe , who are still fighting for their lives at the bottom of the league , started to get a foothold in the match , but the U 's held on to secure their 18th clean sheet of the season .
“ The lads are dead on their feet , it was a really tough game , a game of attrition , ” the interim head coach said .
“ The circumstances behind the game , obviously with their situation going into the game , the emotion from Saturday , the energy we expelled in the game , to come up today and play a really tough game .
“ There was not a lot of space anywhere , with two teams canceling each other out at times but there were good moments in the match , a few good things happened in the second half .
“ But it was a real tough match , probably of all the 13 games I 've been involved in , I think it was probably the toughest in terms of there not really being any flow , a team stopping us how we want to go .
“ Great credit to the players for still getting something from the match and especially the goalkeeper . ”
The interim head coach deployed the U 's in a 4-2-3-1 formation with Dimi Mitov making their League debut in goal and Scotland-bound Uche Ikpeazu starting up front .
But , despite their limited options , they did try to mix things up as the game went on , bringing on Billy Waters for Dave Amoo to support lone striker Ikpeazu .
Things did eventually open up in the last 10 minutes but , despite not having the desired outcome , Dunne still said they were pleased with the work ethic of the team .
“ We changed it a couple of times during the game to try and get the flow of the wingers and the wide players who have been so exciting , ” Dunne said .
“ Going into the game I wanted to play this system I 've played at home away from home just to see whether it can cause problems .
“ Obviously on a bobbly pitch on a tough night , up north , all these things , we wanted to see what it was like .
“ Like I said , I think Morecambe were exceptionally well organised and made it really difficult for us and closed down any space and it was really tough and that 's what we want .
“ You do n't have thing your own way all the time , you do n't have the kind of games you get on Saturday all the time and I said that in my interview before the match .
“ Obviously the work ethic was there , that was important and the ability not to get beat was important and we thank the fans that have travelled . ”
PRINCETON , N.J. -- Physicians trained at the United States ' lowest-ranked medical schools write more opioid prescriptions than physicians trained at the highest-ranked schools , according to a study by Princeton University . The study suggests that better training for physicians , and for general practitioners in particular , could help curb the nation 's opioid epidemic .
From 2006 to 2014 , `` If all general practitioners had prescribed like those from the top-ranked school [ Harvard ] , we would have had 56.5 % fewer opioid prescriptions and 8.5 % fewer overdose deaths , '' said Janet M. Currie , the Henry Putnam Professor of Economics and Public Affairs at Princeton 's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs . Currie conducted the study with Molly Schnell , a Princeton Ph.D. candidate in economics .
Since 2000 , the number of opioid overdose deaths in the United States has doubled , and many of those deaths were caused by drugs legally prescribed by a physician . Currie and Schnell wondered whether they could find a relationship between physicians ' training and their propensity to prescribe opioids .
Using a variety of public and proprietary databases , they were able to match all 2 billion opioid prescriptions written in the United States from 2006 to 2014 against a key piece of information about prescribing doctors : U.S. News & World Report rankings of medical schools where they received their initial training . U.S. News publishes annual rankings for 92 medical schools . Currie and Schnell also considered unranked medical schools in the U.S. and abroad as separate categories .
The researchers wanted to know whether each physician wrote any opioid prescriptions at all in the course of a year , and if so , how many . They ran two analyses : one for all physicians , and one only for general practitioners , who write about half of the nation 's opioid prescriptions . Geographic data let them identify where the physicians practiced .
The results were striking . Compared to doctors trained at the highest-ranked schools , graduates of the lowest-ranked schools were considerably more likely to write any opioid prescriptions at all in a given year . And among the opioid prescribers , graduates of the lowest-ranked school wrote more prescriptions . These differences were most pronounced among general practitioners . `` General practitioners trained at Harvard write an average of 180.2 opioid prescriptions per year , those from the second- to fifth-ranked schools write 233 per year , and GPs from the seven lowest-ranked medical schools write nearly 550 , '' Currie said . Across all the ranked schools , the average number of opioid prescriptions rose as the rankings declined .
So far , Currie and Schnell had only found a correlation between doctors ' training and opioid prescriptions . Something else besides training could explain the differences they were seeing . In particular , doctors who went to lower-ranked schools might disproportionately see patients with a greater need for opioids , or personal characteristics of the people most likely to get into high-ranked schools might lead them to prescribe fewer opioids once they become doctors .
But the researchers found four pieces of evidence to support the idea that doctors ' training is behind the differences .
First , when Currie and Schnell compared physicians in the same specialty who practiced in the same hospital or clinic , they still saw differences in opioid prescriptions based on the rank of the doctors ' medical schools -- and it 's unlikely that these physicians see vastly different types of patients .
Second , they found that among doctors who receive the most training in pain management after medical school -- specialists in pain medicine , physical medicine and rehabilitation , and anesthesiology -- differences in opioid-prescribing practices were much smaller . That finding suggests that training rather than the doctors ' personal characteristics was the key factor behind their propensity to prescribe opioids .
Third , among foreign-trained doctors , prescribing practices varied with the region where they received their training . Doctors trained in the Caribbean and in Canada were more likely to prescribe opioids than doctors trained in other parts of the world .
Fourth , differences in opioid-prescribing practices were least pronounced among the most recent medical school graduates . Yet the highest-ranked schools grew even more selective during the study period . If the personal characteristics of people who get into high-ranked schools were driving the differences Currie and Schnell found , disparities in opioid prescriptions should have increased rather than fallen . The researchers speculated that instead , the best ideas in pain management training may be filtering down from higher- to lower-ranked medical schools .
`` A distinguishing feature of the opioid epidemic is that many overdoses and deaths can be attributed to legal opioids that were prescribed by a physician , '' Currie said . `` Training aimed at reducing prescribing rates among the most liberal prescribers , who disproportionately come from the lowest-ranked medical schools , could have large public health benefits . ''
The study , `` Addressing the Opioid Epidemic : Is There a Role for Physician Education ? , '' appeared on the NBER 's website in August 2017 . As a working paper , it was not peer-reviewed or subject to the review by the NBER Board of Directors that accompanies official NBER publications .
# # #
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos .
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos . Marvel
YOU 'D have to be living under a rock to have not heard about this week 's big new film , Avengers : Infinity War .
The film stars an A-list cast so big you could get through an entire tub of popcorn just watching the credits scroll by .
While its Anzac Day release has been labelled by some as a grubby cash grab , Infinity War is set to dominate the box office regardless .
The exciting thing for Marvel fans is that this super-size superhero epic , which brings all of the Avengers , Guardians of the Galaxy , Doctor Strange and more together for the first time , does n't play it safe .
This film will be dissected by fans and reviews for weeks to come .
Also out this week is the documentary Gurrumul , which explores the life and career of the late indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu .
Here are this week 's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them :
Avengers : Infinity War ( M )
Avengers Infinity Wars trailer : The first trailer for Marvel blockbuster featuring bad guy Thanos and just about everyone else .
The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before their blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe .
Why you should see it : Marvel has taken some big risks with this film in which no superhero is safe as Thanos proves to be a formidable foe . Read the review .
Gurrumul ( PG )
Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu ( 1971 - 2017 ) , also referred to since their death as Dr G Yunupingu , was an Indigenous Australian musician . They sang stories of their land both in Yol ? u languages such as G lpu , Gumatj or Djambarrpuynu , and in English . They were formerly a member of Yothu Yindi , and later Saltwater Band . They were the most commercially successful Aboriginal Australian musician at the time of their death . contributed
Celebrated by audiences at home and abroad , indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu was one of the most important and acclaimed voices to ever come out of Australia . Blind from birth , they found purpose and meaning through songs and music inspired by their community and country on Elcho Island in far North East Arnhem Land .
Why you should see it : With their posthumous album topping the ARIA chart just this past week , this stirring and soulful tribute to the singer is a must-see for music lovers . Read about the album .
Continuing
I Feel Pretty ( M )
I Feel Pretty trailer : Latest comedy from Amy Schumer
After a freak accident , Renee wakes up to a completely new reflection , believing they are now the most beautiful woman in the world . With a newfound confidence , they are empowered to live their life fearlessly and flawlessly .
Why you should see it : Amy Schumer always has their funny moments , but this film hits you over the head with the same joke . Overall , it 's just not that funny . Read the review .
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society ( M )
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society trailer : Wartime Guernsey is the setting for this film based on a popular book .
A writer forms an unexpected bond with the residents of Guernsey Island in the aftermath of World War II when they decide to write a book about their experiences during the war .
Why you should see it : This charming British film tells a fascinating , but little-known story - along with a heart-warming romance - and Lily James 's Juliet is easy to fall in love with . Read the review .
Super Troopers 2 ( MA 15+ )
Super Troopers 2 trailer : The Super troopers are back .
When an international border dispute arises between the US and Canada , the Super Troopers are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area .
Why you should see it : There are some old jokes that you 've heard before , but for the most part this sequel is hilarious and entertaining . Read the review .
Continuing
Rampage ( M )
Rampage trailer : The Rock saves the world again in this latest action adventure .
When a rogue genetic experiment turns a gentle ape into a raging monster , primatologist Davis Okoye teams with a genetic engineer to secure an antidote .
Why you should see it : Big monsters , silly action and Dwayne Johnson 's irresistible on-screen charm make this video game adaptation just fun enough to watch . Read the review .
Isle of Dogs ( PG )
Isle of Dogs trailer : Director Wes Anderson returns to the animated genre with this story of abandoned dogs in future Japan .
When the canine pets of Megasaki City are exiled to a vast garbage-dump called Trash Island , 12-year-old Atari sets off alone in a miniature Junior-Turbo Prop and flies across the river in search of their bodyguard-dog Spots .
Why you should see it : Director Wes Anderson has created one of their most quirky and finely detailed worlds yet in this wonderfully scrappy underdog tale . Read the review .
Truth or Dare ( M )
Truth or Dare trailer : A new entry in the `` do it or die '' horror genre .
A harmless game of truth or dare among friends turns deadly when someone - or something - begins to punish those who tell a lie or refuse the dare .
Why you should see it : This horror film may be from the producer of Get Out but it 's not nearly as inventive . If you 're after cheap scares and some dialogue that 's so bad it may be good , then this is your movie . Read the review .
A Quiet Place ( M )
A Quiet Place trailer : Husband and wife , John Krasinski and Emily Blunt team up in this sci fi thriller where the slightest noise brings death .
A family of four must navigate their lives in silence after mysterious creatures that hunt by sound threaten their survival . If they hear you , they hunt you .
Why you should see it : Star and director John Krasinksi is in fine form in this nerve-jangling twist on an alien apocalypse in which barely a line of dialogue is spoken . Read the review .
The life and death of Princess Diana is possibly the most popular discussion topic of the past 20 years—or at least it feels that way , judging by the sheer number of documentaries on the topic and conspiracy theories filling every corner of the web .
As we approach the anniversary of Diana 's fatal 1997 car crash , interest in the late royal has only grown . On Monday evening , National Geographic will air Diana : In Them Own Words , the latest in the growing collection of documentaries tied to the anniversary . Unlike most films on the topic , Nat Geo 's take uses Princess Di 's own voice recordings , taken from a series of interviews they did in 1991 that were later compiled in Andrew Morton 's 1992 biography , Diana : Them True Story .
These recordings , rarely heard in the years since , are unveiled in Diana : Them Own Words , which covers a broad spectrum of topics , including their tumultuous marriage to Prince Charles , their bulimia , and the constant hounding of the press .
`` Everybody knew about the bulimia in the family , '' Diana is heard saying on the tapes . `` They all blamed the failure of the marriage on the bulimia , and that 's taken some time to get them to think differently . ''
Princess Di also recounts confronting Camilla Parker Bowles prior to their 1996 divorce from Prince Charles , claiming they told her , “ I 'm sorry I 'm in the way . I 'm in the way , and it must be hell for both of you . But I do know what 's going on , do n't treat me like an idiot . ''
RELATED : 15 Actresses We Want to Play Princess Diana on Broadway
For more uncovered soundbites from Diana herself , tune into the National Geographic channel on Aug. 14 at 9 p.m . ET .
On March 17th , police responded to a report of a man swinging a baseball bat in the middle of the road and charging at a moving vehicle .
When officers arrived , Gerald Stillsmoking was standing in the middle of the intersection , shirtless , staring up at the sky , and making odd movements with their arms . As police approached , they noted Stillsmoking did not have a bat in their hand .
According to charging documents , an officer asked Stillsmoking what they were doing , to which they replied by kicking off their shoes , one boot and one sandal , then stated : `` Let 's do this . ''
Police drew their tazers and ordered Stillsmoking to the ground several times , but they continued to hop around , clenching their fists and making quick movements as if they were preparing to fight .
Officers attempted to grab their arms , but they reportedly pulled away so they forced them to the ground on their stomach . Charging documents state they continued to resist officers by kicking at them . During the struggle , Stillsmoking was knocked unconscious .
While escorting Stillsmoking to the patrol car , police discovered a wooden club leaning against a fire hydrant .
Stillsmoking has prior convictions for Theft ( Revoked ) , Criminal Endangerment ( Revoked ) , Criminal Trespass to Property , Disorderly Conduct , Obstructing a Peace Officer , Theft , Assault , and Criminal Trespass to Vehicles .
They are now charged with Disorderly Conduct , Resisting Arrest , Obstructing a Peace Officer or Other Public Servant , and Assault on Peace Officer or Judicial Officer . The State has requested their bond be set in the amount of $ 10,000 .
“ Notes on a Banana : A Memoir of Food , Love , and Manic Depression ” ( Dey Street ) , by David Leite
Much has been contributed to the cannon of first-person literature on anxiety and mental health disorders .
But David Leite , a James Beard Award-winning food writer and cookbook author , offers a witty account to the trove with their new memoir , “ Notes on a Banana : A Memoir of Food , Love , and Manic Depression . ”
Leite takes the reader on a coming-of-age journey — from their childhood in the blue-collar city of Fall River , Massachusetts , to a working professional in New York City .
Advertisement
First , Leite grew up in a devoutly Catholic and food-crazed Azorean family . “ Food . It was one of the ways we bonded , ” they write .
In this traditional Portuguese family , living in what they call the “ armpit of Massachusetts , ” Leite learned to be a big dreamer . In fact , dreaming is what sustained them throughout a childhood that was speckled with transgressions like a neighbor 's sexual advances . The whole time , Leite is struggling to understand the range of their emotions that seems to run higher and lower than what they believe to be the normal spectrum .
As a nod to the book 's title , their mother often referred to their son affectionately as “ banana. ” They also write brief messages on bananas for their son . One of these messages is “ Jesus loves you ! ”
Admittedly , their mother “ is a blood hound for Jesus , ” they write . “ She can sniff out sin before it happens the way some people smell burnt toast before a seizure . ”
Complicating their early teen years , Leite starts becoming aware of the fact that he 's gay . This is n't something they share with their parents until he 's an adult and in a relationship with their long-term partner , Alan , many years later .
Leite 's dreaming and ambition propelled them to a considerable amount of success as a writer for the likes of Bon Appétit and other glossy magazines . They eventually started their own website , Leite 's Culinaria , for which they won the coveted James Beard Award — twice .
Logophiles will appreciate the author 's expansive vocabulary and readers will enjoy Leite 's ability to bring levity to a host of serious — and sometimes sad — subjects .
The book gives a universal account of complications that many lives encounter , but “ Notes on a Banana ” brings levity and humor to the hardships the author recounts .
Celebrities are pretty lucky : If they want to get in shape , they can hire just about any trainer they want to come right to their homes and get their muscles burning . Which is part of why people were shocked to hear that actor Katherine Heigl turned to an app — Kayla Itsines ' Sweat app , which runs their Bikini Body Guide program , or BBG — to get their post-baby body .
But the Australian personal trainer , 26 , is leading a fitness empire thanks to the popularity of BBG among celebrities and the average person . For Itsines , the best part about a celebrity like Heigl using their program knows how far it 's spread across the globe .
“ I think it 's nice that women from all over the world are doing it , ” they told PEOPLE at the launch of Westfield 's Beauty & Balance program in New York City . “ I do n't mind if it 's a celebrity or anyone in this room . I just like that women are getting on board . And the fact that the community has reached so far that celebrities are using it as well , I just think that 's cool . ”
Katherine Heigl 's BBG Instagram post Katherine Heigl/Instagram
Heigl is n't the only famous name who is a BBG fan : Itsines says that Girls star Allison Williams has also used BBG , and they reached out to tell Istines about their love for the 12-week-long program .
“ I had a lady message me saying ‘ Oh I do your programs and I 'm a big fan ' and it was Allison Williams from Girls , ” says Itsines , 26 . “ And now we 're mates . In New York , I visit her , and we talk all the time . I was messaging them the other day , ‘ I 'm too scared to watch your movie . It 's on the plane , I 'm too scared to watch it . ' They were like ‘ Just do it ! ' It 's nice to have this sort of people in your life . ”
Itsines and their partner Tobi Pearce published their first Bikini Body Guide as an e-book in January 2014 , never guessing how huge it would become . Itsines says they were compelled to create the program after seeing a massive hole in the fitness market when it came to workouts designed specifically for women .
“ [ By excluding women ] , you 're losing half the market , ” they say . “ I just wanted to focus on my market , which was women . ”
But It 's popularity , they say , is n't just because the program is for females — or that each workout session is only 28 minutes long . The community that 's developed around BBG helps women connect with each other and feel empowered .
Kayla Itsines Courtesy Westfield
“ We 've brought women together from all over the world through social media , ” they say . It 's particularly popular on Instagram , where women share side-by-side photos of themselves at the start , middle and end , and Itsines frequently re-shares them on their own page . They think that the stories behind the photos are what makes the program so compelling .
“ It 's not even the progress photos , it 's the stories behind them , ” they say . “ I think that 's what grabs them . If you read the story , it sort of changes your mind . I think that 's what is so powerful about the progress photos . It 's not I relate to their body type , it 's like I can relate to them story . ”
For Itsines , fitness is all about feeling confident in your skin no matter what you look like . As they say : “ What 's the point of being the most aesthetically beautiful person in the world if you do n't like what you see ? ”
Them philosophy ? “ Focus on how you feel , and not how you look . ”
EAST HAVEN , Conn. ( WTNH ) — East Haven firefighters responded to a fire a 3-story home on Gerrish Avenue , early on Monday morning .
The East Haven Fire Department was dispatched to 131 Gerrish Avenue at 3:25 a.m .
Dispatchers say that the fire was under control in about a hour , although investigators remained on-scene through the morning .
There were no injuries reported . Gerrish Avenue was closed temporarily , but reopened around 4:30 a.m .
Branford firefighters were enlisted as mutual aid , covering East Haven Fire Department Headquarters at 200 Main Street .
BHOPAL : Two people have been arrested in connection with the alleged assault of the Madhya Pradesh-based model who had met with an accident following the incident .
The accused tried to 'pull ' their skirt while they were travelling on their scooter . The incident allegedly took place at a busy stretch of road on Sunday morning .
Indore : 2 people have been arrested by the police for allegedly molesting a model . # MadhyaPradesh pic.twitter.com/VpKGpLbh30 — ANI ( @ ANI ) April 24 , 2018
The victim claimed that they were riding their scooter when two guys tried to pull their skirt . While trying to avoid them , they lost balance and met with an accident , receiving several injuries .
Taking to social media , the woman had written , `` Two guys tried to pull my skirt while I was on my XXX and said , 'dikhao Iske niche Kya hai ? ' I tried to stop them and lost control and met with an accident . ''
`` It happened on one of the busiest roads and nobody tried to stop them . They ran away , and I could n't even see their number . I 've never felt so helpless . I 'm not the kind of girl who will just sit and watch . Those fiends ran away , and I could n't do anything .
The woman later revisited the area but could not find any CCTV cameras on the spot .
This incident comes days after the body of a six-month-old infant was recovered from the basement of a building in Indore , with the police arresting the victim 's uncle for rape and murder .
After soaring to $ 4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend , the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise , topping a record $ 4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago , according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange .
Bitcoin settled back under the $ 4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning , according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency .
`` The bitcoin market cap soared past $ 70 billion , '' says CryptoCoins News , adding that a `` flippening '' that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass , as `` bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal . ''
A bitcoin could be bought for around $ 570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today 's exchange rate .
Reporting on the rise , the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $ 138 billion on Monday .
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors , from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash . That change , which became official on Aug. 1 , was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure ; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently .
Formally introduced in 2009 , bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors . And blockchain , the technology that underlies bitcoin , has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs .
Other factors , such as bitcoin 's role as a hedge against political uncertainty , also play a role . A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a `` surge of interest '' in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats . The network also says there 's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan , with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases .
It 's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders . After the virtual currency hit a record $ 2,420 in May , The Economist ran a story asking , `` What if the bitcoin bubble bursts ? '' and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips .
Noting that `` Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $ 1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010 , when the price stood at $ 0.05 , would now have a stash worth $ 46 million , '' The Economist added , `` Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable . '' — before concluding , `` If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble , this is it . ''
By The Associated Press
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Clint Capela scored a career-high 28 points , James Harden had 26 points and 17 assists and the Houston Rockets beat the New Orleans Pelicans 130-123 on Monday night for their 10th straight victory .
The game was tied with about three minutes remaining after Harden made two free throws . Those were the first of seven straight points by Harden that put Houston up 124-119 with 1:30 left .
Jrue Holiday then scored for New Orleans , but Harden responded with a 3-pointer . Harden also made two free throws to make it 129-121 with 34 seconds left .
Holiday had a season-high 37 points for the Pelicans . E'Twaun Moore scored career-high 36 points and made six of New Orleans ' franchise-record 18 3-pointers .
Advertisement
BULLS 108 , CELTICS 85
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points , Bobby Portis added a career-high 23 and Chicago rolled to its third straight win .
The last-place Bulls built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders . When Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth , Chicago pulled away for the runaway victory .
The Celtics played without star guard Kyrie Irving , who was sidelined by bruised left quadriceps .
Before Monday night , Mirotic and Portis had only made headlines together this season for the wrong reasons . Mirotic missed the first 23 games with facial fractures they suffered in a fight at practice with Portis .
Al Horford scored 15 points for Boston .
HORNETS 116 , THUNDER 103
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — Dwight Howard scored 23 points , leading Charlotte to the road win .
Kemba Walker had 19 points for the Hornets , who had lost seven of eight . Marvin Williams scored 18 , and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 17 points .
It was Charlotte 's second road win of the season in 12 tries .
Russell Westbrook had 30 points and seven assists and Paul George scored 20 points for the Thunder after missing the previous two games with a right calf contusion .
Charlotte shot 53 percent from the field against one of the league 's best defensive teams . The Bobcats made 13 of 25 3-point attempts .
HEAT 107 , GRIZZLIES 82
MEMPHIS , Tenn. ( AP ) — Goran Dragic scored 19 points , leading the balanced Heat to the victory .
Miami shot 56.1 percent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win . Josh Richardson had 17 points , and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece .
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games . Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16 .
CARACAS , Venezuela ( AP ) — Venezuela 's ruling socialists swept nearly all the races for mayors across the country , and President Nicolas Maduro is now threatening to ban key opposition parties from future elections in the oil-rich country wracked by economic crisis .
Hundreds of supporters shouted “ Go Home , Donald Trump ” to interrupt Maduro at a rally late Sunday in the colonial center of Caracas , where they announced that pro-government candidates grabbed more than 300 of the 335 mayoral offices .
Sunday 's voting marked the last nationwide elections before next year 's presidential race when Maduro is expected to seek another term despite their steep unpopularity .
“ The imperialists have tried to set fire to Venezuela to take our riches , ” Maduro told the crowd . “ We 've defeated the American imperialists with our votes , our ideas , truths , reason and popular will . ”
The elections played out as Venezuelans struggle with triple-digit inflation , shortages of food and medicine , and charges that Maduro 's government has undermined democracy by imprisoning dissidents and usurping the powers of the opposition-controlled National Assembly .
Three of the four biggest opposition parties refused to take part in Sunday 's contests , protesting what they called an electoral system rigged by a “ dictator. ” The last time the opposition refused to compete in congressional elections in 2005 it strengthened the government 's hand for years .
After dropping their vote into the cardboard ballot box earlier in the day , Maduro responded to the boycott .
“ A party that has not participated today can not participate anymore , ” Maduro said . “ They will disappear from the political map . ”
This has been a turbulent year for Venezuela , which holds the world 's largest oil reserves but has been battered by low crude prices and a crash in production . The country saw months of protests that left more than 120 dead earlier this year , and it is now facing U.S. economic sanctions as it seeks to refinance a huge international debt .
The struggles have caused the president 's approval rating to plunge , although the opposition has been largely unable to capitalize on Maduro 's unpopularity .
Maduro said the third electoral victory for the ruling party in little more than four months signaled that the socialist “ Chavista ” revolution begun by the late President Hugo Chavez has defeated its opponents who are intent on sowing violence in the country .
In a country of 30 million people , 9 million cast ballots — about half of eligible voters . Maduro 's opponents on social media questioned the figures .
The mayoral elections follow a crushing defeat of opposition candidates in October 's gubernatorial elections , where anti-Maduro candidates won just five of 23 races amid allegations of official vote-buying and other irregularities .
Given the opposition 's disarray , political analysts said they doubted Maduro 's opponents would be able to rally behind a single candidate in next year 's presidential election .
“ These were absolutely predictable results , ” local pollster Luis Vicente Leon said on Twitter . “ It 's absurd to think that an abstaining political force can win the majority of mayorships . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Related Coverage Stretch Your Dollar : How to save money on gas
NEW HAVEN , Conn. ( WTNH ) – Retail gasoline prices in New Haven have fallen 0.4 cents per gallon in the last week . The average price per gallon in the city was $ 2.64 on Sunday , according to GasBuddy 's daily survey of 229 gas outlets in New Haven .
This price decrease is something to celebrate considering the national average has increased 2.5 cents per gallon in the last week , averaging $ 2.54 per gallon , according to GasBuddy.com .
Related Content : Stretch Your Dollar : How to save money on gas
Historical data from the GasBuddy website shows how much gasoline prices have ranged over the last five years in New Haven . From 2013 to 2017 , the price of gas per gallon has decreased by $ 1.56 .
“ Gas prices remained mostly in check over the last week , yet the national average pushed higher than seasonal factors continue to weigh on the market , led by jumps at the pump in some Great Lakes states over the weekend , ” said Patrick DeHaan , head of petroleum analysis for GasBuddy . “ The national average now stands at its highest level in over a month and is likely to continue moving higher in the weeks ahead as demand continues to recover from the winter blues and the transition to summer gasoline kicks into high gear . ”
DeHaan warns that even local gas prices will rise once the summer months arrive .
“ Overall , gas prices this spring will come in some 10-25 % higher than a year ago , removing billions of dollars from other areas of the economy that will instead be funneled to the pump , ” they said .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
A bus carrying Australian and New Zealand travellers to the dawn service at Gallipoli burst into flames
Hitler 's in , national parks are out . Strangest banned and allowed books in Texas prisons
The Texas prison system has an inconsistent method of deciding which books are allowed in the state prisons . The books are scanned by mail room attendants for violent or otherwise inappropriate content . Several banned books have similar permitted versions and some of the outlawed literature just does n't make sense . Take a look at the ten most surprising books you can have in Texas prisons and the ten most surprising banned titles .
OXON HILL , Md . ( AP ) - For 15 years , the Rev . Brian Sietsema sat quietly next to Scripps National Spelling Bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly , just in case the indefatigable Bailly was somehow unable to fulfill their duties .
Bailly never missed a word .
But this year , the bee nearly doubled in size thanks to a new wild-card program , and Bailly knew they could wreck their voice if they did n't take some breaks over three full days of spelling .
`` I could run myself into the ground doing this , because I just love doing it , '' Bailly said . `` I do n't really want to take a break , but ... I 've got to do some pacing . ''
That meant Sietsema , the bee 's longtime associate pronouncer , handled Bailly 's duties Wednesday for two of the five groups of spellers - about 180 kids total .
`` It was very exciting , '' Sietsema said . `` It was a thrill . ''
Sietsema , a Greek Orthodox priest from Lansing , Michigan , cuts a striking figure among bee officials with their dark suit and white collar . Despite their religious vocation , they have a resume that suits the bee . A former linguistics professor , they worked for years as the pronunciation editor for Merriam-Webster .
Like Bailly , a classics professor and a former Scripps bee champion , Sietsema derives tremendous satisfaction from working with young spellers .
`` It 's wonderful to be part of a program that rewards young people who focus on scholastic and educational endeavors , '' Sietsema said . `` To see their enthusiasm about literacy , about linguistics , just feeds my soul in a way that I ca n't quite describe . ''
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of Bailly and Sietsema over two days of preliminary rounds , and nearly 200 misspelled words onstage . The 41 semifinalists were determined by results of a written spelling and vocabulary test .
One of the top scorers was 12-year-old Shruthika Padhy of Cherry Hill , New Jersey , who finished seventh in last year 's bee and is considered one of the favorites this year . But even they got a few answers wrong .
`` We thought it was an easy test , '' bee director Paige Kimble said . `` We were wrong . ''
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year 's bee :
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary , word roots and language patterns . Then there 's Rebekah Zeigler .
The 13-year-old from Polo , Illinois , is certainly an accomplished speller . She 's competing for the fourth time , although she 's never made the finals .
That may be because they also compete in tumbling , volleyball , soccer , softball , basketball , cheerleading and track and field . Next month she 'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships .
`` I do n't have a lot of free time , '' Rebekah said .
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds , mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers .
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling , known as Round 3 , because a written test constitutes the first round . But they spelled `` yarrow '' correctly and achieved their goal for the week , adding , `` I was really nervous and dreading it all week . ''
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula , Montana , was heading out to lunch with their mom after they misspelled `` balaclava . ''
Or so they thought .
`` My mom got a phone call that told them I was reinstated , '' Reagan said . `` I was like , 'Oh , sweet ! ' ''
Turns out , the spelling Reagan gave - `` Balaklava '' - is a city in Ukraine . Since the judges did n't warn them that their word had a homonym and because Reagan did n't ask for the definition - a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face - their spelling was deemed correct after further review .
`` I had no idea what the word meant , '' Reagan said .
Still , their spelling was n't a complete guess . They asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean , which led them to include a `` k '' instead of a `` c . ''
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined they or they misspelled a word , Kimble said .
DEAD AIR
Considering how far they had to travel to get to the bee , Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking their time at the microphone .
Daniel lives in Fairbanks , Alaska , one of three spellers from the state . But the 4,100-mile ( 6,600-kilometer ) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old : This is their second time in the bee , and two of their older sisters also competed .
When Daniel starts spelling , he 's more deliberate than most , pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air . Their word on Wednesday was `` quietude , '' and they created some .
`` I made too many mistakes by going fast , '' they said . `` After each letter , I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is . ''
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/APBenNuckols
Islamabad : Pakistan Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has said that Islamabad wants positive and constructive relations with its neighbours on the basis of sovereign equality .
`` Pakistan desires positive and constructive relations with all the countries of the world , especially with its neighbours on the basis of sovereign equality , '' Abbasi said in their address to the nation on the occasion of Pakistan ` s 70th Independence Day .
`` The people of South Asia have suffered enormously in the last fifty years due to the festering conflicts . Until and unless those conflicts are resolved amicably , the people of the region can not achieve prosperity and progress , '' they added .
Abbasi ` s remarks holds importance as tensions between India and Pakistan are running high amid spree of ceasefire violations and cross-border infiltration from Islamabad ` s side .
Relations between India and Pakistan worsened after several terror attacks including one on an Indian military base in Uri and also on an Indian air force base in Pathankot .
The situation between both nations further deteriorated after a Pakistan military court announced a death sentence to former Indian Naval officer Kulbhushan Jadhav .
Relations between the two nations have been particularly worsened after the 2008 Mumbai attacks by Pakistan based terrorists .
What is free , widely available and helps make a difference to people , families and communities ?
Going to the library is one the UK 's most popular activities , with over 280 million visits recorded in 2013-14 .
According to York university librarian Ned Potter , over this period more people went to the library than to Premier League football matches ( 13.9 million ) , the theatre ( 22 million ) and the cinema ( 165.5 million ) combined .
The West Sussex Library Service runs the libraries in Bognor Regis , Chichester , Midhurst , Petworth , Selsey , Southbourne , Willowhale and the Witterings , plus a community mobile library for smaller towns and villages .
Gareth Edmunds , library manager for Chichester , Midhurst , Petworth , Selsey , Southbourne and Witterings libraries , said the service was valued by residents and county councillors .
Gareth said : “ Here in West Sussex , we have maintained our libraries over recent years despite extreme financial challenges . Libraries are a vitally important service , providing community spaces , supporting literacy and wellbeing and reducing social isolation .
“ A strong network of libraries keeps libraries at the forefront of information and learning in our communities . ”
Today , health , reading , digital , information and learning are five key areas for all ages .
Libraries encourage and enable reading for pleasure , for example providing books for reading groups , some of whom meet up in their local libraries . Their doors are also open to children , young people and families , who learn together on a variety of subjects , such as ‘ Baby rhyme time ' and ‘ Knit and natter ' .
In addition , libraries serve as community hubs , where health and well-being partners provide valuable help and information , such as online digital access to key health information sites , and schemes such as Reading Well Books on Prescription , which helps people understand and manage their own health and wellbeing .
Libraries provide digital services and library staff , while volunteers help library customers develop digital skills . This includes free internet access to members of the library service and clear and accessible online library services such as eInformation , eBooks , eAudio books , eComics , eMagazines and eNewspapers , plus Access to Research , frequently on a 24/7 basis .
“ The information service supports people with access to life-critical areas such as careers and job seeking , health , personal finance , and benefits . The information provided is carefully checked and much better than just Googling ! ”
The work of library staff is boosted by the support of an army of volunteers , who lend a hand on a one-off or regular basis .
Children 's services volunteers support children 's activities in libraries , including ‘ rhyme times ' , ‘ story times ' and homework clubs .
Community library support volunteers , meanwhile , help members of the public and assist in library routines in community libraries .
There are also openings for computer buddies to help people learn the basics of using computers and the internet , either one-to-one or in groups .
Duke of Edinburgh ( DofE ) Award volunteers , on the other hand , can serve in a library as part of the scheme , helping customers and supporting a variety of routines .
Home library direct volunteers visit people who can no longer reach the library in their own homes or care homes ; they choose , deliver and return library books and other items .
Local history volunteers help organise local studies collections , including the digitisation of photographs , and work on local history projects .
There are also openings for occasional volunteers . They can help with events , surveys and book sales , select books for care homes and promote and support the Library Service at local community events .
Reading group volunteers are also needed to run library-based reading groups or set up new reading groups in their areas .
Upcoming library events this month include a Christmas coffee morning at the Witterings Library on Thursday , December 14 ; a Christmas coffee afternoon at Southbourne Library on Friday , December 15 ; a Christmas coffee morning at Selsey Library on Tuesday December 19 ; and a Christmas coffee morning at Chichester Library on Thursday , December 21 .
January 2018 events include an introduction to library resources for business start-ups on Saturday , January 20 , at Chichester Library , featuring short ten- to 15-minute drop-in sessions between 10am and noon .
Ongoing regular activities include ‘ rhyme time ' , ‘ toddler time ' , ‘ story time ' , ‘ knit and natter ' and reading group meetings .
Digital assistance sessions now take place at Bognor Regis and Chichester libraries ; Bognor Regis library also holds monthly National Careers Service sessions .
To find out more , see www.westsussex.gov.uk/libraries/whats-on-in-libraries/
New Delhi : Bollywood 's Mr Perfectionist Aamir Khan proved with 'Dangal ' that this moniker has been well earned by them in every respect . The superstar , that they refuse to call themselves not only delivered a class performance as Mahavir Singh Phogat , who self- taught their daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari in wrestling but also justified their one movie a year stance .
'Dangal ' directed by Nitesh Tiwari has been garnering a positive response from all quarters and rightly so . The film is minting huge moolah at the box office and has already left us stumped with its immense success .
Noted film critic and trade analyst Taran Adarsh took to Twitter and shared how 'Dangal ' has fared in the domestic market as well as internationally .
# Dangal is on a RECORD SMASHING spree ... Will cross ₹ 250 cr today [ Sun ] . [ Week 2 ] Fri 18.59 cr , Sat 22.72 cr . Total : ₹ 239.01 cr . India biz — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) January 1 , 2017
# Dangal is TERRIFIC internationally ... OVERSEAS - Total till Sat , 31 Dec : $ 19.28 million [ ₹ 131.02 cr ] ... Some screens yet to report . — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) January 1 , 2017
# Dangal puts up a MASSIVE , HISTORIC TOTAL in Weekend 2 ... Collects ₹ 72.93 cr ... All set to hit ₹ 300 cr mark in days to come ... — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) January 2 , 2017
# Dangal is SENSATIONAL in Weekend 2 ... [ Week 2 ] Fri 18.59 cr , Sat 23.07 cr , Sun 31.27 cr . Total : ₹ 270.47 cr . India biz . FANTABULOUS ! — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) January 2 , 2017
# Dangal
Crossed ₹ 50 cr - Day 2
Crossed ₹ 100 cr - Day 3
Crossed ₹ 150 cr - Day 5
Crossed ₹ 200 cr - Day 8
Crossed ₹ 250 cr - Day 10 — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) January 2 , 2017
The film shows how Mahavir prepared their daughters for the big game despite facing a backlash of their peers . Geeta became India 's first female wrestler to win at the 2010 Commonwealth Games , where they won the gold medal in 55 kg whereas Babita Kumari won the silver in 51 kg .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - New York 's Empire State Building will go dark to honor the victims of the deadly van attack in Toronto .
The lights atop the world famous tower in midtown Manhattan will darken on Tuesday night .
A van plowed into pedestrians on a Toronto sidewalk on Monday , killing 10 people and injuring 15 others .
The driver , 25-year-old Alek Minassian , has been charged with multiple counts of first-degree murder and attempted murder .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Moscow shares the sentiment of countries including the United States and the European Union hoping for renewed dialogue , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday , clarifying the equal nature of potential dialogue .
`` Both in Washington and in European capitals there is talk these days of the need to restore confidence and resume dialogue with Russia . We share this attitude , which will hopefully translate into practical steps , '' Lavrov said at a meeting with the Russian Diplomatic Academy students and professors .
Educators and those working to grow the tech sector push for more computer science in New Mexico .
Jamie Herzlich Herzlich writes the Small Business column in Newsday .
If you 're an employer with a blanket policy to conduct post-accident drug and alcohol testing on employees , it may be time to review your procedures .
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration recently published guidance on this issue , making it clear that there must be a reasonable basis for conducting such testing — and stating that it should n't be used as a disciplinary measure against employees reporting an injury or illness .
“ OSHA is going to be scrutinizing employers ' post-accident drug and alcohol testing policies and practices as a result of this , ” says Kathryn Russo of Jackson Lewis P.C . Russo , a practice leader in the firm 's drug testing and substance abuse management group , who works out of the national law firm 's Melville office .
In October , OSHA published a memorandum detailing its stance on post-accident drug and alcohol testing . The memo explained earlier commentary from the agency about a new electronic record-keeping rule published in May , Russo says . The rule requires some employers to report injury and illness information electronically , and prohibits retaliation against employees who report workplace injuries and illnesses , they say .
Before this , there was n't any formal OSHA guidance on post-accident drug and alcohol testing , Russo says .
The new memo makes it clear that employers may conduct post-incident drug testing , but should do so only when there is a reasonable possibility that employee drug use could have contributed to the reported injury or illness , Department of Labor spokesperson Mandy Kraft said in an email .
Drug testing an employee whose injury could not possibly have been caused by drug use would likely be a violation . For example , drug testing an employee for reporting a repetitive strain injury would likely not be reasonable because drug use could not have contributed to the injury , the guidance says .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The new document is meant to explain “ how the long-standing prohibition on retaliating against employees for reporting work-related injuries could apply to post-injury drug testing , ” Kraft says .
OSHA addressed the issue to respond to concerns that the new electronic reporting requirements “ could create increased incentives for employers to deter or discourage employees from reporting work-related injuries and illnesses through retaliation , including retaliatory drug testing , ” they say .
Employers should make sure they are not imposing a blanket post-accident drug testing policy , unless such blanket testing is required of them under federal or state law , says Thomas J. Bianco , a partner in Mineola-based Meltzer , Lippe , Goldstein & Breitstone LLP 's labor and employment law practice group .
They should be prepared , if questioned , to justify why the company picked that employee to be drugged tested , they say . It should be based on objective evidence , such as conduct by the employee that led the firm to believe drug and alcohol use likely contributed to the accident , Bianco , a certified OSHA instructor , says .
Document any employee behavior or actions that led you to have a reasonable suspicion that drug or alcohol use was involved , they say .
But everyone can interpret “ reasonable ” differently , says Charles Hunt , chief operating officer of Massapequa Park-based Able Safety Consulting LLC , which provides OSHA compliance assistance .
They advise employers to use OSHA 's recommendation as guidance when creating their health and safety plans , but Hunt questions whether employers will be grappling with the electronic recordkeeping rule in the coming year .
“ It could possibly be repealed under the new administration because businesses find it burdensome , ” Hunt says .
REDDING , Conn. ( AP ) — Students at a Connecticut high school are rallying for four classmates who remain hospitalized after they lost control of their car and crashed it over the weekend . The Connecticut Post reports that two students from nearby high schools were also injured .
Students at Joel Barlow High School in Connecticut kicked off a card campaign Monday , after a weekend spent worrying about the six teenage students injured in the single-car crash Friday evening . All six students remain hospitalized , and police say they are unable to provide information on their conditions .
Many details of the crash are still under investigation by Connecticut police , Chief Douglas Fuschs said , adding that investigating crashes like this can take months .
___
Information from : Connecticut Post , http : //www.connpost.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
We 're back live again this morning with the Cambridge News live blog , here to bring you the latest traffic and travel news from across the county , and beyond .
For the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads , including the A14 , M11 and A1 , that might affect your route into work , check out the updates as they happen below
Delays and cancellations on the trains , affecting commuters heading into and out of London , and across Cambridgeshire , will also be updated in the blog .
We will also be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport .
And , we 'll also be bringing you the latest news and sport from around the city , and across the country , as well as the best of What 's On in the region .
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter @ CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page .
Former First Congregational Church Senior Minister Dale Rosenberger has announced the engagement of their daughter , Lise Rosenberger , to Wells Hamilton , son of Paige Hamilton of Austin , Texas , and Brock Hamilton of Ridgefield . Ms. Rosenberger is also the daughter of the late Patty Rosenberger .
Ms. Rosenberger , a graduate of Middlebury College , is an executive recruiter for Investment Banking with Choi & Burns in New York , N.Y. Mr. Hamilton , a graduate of the United States Naval Academy , is a United States Marine Corps captain in Cherry Point , N.C. , where they are a tactical jet pilot .
A January wedding is planned .
Kabul : The Islamic State group is claiming its fighters have captured Osama bin Laden 's infamous Tora Bora mountain hideout in eastern Afghanistan .
IS released an audio recording saying its signature black flag is flying over the hulking mountain range . The message was broadcast on the militants ' Radio Khilafat station in the Pashto language late yesterday .
It also says IS has taken over several districts and urged villagers who fled the fighting to return to their homes and stay indoors .
The Tora Bora mountains hide a warren of caves in which al-Qaeda militants led by bin Laden hid from U.S . Coalition forces in 2001 , after the Taliban fled Kabul .
Afghan officials earlier said fighting between IS and the Taliban , who controlled Tora Bora , began on Tuesday but could n't confirm its capture .
New Delhi : India 's two-day tour game ahead of their three-match Test series in South Africa has been cancelled , Cricket South Africa ( CSA ) said on Monday .
The Indians have instead , as per CSA , opted for training sessions on those days .
`` Please be advised that the two-day warm-up match for India at Eurolux Boland Park will no longer be taking place . India have opted for training sessions on those days , '' the CSA said in a release .
No official reason has been given for the cancellation of the warm-up game but the change in schedule would mean that India will head into the Test series -- starting January 5 next year in Cape Town -- without a practice match .
Meanwhile , in a first , young pacers Mohammed Siraj , Avesh Khan , Navdeep Saini and Basil Thampi will be travelling with the Indian team to South Africa as net bowlers , a top BCCI official told PTI .
The idea is to help the visiting batsmen prepare well for the South African fast bowlers .
The timings for the day-night ODI matches have been changed too . All the games have been advanced by half an hour .
In case you needed more proof that dogs are some of the most loyal , loving creatures on the planet , here you go .
Actor and filmmaker Easton Dufur used to have two yellow Labradors — Cookie and Stitch .
For those of you who wan na see my dogs here they are
( Stitch is on top , Cookie is on bottom ) pic.twitter.com/zDK89IP18s — EasyBreasyBeautiful ( @ _EasyBreasy_ ) June 13 , 2017
The dogs had always shared one food bowl , Easton said in a statement posted on Twitter .
“ My dog Stitch trained my other dog Cookie to only eat half the food that 's in the bowl . So ever since they were young they knew to leave half the food so Stitch can have some ( he liked to make sure they would eat , ) ” Easton wrote .
Easton explained that Stitch recently passed away and Cookie is alone for the first time .
“ So since Stitch is gone , I 've been feeding Cookie less food , ” Easton wrote .
“ Well before I went to bed , I wanted to check to see if they ate . And so I did , and they still left half of their food there so Stitch can eat , ” Easton said .
Their tweet sparked a flood of emotions .
i 'm crying so hard ugh oh my gosh poor Cookie missing their best friend ugh they do n't deserve this https : //t.co/B8Rw8VfRtQ — aly🖤 ( @ aly3hunna ) June 13 , 2017
cookie is too good for this world https : //t.co/AmMWgB8cpW — hadia ( @ haahdia ) June 13 , 2017
Maybe because they knew their tweet broke hearts all over the world , Easton later shared a video of Cookie and Stitch enjoying a snack together during happier times .
Surgical Lights Market Report include on MarketReseacrhFuture.com with exhaustive Study . The report aims to provide an overview of Surgical Lights Market Report . The report provides key statistics on the market status . Global Forecast till 2023 .
Surgical Lights – Market Dynamics
Surgical lights play is an important role in illumination , thereby helping the surgeons to view the surgical site . There are various types of surgical lights available in the market such as ceiling mounted , mobile surgical lights , surgical headlights , and wall mounted surgical lights . Additionally , examination lights are also used for various minor procedures .
Get Exclusive Sample Copy of Dermal Fillers Market ` spread across 88 Premium Pages , 10+ and Supported with Full TOC , is Available @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5803
Surgical lights have a wide range of applications during wound closure , urology , laparoscopy , neurosurgery , obstetrics and gynecology , cardiovascular , plastic and reconstructive surgeries , orthopedic surgery , and others . These are manufactured according to various specifications such as brightness , Color Rendering Index ( CRI ) , homogeneity , Correlated Color Temperature ( CCT ) , shadow dilution , and many others .
The global surgical lights market is driven by increasing demand for surgical lights with an increase in the number of surgical procedures . Furthermore , increasing demand for technologically advanced surgical lighting systems in operating rooms and ambulatory surgical centers also fuel the growth of the market . However , the growth of the market is restrained by the high cost of surgical lights .
The global surgical lights market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.53 % during the forecast period 2017-2023 .
Market Segmentation :
The global surgical lights market is divided into type , technology , application , and end users .
On the basis of the type , the global surgical lights market is segmented into surgical lights and examination lights . Surgical lights are further segmented into a ceiling mounted , mobile surgical lights , surgical headlights , and wall mounted surgical lights . Examination lights are further segmented into general exam light , endoscopes lights , vein light , and medical penlight .
On the basis of the technology , global surgical lights market is segmented into LED and halogen lights .
On the basis of application , the market is segmented into surgical suites , endoscopy procedures , dental procedures and others .
On the basis of the end-user , the global surgical lights market is divided into hospital operating rooms , ambulatory surgical centers , and procedure rooms .
Avail Stunning Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5803
Comprehensive Regional Analysis :
Americas is the largest market for surgical lights consisting of two regions namely the North America and South America . North America consists of the U.S. and Canada . North America holds the largest share in the surgical lights market whose growth is attributed to an increasing demand for surgical lights and growing trend of hybrid operating rooms in hospitals and ambulatory care centers . Furthermore , the presence of key players manufacturing surgical lights also accelerates the market growth . South America also exhibits growth in the market with increasing demand for technological advancement .
Europe is the second largest market which is driven by the growth of medical device industry and extensive use of LED lighting systems . Germany is the largest market for surgical lights due to an increase the number of surgical lights manufacturers and distributors .
The surgical lights market is Asia Pacific exhibits tremendous growth with increasing demand for surgical devices , equipment 's and accessories . Japan , India , and China are the largest contributors to the market growth .
The Middle East and Africa exhibit steady growth due to increasing for healthcare services and increasing number of specialty care centers .
Major TOC of Surgical Lights Market Research Report – Forecast to 2023 :
1 Report Prologue
2 Market Introduction
3 Research Methodology
4 Market Dynamics
5 Market Factor Analysis
6 Global Surgical Lights Market by Type
7 Global Surgical Lights Market by Technology
8 Global Surgical Lights Market by Application
9 Global Surgical Lights Market by End User
10 Global Surgical Lights Market by Region
11 Company Landscape
12 Company Profile
13 Conclusion
14 Appendices
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
The country is looking toward an election in late 2017 , which General Chalermchai Sitthisat promised the armed forces would respect .
`` I can confirm that there wo n't be a coup . What would be a reason for having to have the coup ? '' the general asked . `` There wo n't be a coup . We have already learned from what happened ( in the past ) , '' they said .
Of course , the current military junta was brought to power by a coup in 2014 . But never mind that : the junta has promised to hold elections once the country , which recently lost its beloved king , can finalize its new constitution .
And no matter who the country elects , Thailand can count on the military to stay out of it , Sitthisat said .
`` When elections are held , everyone must accept the rules . The military will not reject the polls , '' they said , even if the political clique the military ousted in 2014 is reelected , the Bangkok Post reported .
In 2014 , the government of Yingluck Shinawatra was toppled by Thailand 's military , only days after the then-army chief ( and now prime minister ) promised there would be no coup . The army removed Yingluck 's brother , Thaksin Shinawatra , in 2006 .
Given that the military has successfully seized power 12 times since 1932 , and failed on another seven attempts , the general 's statements are causing giggles on social media .
`` If the army says something like that it means they will do the opposite for sure , '' Eakapong Leesinla commented on Facebook , as reported by the South China Morning Post .
`` Why ask such a question , '' Pim Pongchandr said on the same site . `` We all know what they were going to answer , who would say yes ? ''
© AFP 2016/ THANAPORN PROMYAMYAI Thai Gov't Tightens Control Over Internet Content Despite Rights Group Criticism
The military says that it stepped in to create stability after years of conflict between Shinawatra supporters and their opponents . Critics say the military is acting in support of the country 's elites . Shinawatra and their brother are to some , champions of the poor ; to others , corrupt business magnates consolidating power .
Reuters reports that the latest election may in fact be put on hold as the government struggles to draft new election laws .
`` This is not a postponement but because of the intricacies involved in drafting election laws , elections will not happen this year , '' said Somjet Boonthanom , a member of the military-appointed National Legislative Assembly ( NLA ) .
Elections are now likely to be held in March or April of 2018 , they said .
In the last couple of weeks , we have seen several leaks and heard rumors about Samsung 's 2018 Galaxy A series upcoming smartphones .
While Samsung has n't officially confirmed the existence of the Galaxy A8/A8+ ( 2018 ) , the company has now uploaded the manual for the unannounced Galaxy smartphones on its website . Besides with this , it appears that the company is giving us a last minute leak or teaser . It also looks like Samsung will be launching both the Galaxy A8 and Galaxy A8+ ( 2018 ) very soon .
Just this morning we saw a Galaxy A8+ ( 2018 ) a hands-on video on YouTube and we pretty much have an idea of how the device looks . But now that the manual has been published it basically confirms so of the rumored aspects of the smartphones .
As per the manual , the smartphones will come with 18:9 displays and dual-cameras in the front . We are not quite sure what inch display or what megapixel counts the dual camera will have right now . The video leak suggested that Galaxy A8+ ( 2018 ) will likely come with a 6-inch Super AMOLED Infinity Display with FHD 2220 x 1080 pixels . The camera aspects are said to be a 16MP rear camera with OIS and f/1.7 aperture and dual selfie cameras with 16MP and 8MP sensors .
That being said , the design of the two smartphones will most probably be the same but the differences should be in terms of specifications .
Apart from that as per the manual , the smartphones will come in single and dual-SIM variants and will feature an audio jack ports besides the usual USB Type-C , navigation keys , fingerprint scanner at the rear , most probably an Always-On Display , as well as LED notification light .
The user manual does n't explicitly reveal a lot of details regarding the upcoming device or devices , but it sure gives us a confirmation that the Galaxy A8/A8+ is indeed there . It might also be safe to assume that the launch is imminent .
Source / Via
The Ridgefield Clergy Association ( RCA ) invites the entire community to participate in a Holocaust Remembrance Service , Yom HaShoah , Sunday , April 23 , at 6:30 p.m. at St. Stephen 's Church , 351 Main Street .
Yom HaShoah ( Hebrew for Remembrance Day for the Holocaust and Heroism ) marks an observance by Jews all over the world and has been a national holiday in Israel since 1951 . Under the leadership of Rabbi David Reiner and Cantor Deborah Katchko-Gray , both of Congregation Shir Shalom in Ridgefield , the RCA-sponsored service will include prayers , readings and music related to the Holocaust . The 40-minute service will remember the 6 million Jews and 5 million others who were killed under the Nazi regime with a memorial candle lighting .
“ The Ridgefield Clergy Association is pleased to bring Yom HaShoah to the community , ” said the Rev . Whitney Altopp , the current chair of the RCA . “ History lessons forget to remind us that in addition to the 6 million Jews who were killed , there were 5 million other victims , largely people of conscience , people who recognized the wrongness of the Nazi regime and knew that they could n't stay silent . We want to honor them all . ”
For the second year in a row , the Isle Royale wolf population remains a mere two . Researchers from Michigan Tech say that as the wolf population stays stagnant , the moose population will continue to grow at a rapid pace . And this could have a significant impact on the island 's famed forests .
According to Rolf Peterson , a research professor at Michigan Tech and co-author of the report , the Isle Royale wolves are no longer serving their ecological function as the island 's apex predator -- the creature at the top of the food chain . With only two wolves left on the island , the moose population has grown to an estimated 1,600 .
Without wolf predation , says John Vucetich , a professor of ecology at Michigan Tech and report co-author , the moose population could double over the next three to four years . And more moose means more vegetation is eaten . The observations were reported in this year 's Winter Study , which marks the 59th year of monitoring wolves and moose on Isle Royale , the longest running predator-prey study in the world .
Wolf Genetics
Where have all the island wolves gone ? The answer lies in genetics . The population crash on Isle Royale is the result of inbreeding -- the remaining wolves are not only father and daughter , they are also half siblings who share the same mother .
Researchers believe the two have probably mated at least once in the past : in 2015 , an approximately nine-month-old pup was spotted with the two adults . That pup , however , did not appear healthy . Researchers noted a visibly deformed tail , small stature and possibly abnormal posture . Peterson and Vucetich were not surprised when the pup failed to appear with the adults in 2016 .
The remaining wolves are not expected to successfully reproduce in the future , either . Both animals are approaching old age -- the female is seven years old and the male is nine -- and no one can predict how much longer either wolf will live . Further complicating matters , the female wolf has been observed aggressively rejecting the male as a mate .
But even if the pair were to produce a healthy pup , it would likely have little impact on the Isle Royale ecosystem . In the case of these wolves , extreme inbreeding makes the population 's natural recovery unlikely . The wolves ' numbers started plummeting in 2009 , declining by 88 percent from 24 to 2 wolves . Vucetich and Peterson believe this is a result of inbreeding , and all geneticists who have studied the situation agree that recovery is unlikely without new genetic material .
At the end of 2016 , the National Park Service published a Draft Environmental Impact Statement ( DEIS ) to determine how best to manage the wolves on Isle Royale . The DEIS discussed four potential courses of action . According to the document , NPS would prefer a time-limited introduction of new wolves -- up to 20 to 30 wolves selected to maximize both genetic diversity and restore predation to the ecosystem . NPS estimates that the process to introduce the number of wolves identified in the plan would take between three to five years . Public review of the document concluded in mid-March , and the NPS is reviewing all comments . A final decision is expected in the fall .
More Moose
The 2017 moose census puts the Isle Royale herd at approximately 1,600 members . According to the report , the multiyear trend shows the moose population has been growing at a six-year average rate of 21.6 percent . Peterson and Vucetich credit this rapid growth to several factors : high reproduction rates , low rates of mortality due to wolf predation , mild winters and an abundance of forage .
But this abundance of forage may not last . According to recent findings , under the island 's current conditions , the moose population could double over the next three to four years . If this happens , the number of Isle Royale moose would reach an unprecedented high for the project 's six-decade history . And this could result in high levels of browsing on the island 's vegetation .
`` Everything we 're seeing on Isle Royale is consistent with our past understanding of the ecosystem 's dynamics , '' says Vucetich . `` We have every reason to expect the moose population will continue to grow and increasingly impact the forest . ''
Moose are n't the only Isle Royale residents experiencing a population boom with a dwindling number of wolves . The report notes that the number of beaver colonies has increased dramatically over the past six years , from approximately 100 to nearly 300 .
`` Wolves are the only significant predator of beaver on Isle Royale , '' says Peterson . `` Beaver were nearly extinct across North America 200 years ago . At Isle Royale , they 're now at unprecedented levels . ''
With wolves no longer serving their predatory function , Isle Royale 's ecosystem could soon look dramatically different .
# # #
Monday , December 11 , 2017
ISRAEL : A unique 7,000-year-old ceramic vessel from the site of Tel Tsaf in the Jordan Valley may have been used in early food rituals associated with grain storage . The site contains numerous silos that are believed to be the oldest large-scale storage containers that existed in the region at the time . Experts think the unusual pot , which is topped with red-painted clay balls and resembles a miniature silo , was used during ceremonies that preceded the placement or removal of grain . —Jason Urbanus
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Crowds are due to gather around Big Ben in Parliament Square , London , to witness its final 'bong ' for the next four years .
The iconic bell must be silenced for the safety of those carrying out vital renovations on the iconic clock and its home , Elizabeth Tower .
The public is encouraged to witness Big Ben 's striking of the hour on Monday , August 21 at noon , its last regular chime until 2021 .
New Year 's Eve and Remembrance Sunday will still be marked with the traditional bongs , thanks to Parliament 's specialist clockmakers .
For the past 157 years , the bell has announced the time to London almost without any breaks . Silence last fell on the city for a maintenance project in 2007 and a large-scale refurbishment from 1983 through to 1985 .
( Image : Victoria Jones/PA Wire/PA Images )
The huge conservation project will include the dismantling of each cog of the landmark so workers can inspect and clean them .
Steve Jaggs , keeper of the Great Clock , said : “ Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project . As Keeper of the Great Clock I have the great honour of ensuring this beautiful piece of Victorian engineering is in top condition on a daily basis .
This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis , as well as protecting and preserving its home – the Elizabeth Tower . ”
'It 's more friendly than Oxford ' : we ask tourists what they think of Cambridge
Big Ben runs with a Victorian clockwork mechanism that harnesses gravity to trigger the bells . Workers will silence the bells by locking the striking hammers and disconnecting them from the clock .
The clock will continue to tell time silently until the project reaches the clock mechanism itself and an electric motor will step in to move the clock hands . The clock 's faces must be covered at times , but one will always remain visible so Londoners can set their watches .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Scoring Defense
Through games of Dec. 09
G Saf Pts Avg Alabama 12 1 138 11.5 Clemson 13 0 166 12.8 Wisconsin 13 0 171 13.2 Georgia 13 0 172 13.2 Virginia Tech 12 0 162 13.5 Washington 12 0 174 14.5 Penn St. 12 0 186 15.5 UTSA 11 0 187 17.0 Fresno St. 13 0 224 17.2 Auburn 13 0 225 17.3 Troy 12 1 210 17.5 TCU 13 1 229 17.6 Wyoming 12 0 214 17.8 Michigan 12 0 219 18.3 San Diego St. 12 0 221 18.4 LSU 12 1 225 18.8 Marshall 12 0 231 19.3 Purdue 12 1 232 19.3 Northwestern 12 1 238 19.8 Miami ( FL ) 12 0 239 19.9 Iowa 12 1 239 19.9 Ohio St. 13 0 259 19.9 Michigan St. 12 0 243 20.3 Mississippi St. 12 0 245 20.4 Duke 12 0 249 20.8 South Carolina 12 0 250 20.8 Northern Ill. 12 0 250 20.8 Army West Point 12 0 251 20.9 Iowa St. 12 0 252 21.0 Stanford 13 0 279 21.5 Texas 12 0 260 21.7 Notre Dame 12 0 262 21.8 Florida St. 12 0 263 21.9 Appalachian St. 12 0 263 21.9 Boise St. 13 1 292 22.5 Boston College 12 1 270 22.5 South Fla. 11 0 248 22.5 Minnesota 12 0 274 22.8 Southern Miss . 12 0 276 23.0 Houston 11 0 253 23.0 Eastern Mich. 12 0 280 23.3 Utah 12 0 287 23.9 Miami ( OH ) 12 0 289 24.1 Fla. Atlantic 13 1 315 24.2 Middle Tenn. 12 1 291 24.3 UAB 12 0 292 24.3 Washington St. 12 1 293 24.4 BYU 13 1 321 24.7 NC State 12 1 297 24.8 Buffalo 12 0 298 24.8 Arkansas St. 11 1 274 24.9 Oklahoma 13 0 325 25.0 UCF 12 0 302 25.2 Indiana 12 0 304 25.3 Georgia St. 11 0 280 25.5 Toledo 13 0 333 25.6 Ohio 12 1 309 25.8 Idaho 12 0 309 25.8 Kansas St. 12 0 310 25.8 Southern California 13 0 342 26.3 Akron 13 0 342 26.3 Wake Forest 12 0 316 26.3 South Ala. 12 0 318 26.5 Georgia Tech 11 1 292 26.5 Pittsburgh 12 1 319 26.6 Louisiana Tech 12 0 320 26.7 Virginia 12 1 320 26.7 Central Mich. 12 1 321 26.8 Western Ky. 12 0 322 26.8 Utah St. 12 2 324 27.0 Louisville 12 0 325 27.1 Florida 11 0 300 27.3 Colorado St. 12 0 330 27.5 Temple 12 0 332 27.7 Navy 12 0 335 27.9 Colorado 12 0 338 28.2 Oregon 12 0 339 28.3 Rutgers 12 0 340 28.3 California 12 0 341 28.4 FIU 12 1 342 28.5 Kentucky 12 0 343 28.6 Texas A & M 12 0 344 28.7 Western Mich. 12 0 348 29.0 Tennessee 12 0 349 29.1 Tulane 12 1 350 29.2 Oklahoma St. 12 0 361 30.1 New Mexico St. 12 0 366 30.5 North Carolina 12 1 375 31.3 Arizona St. 12 0 375 31.3 Vanderbilt 12 1 376 31.3 Illinois 12 0 378 31.5 West Virginia 12 0 379 31.6 Old Dominion 12 1 380 31.7 UNLV 12 1 381 31.8 Missouri 12 1 381 31.8 Texas Tech 12 0 381 31.8 Cincinnati 12 1 382 31.8 New Mexico 12 0 382 31.8 Massachusetts 12 1 382 31.8 Ga. Southern 12 0 386 32.2 Syracuse 12 1 386 32.2 Air Force 12 0 389 32.4 Charlotte 12 0 393 32.8 Memphis 12 1 401 33.4 Texas St. 12 1 403 33.6 North Texas 13 1 440 33.8 Nevada 12 0 407 33.9 Hawaii 12 0 407 33.9 Arizona 12 1 409 34.1 Ole Miss 12 0 415 34.6 Kent St. 12 0 421 35.1 SMU 12 0 426 35.5 Rice 12 0 429 35.8 Baylor 12 0 431 35.9 Arkansas 12 0 434 36.2 Nebraska 12 1 437 36.4 UTEP 12 0 441 36.8 UCLA 12 1 441 36.8 Maryland 12 1 445 37.1 Tulsa 12 0 450 37.5 UConn 12 0 455 37.9 Bowling Green 12 0 456 38.0 Louisiana 12 1 480 40.0 Ball St. 12 0 488 40.7 La.-Monroe 12 0 492 41.0 San Jose St. 13 0 542 41.7 Oregon St. 12 1 516 43.0 Kansas 12 0 521 43.4 East Carolina 12 0 540 45.0
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The Associated Press says that the remains of St. Nicholas may have been discovered in Turkey :
Turkish archaeologists believe they may have discovered the remains of St. Nicholas — from whom the legend of Santa Claus emerged — beneath a church at their birthplace in southern Turkey . St. Nicholas was born and served as a bishop of what is now the Turkish Mediterranean town of Demre , near Antalya , in the 4th century . They were buried in the area formerly known as Myra , but their bones were believed to have been stolen and taken to the southern Italian town of Bari .
There are a number of stories about bones of saints being stolen and transported to a more favorable location . Saint Mark may be the most famous such instance , but far from the only one . I have always been skeptical about such claims .
Archaeologists , however , have recently discovered what they think is a temple below the church and now believe their remains may be lying there , Cemil Karabayram , the head of Antalya 's Reliefs and Monuments authority , told The Associated Press by telephone .
Archaeologists are not always free from self-interest :
“ This is an important find both culturally and for Turkey 's tourism , ” Karabayram said .
For what it 's worth , I hope the bones are real . I had never thought much about St. Nicholas until , a few years ago , I came across Bill Bennett 's book The True Saint Nicholas : Why They Matter to Christmas .
If you 've ever been asked , “ Who is Saint Nicholas ? ” …
If you 've ever wondered if they are just a commercial invention… If you 've ever thought there is no such person… You may be surprised to know the true Saint Nicholas .
You 'll never again think of Santa Claus in quite the same way .
I think I interviewed Bill about the book on a podcast or radio show ; I am pretty sure I plugged it on this site . The holiday season is just around the corner , so you might want to pick up a few copies of The True Saint Nicholas to give to family and friends . As the AP says , “ St . Nicholas was known for their generosity. ” And that was by no means their only virtue . These days , such reminders of the past are valuable .
Bioacoustics is branch of science that combines biology and acoustics . It is associated with the production , control , transmission , reception , and effects of sound on animals as well as humans . It is used to understand the relationship between features of sounds animals produce , the nature of the environment in which they are used , and the functions they are designed to serve . The technology records and analyzes ultrasound and vibration by using digital technology , which consists of equipment and software . Increasing electronic developments and miniaturization of equipment have expanded the field of bioacoustics , as they use bioacoustics sensors to improve sensitivity and better the operational efficiency . Bioacoustics sensors are lighter in weight than integrated sensors due to which the overall weight of the system reduces . High-end technologies such as augmented reality and machine learning are used in bioacoustics sensing , which in turn is expected to further strengthen the adoption of bioacoustics in the near future .
Request for Sample Copy @ https : //www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/1886
Factors driving growth of the bioacoustics sensing market
Major factors driving growth of the bioacoustics sensing market include growing awareness and worldwide acceptance of artificial intelligence . Report of the U.S. ( GAO ) Government Accountability Office estimated that , revenue from AI is projected to account for US $ 25 billion to over US $ 40 billion by 2025 , from US $ 5 billion in 2017 . Artificial intelligence is majorly used in wearable and connected devices , which are products used in bioacoustics sensing technology . Additionally , the adoption of bioacoustics sensing technology is increasing in the healthcare sector due to various applications such as improving human comfort , convenience , and security as well as monitoring health conditions . Bioacoustics sensors are used for constant observation and monitoring of blood pressure , respiratory system , and stamina . For instance , according to report by Semantic Scholar in the U.S. , 39 of 40 patients ( 97.5 % ) demonstrated good tolerance of the bioacoustics sensor for detecting heart beats in 2015 . The Ionic Polymer Metallic Composites can be used as bio ? acoustic sensor , is placed over the carotid artery to resolve the arterial pressure waveform in situ and on the thorax to measure the S1 and S2 cardiac sounds . Major applications of bioacoustics sensing devices in the healthcare sector include primary stage detection of diseases such as cancer . It is also used in skin put technology , which uses the surface of the skin as an input device , it makes the human body suitable for acoustic transmission . It permits users to use their own arms and hands as touch screens by sensing different vibrations that are generated when knocking various parts of skin .
Bioacoustics sensing is also used for biodiversity monitoring , which is used to determine the state of environment . It has been found that using bioacoustics sensing in biodiversity is non-destructive as it does not cause any harm to any life form on earth while in use . This in turn , has increased its adoption in this biodiversity monitoring sector . It is also used in agricultural and forestry for increasing production . Bioacoustics sensing encourages farming practices that are able to maintain high level of environment . It helps to locate plant species and monitors plant growth . ABI ( Automated Bioacoustics Identification ) device is a new bioacoustics sensing tool used to find out solutions to problems that arise unexpectedly in the field identification of species . This technology improves auditory observations , and also improves the quality of biological surveys and environmental monitoring . For instance , the latest project ‘ Observe Nature by Ear ! preparation of the Learning Program Assisted by Vocal Recognition Technology ' funded by the JST ( Japan Standard Time ) Program for Community Science Centers and School Cooperative Development , uses ABI technology for the promotion of scientific understanding and environmental concern among children .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/bioacoustics-sensing-market-1886
However , few providers of bioacoustics sensing software and hardware causes slowdown in growth of the market . Although it is an emerging field , lack of knowledge and skilled resources has led to minimalistic adoption of this technology across numerous industries . High cost of production also inhibits the growth of this market . Lack of skilled workers and experts for detecting and analyzing
sound waves that are used in bioacoustics sensing , companies avoid adopting such sensors , in turn , hindering growth of the bioacoustics sensing market .
Regional Insight for bioacoustics sensing market
On the basis of geography , the global dehumidifier market size is segmented into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , Middle East , and Africa . North America holds the largest share of the global bioacoustics sensing market , owing to high adoption of advanced technologies and artificial intelligence in countries such as the U.S. and Canada . According to report by weforum ( World Economic Forum ) , global income from AI is expected to grow to over US $ 47 billion in 2020 , from around US $ 8 billion in 2016 . Europe is considered as the second-largest market after North America due to growing adoption of wearable technology and advanced technologies such as bioacoustics sensing in the region . For instance , according to report by PLOS ( Public Library Of Science ) it is estimated that the global market for wearable 's will exceed US $ 34 billion by 2020 . Additionally , Europe market has witnessed rapid development of skin put technology , which is also responsible for the increasing adoption of bioacoustics sensing in Europe . Major growth engines for the bioacoustics sensing market in Europe include U.K. , France , and Germany . Asia Pacific market is growing at a slow rate due to lack of knowledge of bioacoustics sensing technology and dearth of skilled workers in the region .
Key Players in Bioacoustics Sensing Market
Major players operating in the global bioacoustics sensing market include Matsushita Electric Industrial , Panasonic Corporation , Honeywell , Pacesetter , Samsung Electronics , Medacoustics , Remon Medical Technologies , Avisoft Bioacoustics , MSI Transducers Corporation , Materials Systems Inc. , AT & T , and IBM .
NEW DELHI : The Supreme Court will hear the plea of Karti Chidambaram on Enforcement Directorate 's jurisdiction on April 3 in the alleged INX Media bribery case . In a relief for Karti , the apex court last week had said that the Congress leader could not be arrested till March 26 , extending the interim protection from arrest granted by Delhi High Court .
The SC transferred to itself matter pending before the Delhi HC in view of conflicting views by different HCs on the Enforcement Directorate 's power to arrest . It said that it will deal with the issue related to ED 's power to arrest the accused in money laundering case . The apex court has fixed the matter for hearing on March 26 .
A bench comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud had said it would hear the matter on March 26 and the top court would answer the question regarding the interpretation of section 19 of the PMLA .
SC 's order had come hours after the high court extended Chidambaram 's protection from arrest in the ED case from March 20 to March 22 . Karti Chidambaram , son of senior Congress leader P Chidambaram , is in jail in connection with the INX Media corruption case lodged by the CBI .
They were arrested on their return from the United Kingdom in connection with the FIR lodged on May 15 last year . It alleged irregularities in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board ( FIPB ) clearance to INX Media for receiving overseas funds of about Rs 305 crore in 2007 when their father was Union finance minister .
The CBI had initially alleged that Karti Chidambaram received Rs 10 lakh as bribe for facilitating Foreign Investment Promotion Board ( FIPB ) clearance to INX Media . It , however , later revised the figure to USD 1 million ( about Rs 6.50 crore at the current exchange rate and Rs 4.50 crore in 2007 ) .
The fresh evidence in the case , which triggered Karti Chidambaram 's arrest , was based on the statement of Indrani Mukerjea , former co-director of INX Media ( P ) Ltd , who recorded it under section 164 of the CrPC before a magistrate on February 17 .
Though the carpet was actually purple , in honor of antagonist Thanos , actor Scarlett Johansson and comedian Colin Jost nonetheless made their red-carpet debut as a couple Monday night at the Los Angeles premiere of `` Avengers : Infinity War . ''
`` Um … it was alright , '' a smiling Johansson , 33 , told `` Entertainment Tonight '' at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood . `` Not bad , '' they continued , mock-casually . `` Y'know , get some laughs in and enjoy it . I 'm just excited to share this experience with them because I 'm so excited to see the film . I have n't seen it before ! ” The star reprises their Marvel Cinematic Universe role as superspy Natasha Romanoff / the Black Widow in the superhero extravaganza , opening Friday .
After months of being seen together in public without acknowledging a romance , Johansson additionally confirmed their relationship with `` Saturday Night Live '' Weekend Update co-anchor Jost , 35 , Monday on `` The Ellen DeGeneres Show . '' When host DeGeneres jokingly asked who is Johansson 's favorite co-anchor , Jost or Michael Che , the actor responded , `` It 's hard to pick '' before amending , `` No , it 's not that hard to pick . I guess I 'm a Colin fan , I 'd have to say.… He 's not bad . ''
Johansson , who filed for divorce from second husband Romain Dauriac in March 2017 after separating the previous summer , was seen dining with Jost in June at the Manhattan restaurant The East Pole . On June 29 , Jost 's 35th birthday , they were photographed having dinner at the Palm Restaurant in East Hampton 's Huntting Inn . During the subsequent holiday weekend , they were spotted on Ditch Plains Beach in Montauk , appearing to be a romantic couple .
Johansson was married to actor Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2011 , and to Dauriac from 2014 to 2017 . They and French national Dauriac have a daughter Rose , whose birth they announced on Sept. 4 , 2014 .
The actor has no social-media accounts , and Jost has not commented publicly .
Rome : Lazio won the Italian Supercup for the fourth time after a stoppage-time goal by substitute Alessandro Murgia gave them a 3-2 victory over last season ` s domestic double winners Juventus at the Stadio Olimpico on Sunday .
Juve , who beat Lazio 2-0 in the Italian Cup final at the same venue in May after they had also won the league title , came back from a two-goal deficit in a frantic five-minute spell before Murgia netted the winner .
Lazio dominated the opening hour as striker Ciro Immobile fired them ahead with a 32nd-minute penalty after they were brought down by Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon and then headed a delightful Marco Parolo cross into the far corner in the 54th .
Looking out for the count , Juventus staged a late comeback as Argentina forward Paulo Dybala put them on level terms with goals in the 85th and 90th minutes .
Dybala curled in a superb free kick from 25 metres and then converted a penalty , throwing vociferous Juventus fans into raptures as both lots of supporters created a cracking atmosphere on the terraces .
But the bianconeri ` s celebrations were short-lived as Murgia swept in a low cross from the left at the death , delighting the Lazio contingent as they settled a rip-roaring curtain raiser to the Italian season .
Asus launched the Zenfone Max Pro M1 in India back in April , and the smartphone went on sale from May 3 . The smartphone was available for purchase in two variant one in 3GB RAM with 32GB storage and the 4GB RAM and 64GB storage starting at Rs 10,999 . At the launch , the 6GB RAM with 64GB storage did n't make it to the Indian smartphone market . Now , the long-awaited 6GB RAM variant has a launch date- or rather we can say launch month-July .
Today , at the Zenfone 5Z launch event the company has announced that the high-end Zenfone Max Pro M1 variant will finally go on sale in India exclusively on Flipkart starting this July .
ASUS Zenfone Max Pro ( M1 ) 6GB RAM specifications
Asus Zenfone Maz Pro M1 6GB variant flaunts a 5.99-inch Full HD+ 2.5D curved glass display with 1500:1 contrast ratio , 85 % NTSC color gamut , 450 nits brightness . The smartphone comes with a resolution of 2160×1080 pixels and aspect ratio of 18:9 . The phone is powered by a 1.8GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 636 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 509 GPU , clubbed with 6GB RAM with 64GB storage , expandable memory up to 2TB via microSD .
On the optical front , the smartphone comes with a dual camera setup with the combination of a 16MP rear camera with LED Flash , PDAF , 1.12μm pixel size , f/2.2 aperture , secondary 5MP camera . On the front , the smartphone houses a 16MP front-facing camera with soft LED flash , f/2.2 aperture
On the connectivity part , the Asus Zenfone Maz Pro M1 offers Dual 4G VoLTE , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , Bluetooth 5 , GPS + GLONASS . It also offers 3.5mm audio jack , 5-magnet speaker , NXP Smart Amp .
Apart from the camera , the rear panel also houses a Fingerprint sensor . It also comes with Face unlock feature . The smartphone is backed by a 5000mAh battery with fast charging support . It runs on Android 8.1 ( Oreo ) and Dimensions are 159x76x8.61mm and weight is 180 grams .
The smartphone will come with a price tag of Rs 14,999 . However , the sale launch date is still not confirmed by the company . Hope we will get to know the sale date in the upcoming weeks .
Source
CHATTANOOGA , Tenn. ( AP ) - An ex-Tennessee school bus driver who was at the wheel in a wreck that killed six children has been sentenced to four years in prison for criminally negligent homicide .
Media reported that a Chattanooga judge sentenced Johnthony Walker on Tuesday after an emotional morning of testimony , during which Walker apologized .
Judge Don Poole ruled Walker should n't be sentenced to diversion because the crash involving 37 elementary school students was so horrific , but they could n't give them a longer prison term because of their strong work history and no criminal background .
The decision divided victims ' relatives at the hearing . Some said it was n't enough time while others said they were satisfied with the punishment .
Walker was driving the children from Woodmere Elementary School when they wrecked on a winding Chattanooga road .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — A man accused of buying high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino terror attack has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges , court documents released Tuesday say .
The documents say Enrique Marquez Jr. , 25 , of Riverside has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and lying about the acquisition of weapons used in the San Bernardino killings .
Prosecutors say Marquez acknowledged plotting with Syed Rizwan Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked freeway . Those attacks never occurred .
Authorities said Marquez purchased the guns used by Farook and their wife , Tashfeen Malik , in the Dec. 2 , 2015 , attack in San Bernardino in which 14 people were killed at a public health agency event before the suspects died in a gunfight with police .
Related Coverage Gov . Malloy pushing for fairness laws for women in workplace
( WTNH ) — Actor Matt Smith is being asked to donate a portion of their salary .
A “ Care 2 ” petition is calling for the star of Netflix 's “ The Crown ” to make up for a pay gap between them and their female co-star by donating the difference to the Time 's Up Legal Defense Fund .
Related Content : Gov . Malloy pushing for fairness laws for women in workplace
It was recently revealed that Smith was paid more for their role as Prince Philip than Claire Foy earned as Queen Elizabeth for the first two seasons of the Netflix show .
Foy earned a Golden Globe , SAG Award and Emmy nomination for the part .
Nathan Cleary is ready to take their Origin game to another level . ( Photo by Jason McCawley/Getty Images )
Nathan Cleary is ready to take their Origin game to another level . ( Photo by Jason McCawley/Getty Images )
NATHAN Cleary is hoping one-on-one video sessions with NSW great Andrew Johns will help them create their own State of Origin highlights reel .
Not satisfied with helping steer the Blues to just their second series win in 13 years , Cleary has been working overtime with Johns to elevate their Origin game .
`` I think they were solid performances without being great and that 's something to work on , '' Cleary told AAP of their individual efforts so far in the series .
`` Ultimately , I 'm really happy that we got the series win . But I think myself as a player can strive to get better and play some better footy . And when they asked for Johns ' appraisal , the rugby league Immortal did n't mince their words .
`` The foundation is there , now you 've got to build on that . Build your attacking game and work from there , '' Johns told him .
Cleary has had just six fewer touches than Maloney over the opening two games , however they have largely taken a back seat behind their more experienced halves partner .
Maloney has four try assists - a series high - as well as two line break assists , while their younger halves partner has yet to register one in either category .
But even with the series decided , Cleary insists he 's not `` self-indulged '' enough to begin overcalling their veteran teammate next Wednesday night .
`` We 're playing to win so whatever works out better for the team , I 'm happy to do , '' they said .
`` I do n't think I 'm too self-indulged that I want to get myself in the game . If that harms the team , I do n't want to be doing that . It 's just how the game works out and how it fits in the game plan . ''
While they assumed Origin would be the toughest level of physicality in the game , Cleary concedes being challenged by the mental toll of the interstate series .
As the Blues look to lift the shield with a series whitewash , Cleary 's NRL side Penrith are in danger of dropping out of the all-important top four with back-to-back defeats .
`` But I definitely ca n't use that as an excuse for my club form . It 's obviously harder , but people have been doing it for years now and you 've just got to deal with it , '' they said .
`` It 's what comes with being an Origin player . The mental preparation . Physically I 'm fine , I probably just was n't mentally as switched on as what I need to do be . ''
The Blues had a rest day Wednesday but will resume preparations with their major training session of the build-up on Thursday , where captain Boyd Cordner will test their calf .
Cordner sat out most of Tuesday 's field run , but is adamant they will be fit to play .
LIVE Stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS . SIGN UP NOW .
To assist the restoration efforts in hurricane-stricken Haiti , pre-K through second-grade students at Meadow Drive School in the Mineola Union Free School District have donated more than $ 700 to the cause . Motivated by Mineola High School 's Instructional Leader Garry Desire , whose family was affected by the hurricane , students donated $ 1 to put their handprint on a banner that Desire will take with them to Haiti during their next visit . The banner , which is approximately 10-feet long , raised money which will directly be used to rebuild roofs on school buildings . Dubbed Little Hands Helping Haiti , it reinforced the importance of contributing to a global society .
—Submitted by the Mineola School District
The federal government will offer funding to help VIA Rail replace its fleet in the Quebec City-Windsor corridor , which includes its trains in Ottawa , Transport Minister Marc Garneau announced Monday .
New trains are expected to be running by 2022 , according to VIA Rail . The national passenger service will soon be launching a request for qualifications , followed by a request for proposals .
The unspecified amount to replace the current Quebec City-Windsor corridor fleet was proposed in the recent federal budget . This corridor accounts for 94 per cent of VIA Rail 's ridership .
The new fleet aims to reduce the environmental impact of running trains , improve passenger experience and accessibility , and decrease mechanical breakdowns which affect arrival times .
Via Rail president Yves Desjardins-Siciliano said in a news release that a modern fleet will provide passengers safer , faster and more accessible service on a sustained long-term basis .
Budget 2018 also proposes $ 8 million for Transport Canada to tackle foundational work to advance VIA Rail 's proposal for high frequency rail in the Quebec City-Toronto corridor .
The rush hour commute was becoming a challenge as Tarrant County experienced heavy rainfall and numerous parts of Dallas County were seeing flash flooding .
A flood advisory has been issued for southeastern Tarrant County and Dallas County until 5:45 p.m. Low-lying areas and places with poor drainage could experience flooding problems over the next several hours .
Storms were moving into Tarrant County from the northwest while an outflow boundary from storms in Dallas County was causing another batch of storms to form in Arlington .
In west Fort Worth , a large tree fell on the hood of a school bus and blocked Malvey Avenue near Bryant Irvin Road . No one was injured , said Lt. Kyle Falkner , fire department spokesperson . City employees were working about 4:15 p.m. to clear the tree from the street .
@ DFWscanner @ wfaachannel8 Big oak tree fell on top of a school bus in Fort Worth . Does n't appear to be major . pic.twitter.com/OdgM61QJDW — Andrew Hyde ( @ andrewhyde08 ) April 17 , 2017
In Dallas County , there had been numerous reports of high water .
At 3:30 p.m. , the National Weather Service reported the westbound service road on Texas 183 in Irving between Carl Road and O ` Connor Boulevard was shut down because of high water . Rain gauge reports indicate that more than 3 inches of rain had already fallen in west Dallas .
A flash flood warning was in effect for the western half of Dallas County until 6 p.m .
The rainfall was expected to stick around for a few hours , but there is no severe threat .
“ The main concern will be over the next few hours as kids get home from school and people get off work , ” Sanchez said .
Mumbai : Bollywood actor Ranbir Kapoor , who has showcased their versatility in a variety of roles but whose recent films have not fared well at the box office , says they keep reminding themselves that it is just a bend and not the end .
Ranbir , along with producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra and director Rajkumar Hirani , was present at the teaser launch of their upcoming mega project `` Sanju '' , a biopic on actor Sanjay Dutt , here on Tuesday .
In a past interview , Chopra had commented that `` Ranbir is an incredible actor with stupid script choices '' .
So when asked if the biopic is going to change it , Ranbir told the media : `` If every actor knew what they were doing and had a plan , everyone would be a superstar . So it is hard and I am trying to learn from my own mistakes . ''
`` I keep reminding myself that it ` s just a bend , not the end . Life is very difficult and requires a lot of hard work and you have to keep working ... Like Raju sir ` s film title , ` Lage raho ... ` , '' they added with a pinch of humour .
In `` Sanju '' , Ranbir has portrayed Sanjay ` s different avatars .
Did they make any special observations about Sanjay to portray them better on-screen Ranbir said : `` I have always been a Sanjay Dutt fan . For me , it was a fan trying to play their icon . So I think the hardest thing I did was to give myself the confidence that I can play this man .
`` When Raju sir told me about this film , I didn ` t have the confidence because I thought I wouldn ` t be able to do it . I don ` t have the courage , don ` t have the understanding or the acting chops to do it . This is not an acting gig for me . I haven ` t tried to show good acting , bad acting or showcase my talent . I think it was just the opportunity to be part of a story of a person who I consider to be my icon . ''
Ranbir has entertained audience in many hits like `` Bachna Ae Haseeno '' , `` Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani '' , `` Rocket Singh - Salesman of The Year '' , `` Wake Up Sid ! '' and `` Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani '' .
The actor in a prior interview had said that they truly learned from Hirani what it means to entertain people .
Asked to elucidate on the same , Ranbir said : `` What I learned from Raju sir is the power of entertainment . Not what ` s entertaining to you but what ` s entertaining to people , and I think when a filmmaker makes a film for an audience and not for himself , that ` s such a learning in itself and a selfless act . ''
Ranbir was also urged to act out a dialogue for the audience . But they said : `` I feel very shy to mimic them ( Sanjay ) otherwise . When I was working on the film , it was a character I had to play . Otherwise mimicking feels like disrespecting him . And it ` s not just me ... it ` s the hair and make-up that adds to my acting on the big screen . So , I don ` t want to disrespect Sanjay sir . ''
Presented by Fox Star Studios , the film will release on June 29 .
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) — A federal judge has ordered Kansas ' top elections official to turn over a proposed change to federal voting rights laws that they took to a meeting with President Donald Trump .
After privately examining the documents , U.S. Magistrate James O'Hara ruled Monday that parts of documents from Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach are “ unquestionably relevant ” to a lawsuit challenging a state law requiring voters provide proof of their U.S. citizenship when registering .
The order also instructs Kobach to produce a related internal document about proposed changes to the National Voter Registration Act . The ruling allowed them to redact parts of the plan that did not involve the voting rights issues .
An Associated Press photo of that November meeting showed Kobach holding a paper outlining homeland security issues .
York Theatre Royal 's panto family is back together again .
Berwick Kaler , celebrating their 39th year as the Grand Old Dame of York , is reunited with regulars Martin Barrass , David Leonard , Suzy Cooper and A J Powell .
Jack & the Beanstalk is this year 's traditional panto choice and it sees the return of Martin Barrass as Berwick 's silly sidekick . They missed last year 's show following a near-fatal motorbike accident .
Dame Berwick will be playing Mandy Manly and Martin is Stanley Manley . Long-time villain David Leonard is Dr McCarb and Suzy Cooper is Jill .
AJ Powell , who stepped in absent Martin 's shoes to play one of the Ugly Sisters in Cinderella last Christmas , plays the hero as Jack Manly . Selby-born Luke Adamson , who made their York panto debut as a youngster 15 years ago , is back on stage as Useless Eustace in the tale of a cow , a beanstalk and a giant .
This is the sixth time that Berwick , who writes and co-directs the pantomime as well as playing the dame , has appeared in Jack and the Beanstalk during their 39 year reign at the Theatre Royal . They name it as one of their all-time favourites among panto titles .
As usual the plot is proving elusive but audiences can expect designer Mark Walters to deliver breathtaking sets and gorgeous costumes to go with the amazing lighting design , singalong songs and foot-tapping choreography .
Many of the creative team who worked on last year 's Cinderella are back in the family fold led by the theatre 's artistic director Damian Cruden , who co-directs with Berwick . Also returning are lighting designer Richard G Jones and choreographer Grace Harrington .
Completing the line-up is the multi-talented ensemble of Danielle Mullan , Jake Lindsay , Charleigh Webb , Scott Wallace , Jocelyn Zackon and Nathan Colman .
Jack and the Beanstalk runs at York Theatre Royal from December 14 to February 3 . Tickets £14.50-£34 . Box Office 01904 623568 .
by
DENVER ( AP ) — The Broncos are in search of a coach . The Raiders are looking for a quarterback .
Neither of these AFC West rivals came out of Sunday in as good of shape as they went in .
After a 24-6 victory , Denver coach Gary Kubiak told their players they were stepping away .
During that loss , the Raiders ( 12-4 ) saw their hopes for a division title and first-round bye slip away , and also lost their quarterback-of-the-moment , Matt McGloin , to a shoulder injury .
They are faced with the prospect of rookie Connor Cook making their first NFL start in a playoff game at Houston next weekend .
“ Nothing is easy about this league , ” coach Jack Del Rio said . “ We wanted to win the division but we did n't earn that . We earned the playoffs . ”
They had little to offer about McGloin 's status . The fourth-year veteran , starting in place of the previously injured Derek Carr , left in the second quarter with an injury to their left shoulder and watched the rest of the game from the sideline .
In the other locker room , players voiced support for Kubiak , who has battled health problems and will leave the team only one short season after they led it to a Super Bowl title .
“ I owe them a lot , obviously , ” said Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian , who earned the starting job this year .
The Broncos went 9-7 and missed the playoffs , and now , team vice president John Elway embarks on a coaching search they did n't expect . Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan could be candidates .
“ I trust them 100 percent , ” linebacker Von Miller said of Elway , with whom they had contentious contract negotiations last offseason . “ We have a championship organization here . ”
But there will be a new champion this year . The Raiders once looked like as much of a front-runner in the AFC as anyone outside of New England . But now , it 's Kansas City as division champion and Oakland as a road team with no sure bet on who its quarterback will be .
“ We 're big boys , ” Del Rio said . “ We can take it like men and move on . It 's not what we wanted by any stretch . ”
Other things we learned from Denver 's win over Oakland :
PRESSURE COOKER
Cook was a fourth-round pick out of Michigan State . Their first NFL action came under the most difficult of circumstances . They finished 14 for 21 for 150 yards with a touchdown and an interception . If they start next week , he 'll become the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to make their first NFL start in the playoffs . “ It 's not going to change anything for me , ” they said . “ I 'm still going to prep as if I 'm playing . It does n't matter if I 'm backup , starter , whatever . ”
ON THE BENCH
Kubiak hinted all week that both Siemian and rookie Paxton Lynch would see playing time in the finale . With Denver 's offense rolling — 24 points is more than it scored in the last three games combined — Lynch never made it off the bench . “ That 's on me , ” Kubiak said . “ Paxton has a bright future . It 's going to be a hell of a battle between those two kids next year . ”
GOOD NEWS , MAYBE
The Raiders went 3-3 against AFC West rivals , but won all six games against the rest of the conference . Their playoff opener is against the Texans , who they beat 27-20 in a game in Mexico City in November . “ Our heads should n't be down , ” receiver Amari Cooper said . “ We 're still going to the playoffs ; we just did n't earn a bye. ” One more tidbit : Since the playoff field was expanded to 12 teams , a No . 5 seed has never represented the AFC in the Super Bowl .
ELITE COMPANY
Devontae Booker became the seventh Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game . They join such names as Clinton Portis , who accomplished the feat in 2002 , Terrell Davis ( 1995 ) and Rick Upchurch ( 1975 ) . “ That just shows what our offense can do , ” Booker said . “ We went out there and moved the ball up and down the field . We put points on the board . ”
OTHER HEALTH WORRIES
Raiders left tackle Donald Penn left the game clutching their left knee but Del Rio said they think Penn should be fine for next week .
_____
By EDDIE PELLS
Associated Press
Related Coverage Helicopter carrying WWE exec makes emergency ocean landing
( ABC News ) — World Wrestling Entertainment says pro wrestling legend Ric Flair is out of surgery and resting after being hospitalized .
The statement Monday did not give details about the nature of the surgery .
A representative for the showman known as “ Nature Boy ” says the 68-year-old wrestler was admitted to the hospital for routine monitoring . Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent asked on Twitter Monday for “ prayers & positive energy ” because Flair has “ tough medical issues . ”
Related Content : Helicopter carrying WWE exec makes emergency ocean landing
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among numerous wrestlers wishing Flair well on Twitter .
Known for their flamboyant outfits and “ Woooo ! ” catchphrase , Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008 .
Mother Monster just made an incredibly hard decision .
Lady Gaga is currently in the midst of their Joanne World Tour , and this morning , they announced that they wo n't be able to perform the final European shows due to `` severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform . ''
The 31-year-old singer suffers from fibromyalgia , and unfortunately , this is n't the first time she 's had to cancel performances to focus on their well-being . However , that does n't make their decision to cancel the rest of the European tour any less emotional .
Kevin Mazur/Getty Images
“ I 'm so devastated I do n't know how to describe it , '' Gaga wrote in a statement on Instagram . `` All I know is that if I do n't do this , I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music . My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home . ''
“ I love this show more than anything and I love you , but this is beyond my control . London , Manchester , Zurich , Koln , Stockholm , Copenhagen , Paris , Berlin . And Rio . I promise I will be back in your city , but for now , I need to put myself and my well-being first . I love you , forever , ” they concluded .
A post shared by Lady Gaga ( @ ladygaga ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 11:10pm PST
While understandably disappointed , Gaga 's fan base was more concerned for the singer 's health , and their Instagram was flooded with comments sending love and well-wishes them way .
I love you , monsters ❤️ A post shared by Lady Gaga ( @ ladygaga ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 11:14pm PST
Our hearts go out to Gaga !
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has been charged with the murder of two people after they died early on Bank Holiday Monday .
Officers from Gloucestershire Constabulary were called to Dexter Way at 4.50am after the ambulance service reported that two people had been seriously injured at an address .
( Image : Rosemary Watts )
Gloucester business person Laura Mortimer , 31 , and their daughter Ella Dalby , 11 , were pronounced dead a short time later .
Tonight Christopher Boon , 28 , and of Dexter Way , Gloucester , was charged with two counts of murder .
They will appear before magistrates in Cheltenham tomorrow morning ( Thursday May 31 ) .
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Constabulary said : `` A man has been charged with the murder of Laura Boon , née Mortimer , and their daughter Ella Dalby .
`` Christopher Boon , 28 , and of Dexter Way , Gloucester , will appear before magistrates in Cheltenham tomorrow morning ( Thursday 31 May ) charged with two counts of murder . ''
New Delhi : Team India completed historic 3-0 series triumph over Sri Lanka after winning the third and final Test by an innings and 171 runs . While there were many positives to take from the series , Hardik Pandya 's rise as a top-class all-rounder will surely be the most memorable memory from the tour . ( IND vs SL , 3rd Test - Match Report )
Before Ravichandran Ashwin and paceman Mohammed Shami shared seven wickets to bowl out Sri Lanka for 181 during their follow-on in an extended second session in Pallekele , Sri Lanka had crumbled for 135 in response to India ` s 487 in the first innings .
READ : Virat Kohli leads Team India to first ever overseas clean sweep in series of three or more matches
The huge score was made possible after Pandya displayed their blitzkrieg with a blistering 96-ball 108-run knock to crack their maiden Test century in just their third game .
The Baroda-born player , after being named the man of the match post conclusion of the Test , took to Twitter and tweeted a photo of them holding the man of the match and tournament trophies .
`` Could n't have asked for a better start in whites ! Cheers to the whole team , '' Pandya tweeted .
Could n't have asked for a better start in whites ! Cheers to the whole team pic.twitter.com/ifPGs4S5Sz — hardik pandya ( @ hardikpandya7 ) August 14 , 2017
Reflecting on their performance , Pandya said in the post-match presentation , `` I was glad that I got my first hundred here , situation pretty good for me . I was always going to have a target in mind . Test cricket is not easy to get five-fors , takes plenty of hardwork . I 'm alright with where the team needs me to bat . ''
There seemed an apparent bridge in both the skill and will of the two sides . While all of India 's bowlers and batsmen contributed either with wickets , with runs or both . Sri Lankans could barely manage to put such performance in place . Even at times when they did , they could n't keep it consistent unlike their Indian counterparts .
While Virat Kohli and Co. played with a clear gameplan , their opponents were n't able to sustain a decent performance throughout the entire series .
Role-players have had a great year so far . First , Horizon : Zero Dawn , then The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild . Now Mass Effect : Andromeda has arrived after many years of eager anticipation . You can say goodbye to spring , that 's for sure .
The last of those game is more accessible than the others . It 's the only one of the three that is multi-platform , so finally Xbox One and PC gamers also get an RPG to sink their teeth into , alongside their PS4 and Switch chums . The big question is , would they want to ?
Our answer would be yes , we think so . Although there are caveats . Several , actually .
Mass Effect : Andromeda is a massive game , with so much to see and do outside of the main campaign that you could be lost in a fog of fetch quests for weeks . Much of it is unnecessary if you 're the sort of player who could n't care less about the detail and minutiae of the new galaxy in which it is set , but we 're the sort of players that must complete everything on offer . Everything . And there is plenty .
After the last Mass Effect trilogy ended , was complained about , then ended again , Bioware knew that it had crafted a sci-fi mythos almost on a par with Star Wars , but what to do with it ? The former trilogy came to a definitive conclusion , so a new adventure and setting was to be crafted , new characters too . That meant an awful lot of new backstory and exposition was needed , which makes Andromeda bloated at times .
Its pace suffers as a result . But in return you get a detailed , rich gamescape that , by the end , sets up future chapters well . Hopefully they will be leaner , presuming you have a lot of knowledge already , so the groundwork here should set you in good stead in future . Think of it as a new Spider-Man or Batman film – every so often we need to be told the origin story again as part of yet another reboot – but it pays off in the end ( well , almost ) .
In terms of Mass Effect , the reboot/sequel this time actually has a simple premise . You are a human on a quest to colonise new worlds in a far galaxy , Andromeda , as part of a wider , multi-species initiative . Things do n't quite go to plan though , with the giant space arks of the other races disappearing , and you are soon given the role of pathfinder and having to discover new planets to inhabit .
This brings you in contact with a few new alien races , including the biggest threat this time around , the Kett , and so your adventure begins .
One interesting aspect to the campaign is that , not only can you customise your lead character to your own visual parameters , you can choose to play as either Scott or Sara Ryder , brother and sister twins . Previous games in the series have allowed you to play male or female characters , but not one of two different people .
It does n't really make much difference in the long run , but is a nice thought and much needed in a games market dominated by male heroes , with one or two exceptions . The only issue is , whichever you choose , they 'll suffer from one of the game 's biggest caveats : poor character animation .
To be fair , Mass Effect : Andromeda looks amazing on the whole . There are many planets to visit throughout the story , with huge open-world landscapes to explore , and they each look individual and stunning . From the ice-covered , Angaran resistance planet of Voeld ( Hoth anyone ? ) , to the sulphur-barking toxic playground of Kadara , the vistas are beautifully rendered – even more so on PS4 Pro in 1800p and HDR .
However , during conversations , animation can look plastic . At times , Scott or Sara look like Thunderbirds puppets , not only in their movement but with dead eyes and blank expressions . We particularly like Thunderbirds ( Gerry Anderson 's original anyway ) but it does distract from an otherwise visually rich game .
The animations were tweaked a bit for a day one patch released by Bioware slightly before release , but we expect this to be addressed and improved further . It needs to be .
We also expect the litany of bugs to be wheedled out . Or , at least , we hope they will . Slightly dodgy animation aside , it is these that irk the most and stop Andromeda being the five-star game it could have been .
Having played the vast majority of side missions , as mentioned , we found a fair few that were broken – often to the extent that they could n't be completed . Sometimes waypoints remained even though we 'd completed that segment . Sometimes they did n't appear at all , so we could n't continue . And sometimes characters we were meant to meet at a mission point did n't show , again leading us to a dead end .
We did find that some of these bugs could be circumnavigated through quitting and reloading , going back to an earlier save game or heading back to the Tempest ( your ship ) and to the planet again , but these are all experiencing-breaking fixes . The bugs should n't be there in the first place .
The same goes for graphical glitches , with the occasional shimmering texture , lackadaisical background pop-in and , at times , floating enemies sitting at odds with their Frostbite Engine-fuelled surroundings .
Of course , Andromeda is n't the first RPG to have such issues – not even the first Bioware game – but they are irritating to find after such a long development and testing phase . There has been a five-year gap between the last two Mass Effect games , after all , and this is a triple-A game we 've been awaiting with baited breath all that time .
Perhaps because of that wait we 're willing to overlook some of the issues though . The size and depth of the game certainly lives up to the hype .
Combat has also been tweaked significantly to the extent where it feels more like The Division or Destiny than previous Mass Effects . Jet packs have been added to characters , so verticality comes into play during fast-paced skirmishes .
And while battles , like exploration , are conducted in a third-person view , they feel like multiplayer first-person forays . They can be tricky to get to grips with initially , they are so quick and you are so under-powered , but you soon get the hang of it . Better weaponry and powers help too .
Character development , in fact , is essential in Andromeda , as it is in 99 per cent of role-playing games , and Bioware has finely tuned its systems to ensure it is as smooth and quick a process as can be . It is easy to assign different abilities and powers to your lead , as well as the accompanying NPCs on your team – of which you can take two at a time into fights , as in earlier games .
You no longer have to rely on looting or vendors for the best weaponry though . Crafting has been introduced to the series and while it can be a chore to collect the right amount of materials , elements and augmentations to research and develop new guns , armour and the like , it is highly rewarding when you use something you build yourself to take off the top of a Kett soldier 's noggin . It 's not as intuitive as in some games – the latest Zelda especially – but a good addition that we think will be refined for future games in the series .
( Hastings , Nebraska ) – The Bobby Gottsch Jr. Memorial Hastings College Rodeo will be held April 28 and 29 at the Adams County Fairgrounds .
The first round of slack opens at 12 p.m. Friday , April 28 , followed by the first performance at 7:00 p.m. Events on Saturday , April 29 begin with slack at 10:00 a.m. with finals at 6:00 p.m. Gates open one hour before each event at the fairgrounds , located at 947 S Baltimore Ave. in Hastings , Nebraska .
Admission is free for all students , while adult tickets are $ 10 per performance or $ 15 for a weekend pass . There is no charge to attend slack on Friday or Saturday . Hastings College students , faculty and staff who present a college ID will also be admitted free all weekend .
The Hastings College men 's team is currently ranked 5th and the women 's team 4th in the National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association ( NIRA ) Great Plains Region .
Several individuals are also having great seasons , including Nolan Sybrant , an agri-business major from Bassett , Nebraska , who is first in the region in tie down roping , and Marshal Peterson , a math education major from Ashland , Nebraska , who is in fourth .
Tucker White , an agri-business major from Hershey , Nebraska , is in fifth place in team roping as the heeler .
Hastings College also has a large representation in other events , with three students in the top 10 for roping header , three more in the top 15 in breakaway roping .
The rodeo is named after the late Bobby Gottsch Jr. , who was instrumental in forming the Hastings College Rodeo Team along with Jock Osborne , CEO of Industrial Irrigation .
More than 200 competitors attend the rodeo and perform events such as barrel racing , bareback riding , bull riding , team roping , goat tying , tie-down roping , saddle bronc riding , breakaway roping and steer wrestling .
The National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association ( NIRA ) has sanctioned the rodeo , and those participating earn points that help them advance to the College National Finals Rodeo held in Casper , Wyoming .
The NIRA Great Plains Region standings can be found at collegerodeo.com .
Bingeing on ‘ Breaking Bad ' or ‘ The Wire ' ? Wagner 's ‘ Ring ' paved the way
Photo : Cory Weaver / San Francisco Opera 2011 Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Italian bass Andrea Silvestrelli , who appeared in S.F . Opera 's “ The Ring of the Nibelung ” in 2011 , returns for the 2018 performances . Italian bass Andrea Silvestrelli , who appeared in S.F . Opera 's “ The Ring of the Nibelung ” in 2011 , returns for the 2018 performances . Photo : Cory Weaver / San Francisco Opera 2011 Image 2 of 7 A scene from “ Das Rheingold , ” the prologue of Richard Wagner 's four-part “ The Ring of the Nibelung ” cycle . A scene from “ Das Rheingold , ” the prologue of Richard Wagner 's four-part “ The Ring of the Nibelung ” cycle . Photo : Cory Weaver / San Francisco Opera 2011 Image 3 of 7 American tenor Daniel Brenna makes their San Francisco Opera debut as the title role in Siegfried , the third opera in Richard Wagners four-part The Ring of the Nibelung cycle . Brenna performed the role in Francesca Zambellos production at its Washington National Opera revival in 2016. less American tenor Daniel Brenna makes their San Francisco Opera debut as the title role in Siegfried , the third opera in Richard Wagners four-part The Ring of the Nibelung cycle . Brenna performed the role in ... more Photo : Scott Suchman/Washington Nation / Washington National Opera Image 4 of 7 David Cangelosi ( left ) and Daniel Brenna rehearse for Richard Wagner 's four-part “ Ring ” opera , opening in San Francisco on June 12 . David Cangelosi ( left ) and Daniel Brenna rehearse for Richard Wagner 's four-part “ Ring ” opera , opening in San Francisco on June 12 . Photo : Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 5 of 7 Sheet music seen during rehearsal of Richard Wagner ‘ s “ The Ring ” at the Veterans Memorial building . Sheet music seen during rehearsal of Richard Wagner ‘ s “ The Ring ” at the Veterans Memorial building . Photo : Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 6 of 7 Daniel Brenna brandishes their sword while on break during a rehearsal of “ The Ring of the Nibelung. ” Daniel Brenna brandishes their sword while on break during a rehearsal of “ The Ring of the Nibelung. ” Photo : Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 7 of 7 Greer Grimsley shows their spear during a break during rehearsal of Richard Wagner 's 'The Ring ' at the Veterans Memorial building on Wednesday , May 23 , 2018 in San Francisco , Calif. Greer Grimsley shows their spear during a break during rehearsal of Richard Wagner 's 'The Ring ' at the Veterans Memorial building on Wednesday , May 23 , 2018 in San Francisco , Calif. Photo : Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Bingeing on ‘ Breaking Bad ' or ‘ The Wire ' ? Wagner 's ‘ Ring ' paved the way 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
The list of Richard Wagner 's artistic innovations is long and impressively varied . They invented a new midrange brass instrument , promptly dubbed the “ Wagner tuba , ” and developed an entirely original framework for creating musical drama . They were a pioneer in matters of stagecraft , poetry , architecture and more .
And although we did n't know it until fairly recently , they can also stake a posthumous claim as the father of binge-watching .
“ The Ring of the Nibelung , ” Wagner 's massive operatic tetralogy based on Nordic myths , returns to the San Francisco Opera on June 12 for three full go-rounds . For aficionados of this work ( and I stand before you with an enthusiasm for it that borders on zealotry ) , this is like a homecoming , an all-too-rare occasion to commune once more with a familiar but ever-changing musical and emotional landscape .
For “ Ring ” -curious newcomers , the revival provides an exciting chance to immerse oneself in the teeming world of Wagner 's imagination — a world of power struggles and sexual desire , of honor and deception , of gods and mortals , dwarves and dragons .
But whether you 're coming as a practiced hand or a fresh-faced beginner , the “ Ring ” is always notable for the sheer scope of the undertaking .
It unfolds over the course of four separate performances , none of them short . The cast is huge , peopled with dozens of fully drawn characters whose psychological life is evoked in the music . There are extravagant theatrical effects — this is a piece , after all , that winds up with the end of the world as we know it — and intimate conversation . The drama 's time frame is vast , encompassing what would be decades if it were n't for the fact that events proceed on a vague and mythic scale .
For that matter , even in real-world time the total commitment is a steep 17½ hours . ( Let me take this opportunity to forestall the nitpickers by making clear that 17½ hours is not the total time that something is happening onstage . It 's the total time you need to be in the theater , including intermissions . For any normal person , that is the relevant measure . )
And because Wagner needs to be sure that the audience has the narrative threads firmly in mind even on separate nights , each of the operas includes a fairly lengthy and detailed recapitulations of what has been going on in the past .
Sound familiar ? Of course — this is the dramaturgy of the serial . At a recent news conference , the wonderful American mezzo-soprano Jamie Barton , who 's singing three different roles in the course of these performances , drove the point home wittily and accurately by describing one of these recaps as “ Previously , on ‘ The Ring ' ... ”
Now , entertainment on the dimensions of the “ Ring , ” daunting as it may seem at a glance , is not unique . Outside the world of opera , you can find this kind of grand , multifarious storytelling in the 19th century novel , in the capacious ambitions of Tony Kushner 's “ Angels in America ” and in the amorphous sprawl of the “ Star Wars ” or Marvel Universe franchises .
Yet perhaps the most telling analog , at least at the present moment , may be the expansive products of our much-ballyhooed Golden Age of Television — “ The Wire ” and “ Breaking Bad ” and all their cousins attempting to paint a far-reaching societal portrait that achieves both length and depth . And that in turn points to a mode of cultural consumption — the extended binge-watch — that the Wagnerian world has long had largely to itself .
Because the “ Ring ” is not just a collection of four separate operas . It 's one multipart work that should ideally be experienced in a single , compressed sweep . ( It takes six days rather than four because the performers , being human , need a day 's rest between successive exertions . )
One thing that happens during a concentrated tour of the complete cycle is that you start to become fluent in the composer 's musical vocabulary . The musical leitmotifs — the large lexicon of recognizable and flexible melodic themes out of which Wagner constructed their entire intricate score — become lodged in your ear , to the point where you start to understand the semiotic code like a native .
That system of interwoven motifs is a crucial component of the cycle 's broad scaffolding , which caught even the creator by surprise . When Wagner sat down to start writing the libretto , they envisioned no more than a single opera , “ The Death of Siegfried . ”
But narrative logic had its own steely demands , and Wagner soon found themselves awash in what we would now call origin stories . To tell about the death of the hero Siegfried — in what would ultimately become “ Götterdämmerung , ” the final opera in the cycle — they had to relate the young man 's birth and upbringing . That story required an understanding of how their parents met and fell in love , and that in turn meant going back to the very genesis of it all , with the theft of a lump of gold from the bottom of the Rhine .
The epic that resulted from their efforts over decades — first writing all four librettos in reverse order , then composing the music from beginning to end — is sufficiently rich and nuanced to be staged in countless ways . The “ Ring ” has been presented as a straight-up sword-and-sandals yarn , as a critique of capitalism , as a play of abstract symbology , and much more besides .
Director Francesca Zambello 's production , first seen here in 2009 , overlays the story with cunning exactitude on nearly two centuries of American history . They begin in the Gold Rush , then brings us through the rise of American industrial might and the onset of ecological decay to a final , not-too-far-off dystopian future .
Speaking personally , I 'm waiting to see a director cast Wotan , the king of the gods , as the once-invincible but increasingly unsteady ringleader of a crime syndicate . They face a fierce reckoning from their wife , Fricka , who understands all too clearly the moral compromises he 's made to get where they are , and their children wo n't follow in the life paths they intend for them . They foresee the end of the enterprise to which he 's given their lives , but he 's powerless to prevent it .
The Ring of the Sopranos ? I 'd watch that straight through .
Joshua Kosman is The San Francisco Chronicle 's music critic . Email : jkosman @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ JoshuaKosman
The Ring of the Nibelung : San Francisco Opera , June 12-July 1 . $ 210- $ 535 . War Memorial Opera House , 301 Van Ness Ave. , S.F . ( 415 ) 864-3330. www.sfopera.com
‘ Ring ' events
Here is a selection of some of the talks , symposia and concerts presented by the San Francisco Opera in connection with the “ Ring ” production . All events are at the Taube Atrium Theater , 401 Van Ness Ave. , S.F. , unless otherwise indicated . More information is at www.sfopera.com .
Monday- Wednesday , June 4-6 : San Francisco Opera Guild Preview Lectures by Simon Williams . San Jose , Mill Valley , San Francisco , Lafayette .
Sunday , June 10 : 4 p.m. : Organist James Welch performs music of Wagner and their contemporaries . St. Mary 's Cathedral , 1111 Gough St. , S.F .
June 12 , 19 and 26 : 11 a.m.-3 p.m. : “ Ring 101 ” with Dr. Clifford “ Kip ” Cranna .
June 14 , 21 and 28 : 11 a.m.-1 p.m. : Symposium with author Fred Plotkin . 2-3:30 p.m. : Film screening , “ Sing Faster — The Stagehands ' Ring Cycle. ” 8 p.m. : Concert by members of the S.F . Opera Chorus .
June 16 : 10:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m . Cycle 1 Forum with Wagner experts Peter Bassett , Desiree Mays and Simon Williams .
June 23 : 10:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m . Cycle 2 Forum with Wagner experts David Clay Large , Will Berger and Jonathan Khuner .
June 30 : 10:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m . Cycle 3 Forum with Wagner experts Speight Jenkins , John Mastrogiovanni and Jonathan Khuner .
A Delaware man was the only American injured in the New Year 's Eve attack at a Turkish nightclub in Istanbul , and they described to NBC News how they survived by staying still and silent even after being hit by a bullet .
William Jacob Raak , 35 , was visiting Istanbul to celebrate their birthday . `` When they shot me I did n't move — I just let them shoot me , '' Raak told NBC . The bullet struck Raak 's hip and traveled to their knee . `` I was shot when I was already on the ground , '' they said . `` He was shooting people that they had already shot . ''
Seven of the nine people Raak was at the club with were also shot . They described themselves as `` probably the luckiest person in the whole thing . ''
The attack lasted less than 10 minutes and left 39 people dead and around 60 others wounded . ISIS has taken responsibility .
`` You just have to stay as calm as you can , '' Raak said . `` I took a bullet . '' Jeva Lange
RICHMOND , Va. ( AP ) — The governor 's races this year in Virginia and New Jersey are unfolding in ways that powerfully echo the wild campaign for the White House .
Insurgents are making populist appeals . Establishment figures on are the defensive . In Virginia , there is Corey Stewart , a blunt and combative Republican who sneers at political correctness .
There 's even a former TV star in the mix : “ Saturday Night Live ” comic Joe Piscopo , who is thinking of running in New Jersey .
The two contests for governor are seen by the Democrats as a potential referendum on Donald Trump and an important early test of the party 's strength less than a year into their presidency .
Master furniture maker , Geoffrey Hannah , and stonemason , Keith Smith share their skills and experience at The Beckinsales Monumental Masons workshop in North Lismore .
Master furniture maker , Geoffrey Hannah , and stonemason , Keith Smith share their skills and experience at The Beckinsales Monumental Masons workshop in North Lismore . Sophie Moeller
GEOFF Hannah needed some advice about a piece of slate for their latest creation so they went to see Keith Smith at Beckinsales monumental masons .
It is fair to say a master tradesmans ' bromance became set in stone .
Truth is , our local fine furniture maker - and the creator of the famous Hannah Cabinet that has pride of place in our new Regional Gallery - has been curious about the work done by Beckinsales in Lismore since they were a young boy .
Beckinsales came to Lismore from Bangalow where it began in 1933 .
Geoff still remembers the masons cutting their monuments on the curbside next to Browns Creek on Keen Street .
Smith , who began their career as a plasterer and went on to work terrazzo tiling , has had a passion for cemeteries their whole life .
They bought Beckinsales , now on the corner of Ballina and Bridge streets in North Lismore , back in 89 .
Apart from countless cemetery monuments , Keith takes credit for many of the altars and lecterns in the region 's churches .
`` I 've always been on the arty side , even as a cement renderer , and never liked modern buildings . It has always been the Edwardian era that has appealed to me , ” says Keith .
Tintenbar Cemetery is one of their favourites . The tombstones provide insight into the wealth and local history , of the region , in a way that the concrete headstones with bronze plates of today , just ca n't .
So when Geoff came in to the workshop to discuss the Georgian Doll 's House they are currently working on , Keith `` took an instant shine to the job ” .
`` I went and saw what they were up to and they got me thinking about a few materials , ” they say . `` I love what Geoff does . ”
`` I do n't have the patience they do , to do that kind of work , but I was able to show them a few stones and we came up with something that could work . ”
After countless hours of trial and error and the jettisoning of over 500 tiles that made the doll 's house look a `` bit bushy ” , the duo came up with a material that had `` hardly any faults in it ” .
`` It 's not a profitable process in terms of time taken , but there is always a good lesson in your mistakes , ” says Geoff , `` and it 's never wasted . ”
`` Keith has a different way of cutting to me but their advice has been great . I say something and they know what I am thinking . The knowledge that goes with that experience and working with certain materials for all those years , it is just priceless , ” says Geoff .
The two are soon laughing and waxing lyrical about how the artistry - that once existed in classical art , tombstones and fine furniture - is now a fading discipline . They trade comments about each other with characteristic humility .
`` If I can do it , anybody can , ” says Geoff .
`` No one can do what you do mate , ” says Keith .
What they agree on is , that to succeed in your craft , you need to share your knowledge .
`` You get people who are too proud to ask questions . The fact is , you can ask anybody anything and they will never know everything but together you will always know enough , `` says Keith .
`` If you do n't share your knowledge people miss out and that is a shame , ” says Geoff . `` If you give away what you got , you will always get back double . And that is with everything in life . ”
Geoff 's Doll 's House will be made of precious stones , metals and woods . They have a date they aim to have it finished by but says it `` will be ready when its done ” .
A MAIDEN PROFESSIONAL victory at last year 's British Masters instantly catapulted Paul Dunne into the Ryder Cup conversation , but with time running out and points to make up , the 25-year-old is n't giving much thought to the possibility of selection .
Dunne speaking ahead of the Irish Open yesterday . Source : Oisin Keniry/INPHO
Dunne enters this week 's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open 14th in the European points list ahead of September 's biennial match in Paris and knows if they are to harbour any hope of automatic selection that he 'll need to register at least two wins between now and then .
A second European Tour win at Ballyliffin this weekend would give their hopes a major shot in the arm , while Dunne — who has recorded top-10 finishes in Spain and China recently — could also force their way into Thomas Bjorn 's thinking for the four wildcard picks .
But when asked about making their debut in the Ryder Cup this year , the Wicklow native was keen to downplay their chances while insisting they have been focused on making incremental improvements across their game on a week-to-week basis , rather than think about something long-term .
“ Ever since I won , I got the Ryder Cup questions , ” they said yesterday .
“ To be honest , it does n't impact me at all . I have n't thought about the Ryder Cup really once . It has n't been a goal . It has n't been something I 've said that I want to make this team , only for the fact that I think it 's such a difficult team to make because if I was to make it would be through that European Points list and there 's only four spots available .
“ You 'd have , like even from now , I still think I 'd have to win twice , even if I won this week , I still do n't think I 'd be on the team .
“ To me , it was one of those things that if it happened , then it would be great , or if I got very close to it come the time , then I would have thought about it more . Yeah , I 've been asked about it a lot but I 'm more concentrated on trying to improve different areas of my game .
“ You know , try to hit more fairways and try to continue the work I 've been doing on my putter and just look on taking advantage of chances when I have them . That 's been really my areas that I 've been focusing on , and I just want to try and win another tournament , and if I can and the Ryder Cup happens , great . If not , I 'll watch it like everybody else . ”
The Irish Open 's status as a Rolex Series event — the prize fund is just under €6 million — will booster Dunne 's chances if they can produce a big performance this week , with the former Blackrock College student getting their first round underway alongside Alexander Levy and Matt Wallace at 1.10pm on Thursday .
When asked to sum up their season so far , Dunne admitted the first few months had been a struggle as they searched for form and consistency , but the turning point , they feel , was a solid performance and finish at the WGC-Mexico Championship .
Dunne finished in a tie for 55th among a strong field that week and while it may not appear to have been a season-turning result , they felt their game has been in good shape since , as evidenced by brushes with glory at the Open de España and Volvo China Open and victory at the GolfSixes event with Gavin Moynihan .
Dunne is ranked 72nd in the world . Source : SIPA USA/PA Images
“ As a season , I think I got off to a bit of a rough start , ” they admitted . “ I was struggling with a few different things and I was working hard on certain aspects of my swing that felt like I was getting nowhere with them , even though I felt like I was doing the right things , and then kind of from nowhere , it clicked kind of really quickly and then when it did go on a nice run . I felt like I was playing well every week .
“ It clicked a little in Mexico . I did n't play great in Mexico , but I started to feel some shots on the course , and the next tournament I played was the Dominican Republic and from that week on , I felt much more comfortable with everything . I felt like I was trying to play tournaments to do well , as opposed to trying to sneak through cut lines .
“ Yeah , ever since kind of end of March , I feel like it 's been pretty good , but I struggled those first three months . ”
How they would dearly love to mount a challenge on the Glashedy Links this week on what will be their third Irish Open appearance , having recorded finishes of 60 and T54 in the last two years .
That said , Dunne is n't putting any more pressure on themselves in front of home fans and is hoping to go out and enjoy the occasion ahead of a crucial few weeks in the golfing calendar , culminating with the Open — a tournament they have fond memories of — at Carnoustie .
“ I 've never really felt a huge expectation coming home to an Irish Open , ” they added .
“ The last two I played , I have n't really — I have n't got like up there in contention in either of them , either . I just made the cut and finished , I do n't remember , 40th or 50th or something . But like I love it , I love having friends and family around . You can feel the support of people , and I have home comforts , as well , a lot of things , especially the breakfast .
“ So yeah , I enjoy it . Hopefully I can feel that expectation on the weekend but I 've got to play two good rounds first . ”
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
The New York Giants have been linked to Penn State running back Saquon Barkley with the No . 2 overall pick in Thursday night 's NFL Draft .
If Barkley 's sensational skill set is n't enough to convince the Giants to select him , the team got a reminder of the fragile nature of the position with the absence of running back Paul Perkins due to a pectoral injury .
Perkins was at Tuesday 's workout with their arm in a sling , multiple media outlets reported . The injury occurred during training , according to The Record of New Jersey .
With Perkins sidelined , veteran Jonathan Stewart and second-year running back Wayne Gallman took most of the snaps with the starters Tuesday .
New York reportedly is considering either Barkley or North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb with the second pick . Notre Dame offensive guard Quenton Nelson also could be a possibility .
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first in their most recent Big Board . UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen , Barkley , Nelson and Chubb round out the top five .
Barkley is currently projected to go to the Giants at No . 2 overall by both Rang and fellow NFLDraftScout.com analyst Dane Brugler in their latest mock drafts .
Barkley rushed 217 times for 1,271 yards and 18 touchdowns last season with the Nittany Lions , including a 92-yarder in a Fiesta Bowl victory over Washington . The consensus 2017 All-American also caught 54 passes for 632 yards and two scores , as well as returning two kickoffs for touchdowns .
The 6-foot , 233-pounder then turned in a spectacular workout at the NFL Combine , registering a 4.40 40-yard dash along with a 41-inch vertical and 29 reps on the bench press .
New York ranked 31st in the NFL in scoring in 2017 , finishing ahead of only the winless Browns ( 14.6 ) with just 15.4 points per game .
ADELAIDE , Australia ( AP ) — Ariya Jutanugarn is resigned to the fact that 2017 could n't possibly be better than their breakout year in 2016 . A day ahead of the start of the Women 's Australian Open at Royal Adelaide , the 21-year-old Thai golfer also says she 's not putting pressure on themselves to overtake Lydia Ko for the No . 1 ranking .
After winning five tournaments last year , Jutanugarn captured the LPGA Tour 's player of the year award , the money title and the season-long points competition that came with a $ 1 million bonus .
“ I 'm not going to try to compare myself this year with last year , because this year , it 's not going to be like 2016 , ” Jutanugarn said Wednesday . “ I 'm just going to try my best with everything and try to be more happy on the course and try to have fun . ”
Jutanugarn made their comments not long after Ko said they are n't concerned about being on the radar of other golfers wishing to overtake them for the top ranking . And Jutanugarn also played down the importance of their ranking .
“ This year , my target , I wo n't worry about the ranking at all , ” they said . “ I mean , there 's going to be a lot of expectation from other people , so I want to play with my own expectations . ”
Jutanugarn will tee off in the first round on Thursday afternoon with defending champion Haru Nomura of Japan and England 's Charley Hull .
Here are some other things to know about the LPGA tournament which will help Royal Adelaide celebrate its 125th anniversary .
___
THE FIELD : Ko is among four of the top 10-ranked players entered . As well , 10 major champions , including three from 2016 , are in a field that includes Brooke Henderson and Michelle Wie and Australian veteran Karrie Webb .
Ko , a South Korean-born New Zealander , has been a pro golfer since October 2013 , and she 's been No . 1 for roughly half of that time . She 's held the top ranking for the past 68 weeks , after a previous stint in 2015 . “ I have been fortunate enough to be in this position for so long and obviously it takes a lot of hard work and , I think , luck at the same time , ” Ko said Wednesday . “ But when we 're out there , we 're not thinking about what ranked player they are to me , or what I am . That is the mindset I have been trying to take . I feel more self-pressure rather than pressure from others . ”
___
CONSISTENT HENDERSON : No . 8-ranked Henderson had the second-most top-10 finishes on the LPGA Tour in 2016 behind Jutanugarn ( 16 ) with 15 in their 31 starts . Between February and April , the 19-year-old Canadian had eight straight top-10 finishes , and later captured two wins in June including their first major at the Women 's PGA Championship . “ 2016 was really incredible , having my first major win … a top 10 at the Olympics , incredible experience and I feel like I learned a lot about myself on and off the course . ”
___
GETTING A ( NEW ) GRIP : Wie is back for the first time since 2012 at the Women 's Australian Open , where they missed their cut in their only previous appearance in this event . They have five top-10 finishes since their last LPGA victory at the 2014 U.S. Women 's Open and had just one top-10 all of last season , after having none in 2015 . After missing the cut at the season-opening Bahamas LPGA Classic , Wie said they plan a new style on the greens in Adelaide— the “ claw ” putting grip made popular by Phil Mickelson and Sergio Garcia . Wie will also shelve their “ table-top ” stance , where their body is at a 90-degree angle over the ball , to a regular position over the putter .
___
WEBB TO CONTINUE : Webb says they have no plans to cut back on their schedule this year , despite dealing with the disappointment of not making Australia 's Olympic team for Rio de Janeiro in 2016 . When asked Wednesday if this might be the last time she 'll play the Australian Open , Webb said : “ I do n't think so , I hope not . Something terrible would happen if that were to be the case . ”
They said she 's planning a full set of tournaments in 2017 .
“ One of the things that I had to re-assess was that I did n't go to the Olympics , which was really disappointing , and really it took me a while to work out what I wanted to do , ” they said . “ The game has been so good to me and that 's what we 've been talking about . I could n't let not making an Olympics bring all of that down . So , I 'm committed to playing a full year this year and then we 'll just see . I 'm just going to play it year by year . ”
WestportNow Teardown of the Day : 3 Ellery Lane
An application for a permit to demolish the house at Westport 's 3 Ellery Lane , near Hillspoint Road , is in process . Built in 1955 , the two-story split level has 2,822-square feet and is situated on a 1.04-acre property . Because the house was built more than 50 years ago , the application will be reviewed by the Westport Historic District Commission . ( CLICK TO ENLARGE ) Dave Matlow for WestportNow.com
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:55 Godspeed , John Glenn : 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting , explains motive
2:29 Meet George : The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
New Delhi : Internet 's baby crush Taimur Ali Khan seems to be busier than most Bollywood stars these days as they make very rare appearances these days . But thanks to our stars , the little munchkin was spotted entering their aunt Amrita Arora Ladak without their mommy Kareena Kapoor .
They can be seen with their Nanny taking full care of them while the star kid is busy ignoring the camera .
Check out the picture :
This little bundle of joy , who turned a year old on December 20 , 2017 , had a classy birthday celebration held at Pataudi Palace where only family and close friends were seen in attendance .
Not only Taimur but also their cousin sister Inaaya Naumi Kemmu , the famous blue-eyed baby is also an internet sensation . Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Kemmu 's gorgeous little baby girl Inaaya is a carbon copy of Taimur and together they make the photo frame look gorgeous .
Inaaya 's reminds us of cousin Taimur 's first photos and the kind of sensation it created on social media . The baby girl was born on the auspicious 9th day of Navratri , the reason why their name is Inaaya Naumi Kemmu ( Naumi comes from Navmi ) .
The couple got engaged in July 2014 in Paris and tied the knot in Mumbai on January 25 , 2015 . `
There is no reason for the Ottawa Senators to worry .
This is n't the end of the world .
No , it 's not ideal that veteran defenceman Dion Phaneuf would n't waive their ‘ no move ' clause to be exposed to the Vegas Golden Knights in next week 's expansion draft so the club can protect Marc Methot , but there 's absolutely no reason for the Senators to panic because they likely knew this scenario was coming .
Though Vegas GM George McPhee would willingly accept an asset in return from the Senators in exchange for not touching Methot in the draft , Ottawa GM Pierre Dorion could easily roll the dice and take the chance the 31-year-old may not be selected by the Golden Knights any way . That way the Senators do n't have to give up an asset just to keep from losing one .
No , losing Methot is n't what the Senators want because they play big minutes , has two years left on their deal with a salary of $ 4.9 million per-season and he 's comfortable with captain Erik Karlsson . There is no question Ottawa would rather keep Methot in the fold , but the word is McPhee wants a lot in return not to take players .
Do n't expect the Senators to shift gears with their approach to the expansion draft and decide to protect eight forwards along with a goalie just because Phaneuf has n't agreed to the request to waive the clause , either . The seven forwards , three defencemen and one goalie approach is what works for Dorion and the Senators .
Why ? Because if you look at the depth through the organization , the blue-line is a place where the Senators have plenty and , if in fact the Knights do decide to pick up Methot , then there are players poised to step in to take up some of those minutes .
Defencemen Fredrik Claesson , who will also be exposed and is on the Knights ' radar screen , had a strong performance when they got a chance in the playoffs and has looked good with Karlsson . Claesson is signed for next season at $ 650,000 and that 's also why they may be an option for Vegas .
Defenceman Ben Harpur , who was pressed into duty during the club 's series against the Boston Bruins after being called up from the club 's AHL affiliate in Binghamton , will get the chance to push for more time in training camp and he 's become a player that coach Guy Boucher can trust which is a major step .
Then , there 's top prospect Thomas Chabot . The club 's top pick in the 2015 NHL entry draft had a standout season with the QMJHL 's St. John Sea Dogs and could be ready to make the next step to the NHL . They made the Senators coming out of training camp last September , but Boucher was n't ready to give them regular playing time .
Chabot , 20 , suited up for only one game before being sent back to junior in early-November , but they made huge strides this season by getting the opportunity to play in all situations with the Sea Dogs . Not only did their club advance to the Memorial Cup tourney , Chabot also played a big role for Team Canada at the world juniors .
Look , losing Methot for nothing is n't a great option by any stretch of the imagination , but it may be the path the Senators have to accept .
Make no mistake , the decision by the 32-year-old Phaneuf has thrown their future in the organization into doubt as well . They were within their rights to turn down the request , but the Senators were hopeful he 'd be willing to look at the big picture for the team and allow the club to keep its top four intact .
Phaneuf has given the Senators a list of 12 teams where they can be dealt . Dorion is going to study all their options before turning in their protected list Saturday at 5 p.m. EST and sources say the club is certainly studying that route to see what kind of assets teams might be willing to offer in return .
The Senators did n't want to lose Phaneuf when they requested that they waive the ‘ no move ' clause , but they do n't want to risk being picked up by the Knights because they like the situation he 's in with Ottawa and has been given a strong role by Boucher — on the ice and in the dressing room .
There are a lot of moving parts at the moment so nothing should be ruled out at this point . Several teams have shown interest in Ceci and if the Senators want to make a real hockey trade , then this would be the easiest route to take , even though that would probably just present more protection issues in the end .
The Knights are going to get somebody off the Senators roster and the reality is the club ca n't do anything to stop that from happening .
SENATORS WO N'T BRING BACK MATT O'CONNOR
The Ottawa Senators are cutting their ties with goaltender Matt O'Connor .
Signed as a free agent in May , 2015 out of Boston University after electing to sign with the Senators over the Edmonton Oilers and New York Rangers , the Senators have told O'Connor they wo n't be getting a qualifying offer which means he 'll become an unrestricted free agent on July 1 .
O'Connor , 25 , who was highly-touted when they signed the deal , has n't developed the way the club thought and the Senators brought goalie Marcus Hogberg over from Sweden last year at the end of the season . Hogberg is expected to be the starting goalie for the club 's AHL affiliate in Belleville next year .
“ ( O'Connor ) will get a job . There are a lot of teams that like him , ” said O'Connor 's agent Todd Reynolds Tuesday .
bgarrioch @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ sungarrioch
MORRISTOWN , N.J. ( AP ) - The driver of a New Jersey school bus involved in an accident that killed a student and teacher has been released pending a possible trial .
But a judge ordered Hudy Muldrow to surrender their personal and professional driver 's licenses Wednesday . He 's been charged with death by auto stemming from the May 17 crash on Interstate 80 in New Jersey .
Authorities allege the 77-year-old Muldrow missed a turn and tried to make an illegal U-turn on the interstate . The bus collided with a dump truck , and the impact tore the bus apart .
The bus was one of three carrying fifth-graders on a field trip . The other two buses were n't involved in the accident .
Prosecutors had sought to have Muldrow detained . They cited their history of driving infractions and claimed they posed a flight risk .
RICHMOND , Va. — The Redskins ended training camp on Sunday with a walk-through in the morning and a practice in the afternoon .
After 23 on-field sessions in Richmond , they will head north to resume preparation for the season in Ashburn .
“ It was a good camp , ” Jay Gruden said on Sunday . “ We got a great evaluation on a lot of guys Now , it has to continue on into Ashburn . We 've got three major preseason games left to finalize our evaluation process and that 's what it 's all about . At the end of the day , our ultimate goal after four preseason games is to establish some kind of identity and have a great evaluation on our players . ”
The Redskins will head home with a number of players still nursing injuries .
Jordan Reed has n't practiced at all yet due to the toe injury . Linebacker Junior Galette , wide receiver Josh Doctson , wide receiver Jamison Crowder , safety Su ' a Cravens , and safety DeAngelo Hall are all dealing with injuries , as well . Due to this , Gruden and the coaching staff have been able to evaluate more people .
“ It gives other guys great opportunities , ” they said . ” You 've seen Niles Paul make a lot of plays . Derek Carrier stepped up , Vernon Davis in Jordan 's [ Jordan Reed ] absence . With Josh [ Doctson ] and obviously [ Jamison ] Crowder out , Ryan Grant 's made a lot of big plays . [ Biran ] Quick 's got an opportunity . [ Matt ] Hazel 's done some good things . So , other guys have stepped up . ”
Gruden praised the depth this team has at the beginning of camp and it 's being tested now with so many players out .
After the lackluster performance in Thursday night 's preseason opener , Gruden was happy with what they saw from their team the last two days .
“ We had two really good days , I think . Two of our most physical days up front , both sides of the ball . They were getting after it — pod drills and team run . ”
They will hold one final walk through Monday morning for all the volunteers that have helped out throughout training camp . It is closed to the public .
They will be back on the field Saturday night at FedExField against the Green Bay Packers .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
by
By CHRIS MACKOWIAK
Sports Editor
@ cmackowiakSGSN
After a 1-6 start to the season , the Salisbury University women 's soccer team entered a five-game road trip that spanned the end of the non-conference slate and into the beginning of Capital Athletic Conference ( CAC ) . For a team that only tallied two road victories in 2016 , away trips were not a welcomed sight .
That notion changed in the third week of Sept. in 2017 .
“ I think it shows the toughness and resilience of this team . It 's big if you can start any conference 3-0 . 3-0 on the road shows you what they 've built and what they 've come out of to prepare , ” SU head coach Kwame Lloyd said .
Five goals , three goals allowed and three clean sheets later , SU returns home for Homecoming Weekend with a 4-1 record in that road stretch . Returning to their classic four-player back line , the Salisbury defense posted a 0.60 goals-against average ( GAA ) over the five-match stretch , improving from their 2.00 GAA over their first seven games .
While the defense celebrated Halloween a month early , disguised as a wall , the Seagulls found success on the offensive side of the ball . Senior forward Ruthie Lucas found their touch again , tallying six goals over five matches . Them team-leading six scores is tied for their total bunch last season .
“ It 's definitely been encouraging to me to be able to put some balls in the back of the net . I still have to do a lot better . I know that there are chances that I should have put away , and I think I should have a lot more than six , ” Lucas said .
The peak in play has come at a perfect time as Salisbury has built a 3-0 perfect record in the CAC headed into their Homecoming match vs. Penn St. – Harrisburg this Saturday .
“ It 's like your hard work is paying off . I 'm just happy to help get Hope [ Knussman ] the shutouts too because I know it 's important to her , ” senior defender Jamie Tacka said .
The Keepers at the Gate
To find a Salisbury women 's soccer team that recorded clean sheets in their first three conference games , the Sea Gull archives must be turned to 2011 . Under then-head coach and current SU women 's lacrosse head coach Jim Nestor , the Seagulls went 13-6-2 including winning their first six conference games and recording a clean sheet in each of the first four .
While it is not written in stone that the team is on their way to a conference championship like in 2011 , they are on the right track , not allowing a goal in conference play three games in .
“ I think the back line is doing a fantastic job . I think Hope [ Knussman ] is putting themselves in great positions at times . We got lucky a few times , but I think our backline is playing really well , ” Lloyd said .
Two senior staples lead the back line out on the field in center backs Rachel Anderson and Jamie Tacka . After starting the season with a back-three formation , the duo is back as the center back tandem in the back four .
Experience is the top attribute of this duo with each of them having at least 30 career starts under their belts . The duo has also displayed their discipline over the seasons combining for just one yellow card over their lengthy SU careers .
“ I think our team chemistry is pretty good . I think our defense had some solid games , ” Tacka said .
Aiding in the defensive effort are two younger defenders on the squad , first-year student Kayla Homeyer and sophomore Alyssa Brady . Brady has started the last 10 games for SU , while Homeyer has started the last two . Expanding on their role from 2016 , Brady had only six appearances last season which turned into 12 already this season .
Behind these four players and their fellow players is a wall in senior goalkeeper Hope Knussman .
“ Hope 's been a beast . She 's had some really clutch saves to get us wins , ” Tacka said .
In the last four games , Knussman has been forced to make 10 saves to provide three shutouts . Luckily , not too many of the 37 shots on the road trip have worried the SU goalkeeper , but when called upon , they have answered the call for Salisbury .
“ She saves our butts so much . They definitely do n't get all the recognition they deserve , but it was really awesome for them to get [ CAC ] Defensive Player of the Week this past week because they deserve it for sure , ” Lucas said .
With 32 career starts in their arsenal , Knussman 's experience has become a strength in their senior season . Them teammates watch their resiliency , succeeding in matches despite a few nagging injuries in 2017
“ [ The defense ] is just keeping us in games . I mean Jamie and Hope pretty much clean up everything that happens . If we do n't put balls in the net , it 's almost unfair to them because they 're working so hard to keep them out of the net , ” Lucas said .
As the keeper at the gate , Knussman might be a microcosm for a defense that has shown their own resiliency , dropping their GAA by 1.40 during this recent road stretch .
The Creator
With a number of key offensive players returning in 2017 , Salisbury looked to improve on their 1.53 goals-per-game from a season ago . One player was returning for their senior season that was at the center of that effort : Ruthie Lucas .
At the start of 2017 , the senior forward was hungry for success following a 2016 season that they believed could have been better from a production stand-point . While the hunger grew in the Ellicott City , Md.-native , obstacles also rose in their path .
“ I 'm trying to hold myself to a higher standard this year , and it 's just encouraging to be higher [ in goal total ] than all of last season through our first three conference games , ” Lucas said .
With a nagging injury in the days leading up to the start of the season , Lucas missed the season opener vs. Shenandoah . The 2016 All-CAC came on as a substitute in the next three matches , not finding the back of the net .
Them first start finally came vs. Roanoke on Sept. 9 , and their first goal of the season vs. Catholic at home on Sept. 16 . That game vs. the Cardinals was the start of a career stretch for the senior . After a brace that day , Lucas went on to score four more times over the next four matches for a total of six goals over a five-game stretch .
“ It 's about them getting healthy . It 's about making sure other teams ca n't only cue on them If other players are a threat , that opens up one-on-two situations sometimes . In those situations , you have to put your money on Ruthie , ” Lloyd said .
Most notably , two of those goals came in the team 's 1-0 CAC victories at Southern Virginia and at Mary Washington . Of their team-leading six goals , four of them were unassisted .
While Lucas can create opportunities with their ability to find the holes in the central defense , the rest of the offense has been right there with them The senior 's success and confidence should radiate across a young offensive core , providing more opportunities deeper into the season .
“ I just want to score goals . I just want us to win . That 's basically just pushing me to keep going , ” Lucas said .
Sophomore striker Julianna Boller found the back of the net for the second time this season at St. Mary 's ( Md . ) , proving to be another force in the SU arsenal . Lucas and the offense desire more than the five goals they scored over their five-game road trip .
The players will gain confidence knowing a sturdy defense is behind them .
The Moment
The recent road turnaround may have started back on Sept. 16 vs. Catholic . An offensive revival for the Seagulls provided them with a Lucas brace and a 4-2 lead early on in the match .
However , a resilient Cardinal side fought back in the second half , climbing all the way back for the 5-4 road victory . It was an emotional loss , but the type of loss that can send a message to the squad .
“ I think we know what we need to get done . It 's just a matter of us trying as hard as we can . We definitely have a lot of talent , but the effort [ needs to be there ] , ” Tacka said .
Following that match a few weeks ago , Lloyd talked of their love for their job , getting to work with the student-athletes each day . It was not the loss that told them much about their team but instead the way that Salisbury picked themselves up after the defeat .
“ I think they realized that we let some things go . When you 're up 4-2 and lose 5-4 , I think the leadership just stepped up , realizing that we wo n't get that chance back again , ” Lloyd said .
“ With Hope , Rachel , Ellen [ Anderson ] , Jamie Tacka , Ruthie , and Carliane [ LaGuerre ] , they kind of collectively turned to them and said , ‘ we ca n't continue this trend . ”
The following match was a tough 2-1 road victory at Rutgers-Newark which gave SU some momentum going forward . That win tumbled into three conference wins , with Salisbury 's only slip-up coming at Bridgewater ( Va. ) the day after the Southern Virginia win .
Selected fourth in the CAC 's preseason poll , Salisbury now is 3-0 in conference and tied for first with Christopher Newport .
While the season is far from over , it does say something that Salisbury went on the road , went 4-1 and defeated the team that knocked them out of the 2016 CAC Playoffs . On Saturday at 2 p.m. , SU welcomes in Penn St. – Harrisburg ( 9-3 , 2-1 CAC ) for Homecoming Weekend .
“ Going 3-0 into your home stretch , you ca n't ask for a better time to do that . We 're playing well . We 're moving off the ball . Our game-changers coming off the bench are really starting to gain some confidence , ” Lloyd said .
“ When you have a deep bench that you can go to , we 're gon na to need them in the next few weeks , to see a training session like Thursday 's where they 're communicating , showing their vocal and physical desire for the ball , it vies well for us . ”
The Lions won their last two CAC matches with shutouts of their own , but for an SU squad fresh off a 4-1 road trip , confidence and chemistry is radiating from the team . The hope is that will continue deep into CAC play , just like in 2011 .
Advertisements
National Cream Tea week has officially arrived , and there are plenty of places selling the delicacy around Gloucestershire .
But there are just too many to choose from .
We 've found 9 of the best cream tea spots around the county that you could choose from .
Cheltenham
Queens Hotel
The Promenade , Cheltenham GL50 1NN
MalMaison
You can read what we made of this cream tea here .
Bayshill Rd , Cheltenham GL50 3AS
Cotswolds
Market Pantry
31 High St , Broadway WR12 7DP
Cotswold lavender tearoom
Hill Barn Farm Snowshill , Broadway , WR12 7JY
Gloucester
Lily 's
5A College Green , Gloucester GL1 2NJ
Hubble Bubble
42-44 Westgate St , Gloucester GL1 2NF
Stroud
Bear of Rodborough
Rodborough Common , Stroud GL5 5DE
Lavender Bakehouse
20 London Rd , Chalford , Stroud GL6 8NW
Tewkesbury
Abbey Tearooms
59 Church St , Tewkesbury GL20 5RZ
Patients who have aggressive prostate cancer could be identified by a highly accurate and simple blood test , according to an early study by Queen Mary University of London
Patients who have aggressive prostate cancer could be identified by a highly accurate and simple blood test , according to an early study by Queen Mary University of London ( QMUL ) .
The research discovered rare cells in the blood that could be used to identify patients who are 10 times more likely to die of their prostate cancer , allowing targeted treatments to be offered as early as possible .
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in Western men and the fourth most common overall , with more than 1.1 million new cases recorded in 2012 . Identifying patients with aggressive cancer could have major implications for their treatment ; however , methods to detect whether the cancer has spread ( metastasis ) are costly and expose patients to radiation . A simple blood test that is accurate and has the ability to predict earlier whether the prostate cancer has become metastatic would meet a key unmet medical need .
The study , published in the journal Clinical Cancer Research , analysed blood samples from 81 prostate cancer patients using a new cell capture technology called Parsortix™ developed by the British company ANGLE plc . Unlike many other systems , the Parsortix system captures all types of circulating tumour cells ( CTCs ) -- cancer cells that have left the original tumour and entered the bloodstream prior to spreading around the body .
Metastasis is responsible for over 90 per cent of cancer-related deaths . The researchers investigated various types of CTCs including two that are involved in the metastasis process . The number of 'EMTed ' CTCs , which had previously not been possible to capture by many other systems , was associated with poor patient survival , while the presence of 'EMTing ' CTCs was closely correlated with whether the patient 's cancer had become metastatic .
Using the Parsortix system , the researchers also discovered the presence of rare cells in the blood , known as 'megakaryocytes ' - large bone marrow cells which produce platelets for blood clotting . Megakaryocytes have never before been linked to cancer prognosis , but the presence of these cells was found to be strongly linked to patient survival , with better outcomes for patients with greater numbers of megakaryocytes .
Lead researcher Dr Yong-Jie Lu from QMUL 's Barts Cancer Institute said : `` This work opens up a wide range of exciting opportunities to benefit cancer patients . We have already started to test more patient samples and will soon move on to wider clinical trials to confirm the efficacy of the test . We are also working to see if this test can be used on other types of cancer . ''
The team found that combining the number of 'EMTing ' CTCs with the patient 's 'Prostate-Specific Antigen ' level ( used in currently available tests ) gave the best predictor of metastasis ( over 92 per cent accuracy ) , significantly out-performing all current tests .
They also developed a combined scoring system , taking into account the numbers of both 'EMTed ' CTCs and megakaryocytes harvested by the Parsortix system from a patient 's blood . The scoring system was developed with 40 patients who had their disease monitored over a 20 month period , and was able to identify patients who were 10 times more likely to die from their disease in the short term .
Rebecca Porta , CEO of Orchid - Fighting Male Cancer , the main funder of the study , added : `` This is a very promising study for patients and has the potential to significantly increase the ability of clinicians to act earlier to treat those who are at a higher risk of dying earlier from their cancer . Delivering more appropriate treatment more quickly could help to save lives and pro-long life expectancy . ''
Dr Catherine Pickworth , Cancer Research UK 's science information officer , said : `` Cancers spreading to new areas of the body is the main reason why people die from the disease . This study shows a potential new way of helping to monitor this spread in men with prostate cancer . It was able to predict which patients were likely to fare better than others , based on the number of a rare type of immune cell found in the blood . This may help doctors make better-informed treatment decisions based on the extra information , and ultimately improve survival . ''
The research was funded by Orchid - Fight Male Cancer , Cancer Research UK and ANGLE plc , developers of the ParsortixTM system . The Chinese Scholarship Council provided funding support for PhD studentships to some of the researchers .
# # #
For more information , please contact :
Joel Winston , Public Relations Manager
Queen Mary University of London
j.winston @ qmul.ac.uk
Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 207 882 7943 / +44 ( 0 ) 7970 096 188
Notes to the editor
Research paper : 'The novel association of circulating tumor cells and circulating megakaryocytes with prostate cancer prognosis ' . Lei Xu , Xueying Mao , Tianyu Guo , Pui Ying Chan , Greg Shaw , John Hines , Elzbieta Stankiewicz , Yuqin Wang , Tim Oliver , Amar Ahmad , Daniel Berney , Jonathan Shamash , Yong-jie Lu . Clinical Cancer Research . doi : 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-16-3081
URL when published : http : //dx . doi . org/ 10 . 1158/ 1078-0432 . CCR-16-3081
About Queen Mary University of London
Queen Mary University of London ( QMUL ) is one of the UK 's leading universities , and one of the largest institutions in the University of London , with 23,120 students from more than 155 countries .
A member of the Russell Group , we work across the humanities and social sciences , medicine and dentistry , and science and engineering , with inspirational teaching directly informed by our research . In the most recent national assessment of the quality of research , we were placed ninth in the UK ( REF 2014 ) .
As well as our main site at Mile End -- which is home to one of the largest self-contained residential campuses in London -- we have campuses at Whitechapel , Charterhouse Square , and West Smithfield dedicated to the study of medicine , and a base for legal studies at Lincoln 's Inn Fields .
We have a rich history in London with roots in Europe 's first public hospital , St Barts ; England 's first medical school , The London ; one of the first colleges to provide higher education to women , Westfield College ; and the Victorian philanthropic project , the People 's Palace at Mile End .
Today , as well as retaining these close connections to our local community , we are known for our international collaborations in both teaching and research .
QMUL has an annual turnover of £350m , a research income worth £125m ( 2014/15 ) , and generates employment and output worth £700m to the UK economy each year .
About ANGLE plc
ANGLE is a specialist medtech company commercialising a disruptive platform technology that can capture cells circulating in blood , such as cancer cells , even when they are as rare in number as one cell in one billion blood cells , and harvest the cells for analysis .
ANGLE 's cell separation technology is called the ParsortixTM system and it enables a liquid biopsy ( simple blood test ) to be used to provide the cells of interest . Parsortix is the subject of granted patents in Europe , the United States , Canada , China , Japan and Australia and three extensive families of patents are being progressed worldwide . The system is based on a microfluidic device that captures live cells based on a combination of their size and compressibility . Parsortix has a CE Mark for Europe and FDA authorisation is in process for the United States .
ANGLE has established formal collaborations with world-class cancer centres . These Key Opinion Leaders are working to identify applications with medical utility ( clear benefit to patients ) , and to secure clinical data that demonstrates that utility in patient studies . Details are available here .
The analysis of the cells that can be harvested from patient blood with ANGLE 's Parsortix system has the potential to help deliver personalised cancer care offering profound improvements in clinical and health economic outcomes in the treatment and diagnosis of various forms of cancer .
The global increase in cancer to a 1 in 3 lifetime incidence is set to drive a multi-billion dollar clinical market . The Parsortix system is designed to be compatible with existing major medtech analytical platforms and to act as a companion diagnostic for major pharma in helping to identify patients that will benefit from a particular drug and then monitoring the drug 's effectiveness .
As well as cancer , the Parsortix technology has the potential for deployment with several other important cell types in the future .
ANGLE stock trades on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol AGL and in New York on the OTC-QX under the ticker symbol ANPCY . For further information please visit : http : //www . angleplc . com
Orchid - Fighting Male Cancer
Orchid is the UK 's leading registered charity focused exclusively on male-specific cancers . Formed in 1996 by a testicular cancer patient , Orchid exists to save men 's lives from testicular , prostate , and penile cancers through pioneering research , the provision of specialist information and support , campaigns and raising awareness . For more information , please visit : http : //www . orchid-cancer . org . uk
Help and Advice
Those who have concerns relating to male specific cancers can seek specialist advice and support from a team of male cancer information nurse specialists every Monday and Wednesday from 10am-5pm on the freephone Orchid Male Cancer Helpline 0808 802 0010 . The Nurse Specialists can also be contacted at helpline @ orchid-cancer.org.uk
Male Cancers
Every year over 50,000 men in the UK will be diagnosed with prostate , testicular and penile cancer . Of these men over 47,300 will be diagnosed with prostate cancer , over 2,300 will be diagnosed with testicular cancer and 600 will be diagnosed with the rare penile cancer . Sadly , these numbers are increasing .
For more information on Orchid , or to speak to an expert or case study , please contact : James M. Butcher , 01444 811099 , James @ spinkhealth.com
The leaders of mainstream opposition parties have rejected the PTI government 's constituted committee to make amendments in the Provincial Ehtesab Commission ( KPEC ) and termed it an attempt to weak accountability process in the province .
They demanded setting up of the parliamentary committee comprising members of treasury and opposition benches to oversee and review the present KP Ehtesab Commission Act to make it more comprehensive and effective .
Veteran politician and former Senior Minister Rahimdad Khan told APP on Monday that KP Ehtesab Commission has become bitter pill for PTI leadership who was double minded either to swallow it or omit it .
“ The PTI Government had passed KP Ehtesab Commission Act in haste without consulting the opposition parties and now was facing the brunt of this hasty decision , ” they said .
Rahimdad Khan said that the development activities in KP had been in standstill due to unnecessary consultancy work , the fear of accountability , politics of negativity and resultantly the officials throw files of development projects at each other in fear of being caught by the anti-corruption bodies in the province .
“ No honest officer or contractor can work independently in such an environment of fear and resultantly development work that is already downward would become standstill in KP , ” they argued .
“ The amendments of PTI committee would not be accepted by the opposition parties . We demand constitution of a joint committee of the KP Assembly so that unbiased and more comprehensive anti-corruption laws could be framed against the menace of corruption ” , they said .
Rahimdad Khan said the new amendments would make KPEC toothless besides adversely affecting the accountability process in KP .
“ I demand of Chief Minister KP to bring General ( Retd ) Hamid Khan back if they were serious about eradicating corruption from the province , ” they said , adding people 's confidence in PTI 's claims of across the board accountability would only restore with the return of General Hamid as DG KPEC .
Rahimdad Khan said a consensus committee of the KP Assembly comprising members from all parties should be constituted immediately to review the KPEC Act besides making it more effective to control corruption in the province .
Parliamentary Leader of PML-N Sardar Aurangzaib Nalota , said that the PTI government has overlooked the opposition parties during the framing of Ehtsab Commission Act and was now facing the brunt of its results by constituting another committee that was not accepted by the opposition .
They said that PTI Government was now again repeating the same mistake by constituting its own committee without consulting the opposition parties to make amendment in the Ehtesab Commission Act .
Nalota said PTI had failed to control corruption in KP besides fulfil its promises made during its election campaign and urged PTI leadership to take practical steps for the elimination of corruption .
April 6 Hollywood Bowl Group Plc
* Electra Private Equity Partners 2006 Scottish LP intends to sell up to 26.7 million ordinary shares in hollywood bowl
* Placing shares are being offered to institutional investors by means of an accelerated bookbuild
* Placing will be managed by Investec Bank Plc acting as sole bookrunner Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Academic Honors for Staples Soccer
For the 14th time in 16 years — and the eighth season in a row — the Staples boys soccer program has been honored with a national award for academic excellence .
The 2015 Staples High School boys varsity soccer team -– Academic All-Americans . ( CLICK TO ENLARGE ) Armelle Daniels photo
The 2015 Staples High School boys varsity soccer team -– Academic All-Americans . ( CLICK TO ENLARGE )
The National Soccer Coaches Association of America gave the Wreckers a Team Academic Award — the only boys public high school soccer teams in Connecticut to be so named . The Staples girls team also earned Academic All-America honors .
To qualify , a squad must have a 3.25 grade point average of all varsity players . The award is given for the previous academic year . In 2015 , Staples ' varsity players had an average GPA of 3.40 — tying the 2014 team , and just .03 points behind the record , set in 2013 .
“ I 've always said that our players are some of the smartest and most creative people at Staples , ” said head coach Dan Woog . “ We want our guys to be as strong in the classroom as they are on the field . What 's especially gratifying about this award is that it 's won as a team . I 'm proud that the NSCAA recognizes our team as one that strives for academic excellence . ”
Woog said that indications are good that the 2016 side should also qualify for the Academic All-American honor .
NEWARK , N.J. ( AP ) - One of the principal figures in a large-scale health care fraud scheme in New Jersey was sentenced Wednesday to nearly two years in prison .
Craig Nordman had pleaded guilty to conspiracy to bribe doctors and money laundering and faced a maximum combined sentence of 25 years , but they received a 21-month sentence in exchange for their cooperation with prosecutors .
Since charges were announced in 2013 , more than 50 people , including more than three dozen doctors , have pleaded guilty in the scheme involving Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services . The Parsippany , New Jersey-based blood testing lab used a variety of methods to bribe doctors to send patients ' blood samples to be tested - and often for tests that were n't necessary .
The U.S. attorney 's office estimated the company made more than $ 100 million through the scheme and defrauded Medicare out of tens of millions of dollars .
Another company associate , Cliff Antell , 43 , also received a 21-month sentence Wednesday .
Nordman 's testimony last year helped convict physician Bernard Greenspan . During Greenspan 's trial , Nordman testified they had a high school diploma and had been installing security systems when their cousins , David and Scott Nicoll , hired them to work at BLS so they could be on the company 's health care insurance .
They eventually joined the Nicolls ' scheme , in which doctors were bribed with gifts , inflated rental agreements for their office space and bogus consulting agreements . One doctor was paid $ 50,000 per month at one point .
Nordman , 39 , testified they bribed approximately 14 doctors , including Greenspan , with checks from a limited liability corporation formed specifically to further the bribery conspiracy .
They also testified they would sit in Greenspan 's office for an hour once a month to give the appearance there was an actual consulting agreement .
The Nicolls also have pleaded guilty and are to be sentenced in two weeks . Authorities have said David Nicoll used BLS 's profits on a $ 300,000 Ferrari , $ 392,000 on tickets to sporting events and $ 154,000 at a gentlemen 's club and restaurant .
DALLAS - May 30 , 2018 - Building on two decades of research , investigators at UT Southwestern have determined that `` cellular housekeeping '' can extend the lifespan and healthspan of mammals .
A study jointly led by Drs . Salwa Sebti and Álvaro Fernández , postdoctoral researchers in the Center for Autophagy Research , found that mice with persistently increased levels of autophagy - the process a cell uses to dispose of unwanted or toxic substances that can harm cellular health - live longer and are healthier . The study , published online today , is found in Nature .
`` Specifically , they have about a 10 percent extension in lifespan and are less likely to develop age-related spontaneous cancers and age-related pathological changes in the heart and the kidney , '' said Dr. Beth Levine , Director of the Center for Autophagy Research at UT Southwestern .
Twenty years ago , Dr. Levine and their colleagues discovered beclin 1 - a key gene in the biological process of autophagy . The group 's research has since shown that autophagy is important in many aspects of human health , such as preventing neurodegenerative diseases , combating cancer , and fighting infection .
In 2003 , Dr. Levine 's team found that the genetic machinery required for autophagy was essential for the lifespan extension observed in long-lived mutant roundworms .
`` Since then , it has become overwhelmingly clear that autophagy is an important mechanism necessary for the extended lifespan that is observed when model organisms are treated with certain drugs or when they have mutations in certain signaling pathways , '' said Dr. Levine , also a Professor of Internal Medicine and Microbiology who holds the Charles Cameron Sprague Distinguished Chair in Biomedical Science . `` The body 's natural ability to perform autophagy declines with aging , which likely contributes to the aging process itself . ''
Yet a crucial question remained unanswered : Is increased autophagy throughout mammalian life safe and beneficial ? In other words , can autophagy extend lifespan and improve healthspan ?
To answer this question , Dr. Levine and their UTSW colleagues created a genetically engineered mouse that had persistently increased levels of autophagy . The researchers made a mutation in the autophagy protein Beclin 1 that decreases its binding to another protein , Bcl-2 , which normally inhibits Beclin 1 's function in autophagy . As the researchers expected , these mice had higher levels of autophagy from birth in all of their organs .
Last summer , Dr. Congcong He , a former trainee in Dr. Levine 's laboratory at UT Southwestern who originally made the mice , reported in PLOS Genetics that these mice are partially protected against mouse models of Alzheimer's-like disease . The most recent findings now show that mice with increased cellular housekeeping live longer , healthier lives .
Additionally , in collaboration with Dr. Ming Chang Hu , Associate Professor of Internal Medicine and Pediatrics who holds the Makoto Kuro-o Professorship in Bone and Kidney Research , and Dr. Orson Moe , Professor of Internal Medicine and Physiology who holds The Charles Pak Distinguished Chair in Mineral Metabolism and the Donald W. Seldin Professorship in Clinical Investigation , the Nature study also shows that the mice with increased autophagy are protected from the early death that occurs when the anti-aging hormone klotho is lacking .
`` These studies have important implications for human health and for the development of drugs to improve it , '' said Dr. Levine , who is also a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator . `` They show that strategies to increase the cellular housekeeping pathway of autophagy may retard aging and aging-related diseases . The results suggest that it should be safe to increase autophagy on a chronic basis to treat diseases such as neurodegeneration . Furthermore , they reveal a specific target for developing drugs that increase autophagy - namely the disruption of Beclin 1 binding to Bcl-2 . ''
Dr. Levine 's group is collaborating with Dr. Jef De Brabander , Professor of Biochemistry and a member of the Harold C. Simmons Comprehensive Cancer Center who holds the Julie and Louis Beecherl , Jr . Chair in Medical Science , and their team to synthesize such drugs . Based on the results reported in the Nature study , drugs acting through this mechanism might be expected to improve the health and prolong the lifespan of human beings .
# # #
Other UT Southwestern researchers involved in this study are Dr. Yongjie Wei , Assistant Professor of Internal Medicine ; Zhongju Zou , research specialist ; Mingjun Shi , senior research associate ; Kathryn L. McMillan , lab manager and research technician II ; Tabitha Ting , graduate student ; Dr. Yang Liu , postdoctoral fellow ; Dr. Wei-Chung Chiang and Dr. Gabriele G. Schiattarella , postdoctoral researchers ; and Dr. Denise K. Marciano , Assistant Professor of Internal Medicine . Dr. Govind Bhagat of Columbia University Medical Center and Dr . They - now with Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine - also contributed .
The research was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health , the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas , and the Fondation Leducq .
Dr. Levine is a scientific founder of Casma Therapeutics Inc. , a recently established biotechnology company that is working to develop drugs based on the autophagy process .
About UT Southwestern Medical Center
UT Southwestern , one of the premier academic medical centers in the nation , integrates pioneering biomedical research with exceptional clinical care and education . The institution 's faculty has received six Nobel Prizes , and includes 22 members of the National Academy of Sciences , 16 members of the National Academy of Medicine , and 15 Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigators . The faculty of more than 2,700 is responsible for groundbreaking medical advances and is committed to translating science-driven research quickly to new clinical treatments . UT Southwestern physicians provide care in about 80 specialties to more than 100,000 hospitalized patients , 600,000 emergency room cases , and oversee approximately 2.2 million outpatient visits a year .
Yes , Independence Day is certainly a very patriotic holiday and you will see flags prominently displayed all over the place . But there are holidays and events year round that warrant displaying our red , white and blue national symbol . When it comes to displaying the U.S. flag , there is a right way and a wrong way .
Surprisingly , a lot of people do it the wrong way and believe it or not there multiple ways that people technically violate the U.S . Flag Code . Carrot Top Industries specializes in patriotic , custom-made products for businesses , schools and government . They are experts in all things U.S. flag and have quite a few pointers on the subject .
Do n't leave it in the dark - Flags may be displayed from sunrise to sunset only , unless they are properly illuminated with light after dark .
Do n't throw a damaged or unusable flag in the garbage , it must be properly destroyed , which can be done through the American Legion , VFW posts and even some Boy Scout Troops .
Do n't wear the flag as a costume or uniform - `` The flag represents a living country and is itself considered a living thing . Therefore , the lapel flag pin being a replica , should be worn on the left lapel near the heart . ''
These are but a few of the things people regularly do to violate the U.S . Flag Code . You can get more information at Carrot Top Industries , including the special days of the calendar year when flying the flag is sanctioned .
See Also :
NEW YORK ( AP ) — U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as investors worried about weak retail sales and oil prices sank . The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months .
The Commerce Department said retail spending decreased in May , which surprised experts . Investors reacted by buying traditionally safe assets like government bonds and high-dividend companies while selling stocks from other industries that depend more on economic growth . Bond yields hit their lowest level of 2017 . Oil prices also hit an annual low after the government 's weekly report on oil stockpiles .
In the last few weeks Wall Street has been disappointed by several economic reports . That did not appear to change the Fed 's thinking even though higher interest rates tend to slow down economic growth . For years investors have been hoping growth will hit a faster pace .
“ This economy has always been something of a healthy tortoise , ” said David Kelly , chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management . “ I think growth will pick up a bit , but there is sort of a failure to bounce in this economy . ”
Advertisement
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index slid 2.43 points , or 0.1 percent , to 2,437.92 . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 46.09 points , or 0.2 percent , to a record 21,374.56 . Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index 's gain . After a late tumble in technology stocks , the Nasdaq composite lost 25.48 points , or 0.4 percent , to 6,194.89 .
Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 index sank 8.41 points , or 0.6 percent , to 1,417.57 . That suggests investors are worried about the economy , which could have an outsize effect on smaller , domestically-focused companies .
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December , something investors widely expected based on the Fed 's recent statements . Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year .
The Commerce Department said people spent less money at gas stations , department stores and electronics retailers last month . Video game seller GameStop gave up 35 cents , or 1.6 percent , to $ 21.55 and department store chain Kohl 's dropped 38 cents , or 1 percent , to $ 37.66 .
In a separate report , the Labor Department said consumer prices slipped , partly because of lower energy prices . That 's one reason there has been little inflation in the economy lately , a continued concern for Federal Reserve policymakers .
Bond prices jumped . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.13 percent from 2.21 percent . Earlier , the 10-year note hit its lowest level since November .
Among big dividend payers , cereal maker General Mills rose 58 cents , or 1 percent , to $ 58.64 and PepsiCo advanced $ 1.05 to $ 117.37 . American Water Works rose $ 1.14 , or 1.4 percent , to $ 81.32 .
Oil futures plunged after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew . Benchmark U.S. crude fell $ 1.73 , or 3.7 percent , to settle at $ 44.73 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , shed $ 1.72 , or 3.5 percent , to close at $ 47 a barrel in London .
Exxon Mobil lost 89 cents , or 1.1 percent , to $ 82.07 and Anadarko Petroleum sank $ 1.94 , or 3.9 percent , to $ 47.28 .
The Fed also gave more details about its plans to shrink its bond portfolio . Later this year it will reduce the amount of principal payments it invests in new bonds . It does not plan to sell any bonds .
Investors have been pleased that the Fed is disclosing details of its plans and does n't intend to move too quickly . Still , Kelly , of JPMorgan Asset Management , said they think that will have a big effect on the bond market : as the Fed lets its balance sheet shrink and buys fewer bonds , prices will fall and yields will rise .
The dollar slid to 109.53 yen from 109.96 yen . The euro edged up to $ 1.1220 from $ 1.1212 .
Biotech drugmaker Biogen fell and competitor Alexion Pharmaceuticals rose after the companies said Biogen Chief Financial Officer Paul Clancy will become Alexion 's CFO at the end of July . Analysts said Wall Street has a lot of respect for Clancy , who has been Biogen 's CFO for 10 years .
Biogen gave up $ 8.05 , or 3.1 percent , to $ 253.37 and Alexion jumped $ 10 , or 9.3 percent , to $ 118 .
Gold rose $ 7.30 to $ 1,275.90 an ounce . Silver jumped 37 cents , or 2.2 percent , to $ 17.14 an ounce . Copper slipped 2 cents to $ 2.57 a pound .
In other energy trading , wholesale gasoline sank 7 cents , or 4.5 percent , to $ 1.43 a gallon . Heating oil lost 4 cents , or 2.6 percent , to $ 1.41 a gallon . Natural gas fell 3 cents , or 1.1 percent , to $ 2.93 per 1,000 cubic feet .
Germany 's DAX advanced 0.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France lost 0.4 percent . The British FTSE 100 fell 0.3 percent . Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 retreated 0.1 percent and the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong advanced 0.1 percent . In South Korea the Kospi retreated 0.1 percent .
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
PARIS — Hennes & Mauritz AB said sales including VAT , converted into Swedish krona , rose 10 percent in the second quarter to 59.5 billion kronor , or $ 6.7 billion .
In local currencies , sales including VAT rose by 5 percent in the period from March 1 to May 31 . Sales excluding VAT amounted to 51.4 billion kronor , or $ 5.8 billion , an increase of 10 percent . H & M is scheduled to publish full first-half results on June 29 .
Posted 9 hours ago
They are well known for a dramatic turn around in the political field after declaring that 'KANU iko Ndani ndani ndaaaani kabisa ' only to rescind that
Our place to talk – an independent website for supporters of the Liberal Democrat party in the UK .
The most-read independent website by and for Lib Dem supporters . Not paid for by trade unions or millionaires .
Mumbai : Ruling BJP 's estranged ally Shiv Sena has attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for resorting to `` histrionics '' and taking the ongoing Gujarat election campaign to `` a new low '' .
The Maharashtra-based party said that PM Modi `` dug up the graves of the Mughal regime '' in their campaign , instead of speaking about `` vikas '' ( development ) issues , to target the opposition Congress .
`` The people of Gujarat had already rejected the Congress for 22 years for this very reason ... The PM chose to ignore the progress and developmental issues and stooped to mere 'tu-tu , main-main ' ( rhetoric ) in their own home-state , '' the Uddhav Thackeray-led party said in a strong edit in the party mouthpieces , `` Saamana '' and `` Dopahar Ka Saamana '' .
It pointed out how Modi oscillated between `` very emotional '' and `` highly aggressive '' in their public meetings and wondered what prompted the BJP to such bottom-level campaigning tactics , with its party chief Amit Shah , all cabinet ministers , state Chief Ministers and other leaders swooping on Gujarat to defeat Rahul Gandhi , now Congress president-elect .
The strongly-worded editorial also mentioned the `` neech '' ( lowly ) reference made by `` jobless '' Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar , which Modi countered by claiming it was `` an attack on Gujarati pride '' .
The issued had sparked a controversy that subsided only after Aiyar apologised .
`` This reference to me is an insult not to the country , but to the people of Gujarat '' , PM Modi said even as the Congress attempted a damage control by suspending Aiyar from the party .
`` By such a statement , Modi made themselves small ... We always believed they stood for the 'pride ' of the people and all the Hindus of the country , but they still remain stuck in the Gujarat rut , '' the editorial said .
`` He came across more as a regional leader than a national figure , but when others raise issues of 'regional pride ' they are threatened into silence by the sword of 'national pride ' , '' the Sena added sharply .
`` It has been made clear by the BJP that truths and lies no longer matter in winning elections , as also issues of 'vikas ' , which is the reason why the party even forgot to publish its manifesto and `` nobody raised developmental issues in the campaigns , '' the edit said .
The Gujarat poll campaign was reduced to mere theatrics , making emotional speeches , shedding tears , and doing 'tandav ' ( Dance of Death ) , and in the final stages , Modi became very sentimental by referring to `` the people of the country are my family '' .
`` Does this imply that all past Presidents , Prime Ministers and other top leaders had no relationship with the people ? Some like Indira Gandhi sacrificed their lives , while many others spent years in jail , for the country ... '' the Sena asked ?
`` They sacrificed so much because they considered the people of India as their family , '' the Sena said sternly .
Not only them , it reminded that even the soldiers who were getting killed on the borders are a part of the same family , and urged the ruling dispensation to rein in their highly emotive speeches .
With IANS inputs
Your local Baptist association 's DOM ( director of missions ) soon could be the AMS ( associational mission strategist ) if the association takes the title-change recommendation of a report to be presented next month at a gathering of associational leaders .
Photo by Roger S. Oldham
A study team commissioned by the Southern Baptist Conference of Associational Leaders discussed its findings at a March 1 meeting in Atlanta .
A 12-member study team commissioned at the 2017 Southern Baptist Conference of Associational Leaders ( SBCAL ) meeting in Phoenix surveyed more than 400 Southern Baptists online about their views of associations , interviewed leaders of about two dozen effective associations and wrote a report on the title and role of associational leaders – often known as DOMs .
The report , released May 15 , will be presented at SBCAL 's June 10-11 meeting in Dallas in conjunction with the Southern Baptist Convention 's ( SBC ) June 12-13 meeting there . SBCAL meeting attendees will consider a motion to adopt the report , though its recommendations are not binding for the more than 1,100 autonomous associations in Southern Baptist life .
“ It 's important for us to get it right as Southern Baptists at the local level , ” study team leader Rick Wheeler told Baptist Press . “ If we ever intend to be effective at the national and international level in collaborative mission work , we can not be nationally and internationally who we are not being locally . ”
The study team – which comprises associational leaders , state convention leaders , a pastor and a representative of the SBC Executive Committee staff – hopes its report will catalyze “ some renewal of appreciation and focus on Baptist work at the local level , ” said Wheeler , lead missional strategist for the Jacksonville ( Fla. ) Baptist Association .
After explaining the team 's research process , the 17-page report outlines 17 “ leader proficiencies ” deemed important for associational leaders in the 21st century .
The proficiencies , Wheeler said , are “ the most important thing ” in the report .
“ Foundational proficiencies ” for associational leaders include personal character and a calling to associational leadership , according to the report . “ Relational proficiencies ” include emotional intelligence and the ability to be a “ supportive coach ” for churches and pastors . “ Strategic proficiencies ” include the ability to cast vision and train future associational leaders .
The study team developed their recommended title change for associational leaders , Wheeler said , in light of the proficiencies necessary for the position .
The title “ director of missions ” accurately described the work of associational leaders during a previous era of SBC life “ when all of the various levels of the denomination tended to work like cogs in a wheel . There were structured programs that connected our work ” and needed directing on a local level , said Wheeler , a member of the SBC Executive Committee .
“ To a great degree , ” such coordinated programs “ no longer exist , ” they said . The recommended title “ associational mission strategist ” is not an attempt “ to move away from something , ” but to “ address how it is working now and what would be the way to describe the way it 's working now . ”
According to the report , some associations may want to refer to their leaders as simply “ mission strategists. ” For associations with multiple staff in the office , “ lead mission strategist ” may be an appropriate title for the primary leader .
The report concludes by recommending that Southern Baptists establish a “ professional development process ” for associational leaders , plan more extensively for leadership succession within associations , maintain SBCAL as “ a strong voice for associational missions ” and engage in more effective associational mission work .
According to the report , “ The relevance of local associations is not just a thing of the past , but is the current way most SBC churches are partnering with sister churches to engage their local mission field . By God 's grace we see a bright future of thriving local associations served by proficient leaders comprised of churches united by their faith and surrendered to Jesus Christ and Their mission in the world . ”
The full report is available at sbcassociations.org/report.html .
( EDITOR 'S NOTE – David Roach is chief national correspondent for Baptist Press , the Southern Baptist Convention 's news service . )
Pirates are taking over Port Colborne .
Captain John Swallow and quarter master Seika Hellbound are hosting Pyrate Lore and Harbour Walks every Thursday evening . The two pirates are offering a unique insight into the history of Port Colborne , the Welland Canal and Lake Erie . During the 90-minute walk , Swallow and Hellbound talk to visitors about shipwrecks , treasure , smuggling and some of the facts and fiction surrounding the Great Lakes .
Swallow and Hellbound said they do n't want to give all their stories away , but they could share that there are many shipwrecks in Lake Erie . Swallow said there are in fact more shipwrecks in Lake Erie per square mile than there are in all the Great Lakes combined .
“ We have more shipwrecks in part of Lake Erie than there are in the Bermuda Triangle . And that 's part of Lake Erie – it has four times as many shipwrecks as the entire Bermuda Triangle , ” Swallow said .
There are more than 1,400 shipwrecks and two planes at the bottom of Lake Erie . Hellbound said every so often divers will find another wreck .
Swallow said although many of the wrecks were caused by the weather , a number of them went down due to piracy . Near Long Point , Swallow said a great number of ships went down because of mooncussers . Mooncussers were pirates would would extinguish the flame of lighthouses and build fires further down the coast to attract merchant ships . When ships would approach the new fire they would run aground and pirates would loot the ships .
“ It 's not Hollywood 's version of piracy . Piracy for the most part is n't going after a ship that 's got gold or jewels . For the most part it 's going after commodities , ” Hellbound said .
On the Great Lakes , pirates would go after goods including lumber and venison . Hellbound , who has a degree in history , said if the goods were stolen in Canada , pirates would sell it in the United States and visa versa .
Swallow and Hellbound said there is one famous individual who settled in Port Colborne and was known to be a pirate . They said to find out who that person is people need to come on out for a walk .
“ Someone very important to the history of this region ... that 's as far as I 'm going , ” Hellbound said .
Hellbound and Swallow both bring a unique element to the walk since both lay claim to pirate heritage . Hellbound said they can trace their lineage back to an uncle from nine generations ago who sailed with Blackbeard . Hellbound also has an uncle from the 1600s who left the royal navy to join Peter Easton on their Pirate ship , eventually becoming captain . Easton was a pirate who operated along the Newfoundland coastline between 1611 and 1614 .
Swallow said the walk is easily accessible for everyone . People meet at 7 p.m. every Thursday along the Welland Canal at the corner of West Street and Clarence Street , weather permitting . Tickets are $ 15 for adults and $ 5 for children .
Mallenberg @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ M_Allenberg
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Look out 'cause The Greatest Showman sing-a-long is coming to a cinema near you .
The hit musical may have only been released in December , but it has already gained a legion of fans for its catchy tunes .
Following the success of the film , starring Hugh Jackman , Zac Efron and Zendaya , a sing-a-long version will be shown at cinemas across the country .
Now you can sing the Golden Globe-winning This is Me at the top of your lungs and no-one in the cinema can tell you off .
Other popular hits from the musical include title song The Greatest Show , Rewrite the Stars and From Now On .
This is where you can see the sing-a-long special in Gloucestershire :
Cineworld , Cheltenham
Friday , February 23
8pm
Saturday , February 24
3pm , 8pm
Sunday , February 25
5.30pm
Cineworld , Gloucester Quays
Friday , February 23
8pm
Saturday , February 24
3pm , 8pm
Sunday , February 25
5.30pm
Vue , Stroud
Friday , February 23
7.45pm
Saturday , February 24
2.45pm
Sunday , February 25
2.45pm
The film is inspired on the story of P.T Barnum 's creation of the Barnum and Bailey Circus and its weird and wonderful acts .
CHATSWORTH , Ont . — Provincial police say a man is recovering after an officer found them unresponsive and administered a medication to reverse opioid overdoses .
Police say the officer responded to a report of an unresponsive man in Chatsworth , Ont. , early Monday morning .
They say the officer found the man without vital signs and began to perform CPR .
OPP say when the man remained unresponsive the officer administered naloxone and the man began to breathe but remained unconscious .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A Bronx deli clerk has a broken jaw after two men hurled avocados at them during a dispute caught on security video .
The 21-year-old victim , who also suffered a severely bruised eye , underwent surgery on their jaw Friday .
The video shows the clerk grabbing their head after an avocado hits him . Another worker tries to dodge the produce projectiles .
Police say the customers erupted in anger when there was confusion over their food order . The clerk moved to eject them and the scene turned violent .
The attack happened on Memorial Day and police released the video Tuesday in hopes of finding the two men .
Denver is becoming more convenient by the day .
Food delivery services like UberEats and Grubhub have swept the city and made it easier for us all to order our favorite eats with the click of a button . Now , Amazon and Whole Foods Market have announced their version of free two-hour delivery using Prime .
Now available 1o oUS cities , the service previously launched earlier this year with plans to expand throughout the country . And starting today , Prime members in the Mile High City can have their favorite Whole Foods items from fresh baked goods , produce , meat , seafood and other locally sourced products delivered right to their door . The only downside for Denver is that booze delivery is still not yet available .
“ We 've been delighted with the customer response to free two-hour delivery through Prime Now and we 're excited to bring the service to our customers in Denver , Sacramento and San Diego , ” said Christina Minardi , Whole Foods Market Executive Vice President of Operations . “ Today 's announcement is another way that we are continuing to expand access to our high-quality products and locally-sourced favorites . ”
Prime members will receive free two-hour delivery or one-hour delivery for $ 7.99 on orders of $ 35 or more . Delivery from Whole Foods Market through Prime Now is available every day between the hours of 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. Go here or download the Prime Now app to get started .
–
( MENAFN - Muscat Daily ) Muscat- PERi-PERi fans can now get their day off to a flying start with Nando 's new and exciting breakfast menu . Exclusive to its branch in Al Mouj Muscat , the menu features a wide variety of hot , sweet and filling meals available from 8am-11am seven days a week including classic breakfast favourites and Nando 's inspired PERi-PERi original creations .
Sizzling and flavourful , the menu has something for everyone with a 'Usual Suspects ' section featuring toast and croissant options , an extensiv'Eggs ' menu including delicious options such as the Nando 's Benedict and ovos ranchos as well as a generous amount of sides and breakfast rolls to choose from .
PERi-PERi chicken enthusiasts can still indulge in classic chicken options such as wings and wraps and for those after something sweet there is a delicious pancakes and fruit option as well .
There is also a special menu for kids to kick-start their day at Nando 's .
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248630
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Water bosses have now launched an underwater drone – the only one of its kind in the UK – to help tackle the city 's crumbling sewage system without causing traffic misery .
Using the floating drone technology to survey the sewers under Cambridge , Anglian Water is maintaining the network of pipes which it describes as a “ huge job '' a `` constant challenge ” to monitor .
To access some of the main trunk sewers that take used water from homes to the Cambridge Water Recycling Centre off Milton Road , the company is employing the state-of-the-art MSI ( Multi Survey Inspection ) Profiler .
The unit , which is operated by partners Draincare , is floated down the pipes and uses laser , sonar and high definition CCTV to scan the pipes as it goes .
It gives a detailed report of corrosion and silt build up in the pipes and will be used to plan ahead to “ ensure the city 's sewer network is robust and free flowing ” . This technology also means Anglian Water can reduce traffic disruption and road notices as fewer manhole entries are made into the sewers .
The unit is the only one of its kind in the UK and was developed by US firm Redzone Robotics . Once the data from the unit is gathered it will be sent to the US where it will be analysed and 3D models of Cambridge 's sewers produced .
Nik Shelton , Anglian Water spokesperson , said : “ Cambridge is a hub for innovation and technology , and it 's no different when it comes to looking after the sewers under the city .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
“ The sewer network is a vital part of the infrastructure that Cambridge 's residents and businesses rely on , but it 's out of sight , out of mind so it 's easy to forget that it 's working right under our feet 24/7 , 365 days a year .
`` Inevitably with the huge amounts of used water that it has to cope with , it will need maintenance and repair from time to time . So getting this floating drone into the pipes helps us identify any areas of weakness and means we can plan work ahead .
“ We have already surveyed nearly three kilometres of sewers under Cambridge and we 'll be back next week to carry out more .
“ Getting into sewers is a dangerous job and the apparatus needed above ground can require roads and footpaths to be partially closed . So this unit also means we can get the job done more safely and with less disruption for local residents . ”
By David Eggert , Associated Press
LANSING , Mich. ( AP ) — Political newcomer Shri Thanedar is touting their career as a scientist in the first TV ad of the Michigan governor 's race , also taking swipes at President Donald Trump and term-limited Republican Gov . Rick Snyder in their bid for the Democratic nomination .
The 30-second ad , which will debut Tuesday — eight months before the August primary — introduces Thanedar as a scientist-chemist who worked on cures and medicines ignored by “ big drug companies ” and as a backer of a single-payer health care system . It calls the Republican president a “ climate change denier ” and the GOP governor an accountant “ who brought us the Flint drinking water crisis . ”
The ad will air roughly two months earlier than when Snyder ran their first gubernatorial ad eight years ago . At the time , Snyder — like Thanedar — was a wealthy business person from Ann Arbor who was polling in the single digits .
“ We 've seen a great response to Shri 's message everywhere we 've traveled , and we 're excited to bring that same progressive message directly to a much wider audience , ” Thanedar campaign manager Brian Spangle said in a statement Monday . They declined to say how broadly and for how long the ad will air .
Outside Democratic consultant Josh Pugh , who tracks political TV ads , said Thanedar 's campaign spent $ 115,000 to air the ad on cable through Dec. 20 in the Detroit market and for a couple spots in the Flint and Lansing markets during the bowl games for the University of Michigan and Michigan State football teams . It is the first in a series of ads that the campaign plans to run into 2018 .
Thanedar sold a majority stake in their chemical-testing company last year . As of October , they had given their campaign nearly $ 6 million and still had nearly $ 5.7 million on hand . It was more than double the combined accounts of other viable Democratic candidates : former legislative leader Gretchen Whitmer and former Detroit health director Abdul El-Sayed . They each will be eligible for up to $ 990,000 in public funding for the primary , depending on how many contributions of $ 100 or less they receive from state residents .
The ad shows Thanedar in a white lab coat and says the next governor “ should get science. ” It highlights their pledge to accept no corporate political action committee donations and calls them the most progressive Democrat in the race .
Trump and their Cabinet have often avoided talking about the science of climate change , but they have promised to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris climate agreement . Before taking office , Trump said several times that they did not believe in human-made climate change , including in a 2012 tweet in which they suggested it was a hoax created by China to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive .
A spokesperson for Snyder , who has apologized for their administration 's role in the lead contamination of Flint 's water supply , declined to comment on the ad .
El-Sayed spokesperson Adam Joseph said “ being ‘ progressive ' is not about what any candidates say about themselves ” and El-Sayed has delivered “ progressive results ” such as providing free glasses to Detroit schoolchildren and increasing lead exposure tests .
Thanedar , an entrepreneur and immigrant from India who worked as a postdoctoral scientist at the University of Michigan in the early 1980s , moved back to the state in 2010 after living more than two-dozen years in Missouri . There , they bought a small three-person lab and grew it to a 450-employee business only to lose the company to receivership and see their multimillion-dollar home foreclosed .
They rebounded by founding Avomeen Analytical Services in Ann Arbor and selling it for $ 33.6 million . They have denied accusations in a lawsuit that they fraudulently misled the buyer , whose majority owner is the private equity fund High Street Capital in Chicago .
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
.
Monster Energy Cup
XFINITY
Camping World Truck
Special Interest –
TIME LISTED – Mountain Standard ( MST )
Charlotte
Friday , Oct. 6
11:30 p.m – Cup Practice – NBCSN
1:00 p.m – XFINITY Practice – NBCSN
4:00 p.m – XFINITY Final Practice – NBCSN
5:00 p.m – Cup Qualifying – NBCSN
8:30 p.m – NASCAR K & N Series Race at Dover – NBCSN
Saturday , Oct. 7
8:00 a.m – NASCAR Whelen Modified – NBCSN
9:00 a.m – Cup Practice – NBCSN
10:00 a.m – XFINITY Qualifying – NBCSN
11:30 am – Cup Final Practice – NBCSN
12:30 p.m – XFINITY Pre-race – NBCSN
1:00 p.m – XFINITY – Drive for The Cure 300 – NBCSN
3:30 p.m – XFINITY Post-Race Show – NBCSN
Sunday , Oct. 8
9:00 a.m – NASCAR Special – NBCSN
10:00 a.m – NASCAR America Sunday- NBCSN
11:00 a.m – Cup Pre-race – NBC
12:00 p.m – Cup – Bank of America 500 – NBC
4:00 p.m – Cup Post-Race – NBCSN
4:30 p.m – NASCAR Victory Lap , NBCSN
.
If you think you know what Crocs look like , think again . Drew Barrymore just collaborated with the brand and the foam clogs look chicer than ever . Instead of the classic solid colors that we 're used to seeing , the actor mixed blue and yellow tones for their first Crocs Color-Block collection .
You 'll also find slides on the roster and personal touches that are oh-so Drew—like daisy and heart embellishments . The six new styles are also affordable with prices ranging from $ 30 to $ 50 , so you might as well grab a pair for the entire family . Yes , they have kid sizes , too .
Courtesy
Check out the entire Drew Barrymore x Crocs Color-Block collection now at crocs.com .
Other things to know when Pittsburgh visits Syracuse on Saturday :
DYNAMIC DUO : Record-setting receiver Amba Etta-Tawo , a transfer from Maryland , completed their one-year Syracuse career last November against Pitt with 13 receptions for 178 yards and five touchdowns . The Orange do n't figure to miss a beat with senior wideouts Steve Ishmael and Erv Philips .
Ishmael has eclipsed 100 yards receiving in every game and leads the nation with 10.2 catches per game while Philips is third at 8.8 . The two have a combined 95 catches for 1,052 yards and four TDs .
MAX IS BACK ... MAYBE : The two-man tug of war at quarterback for Pitt appears to be over . Graduate transfer Max Browne put the competition between themselves and sophomore Ben DiNucci to rest -- for now -- after lighting up Rice for 410 yards and four touchdowns .
`` Max is back , and we 've just got to keep them that way , and we 've got to be able to throw the ball this weekend , for sure , '' Narduzzi said .
For the first time all season , Browne had the time and the confidence to go deep regularly . Four different receivers had at least one reception of at least 20 yards against Rice . The Panthers entered the game near the bottom of the country in yards per completion .
UNDER ATTACK : The Panthers are ranked 106th in the country against the pass , though that 's actually an improvement over a year ago , when Pitt was next-to-last in the nation . The resume included allowing 440 yards to the Orange .
Narduzzi does n't feel quite as wary this time around . The return of safety Jordan Whitehead from suspension and the improvement of Dane Jackson at corner have given the secondary a bit more bite .
`` They want to get matchups . Sure , they are going to try to go after our safeties , and I would , too , '' Narduzzi said . `` So we have got to shore up what we are doing with those guys , how we are doing it . And you know , they can go after the corners . I hope they go after the corners because I feel good about whom those guys are out there right now . I feel a lot better than we did last year at this game . ''
THE DUNGEY FACTOR : Last year backup QB Zack Mahoney started against Pitt in place of Eric Dungey , who missed the final three games of the season . Mahoney tied a school record with five TD passes and also ran for 49 yards and two TDs in finishing with 489 yards in total offence , the second-best total at Syracuse .
Dungey is much more experienced and a more dangerous dual threat , and he , too , is healthy . Dungey ranks in the top 10 nationally in completions per game ( 27 ) and total offence ( 342.8 yards ) .
DOME HOME : The Carrier Dome once was a house of horrors for Pitt . The Panthers are 8-10-1 there but 6-2 in their last eight visits . Pitt also has won 11 of the past 12 games in the series .
___
AP Sports Writer Will Graves in Pittsburgh contributed to this report .
___
More college football coverage : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Kekis , The Associated Press
( WWJ ) A new study of homeless youth in Detroit by Loyola University says 1 in 5 are victims of human trafficking , with a whopping 21 percent of the 60 local respondents in the study saying they had been trafficked for sex , labor , or both .
Cynthia Adams , associate executive director at Covenant House , said they had no idea the numbers would be so high .
They added now that they are aware of such high numbers they can do something to address it .
“ One of the things it 's caused us to do is really take a good look at how young people get involved in human trafficking issues and so what we want to to do is take those reasons they get involved and try to make it as positive as possible , ” Adams said .
They added that providing this youth with resources to keep them off the street is imperative so they do n't become victims .
About 56 percent of sex trafficking reported in the study in Detroit was by LGBT youth . For reference , sex trafficking was defined in the study as “ the recruitment , harboring , transportation , provision , obtaining , patronizing , or soliciting of a person for the purposes of a commercial sex act , in which the commercial sex act is induced by force , fraud , or coercion , or in which the person induced to perform such an act has not attained 18 years of age .
“ Labor trafficking is the recruitment , harboring , transportation , provision , or obtaining of a person for labor or services , through the use of force , fraud , or coercion for the purposes of subjection to involuntary servitude , debt bonding or slavery . ”
Overall , the study included 13 cities . Researchers interviewed homeless youth at Covenant House shelters in Anchorage , Atlanta , Detroit , Ft. Lauderdale , Los Angeles , New Orleans , Oakland , Philadelphia , St. Louis , Toronto , Vancouver , and Washington , D.C . Interviews were also conducted with young people at Tumbleweed , one•n•ten , and Native American Connections – all located in Phoenix .
“ The totals completely floored us , ” Adams said .
They added that more resources are needed to keep young people off the streets so they do n't become victims .
The continued cold weather will see gritting trucks out on the county roads again this evening .
Warwickshire County Council 's grit trucks were sent out from 1.30pm today ( Monday , December 11 ) as road temperatures struggled to get above freezing , and the service has planned another gritting run from 9pm this evening .
The county highways department is expecting road temperatures to drop to between -5 and -10 degrees C overnight , leading to risks of ice on the roads for the morning .
The gritters treat 46 per cent of the county 's 2,368 mile ( 3,820km ) highway network . They cover all main traffic routes , A roads , most B roads and one or other two other strategic routes ; in urban areas , the accesses to hospitals and main industrial estates ; a single route into all villages .
The team had their gritters and snow ploughs out on Sunday , and gritted routes twice overnight into Monday .
Islamabad : Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) chairperson Imran Khan has threatened that they would lead the country 's largest-ever protest movement if Article 62 of the Constitution was amended .
`` There is a conspiracy in progress aimed to scrap Article 62 , which makes it mandatory for the elected representatives to be Sadiq ( truthful ) and Ameen ( honest ) . PTI will thwart any such efforts and thousands of people will protest in Islamabad against such move , '' Dawn quoted Khan as saying while addressing a public gathering in Liaqat Bagh , Rawalpindi on Sunday .
Khan 's remarks came after former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had said in Lahore that there was a need to amend the Constitution .
Criticising Sharif 's recent public statements and their GT Road rally , Khan said it was a last-ditch effort on behalf of the PML-N to pressurise the National Accountability Bureau , which is investigating Sharif family members following the apex court 's judgment in the Panamagate case .
Dismissing Sharif 's claim that the Judiciary had stolen the people 's mandate by disqualifying him , Khan said the people of Pakistan never gave them the mandate to steal public money and indulge in money laundering .
They said Sharif had failed to fulfil the promise against which people had bestowed them their mandate .
Khan said Sharif 's recent statements seem to suggest that they are busy targeting the army and the judiciary .
Khan challenged Sharif that they will gather 10 times more people in support of the judiciary and the army than the crowds they attracted during their GT Road rally .
They further said that Sharif can not fool all people every time .
While giving the blueprint of their vision about their new Pakistan , Khan said , `` A system of taxation supporting the poor will be established , while reforms will be introduced in the health and education sectors , and government-owned facilities would provide state-of-the-art education and health to the poor . ''
The PTI chief said that accountability would be ensured at every level in the new Pakistan as there can be no good governance without it .
Buenos Aires : Lionel Messi warmed up for next month 's FIFA World Cup with a hat-trick as they inspired Argentina to a morale-boosting 4-0 win over Haiti in a pre-tournament friendly here .
Messi scored a quickfire second-half double ( 58th and 68th minutes ) to add to a first-half ( 17th minute ) penalty , before setting up substitute Sergio Aguero ( 69th ) as Jorge Sampaoli 's side hammered the Caribbean minnows in their final phase of preparations for the showpiece event .
With this hat-trick , the FC Barcelona talisman took their international tally to 64 goals in 124 appearances .
The Albicelestes , who are two-time world champions , had struggled throughout the qualifying campaign but the thoroughly dominating display here should boost their confidence even though the win came against a side that has not qualified for the World Cup .
Haiti could not even register a shot at the goal in the whole match . It was a night of celebration for another Barcelona star as Javier Mascherano joined Javier Zanetti as Argentina 's most capped player with 143 international appearances .
`` I have no doubt that we are going to grow , we have time , this team is going to take shape '' .We have been working hard on the physical , I think we have a nice opportunity to try again , we are going to be very excited , as always , '' Messi said after the match .
Argentina play Iceland in Moscow in their first match of the World Cup on June 16 .
Sampaoli was upbeat about their superstar No . 10 , saying , `` Messi is training very well , they finished the Spanish tournament and two days later they were here , they look very enthusiastic '' .
`` Against Iceland we will have to take advantage of the domain , we need a high level of force in the World Cup . ''
In other friendly matches , Peru eased past Scotland 2-0 in Lima while Panama were held to a goal-less draw at home by Northern Ireland .
Peru were the dominant side over an inexperienced Scotland with goals either side of half-time .
Christian Cueva converted a spot-kick eight minutes before the break , while Jefferson Farfan added the second just after the resumption .
There was a celebratory atmosphere in Panama City , but no goals for local fans to cheer .
Panama came closest to breaking the deadlock against Northern Ireland , but Edgar Joel Barcenas saw their first-half header come back off the crossbar .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shaun Derry took as much satisfaction from Cambridge United 's 1-1 draw at Yeovil Town last night as they have from any of their wins this season .
The U 's manager saw their side fall behind in the 79th minute at Huish Park , only for substitute Barry Corr to get their first goal since returning from a 14-month injury lay-off a minute from time .
It ended a run of four straight defeats for the visitors in Sky Bet League Two , and the boss was thrilled with the character shown by their men to get something from the contest .
“ It was never going to be easy on the back of four losses , but the important thing for us was we had to stop the rot , simple as that , ” said Derry .
“ It was never going to be an easy game as this is a football club that was in the Championship only a few years ago . I know they 've had some sort of decline , but they 've got a spirit and a belief .
“ We went 1-0 down from the only lapse of the game from a defensive angle for us , which is disappointing , but I think the words we should be using are resilience and character to mark that comeback .
“ I thought it was fantastic energy and effort , and just a spirit and a desire that got us that point . I 'm as happy with that point as I am with any win this season . ”
Derry was delighted to see Corr come off the bench to make their mark , with the Irish striker converting from close range from Leon Legge 's flick-on to end United 's three-game goal drought .
“ He 's come on and grabbed the point for us , ” said Derry .
“ He 's a goal scorer and for 14 months we 've probably had our most potent goalscorer out of the group and it 's been a big loss to us . ”
Another positive from the night was the performance of youngster Leon Davies , but injuries to George Maris and Uche Ikpeazu will have to be assessed .
Click through to see every look from Proenza Schouler 's Pre-Fall 2017 collection , which is available to shop now in-store and online at proenzaschouler.com .
Earlier we reported about how this fire on cove lane started . Now we 're learning the weather yesterday also had a big impact on the firefighting efforts . High winds shortly after the fire was under control caused some headaches for the firefighters .
We had a reporter on the scene of the fire yesterday while crews were wrapping up and a big wind storm came in and caused some hot spots to flair back up again .
Earlier today we spoke with a battalion chief from great falls fire rescue to talk about how much the weather can have an impact on fire fighting . They told us that it 's not only the lightning we have to worry about , but the high winds have a big impact on these fires as well .
“ Not only does it push the fire and add oxygen to the fire to make it bigger , but it also dries out the moisture from the fuel ahead of it . It can also create spot firing by pushing embers across the control line where the firefighters have already stopped it ” says Battalion Chief Dave Van Son .
Luckily the flair ups yesterday during the storm did n't burn any more of the wild land on cove lane , that being said , Dave told us with high winds a strong possibility , they will always keep crews at the spot of a wildfire longer than normal to ensure no hotspots flair up from the high winds .
With the possibility of some windy conditions moving into our area in the next couple days , it certainly could cause a headache for firefighters if wild land fires start up in the next week .
By The Associated Press
BASEBALL
COMMISSIONER 'S OFFICE — Named Dan Halem deputy comissioner in addition to their duties as chief legal officer , Chris Park executive vice president/product and marketing , Noah Garden executive vice president/commerce and Chris Marinak executive vice president/strategy , technology and innovation . Promoted chief operating officer Tony Petitti to deputy commissioner/business and media .
American League
HOUSTON ASTROS — Agreed to terms with RHP Matt Ramsey and C Tim Federowicz on minor league contracts .
National League
ATLANTA BRAVES — Named Alex Tamin director of major league operations and Jason Pare assistant general manager/research and development .
MIAMI MARLINS — Traded OF Giancarlo Stanton and cash to the N.Y. Yankees for 2B Starlin Castro , RHP Jorge Guzman and SS Jose Devers .
Advertisement
MILWAUKEE BREWERS — Agreed to terms with C Alex Hall and SS Jesse Williams on minor league contracts .
FOOTBALL National Football League
INDIANAPOLIS COLTS — Released CB Taurean Nixon from the practice squad . Signed WR Matt Hazel to the practice squad .
Canadian Football League
EDMONTON ESKIMOS — Traded QB James Franklin and a 2018 third-round draft pick to Toronto for OL Mason Woods . Announced the resignaton of scout Torey Hunter , who accepted the position of director of player personnel and player development with the B.C . Lions .
HOCKEY National Hockey League
NASHVILLE PREDATORS — Reassigned G Anders Lindback to Milwaukee ( AHL ) . Recalled G Juuse Saros from Milwaukee .
NEW YORK RANGERS — Reassigned G Chris Nell from Hartford ( AHL ) to Adirondack ( ECHL ) .
American Hockey League
LEHIGH VALLEY PHANTOMS — Returned D Frank Hora on loan to Reading ( ECHL ) . Recalled F Alex Krushelnyski on loan from Reading .
SAN ANTONIO RAMPAGE — Reassigned D Nicolas Meloche to Colorado ( ECHL ) .
COLLEGE
DELAWARE — Named Kelly Anderson assistant women 's tennis coach .
FLORIDA — Named Nick Savage director of strength and conditioning .
FLORIDA A & M — Named Willie Simmons football coach .
MEMPHIS — Announced the resignation of offensive coordinator and running backs coach Darrell Dickey to become offensive coordinator at Texas A & M .
Hacienda Luisita has fully complied with the 2011 order of the Supreme Court
Published 8:02 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Supreme Court ( SC ) said that Hacienda Luisita has fully complied with the Court 's 2011 order to distribute sale shares to 6,296 farmworker beneficiaries .
An audit panel from the Department of Agrarian Reform ( DAR ) informed the SC that there are no more unspent balances from the sale of some of Luisita 's lots which were covered by the agrarian reform program .
Luisita had sold to private and government entities lots which were supposed to be under agrarian reform . In July 2011 , the Supreme Court ordered Luisita to share with the farmworker beneficiaries proceeds from the sale . ( READ : Hacienda Luisita : The struggle continues )
The lots were sold for P1.3 billion . The Court ordered the DAR to get accounting firms to determine how much of the proceeds were legitimately used for corporate purposes .
The remainder shall be distributed to 6,296 farmworker beneficiaries .
“ To sum up , all three members of the audit panel have determined that the legitimate corporate expenses of Hacienda Luisita Inc for the years 1998 up to 2011 , coupled with the taxes and expenses related to the sale of the 3 % share already distributed to the Farmworker Benbeficiaries , far exceeded the proceeds of the sale of the adverted 580.51-hectare lot , ” the SC said . ( READ : 12 years on , still no justice for Hacienda Luisita massacre victims )
The sales included P500 million from Luisita Realty Inc for a 1996 conversion order ; P750 million received by Hacienda Luisita 's subsidiary , Centennary Holdings Inc , from the Luisita Industrial Park Corporation ; and P80.5 million from the Bases Conversion Development Authority for the sale of a lot used to build the Subic-Clark-Tarlac Expressway or SCTEX .
The DAR 's audit panel tapped the services of firms Ocampo , Mendoza , Leong and Lim ( OMLL ) and Navarro Amper & Co. ( Deloitte ) , and certified public accountant Carissa May Pay-Penson .
In 2017 , farmers broke the walls surrounding a lot , claiming it should be part of the distribution plan . Hacienda Luisita turned over the land to Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation ( RCBC ) as payment for a P431.7-million loan obligation .
RCBC claimed the property should be exempted from the distribution plans . – Rappler.com
Double-edged sword : Opinion poll shows Trump 's Iran policy risks
By James M. Dorsey / Mid-East Soccer .
US President Donald J. Trump 's inclination to withdraw from a three-year old international agreement that curbs Iran 's nuclear program is likely to strengthen the country 's hardliners even if the withdrawal would put responsibility for mounting economic and social discontent squarely on the shoulder of President Hassan Rouhani 's government .
That is the conclusion from a public opinion poll that shows widespread support for Iran 's nuclear and missile programs , deep distrust of Mr. Trump and the United States , and rising criticism of a government that has failed to raise standards of living , get management of the economy right , and fight corruption .
Iran scholar Esfandyar Batmanghelidj suggested that , taken together , responses in the poll to the nuclear issue and the economy revealed the “ economic roots of a new-anti-Americanism ” in one of the few Middle Eastern countries where public perceptions of the United States until the rise of Mr. Trump had been largely positive . Tehran and Tel Aviv were the only two major Middle Eastern cities that reacted to the 9/11 attacks in 2001 in New York and Washington with pro-American demonstrations .
Mr. Batmanghelidj said anti-Americanism was increasing because of perceptions that the Trump administration had failed to fulfil its obligations under the 2015 nuclear agreement negotiated with Iran by the United States , the European Union , Russia , China , Britain , France and Germany . “ The very idea of diplomacy is being defeated , ” Mr. Batmanghelidj said .
More than 80 percent of those surveyed concluded that relations with the US had not improved as a result of the agreement , a stark increase from the 55.7 percent polled in June 2016 . 69.2 percent described Mr. Trump as completely hostile towards Iran as compared to 49.6 percent in December 2016 .
Some 60 percent asserted that the US had not lifted all the sanctions it was obliged to wave under the agreement , up from 24.5 percent in June 2016 . In perhaps one of the more startling responses , the number of Iranians who had an unfavourable or somewhat unfavourable view of Americans rose from 45 percent in July 2014 to 54.5 percent in January of this year .
Three quarters of those surveyed by IranPoll have soured on the nuclear accord . Despite approval of the agreement dropping only 12 points from 87 percent in 2009 to 75.3 percent in January , the poll suggested that a significant majority favoured a hard line on nuclear issues although support for military applications at a mere 1.9 percent was miniscule .
Support for the nuclear accord dropped from 76.5 percent in 2015 to 55.1 percent in January , indicating mounting disillusionment because of the agreement 's failure to produce tangible economic benefits for a majority of the population . That perception was evident in the fact that the sense of lack of economic benefit remained static with 73.8 percent saying in 2016 that they had seen no upside and 74.8 percent expressing a similar sentiment in January .
The 103-question poll raises the question of how the jellying of Iranian foreign , defense , and economic policies will play out . The poll suggests that the public is likely to rally around the Iranian government in support of its refusal to bow to Mr. Trump 's demand for a renegotiation of the nuclear accord .
The question whether the government can address economic and social grievances that recently erupted in widespread anti-government protest is likely to influence attitudes towards the United States as well as the EU that has yet to put flesh on its skeleton of opposition to US tinkering with the nuclear accord .
The EU has so far refrained from putting legal protections in place to protect European companies that invest in Iran against US secondary sanctions should Washington decide to withdraw from the nuclear accord .
Iranian government officials insist that they have heard the complaints expressed in the recent protests . “ Growth has not been inclusive , ” admits Ali Taiebnia , Mr. Rouhani 's senior economic advisor . Mr. Taiebnia added that “ those in charge have heard the message . ”
Discussing the Iranian economy , Mr. Taiebnia projected signals of potential change as routine rather than as a response to the protests . They described efforts to reduce the role of the military and the Revolutionary Guards in the economy except for construction as a policy that was being developed for the past three years . Businesses associated with the Guards are believed to account for 15 percent of Iran 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei appeared last month in the wake of the protests to put their weight for the first time publicly behind the initiative .
Mr. Taiebnia said an initial study had concluded that “ the role of the military in the economy has been exaggerated , ” but conceded that a commission had decided that it ( the armed forces and the Guards ) should withdraw from the services , finance and manufacturing ” sectors .
Mr. Taiebnia appeared to downplay this week 's rejection by parliament of the government budget that Mr. Rouhani presented in December on the eve of the protests in a speech in which they focused on corruption . “ It 's not important . It will be re-discussed and most probably approved , ” Mr. Taiebnia said .
Parliamentarians insisted that the budget needed to address issues such as employment and poverty . The budget 's proposed slashing of cash payments to tens of millions of Iranians was one reason parliament rejected it .
The long and short of the poll 's results is that Iranians are increasingly pessimistic about their economic prospects and that Mr. Trump 's belief that they can force Iran to make concessions on its missile program and support of groups in Lebanon , Syria , Iraq and Yemen and possibly incite Iranians to revolt against their government could backfire by altering public perceptions of the United States and possibly Europe .
A European move to ensure that it can abide by the nuclear agreement even if the Mr. Trump withdraws could focus Iranian anger exclusively on the US . Some 60 percent of those surveyed expressed confidence that Europe would live up to its obligations .
Perhaps the most troubling poll result is the fact that 67.4 percent of those surveyed concluded from the experience of the agreement that “ it is not worthwhile for Iran to make concessions , because Iran can not have confidence that if it makes a concession world powers will honour their side of an agreement . ”
In a further warning sign , 67.3 percent favoured Iran seeking to achieve economic self-sufficiency – a policy pursued by former hard-line Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . That promises to complicate any future negotiation with Iran .
Dr. James M. Dorsey is a senior fellow at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies , co-director of the University of Würzburg 's Institute for Fan Culture , and co-host of the New Books in Middle Eastern Studies podcast . James is the author of The Turbulent World of Middle East Soccer blog , a book with the same title as well as Comparative Political Transitions between Southeast Asia and the Middle East and North Africa , co-authored with Dr. Teresita Cruz-Del Rosario , Shifting Sands , Essays on Sports and Politics in the Middle East and North Africa , and the forthcoming China and the Middle East : Venturing into the Maelstrom
As 2017 comes to an end , many e-commerce sites are now announcing year end sales and deals on audio products . As such Amazon has now announced up to 60 percent off on Consumer Electronics .
So if you are looking to buy a Home Theatre system , popular e-commerce website has now listed attractive offers on this category from different bands .
Apart from Home Theatre system the company has also announced offers on speakers ( both wired and wireless ) as well . Interestingly , Amazon is also offering a flat 30 percent discount on its Echo series devices .
SEE ALSO : Samsung Christmas Carnival Discount offers : Get up to Rs 8,000 Paytm cashback on Galaxy phones
Top brands like Philips , Bose , Sennheiser , Philips , AmazonBasics , Sony , Zoook , Bose , JBL and more popular brands are available in this amazon audio offer sale . So if you have been longing to own something that sound good and that delivers a rich sound experience now might be the time to check out the devices .
To make things easier for you , we have compiled a list of speakers and home-theatre system that Amazon is currently offering a discounted price on . Check out the products below .
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates !
31 % off on Creative E2400 Home Theater System ( Black ) M.R.P . : 3,599.00
Price : 2,500.00
Deal Price : 2,479.00
You Save : 1,120.00 ( 31 % )
Click Here to Buy This offer
Key Features
High performance wired speaker system that produces 25 watts of raw audio power
Wooden subwoofer cabinet for excellent bass reproduction
Built in Mp3 player that plays music from your USB thumb drives
FM receiver with automatic tuning stores your favourite FM radio stations
Dual input connectivity options
Accepts RCA for your TV and DVD player or 3.5 millimetres stereo for computers
Choose between multiple equalizer presents that suit your mood 45 % off on JBL Cinema SB250 Wireless Soundbar with Wireless Subwoofer M.R.P . : 39,990.00
Price : 21,990.00
You Save : 18,000.00 ( 45 % )
Click Here To Buy This Offer
Key Features
JBL 2.1 Soundbar
JBL Soundbar
Comes with remote control
Soundbar with wireless subwoofer
JBL Cinema SB250 60 % off on Philips HTL1031 2.1 Channel Soundbar Speakers with Subwoofer ( Black ) M.R.P . : 10,000.00
Deal Price : 3,999.00
You Save : 6,001.00 ( 60 % )
Click Here To Buy This offer
Key Features Enjoy MP3/WMA music directly from your portable USB devices
Works with TVs , BD/DVD players , gaming consoles , MP3 players
Demo+ installation : Please contact Philips service center at 1860-180-1111 for free demonstration and installation of the product .
Low-rise profile for the perfect fit in front of your TV
Flexible placement on the wall or table top
External subwoofer adds thrill to the action
Dimensions : Soundbar ( 715 x 110 x 92mm , 3.7kg ) 31 % 31 % off on Sony Extra Bass SRS-XB10 Portable Splash-proof Wireless Speakers with Bluetooth and NFC ( Blue ) M.R.P . : 4,990.00
Price : 3,425.00
You Save : 1,565.00 ( 31 % )
Click Here to Buy This offer
Key Features Bluetooth speakers made for electronic dance music ( EDM )
Extra bass for deep and punchy sound
One-touch listening with NFC and Bluetooth
Up to 16 hours of battery life for longer listening hours
Splash proof for worry-free use
Built-in mic for hands-free calling
Compact , portable design for easy carrying 53 % off on Philips SPT-6660 2.0 Channel Tower Speakers ( Black ) M.R.P . : 14,990.00
Deal Price : 6,999.00
You Save : 7,991.00 ( 53 % ) Click Here To Buy This offer
Key Features 2 Mic inputs for Best in class Karoke experience
Tower Design with powerful subwoofer
Demo+ installation : Please contact Philips service center at 1860-180-1111 for free demonstration and installation of the product .
Elegant & compact design to party anywhere . Echo control for quality sound output
8000 W PMPO and Super Bass . FM tuner 10.2 Mic-in Aux -in
USB port is compatible with MP3 format only 22 % off on JBL Flip 4 Portable Wireless Speaker ( Teal ) M.R.P . : 9,999.00
Price : 7,840.00
You Save : 2,159.00 ( 22 % ) Click Here to Buy This offer
Key Features Wirelessly connect up to 2 smartphones or tablets to the speaker and take turns playing impressive stereo sound
Built-in 3000mAh rechargeable Li-ion battery supports up to 12 hours of playtime
No more worrying about rain or spills
You can even submerge Flip 4 in water
Link 2 or more JBL Flip 4 using JBL Connect plus application
Take crystal clear calls from your speaker with inbuilt noise and echo cancelling mic
Access Siri or Google Now from your speaker
The durable fabric material and rugged rubber housing allows your speaker to outcast all your adventures 31 % off on Sony SRS-XB30/LC-IN5 Portable Bluetooth Speakers ( Blue ) M.R.P . : 12,990.00
Price : 8,909.00
You Save : 4,081.00 ( 31 % ) Click Here To Buy This offer
Key Features Bluetooth speakers made for electronic dance music ( EDM )
Extra bass for deep and punchy sound
One-touch listening with NFC and Bluetooth
Multicolored line light and flashing strobe
Get things booming with wireless party chain
Up to 24 hours of battery life
Splash proof for worry-free use
Built-in mic for hands-free calling 31 % off on LG LH70 B 2.1 Channel DVD Home Cinema System ( Black ) M.R.P . : 7,990.00
Deal Price : 5,499.00
You Save : 2,491.00 ( 31 % )
Click Here to Buy this Offer
Key Features 2.1 channel , 70 watts
Wireless audio streaming via Bluetooth
FM receiver
Bigger subwoofer 7 % off on Sony DAV-DZ350 5.1 Channel DVD Home Theatre System M.R.P . : 21,990.00
Price : 20,480.00
You Save : 1,510.00 ( 7 % ) Click Here to Buy This offer
Key Features Stylish Quartz Monolithic designed 5.1 channel System
Monolithic-Design 5.1-ch System with DVD Player
USB Movie Playback ( Xvid Home and MPEG-4 Simple Profile )
Bluetooth connectivity , supports only MP3
HDMI Output ( Upscale 1080p for DVD )
Stylish Quartz design
BRAVIA Sync 45 % off on JBL Cinema SB350 Premium Wireless Soundbar with Wireless Subwoofer M.R.P . : 49,990.00
Price : 27,333.00
You Save : 22,657.00 ( 45 % ) Click Here to Buy This offer
Key Features Powerful sound of 350W with Bluetooth Connectivity
Uses HDMI ARC for easy connectivity to TV
Includes a Remote Control and Optical Cable
Brings stunning , cinematic sound to any thin-profile TV
Complete all-in-one solution with compact 6,5 '' ( 165mm ) wireless subwoofer
Simple one-cable connection to your TV with HDMI ARC , analog or optical
Big movie sound with Dolby Digital and Harman Display Surround sound
Simplify your experience by using your existing TV remote control for operating your soundbar 10 % off on Bose Wave SoundTouch IV Music System ( Espresso Black ) M.R.P . : 46,500.00
Price : 41,849.00
You Save : 4,651.00 ( 10 % ) Click Here To Buy This offer
Key Features Enjoy all your music easily - online music services , Internet radio , your stored music library , CDs and AM/FM radio
Exclusive Bose waveguide speaker technology delivers lifelike , room-filling sound
Works with your home Wi-Fi network and Bluetooth devices so you can play almost anything you can imagine
Part of an entire family of Bose wireless products 5 % off on Samsung HW-M450/XL 2.1 Channel Wireless Audio Sound bar Speakers ( Black ) M.R.P . : 19,990.00
Price : 18,990.00
You Save : 1,000.00 ( 5 % ) Click Here To Buy This offer
Key Features Enjoy a dynamic home audio experience with 2.1 channel surround sound
Feel the action of your favorite movies , shows and sports with dynamic , powerful bass
Connect wirelessly for one-touch control of your sound bar from Bluetooth-compatible devices
Enjoy your favorite movies , shows and sports with higher quality audio
The HDMI connection transmits digital video and audio over a single cable , delivering a superior entertainment experience
Pairs with wireless speaker kit ( SWA-8500S ) for immersive experience ( Sold separated ) 18 % off on Polk Audio MagniFi Soundbar Speakers ( Black ) M.R.P . : 49,000.00
Deal Price : 39,999.00
You Save : 9,001.00 ( 18 % ) Click Here To Buy This offer
Key Features Immersive home theater audio with a minimalist , clutter-free design
Compact 7 inch wireless subwoofer delivers big bass impact without the hassle of wires
Sound bar/subwoofer time alignment ensures optimal transients and seamless blending
MANILA , Philippines ( AP ) — Simultaneous anti-drug operations in a northern province have left 21 alleged drug offenders dead , police said Tuesday . They called it the highest death toll in a single day since President Rodrigo Duterte launched their ‘ war on drugs ' in July last year .
Senior Superintendent Romeo M. Caramat Jr. said operations in various parts of Bulacan province in the past 24 hours left 21 dead and 64 others arrested . Police said the suspects had offered armed resistance against arresting officers .
Caramat said police seized 21 firearms and more than 100 grams of methamphetamine , more popularly known in the Philippines as shabu , worth 500,000 pesos ( $ 9,800 ) . Cash and assorted drug paraphernalia were also recovered .
Police records show since the crackdown started , 3,264 alleged drug offenders have been killed in gunbattles with law enforcers . More than 2,000 others died in drug-related homicides , including attacks by motorcycle-riding masked gunmen and other assaults .
Human rights groups report a higher toll and demand an independent investigation into Duterte 's possible role in the violence .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Russia has considerably cooled on President Trump and as proof , look no further than Kremlin mouthpiece Dmitry Kiselyov , who told the country 's state-run television network that the American president is `` more dangerous '' than even Kim Jong-un , the leader of North Korea , Bloomberg reports .
`` Trump is more impulsive and unpredictable than Kim Jong-un , '' said Kiselyov . Kiselyov 's view is described as `` usually close '' to the Kremlin 's , and they went on to note that even Kim did n't give their daughter ( who is 4 years old ) an office in the state residence , as opposed to Trump , who appointed their 35-year-old daughter Ivanka to a White House position .
`` Ivanka already convinced Trump to bomb [ Syrian President Bashar ] Assad , what if they convince them to bomb Kim ? '' added newscaster Irada Zeynalova .
Kiselyov argued that both Kim and Trump have `` limited international experience , unpredictability , and a readiness to go to war . ''
`` The world is a hair 's breadth away from a real nuclear war with all its catastrophic consequences , '' Kiselyov said . `` War can break out as a result of confrontation between two personalities : Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un . Both are dangerous , but who is more dangerous ? Trump is . '' Read The Week 's assessment of the North Korea nightmare here . Jeva Lange
The Pittsburgh Steelers attended the North Carolina State pro day on Monday . According to NFL draft writer Tony Pauline , the Steelers sent college scouting coordinator Phil Kreidler to the event .
But who are the Steelers there to watch ? The easy answer might be edge rusher Bradley Chubb . He 's easily one of the most explosive pass rushers in the entire draft .
However , that might be the problem . Even if the Steelers were targeting Chubb , the likelihood they are around for pick No . 28 is slim to none . No , to see who the Steelers are scouting , looking to the Wolfpack offense .
North Carolina State has a pair of skill position guys who are fascinating prospects . Nyheim Hines is a change-of-pace back with blazing track speed and agility . The Wolfpack used them all over the formation and even as a return specialist . At 5-foot-8 and 197 pounds he 's not an every down player but does have some interesting traits that could translate to the NFL game .
The other guy is Jaylen Samuels . At 223 pounds they are the thunder to Hines ' lightning . Something of a hybrid running back/tight end , Samuels is a solid route runner with excellent hands . He 's a bruiser as a runner and can wear down defenses .
Related Projecting the Steelers starting defense two weeks into free agency
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — Chiefs of Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor said Monday their businesses would face increased uncertainties due to growing protectionism .
Samsung Vice Chair Kwon Oh-hyun urged employees in a new year 's speech to reform the company by strengthening quality control as growth slows in its key markets and trade protectionism increases uncertainties in the economy and politics .
Samsung is expected to announce this month the findings of its investigation into the Galaxy Note 7 , JoongAng Ilbo reported , citing an unnamed company official . The flagship smartphone , released in August , caught fire and overheated , prompting two global recalls and its discontinuation last year . Samsung declined to comment on when it would share the findings with public .
Hyundai Motor Chair Chung Mong-koo also warned about the increased uncertainties this year , citing slow growth in the global economy , the spread of protectionism and the increased competition in the auto industry .
They said that South Korea 's largest automotive group aims to sell 8.25 million vehicles this year .
Hyundai Motor and its sister Kia Motors missed their sales target in 2016 , selling 7.88 million cars as consumers flocked to sports utility vehicles rather than sedans , Hyundai 's mainstay , and the popularity of imported vehicles grew in South Korea . Hyundai Motor workers ' strike disrupted local car production , hurting sales .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
SEOUL : The United States and South Korea announced Tuesday that their annual joint military drills will go ahead next month , but the main exercise will be shortened by a month as a diplomatic thaw with North Korea gathers pace .
No aircraft carrier will take part in the large-scale exercises that involve tens of thousands of troops and which are a perennial source of tension between the two Koreas , with Pyongyang condemning them as provocative rehearsals for an invasion of the North .
With talks under way to set up a North-South summit , followed by a proposed face-to-face meet between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un , there was speculation that this year 's drills might be scaled back to avoid derailing the discussions .
A Seoul defence ministry spokesperson Tuesday confirmed the main exercise , expected to resume on April 1 , would be truncated .
“ The Foal Eagle exercises will be held for a month in April due to a delay caused by the Olympics and as each military has its own schedule , ” the spokesperson told AFP .
Last year the drills were conducted for two months through March to April . This year 's exercises had already been delayed to avoid clashing with the Pyeongchang Winter Games in the South last month .
The news came despite official statements Tuesday from both Washington and Seoul that this year 's drills would be “ similar ” in size to previous ones .
“ The UN Command has notified today the North Korean military on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises , ” Seoul 's defence ministry spokesperson told reporters .
The Pentagon added in a statement : “ Our combined exercises are defence-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation . ”
“ Foal Eagle ” is a series of field training exercises with approximately 11,500 US service personnel taking part , together with 290,000 South Korean troops , while “ Key Resolve ” is a tabletop exercise using mainly computer-based simulations .
According to a senior South Korean envoy who made a rare visit to Pyongyang earlier this month , Kim had made it clear they “ understands ” the need for the drills to go ahead .
Such an acknowledgement is in stark contrast to the Kim regime 's denunciations of the exercises in the past . The North has often responded to the drills with its own military actions , and last year fired four ballistic missiles close to Japan .
‘ Low-key ' drills
A spokesperson at the US-South Korea Combined Forces Command ( CFC ) told AFP : “ At this moment , there is no plan to deploy a US aircraft carrier and other strategic weapons ” during Foal Eagle .
“ I think both the South and the US are staging a relatively low-key exercise in a bid not to unnecessarily provoke the North in this mood of rapprochement , ” Kim Yong-hyun , a professor of North Korean studies at Dongguk University .
Kim also noted the North 's relatively quiet posture so far ahead of the drills — unlike in the past when its army and state media issued a storm of angry denunciations before and during the exercises .
“ It 's really important not only to the North but also the US and the South to put the situation under control during the drills , ” they said .
“ I think all sides will try to spend the next few weeks as smoothly and quietly as possible . ”
The US , as South Korea 's security guarantor , has close to 30,000 troops stationed in the South — a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War that ended with an armistice instead of a peace treaty .
Following an extended period of escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula , last month 's Winter Olympics provided the catalyst for a sudden and very rapid rapprochement that resulted in the announcements of the planned summits .
Those announcements were made by the South Koreans , who have been orchestrating the diplomatic preparations and acting as the messenger between Washington and Pyongyang .
Trump 's administration is pushing ahead with plans for a summit before the end of May , but North Korea has yet to independently confirm it even extended an invitation to leadership talks — maintaining a silence that has raised some concerns in Washington and Seoul .
According to the South Korean envoy who met with Kim in Pyongyang , the North Korean leader also offered to consider abandoning their nuclear weapons in exchange for US security guarantees , and flagged a halt to all missile and nuclear tests while dialogue was under way .
Kim Byung-yeon , an expert in North Korea 's economy at Seoul National University , said the ever-growing layer of sanctions on the North was pushing its regime to negotiations .
“ With the economic damage caused by the sanctions growing … the North seems to have come forward for talks to curb potential frustration among its people , ” they said .
“ I think the North will show more sincerity in upcoming negotiations than before. ” —AFP
Washington : President Donald Trump will announce new U.S. responses to Iran ` s missile tests , support for `` terrorism '' and cyber operations as part of their new Iran strategy , the White House said on Friday .
`` The president isn ` t looking at one piece of this . He ` s looking at all of the bad behaviour of Iran , '' Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the White House press secretary , told reporters .
`` Not just the nuclear deal as bad behaviour , but the ballistic missile testing , destabilising of the region , Number One state sponsor of terrorism , cyberattacks , illicit nuclear programme , '' Sanders continued .
Trump `` wants to look for a broad strategy that addresses all of those problems , not just one-offing those , '' they said . `` That ` s what their team is focussed on and that ` s what he ` ll be rolling out to address that as a whole in the coming days . ''
A senior administration official told Reuters on Thursday that Trump was expected to announce they will decertify the landmark international deal curbing Iran ` s nuclear programme , in a step that could cause the accord to unravel .
Trump on Friday declined to explain what they meant when they described a gathering of military leaders the evening before as `` the calm before the storm , '' but the White House said their remarks were not meant to be mischievous .
The administration was considering Oct. 12 for Trump to give a speech on Iran , but no final decision had been made , an official said previously .
It was not clear to what illicit nuclear programme Sanders was referring as the International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran is complying with the 2015 nuclear deal reached with the United States , Russia , China , Britain , France , Germany and the European Union .
The Trump administration also has acknowledged that Iran has not breached the accord ` s Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action , or JCPOA , which is designed to prevent Iran developing a nuclear weapon . The administration , however , contends that Tehran has violated the `` spirit '' of the deal .
The issue came up during a telephone call on Friday between Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron . The pair discussed `` ways to continue working together to deny Iran all paths to a nuclear weapon , '' according to a White House statement .
Macron has been a fierce defender of the JCPOA , denounced by Trump as `` the worst deal ever negotiated . '' But the French leader also has suggested that restraints on Iran ` s nuclear programme that expire in 2025 could be bolstered , a senior French official said last month .
A senior U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said on Friday that steps Trump is reviewing as part of a broader strategy also include imposing targeted sanctions in response to Iran ` s ballistic missile tests , cyber espionage and backing of Lebanese Hezbollah and other groups on the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations .
The administration earlier this year considered , but then put on hold , adding the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , Iran ` s most powerful internal and external security force , to the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations .
The Quds Force , the IRGC ` s foreign espionage and paramilitary wing , and individuals and entities associated with the IRGC are on the list , but the organisation as a whole is not .
Last month , current and former U.S. officials told Reuters the broader strategy Trump is weighing is expected to allow more aggressive U.S. actions to counter what the administration views as Iran ` s efforts to boost its military muscle and expand its regional influence through proxy forces .
Under a 2015 U.S. law , Trump has until Oct. 15 to certify to Congress that Iran is complying with the JCPOA . If they decide to decertify , lawmakers would have 60 days in which to consider reimposing U.S. sanctions on Iran lifted under the deal , an action that many experts warn could unhinge the accord .
Knowledgeable sources , speaking on condition of anonymity , have said the administration is looking for ways to fix what it views as serious flaws without necessarily killing the deal .
Critics say the flaws include the so-called sunset clauses , under which some of the restrictions on Iran 's nuclear programme expire over time .
Trump ` s national security adviser , General H.R . McMaster , met with Republican and Democratic lawmakers on Wednesday in an effort to win their support for the strategy .
By the time Cooper Richards had spun in the air and rifled a behind-the-back past goalie Gene Martin , the point was already loud and clear .
Richards ' shot was almost overkill , underscoring the obvious theme .
“ They can shoot , man , ” said Moorestown boys ' lacrosse coach Baron Walenhurst after their team 's 10-6 loss to Northern Highlands in Wednesday night 's Group 3 state championship at Shore Regional . “ That 's a very good shooting team . ”
The Quakers were far from mistake free on Wednesday , but were ultimately overtaken by a more seasoned , deeper team .
That fact seemed to make it easier for the players and coaches to put the game in perspective afterward .
Most in the state expected this season to be a rebuilding one for Moorestown — many did n't expect the Quakers to make it out of South Jersey .
Walenhurst , after the game , even noted that their team entered this season having to replace more than 280 points on offense from last year 's team that won the state championship .
“ We knew if our heart was in it and we cared about each other , we 'd be fine , even though we were replacing so much , ” said Martin , who proved to be one of the state 's best goalies this season and recorded 6 saves on Wednesday . “ I 'm definitely proud of the way we played this year . ”
After not having a single meaningful possession in the third quarter — and being outscored 4-0 in the period — Moorestown ( 16-6 ) actually mounted an impressive comeback attempt in the fourth .
The Highlanders ( 21-2 ) — led by Lane 's five goals — took a 10-3 lead with 10:41 left in the game .
But , at a time when the game appeared to have slipped through its fingers Moorestown — led by two goals by Trevor Jones — continued to play with energy , scoring three goals over the next five minutes .
The team 's final goal came off a sequence in which Ryan Pozaga bulled over a defender , gained possession of the ball and outran the rest of the defense to the goal .
That final effort was n't enough to win the game , but it was enough to show what got the Quakers there in the first place .
“ It 's always tough to lose , but I 'm really proud of the kids and how hard they fought and how hard they worked , ” Walenhurst said . “ They gave everything they had . I was really happy with them . ”
Moorestown 's ultimate downfall in the game was its inability to contain an offense that was as polished as any they had seen all season . Despite winning most of the game 's faceoffs , the Quakers had trouble keeping possession — which the Highlanders consistently made the Quakers pay for .
“ We have a lot of weapons and a lot of guys we can lean on , ” said Highlanders coach Kyle Ojakian . “ Moorestown did a nice job of knowing what we wanted , but when you take one thing away , there 's another guy ready to step up . ”
Moorestown 1 2 0 3 — 6
Northern Highlands 3 2 4 1 — 10
Goals : M- Trevor Jones 2 , Connor McDonough , Vinny Capraola , Sean Capraola , Ryan Pozaga ; NH- Christian Lane 2 , Cooper Richards 5 , Max Paparozzi , Charles Ratner 2 .
Saves : M- Gene Martin 6 , Jack Avis 1 ; NH- Conor Breen 5 .
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes .
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it , as Yorkshire 's Bairstow knows only too well to their cost .
As if the furore over their ‘ headbutt ' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough , the weekend 's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson 's head gave the collective press , TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week 's third and , possibly , deciding Test in Perth .
Duckett , 23 , has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over their conduct .
But , coming on top of Bairstow 's bizarre ‘ coming together ' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping their eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England 's players do once off the field of play .
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which they have formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons .
“ There 's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we 've been over here , ” said Bairstow , speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA , which starts on Thursday . “ We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia , the cricket is always going to be tough .
“ But that 's what we can control and we need to control more of that . I 'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been . Naturally , it 's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it 's right or wrong , true or false . It is what people have been talking about .
“ But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special . ”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer 's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root 's side .
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in their belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series .
“ As a group , there 's no way we see this series as being over , ” said Bairstow . “ We 've lost two games , but we 've been in both of them for decent periods of time . We just need to do what we 've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we 've come unstuck .
“ So , yes , it is frustrating , but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right . ”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in their faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root .
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy , the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year . Naturally , in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle . their tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia .
For example , some have queried Root 's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss , with some critics suggesting they had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more .
Ultimately , Root 's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat , the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane . But while there may be critics outside the dressing room , Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of their players .
“ I think Joe 's captaincy has been brilliant – there are n't many things that you can fault with what he 's done , ” added Bairstow .
“ He 's still learning as a captain , but if you 're captain of England you 're going to be learning for a while . ”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week , working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme , which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket .
Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth ? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered
Animal Control in the DeSoto area found a 15-foot Burmese python , which got us thinking , where else would exotic animals be found in the Dallas-Fort Worth area ? Turns out , the Human Society of North Texas has everything from pythons to chinchillas to bats . ( Although bats ca n't be adopted . Sorry . )
The Catholic Church in Malawi has pledged to give humanitarian support to victims of natural disasters in the country .
The development follows reports of dry spells and armyworms that have destroyed many hectares of maize which is Malawi 's staple food .
Speaking in Lilongwe during a meeting of Catholic bishops , chairperson of the Episcopal Conference of Malawi ( ECM ) archbishop Thomas Luke Msusa said the Church is to support the needy disaster victims .
Msusa added that the Catholic Church is to be geared on social development in the country as directed by its newly launched five-year strategic plan .
The Catholic bishop also expressed worry over the increased poverty in the country and concern over the political instability in the country ahead of the general elections in 2019 .
Reports reveal that some Malawians are to be food insecure due to prolonged dry spells and armyworms in the current rainy season .
The Malawi leader Peter Mutharika appealed for support from well-wishers both local and international to help fight the pests .
Posted 6 hours ago
Andrew Kipng'etich Koech , a 39-year-old man from Bomet County is the 8th millionaire courtesy LOTTO in Kenya , courtesy of Lotto after bagging 10 million
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Supermarket giant Tesco is recalling a batch of its cooking sauce because it contains egg .
The Creamy Leek and Bacon Cooking Sauce , with the best before date of July 2018 , contains egg which is not mentioned on the label .
The recall notice was sent out by the Food Standards Agency on Monday evening ( August 14 ) .
It stated that the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg .
The 470g jar of cooking sauce has a batch code of 7031 . No other Tesco products are thought to be affected .
A spokesperson for the Food Standards Agency said : “ This product contains egg making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg .
“ If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to egg , do not eat it . Instead return it to a Tesco store for a full refund .
“ Tesco is recalling the above product from customers and will be contacting the relevant allergy support organisations to tell their members about the recall .
“ The company has also displayed a point-of-sale notice in its stores . These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought it . ”
Alphabet 's Google wants to take a cut of each purchase of Target , Walmart , and Costco products listed on Google Search , Google Express and Google Assistant . Aleksandra Michalska reports .
Researchers have overcome a massive hurdle in beaming power wirelessly into a moving object .
The advance in technology could have applications in improving the driving range of electric vehicles while they motor down the highway , as well as making robots used in manufacturing more mobile .
Scientists from Stanford University built on previous research by MIT to transmit enough power over a metre ( several feet ) to make a tiny LED glow as it moved .
While the research has a long way to go before it can power even a small car , the experiment demonstrates it 's at least possible to transfer power to a moving object , overcoming a practical hurdle on our way to recharging electric cars on the fly .
Transferring electricity over a long distance dates back to the dawn of electrical power itself .
In fact , it was a life-long dream of the famous 19th century inventor Nikola Tesla , who experimented with boosting voltage using capacitors and eventually produce what we call Tesla coils .
This high voltage generation of electricity could effectively cause electricity to flow through a conductor a short distance away through a process called inductive coupling .
In simple terms , induction describes how a moving magnetic field can produce an electric current in a conductor .
Since an electric current produces a magnetic field of its own , a change in a conductor 's current can produce a voltage in a conductive material that is n't physically connected to it , all through changes in its electromagnetic field .
This way , it 's theoretically possible to send power between two circuits without needing to plug them together with wires .
Tesla never got to see their wireless world , unfortunately , but he 'd be happy to know we can now charge our electric toothbrushes by placing them on little plastic stands .
We 've seen progress over recent years in the distance power can be transmitted , with even the entertainment giant Disney recently investigating the possibility of having an entire room that can charge devices within it .
In this particular case , the researchers started with technology developed by engineers from MIT a decade ago , who managed to transmit around 60 watts of power with around 40 percent efficiency to a stationary object over 2 metres away .
The problem is the frequency of the moving magnetic field is what causes the current to flow , and if an object is moving or is at the wrong angle , it wo n't create the highest current .
This can be overcome if the circuit is `` tuned '' as it moves – a complex process that itself would require powering .
To solve this problem , the researchers used a simpler system of a voltage amplifier and a feedback resistor that automatically adjusted the voltage based on the response it gets from the receiving circuit .
`` Adding the amplifier and resistor allows power to be very efficiently transferred across most of the three-foot ( 1 metre ) range and despite the changing orientation of the receiving coil , '' said lead researcher Sid Assawaworrarit .
`` This eliminates the need for automatic and continuous tuning of any aspect of the circuits . ''
Without using any form of tuning or feedback mechanisms , a moving LED would drop in brightness as moved away .
In the experiment using an amplifier and feedback resistor , the light remained consistent for the entire short distance , which would be good news if we ever wanted to efficiently power electric cars wirelessly as they moved past a recharging station .
Watch the researchers explain in more detail below .
The upcoming Tesla Model 3 is expected to have a range of about 345 kilometres ( about 215 miles ) per charge , while the Chevrolet Bolt can manage a little further at 383 kilometres ( 238 miles ) .
These distances are comparable to a lot of small cars , and no doubt will continue to improve , but for the foreseeable future recharging electric cars wo n't be a quick five minute stop at the service station , as we have with most petrol-based vehicles .
Anything to increase the range , such as a bit of a top-up on a solar-powered section of highway , will help avoid long delays in repowering .
If all of that still sounds too much like a science fiction fantasy , there are plenty of other applications for mobile wireless charging .
`` We can rethink how to deliver electricity not only to our cars , but to smaller devices on or in our bodies , '' said researcher Shanhui Fan .
`` For anything that could benefit from dynamic , wireless charging , this is potentially very important . ''
This includes powering robots around a factory floor , or your phone as you walk through a room .
The researchers believe it will be possible to boost the amount of power received by the moving circuit , especially since they used off-the-shelf equipment with a relatively low efficiency of around 10 percent .
Tesla would certainly be pleased .
This research was published in Nature .
( TRIBUNE ) DALLAS -- Less than two weeks after 10 people were killed in a southeast Texas school shooting , Gov . Greg Abbott laid out a 40-page , 40-strategy plan for preventing future school shootings , and left the door open to calling lawmakers back to Austin to pass some of those priorities .
`` If there is consensus on some laws that could be passed , I am open to calling [ a special session ] , '' Abbott said .
A special session would be a dramatic move during an election year in which he , all top state officials and a majority of lawmakers are seeking new terms . It 's even more rare given how emotionally charged — and politically divisive — issues of school safety and gun control are .
Some lawmakers have demanded that Abbott , who has the sole authority to call and set agendas for special sessions , take such action . Most Texans responding to a poll taken before the Santa Fe shooting said they support stricter gun control laws .
Much of the plan Abbott laid out Wednesday would require approval from the Texas Legislature , which will not reconvene until January 2019 unless Abbott intervenes .
Abbott 's announcement , made at the Dallas school district 's headquarters Wednesday , came one day after Santa Fe students returned to class for the first time following the deadly shootings . Thirteen people were also injured in the attack .
At the heart of the governor 's proposal is an expansion of the existing School Marshal Program , one of two existing systems for arming school personnel . More than 170 school districts of the 1,000-plus in Texas already have some type of system for arming educators and other staff . Santa Fe ISD , in fact , had already approved the plan , but had not yet implemented it .
Abbott said they would not propose requiring schools to join that program , but that the state should pay for the training associated with it .
“ When an active shooter situation arises , the difference between life and death can be a matter of seconds , ” Abbott said . “ Trained security personnel can make all the difference . ”
Abbott also raised narrow , gun-related proposals , including the tightening of Texas ' safe gun storage and laws .
Suspected shooter Dimitrios Pagourtzis , a 17-year-old junior at the high school , has been in custody in Galveston County since the attack at Santa Fe High School . Authorities say they used their father 's guns .
Current Texas law holds parents accountable when their minor children — under the age of 17 — access their loaded weapons . Because Pagourtzis was 17 , their family wo n't be liable under that law , though they are being sued under other , more general liability statutes . Abbott proposed raising that age to include 17-year-olds , a measure that would bring Texas in line with dozens of other states that have stricter child-access prevention laws .
Abbott also proposed expanding a mental health screening program already operated through Texas Tech University . They said they hope to `` eventually '' make that program — currently operational in 10 school districts — a statewide system , and said they recommend Texas fund it with $ 20 million .
The Telemedicine Wellness , Intervention , Triage , and Referral Project at the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center , which aims to identify junior high and high school students at risk of committing school violence and intervene before tragedy occurs , has already had 25 students removed from school , 44 placed in alternative schools and 38 sent to a hospital . Abbott had praised that program just hours after the shooting , tweeting that “ we want to use it across the state . ”
Go here to see more from the Texas Tribune .
© 2018 WFAA
Gettin # Inspired in honor of # Pride ! ! ! ! Love MORE ! No such thang as toooo much ! Never enough ! Keeeeep spreading LIGHT ! Create a rainbow ! HOPE always wins ! 💙❤️💛💚💜 @ happyhippiefdn # HappyHippies # HopefulHippies
A post shared by Miley Cyrus ( @ mileycyrus ) on Jun 6 , 2017 at 4:29pm PDT
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Almost 5000 woodland creatures from all over the state of New Jersey are aided by the efforts of the folks at Woodford Cedar Run Wildlife Refuge .
Ankara : Turkish Police have detained at least eight people in connection with the deadly Islamic State terror attack at nightclub on New Year 's Eve in which 39 people were killed , including two Indians , a media report said on Monday .
According to the Associated Press , the suspected gunman involved in the attack is not among those detained by the Turkish Police .
In a statement circulated on social media , the jihadist group said one of the `` soldiers of the caliphate '' had carried out the attack on the Reina nightclub .
At least 600 revellers were celebrating in the New Year at Istanbul 's Reina nightclub when a gunman began firing indiscriminately .
A massive manhunt is currently underway to nab the gunman .
`` We hope the attacker will be captured soon , '' Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said .
The identities of 35 victims killed in the attack have been confirmed - 24 have been identified as foreign citizens , while 11 were reported to be Turkish citizens , Hurriyet Daily News reported .
The foreign victims were identified as seven Saudi Arabian nationals , two Indians , one Canadian , one Syrian , one Israeli , two Tunisians , four Iraqis , one Lebanese and one Belgian .
As the search continued , the first funerals were held on Sunday .
Istanbul was already on high alert with some 17,000 police officers on duty in the city , following a string of terror attacks in recent months .
With agency inputs
Bengaluru : Impressed with Deepak Chahar 's consistent progress , Chennai coach Stephen Fleming on Tuesday said what makes the pacer special is their ability to swing the ball at a good pace .
`` He has been developing over the last two years . They had a very good domestic season . Their skill set was something we were very impressed with since the first day . They are actually a handy batsman as well . We think they are a fine cricketer , '' Fleming told reporters on the eve of match against Bangalore .
`` The fact that they swing the ball is important . Lots of trends in the game , obviously wrist spinners and swinging the ball are very effective at the moment . And they do that and they do it at good pace too . At the moment he 's around 140 kph , 143 tops . He 's gone really well . They have got to find and maintain consistency and that will come with experience , '' they said .
Chahar shot to the limelight at the age of 18 when they bagged 8 for 10 on Ranji Trophy debut to skittle out Hyderabad for 21 . They ended up the season with 30 wickets , which compelled Rajasthan to sign him .
However , a spate of injuries and illness saw them fade away .
Chahar also was the top wicket-taker in 20-overs Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy with 19 wickets in Rajasthan 's maiden run to the final .
Replying to a query , Fleming said the contest between Virat Kohli and Mahendra Singh Dhoni as captains makes for a great game .
On Wednesday 's game , Fleming said they are enjoying a good run but RCB is a tough side to beat , with great batting and good bowling line-up .
`` We know we have to play very well to put any pressure in the top order and they have also got good bowlers . Umesh Yadav has been excellent with the new ball . Chahal - So , there are a lot of good contests at hands , '' they said .
On having both Harbhajan Singh and Karn Sharma in a team , Fleming said the team decided on the combination looking at the potential of the rival teams .
`` It is all about getting the balance right . Karan took Tahir 's place because they suffered an injury . Harbhajan Singh is good at bowling to left-handers . So , we picked them at Chennai where the ball turns and bounces . We pick team looking at the potential of rival teams . They could all play , maybe some day , '' they said .
Replying to a query , Fleming said it is great to watch old players like Chris Gayle , Shane Watson and Dwayne Bravo , doing well , but it is also exciting to watch some young players coming through .
`` From what I have seen over the years is that experienced and professional players dominate a big part of IPL . Chris Gayle has made a comeback and is playing really well . Obviously , Shane Watson , Dwayne Bravo - these guys play a lot of cricket , but it is exciting watching young players , '' they said .
`` Old players can provide consistency , provided they remain motivated , fit and committed , which can help their teams to make headway in the tournament .
`` I am not here to develop young players , but try and win the competition for the franchise , '' they said .
RCB 's AB de Villiers played down the bowling concerns of theirs side .
`` At the end of the day what it comes down to is the kind of wickets . I guess we made a much better bowling performance in the last game than what we had started out with . Our bowlers have committed a few small mistakes of bowling a couple of no balls and wides , but would like to rectify them in next game , '' they said .
On playing three games at home , de Villiers said the team would try to win them all .
`` They say that if you make your home ground your fortress in the season you normally tend to win . We know it is important to do well at home . We have already had a bad last year , but we had a couple of good wins as well , '' they said .
`` So , over the next few games that we will play here , we will keep doing that . It is important for us to make sure that if we get to maintain that at home , sometimes you surprise yourself in the run , '' they added .
On RCB 's trophy drought , de Villiers said , `` I was not here for the first three years . I do n't know what they were doing then . For the last three seasons we 've been trying our best . Even in this season we 've got a few new faces . So hopefully we have got that special one to win this season . ''
SANTA ANA , Calif. ( AP ) — California is aiming to quash the growth of immigration detention in the state under a proposed budget measure to push back against the Trump administration 's plans to boost deportations .
The state 's $ 125 billion budget — which is set to be approved Thursday — has a related measure to prevent local governments from signing contracts with federal authorities for immigration detention facilities or expanding existing contracts . It would also have the state attorney general review conditions at immigration detention facilities in California .
“ I think we send a very clear message in this budget that California is going in the opposite direction of Trump 's administration , ” said Sen. Ricardo Lara , a Democrat .
The budget was negotiated by Gov . Jerry Brown and Democratic legislative leaders . A message was left for the state Senate 's Republican caucus .
Advertisement
Immigration and Customs Enforcement declined to comment on pending legislation .
The proposal is the latest in a series of moves by California lawmakers aimed at protecting immigrants in the country illegally from President Donald Trump 's efforts to ramp up immigration enforcement .
State lawmakers are also weighing proposals to provide lawyers for immigrants in deportation proceedings and limit communication between local police and federal immigration agents .
Thomas Homan , ICE 's acting director , told U.S. lawmakers earlier this week that more detention space is needed to carry out additional deportations . The Trump administration expects next year to house about 51,000 immigrant detainees on a given day , up from nearly 40,000 , they said .
Currently , there are nine immigration detention facilities in California . All but one — the Otay Mesa Detention Center near the U.S.-Mexico border — contract through local government agencies to house about 3,800 people , according to ICE .
Many detainees in California are legally required to be held while their cases churn through immigration court , said Virginia Kice , an ICE spokesperson .
Immigration authorities are not required to house detainees where they live and have been known to transfer immigrants across state lines when bed space is tight .
In recent years , immigrant advocates raised concerns about conditions in detention facilities , including one in Orange County where an internal government watchdog cited reports of spoiled food and moldy showers .
While California is looking to push back against immigration detention , some debt-strapped counties in Texas are hoping to refill empty jails with immigrant detainees .
Immigrant advocates in California said they hoped the measure might inspire other states to follow suit .
“ While California ca n't end immigration detention on its own , California can lead , ” said Christina Fialho , executive director of Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement .
___
Associated Press writer Jonathan J. Cooper in Sacramento contributed to this report .
THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) - Dutch police say four people have been killed in a collision between a minibus and a truck in the southern town of Helmond .
Police in the East Branbant region say in a tweet that four people travelling in the minibus were killed in the accident Monday in the town 125 kilometers ( 78 miles ) southeast of Amsterdam . The driver of the truck was seriously injured .
The cause of the accident and further details were not immediately available .
BEIJING ( AP ) — Most Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after U.S. benchmarks hit new highs and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month .
KEEPING SCORE : Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent to 19,437.98 and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng jumped 1.1 percent to 24,961.29 . Sydney 's S & P-ASX 200 gained 0.9 percent to 5,809.10 . Seoul 's Kospi added 0.5 percent to 2,083.86 . The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.2 percent to 3,208.31 . Benchmarks in New Zealand and Taiwan rose , while Southeast Asian markets declined .
WALL STREET : U.S. stock indexes hit new highs , boosted by bank stocks on hopes of bigger profits ahead . General Motors jumped 4.8 percent following news that France 's PSA Group , maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars , is exploring a deal to buy Opel , GM 's money-losing European business . Cynosure , which makes devices used in laser body contouring , hair removal and skin care , soared after agreeing to be bought by medical device maker Hologic for $ 1.57 billion . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 0.4 percent to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to 20,504.41 . The Nasdaq composite rose 0.3 percent to 5,782.57 .
FED WATCH : Yellen told a Senate committee the central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month . Bond yields jumped and fed through to shares of banks , which can benefit from higher rates by charging more for loans . Yellen said little to alter most investors ' expectations . The Fed raised interest rates in December for just the second time in a decade , and Yellen said the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued , gradual increases .
Advertisement
ANALYST 'S TAKE : Yellen 's comments were “ the main catalyst for overnight markets , evidently surprising on the hawkish side , ” said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report . “ While the market had expected a strong rhetoric on improving economic conditions , the push to hasten the next rate hike had been unexpected. ” Based on history , markets put the likelihood of a policy change out of the Fed 's March meeting at 34 percent , Pan said , “ but that had not stopped the U.S. dollar and equity markets from ticking up . ”
CHINA INFLATION : Chinese consumer and wholesale inflation ticked higher , fueling concern the central bank might hike rates or tighten access to credit . Analysts said they saw no sign the People 's Bank of China would change course but money market rates should be elevated this year . Policymakers have indicated a “ tightening bias ” for policy since late last year but December and January data on credit “ clearly show that there has been no meaningful monetary and credit tightening at the macro level , ” said UBS economists in a report .
CURRENCY : The dollar gained to 114.38 yen from Tuesday 's 114.31 yen . The euro edged up to $ 1.0577 from $ 1.0571 .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude sank 35 cents to $ 52.85 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . The contract gained 27 cents on Tuesday to $ 53.20 . Brent crude , used to price international oils , lost 27 cents to $ 55.70 in London . It advanced 38 cents the previous session to $ 55.97 .
ISTANBUL ( AP ) — The waters around Istanbul have turned a striking shade of turquoise .
A natural phenomenon called a “ phytoplankton bloom ” has turned the normally dark waters of the Bosporus and Golden Horn into an opaque tone of light blue . It 's caused by microscopic organisms that have inundated the Black Sea , just north of Turkey 's largest city .
Berat Haznedaroglu , an environmental engineer , says it 's a normal annual event .
They said : “ This year we got a lot of rain events that carried nutrients from the Saharan desert to the Black Sea , which created an optimal environment for this phytoplankton to bloom. ” Haznedaroglu works at the Institute of Environmental Sciences at Istanbul 's private Bogazici University .
The Bosporus , a strait that separates Europe from Asia , also connects the Black Sea to the Sea of Marmara .
Future Market Insights has rolled out a new market research report titled “ Industrial Hose Assemblies Market : Global Industry Analysis 2013-2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018-2028 ” examining the Industrial Hose Assemblies market and offers critical insights for the next 10 years . Based on the findings specified in the report , the market is expected to witness increasing demand on the backdrop of growing hose requirement in several end use industries involving fluid transferring and handling systems . The estimated value of the global Industrial Hose Assemblies market in 2018 is US $ 19,973.7 Mn and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.5 % to reach US $ 37,556.7 Mn by the end of 2028 .
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market : Dynamics
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies market is driven by increasing construction , mining , agricultural and several other industrial activities that have led to improved demand for fluid transfer and handling equipment . One of the highlights of using Industrial Hose Assemblies in such applications is their capability to deliver or transfer the material with higher efficiency indirectly providing cost-effective solutions . This makes it the ideal transmission system for industrial equipment , automotive and off road vehicles including construction vehicles , mining equipment and material handling equipment . Additionally , Industrial Hose Assemblies are more versatile than simple tubes and piping mechanisms as they provide better results in extreme environmental conditions . Industrial Hose Assemblies are also preferred by various end users owing to several advantages such as higher resistance towards temperature , pressure and chemical reaction among others further benefitting the growth of the market in the coming years .
However , there are some disadvantages associated with using Industrial Hose Assemblies that can hinder the growth of the market in the near future . Some of the factors include high dependency on various industrial activities , intense competition and distributed customer presence in various countries .
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market : Forecast
By material , the rubber segment is expected to hold the largest market share owing to higher end use applications and higher efficiency for transferring fluid in medium pressure and high pressure applications . The rubber segment is expected to dominate the global market capturing a market share of 60.9 % by 2018 end . Additionally , the segment is expected to grow with a higher CAGR and is forecasted to hold a market share of about 63.8 % by 2028 end .
On the basis of product type , the medium pressure segment holds a dominating position in the global industrial hose assemblies market owing to wide range of applications of medium range pressure hoses in several industries . In terms of value , the market size for the medium pressure segment is estimated to be pegged at US $ 10,424.9 Mn by end of 2018 . Growing with a healthy CAGR of 7.0 % , the market for the medium pressure segment is estimated to reach US $ 20,528.7 Mn by the end of the forecast period .
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3751
On the basis of end user , the food and beverage segment is expected to dominate the market with a market share of 18.5 % by the end of 2018 and is projected to hold the same throughout the forecast period owing to improved demand from food and beverage industries and increasing automation requirements . However , it is the general manufacturing segment that is expected to grow with a higher CAGR than the other segments owing to higher demand for material handling and transferring equipment .
From a regional perspective , North America is expected to lead with a market value share of 23.5 % by 2018 end ; however , China is expected to surpass North America and dominate the market by the end of the forecast period . However , other regional markets are coming up to gain market share similar to North America including Western Europe and South East Asia and Pacific owing to higher growth witnessed in the demand and manufacture of various end use equipment such as agricultural , mining and construction equipment . If we look at the North American market , both U.S. and Canada are expected to play an important role in the growth of the overall market due to their positioning as renowned off road vehicle manufacturer regions . The markets in Latin America , Middle East & Africa and Eastern Europe hold similar but considerably smaller market share in value terms due to the fact that production of end use equipment is quite limited in these regions ; however , the market share in Eastern Europe may expect to improve owing to improving agricultural equipment manufacturing in Russia .
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market : Competitive Landscape
Some of the key players involved in the manufacture of Industrial Hose Assemblies that have been included in the study are Eaton Corp. PLC , Parker Hannifin Corp. , Gates Corporation , Continental AG , Trelleborg AB , Semperit AG Holding , Polyhose India Pvt . Ltd. , Campbell Fittings , Inc. etc . Key market players are focussing on product innovation and differentiation with unique capabilities to strengthen their market positioning across the globe .
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-3751
The countdown to Peterhead 's brand new £1million lodge has begun with the final touches being put to the Harbour Spring .
Set to open on Monday , October 9 , the lodge will be an addition to the Harbour Spring pub , and it will be situated on the same grounds .
The 38 room lodge will offer everything from large family rooms , cosy twin rooms , fully functioning disability access rooms and two additional meeting rooms .
This modern and comfortable accommodation is located off the A90 on the Buchan Way , a convenient location with direct access to major roads and is perfect break for business and leisure travelers who want to spend a few days in the local area , just a short drive to the town 's centre .
After a comfortable night 's sleep , you can then get yourself ready for the day ahead with a hearty breakfast at the Harbour Spring ; offering a delicious range of full English and veggie breakfasts , American style pancakes and a range of freshly baked pastries .
The lodge 's completion is near and the team ca n't wait to welcome customers .
“ There 's only a week to go until we open and we are delighted to have our team onboard . We ca n't wait to show off our brand-new lodge to our customers ! ” said , Keith Shearer .
The Harbour Spring , is part of an ongoing new build programme from Marston 's Inns and Taverns to provide quality pubs and lodges throughout the UK .
Srinagar : Two Kashmiri students , on the way back to campus after offering Friday evening prayers , were allegedly assaulted by a mob in Haryana 's Mahenderhgarh .
“ Me and my friend had gone to the mosque to offer namaz yesterday . After we came out of the mosque , we noticed some people following us . Just as we were leaving on my motorbike , a group of 15-20 people started to beat us , ” said Aftab , one of the victims .
Both the victims are students in the Central University of Haryana .
“ No one came forward to help us . Soon after police arrived at the spot . We went to the hospital for checkup and returned to university campus . We told faculty about incident and lodged a complaint with University , ” added Aftab .
The other victim tweeted :
Sir v the student of Central University of haryana and today we are gone for the jumma nimaz out side the campus n some of the people are starting thrashing us @ OmarAbdullah @ listenshahid @ chzulfkarali @ MehboobaMufti @ HMOIndia @ narendramodi @ jkedumin @ spvaid @ JmuKmrPolice pic.twitter.com/RfNYByfxeC — javid iqbal jagal ( @ iam_javid ) February 2 , 2018
The victims were later taken to the local hospital .
Demanding an immediate probe into the incident , Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti urged Haryana government to take strict action against the perpetrators .
The victims were beaten up while returning to the campus after offering congregational Friday prayers in Mahendragarh town .
`` Shocked and disturbed to hear reports of Kashmiri students being assaulted in Mahendargarh , Haryana , '' tweeted later Mehbooba .
Tagging Prime Minister Narendra Modi , former J & K chief minister Omar Abdullah tweeted , “ This is terrible & goes against the spirit of what @ PMOIndia @ narendramodi ji said from the ramparts of the Red Fort . I hope the authorities in Haryana act quickly against this violence . ”
The Haryana Police has registered a case .
“ With regard to physical assault on some students of J & K in Haryana 's Mahenderhgarh , Haryana Police has taken cognizance . FIR u/s 148/149/341/323 IPC has been lodged in Mahenderhgarh police station . One of our officers is in touch with the boys as well : Jammu and Kashmir Police , ” tweeted news agency ANI .
Jammu and Kashmir Director General of Police Shesh Paul Vaid also tweeted , `` In touch with DGP Haryana . Police is taking cognisance of the incident . ''
With agency inputs
San Francisco : In an attempt to make sharing images more efficient on WhatsApp , the micro-blogging platform is reportedly rolling out `` Predicted Upload '' feature for its over 2 billion users .
According to WABetaInfo , a fan site that tests new WhatsApp features early , the messaging app was secretly developing , for a long time , a new feature for sharing images easily .
`` iOS users need to update WhatsApp version to the 2.18.61 iOS update , in order to benefit from all the advantages of the Predicted Upload feature , '' said WABetaInfo in a blog post on Wednesday .
WhatsApp is now able to predict when a photograph is going to be sent in a chat . In fact , the purpose of this feature is to upload in advance a photo to the server , said the report .
`` About Android , WhatsApp is slowly enabling the feature for a few users only since the 2.18.156 stable version and it will need a lot of time .. but the feature does n't seem to work yet , although it is correctly enabled for some luckly users , '' the website added .
The messaging platform redirects users in the Edit Photo section , while it already sends in background the image to the server .
The DTE Energy Foundation 's support in 2017 helped nonprofits across the state drive signifi-cant outcomes in areas ranging from human service needs to economic progress , the environ-ment , education and employment as well as arts and culture . The Foundation awarded 600 grants and increased its giving by 20 percent to $ 18.1 million to make deeper impacts in critical areas . As a result , the Foundation awarded its largest environmental grant to-date and , through event sponsorships , helped to add more than $ 50 million to local economies . Founda-tion support grew most significantly for programs engaged in education and employment , in-creasing by more than 40 percent over 2016 .
“ 2017 was an incredibly impactful year in terms of Foundation funding for education and em-ployment , particularly for young people , ” said Lynette Dowler , DTE Energy Foundation presi-dent . “ Our funding created 650 student summer jobs statewide and helped to reinvigorate the skilled trades program at Detroit 's Randolph Career and Technical Center – tripling enroll-ment from 100 students to more than 300 students for the current school year . These are real-world programs helping ensure our young people have the experience and skills needed for jobs currently in demand . ”
More specifically , the Foundation provided essential support for workforce development and hands-on educational opportunities for nearly 1,000 Detroit youth and adults . The Foundation partnered with Detroit Employment Solutions Corporation , the Henry Ford College Foundation and Greening of Detroit to leverage their expertise and resources to help build Detroit 's talent pool and match individuals to potential career pathways and job opportunities . This work will directly impact the city 's mission to employ 40,000 Detroiters in the next five years .
Other Foundation funding highlights include :
” Largest-ever environmental grant to The Nature Conservancy for a multi-year , compre-hensive program to protect Great Lakes shoreline areas , as well as to address storm water runoff into the Detroit River .
” Supported premier cultural events across the state , including ArtPrize in Grand Rapids to America 's Thanksgiving Day Parade in Detroit and Traverse City 's National Cherry Festival , which helped to generate an economic impact of more than $ 50 million .
” Outreach efforts by several cultural institutions into the community . In partnership with The Michigan Science Center , the Foundation funded fieldtrips and enrichment activities for every public school in Detroit . Additionally , by 2019 , more than 7,000 students in De-troit , Trenton , Ecorse , and River Rouge schools will participate in hands-on , educational experiences through Foundation funding to the Cranbrook Institute of Science .
” For music lovers , the Foundation supported Detroit Symphony Orchestra performances in communities throughout metro Detroit .
” Helped launch fundraising efforts for a new Kids Food Basket facility with a $ 100,000 gift matching grant .
” The Foundation also supported 165 smaller events through its Community Giving Pro-gram pilot launched in 2017 . From Ecorse to Escanaba , the Foundation funded organiza-tions hosting festivals and celebrations that brought communities together and sparked local economic activity .
” Event programming support for Beacon Park , Detroit 's newest public space , which de-buted in July 2017 . These events drew nearly 250,000 people to west central downtown over six months and are expected to help catalyze growth in the area .
” Hurricane Relief efforts through its emergency relief fund that provided matching dol-lars for DTE Energy employee contributions resulting in a $ 175,000 donation to the American Red Cross , Direct Relief and World Central Kitchen .
” Supported Autism Alliance for Michigan , SER Metro , After 26 Project , Reading Works ' and additional organizations focused on assisting and employing adults with disabili-ties , as well as military veterans and returning citizens .
“ As one of the state 's largest foundations with a Michigan-focused giving strategy , the DTE En-ergy Foundation plays a critical role with our nonprofit partners in making Michigan a better place to live , work and play , ” said Dowler .
Last week , we came across a report suggesting that HMD Global might be prepping to launch the second generation Nokia 6 in the next year . The information that came from China also tipped the model numbers of the Nokia 6 ( 2018 ) .
From the same , we got to know that the Nokia TA-1054 that was leaked in the past is not the Nokia 9 but a variant of the Nokia 6 ( 2018 ) . Now , the device appears to have passed the TENAA certification in China . According to a report by NokiaPowerUser , the certification database does not show the images or the detailed specifications but reveals that it will be a dual SIM variant of the smartphone .
Going by the earlier leaks , the Nokia 6 ( 2018 ) will boast a similar design language as the Nokia 7 . It will feature reduced bezels and ditch the hardware touch buttons for the on-screen keys . One of the leaks also suggests that there will be a dual camera setup at the rear and an 18:9 aspect ratio . For now , there is no confirmation if the upcoming Nokia 6 might feature the Dual Sight or Bothie feature that was seen on the Nokia 8 .
When it comes to the expected specifications , there are speculations that the Nokia 6 ( 2018 ) might feature a 5.5-inch display with 18:9 aspect ratio . Under its hood , the device is believed to make use of a Snapdragon 630 SoC paired with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage capacity . With a full-screen design , it is clear that there will be a fingerprint sensor at the rear of the smartphone .
From the previous reports , the Nokia 6 ( 2018 ) is expected to be launched alongside the Nokia 9 in January next year . In addition to the TA-1054 seen above , the device is believed to be launched in other storage configurations too based on the market . The device is likely to feature a sturdy and durable build too . For more details regarding the second generation Nokia 6 , let 's await more details to hit the web .
Guess who the mystery person using the 3 clues . Include in your comments how the clues relate to the mystery person
Do n't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience ! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil . ( You 'll be giving us a present too ! )
Beijing : India 's exports to China , which have been showing signs of revival this year after years of slump , registered a 40.69 percent rise year-on-year to reach USD 10.60 billion in the first seven months of 2017 .
Fired by exports of zinc , iron ore and steel , total Indian exports to China registered a 38.6 percent increase year-on-year in August this year totalling to USD 1.26 billion , the sharpest increase this year .
However , the trade deficit expanded to USD 44.51 billion in the first seven months despite surge in Indian exports as imports from China continue to increase .
The India-China bilateral trade increased 18.34 percent year-on-year to reach USD 55.11 billion from January to August this year , according to official data accessed by PTI here .
India 's exports to China increased by 40.69 percent year-on-year to reach USD 10.60 billion during the seven months .
India 's imports from China saw a year-on-year growth of 14.02 percent to reach USD 44.50 billion .
The cause for surge of Indian exports to China was a result of exponential increase of 353.99 percent of exports of zinc and related items , 248.19 percent of iron and steel and 100.7 percent increase in ores and slag and 151.17 percent rise in copper .
India was the second largest exporter of diamonds to China totalling to USD 1.63 billion with a market share of 32.97 percent after South Africa .
India was the second largest exporter of salt , sulphur , earths and stone , plastering materials , lime , and cement to China totalling to USD 692 million with 17.39 percent market share after Turkey .
India 's cotton exports , including yarn and woven fabric , to China showed a growth of 6.77 percent to reach USD 844 million .
The country was the third largest exporter of cotton to China after Vietnam and the US accounting for 15.05 percent share in the Chinese market .
India-China bilateral trade increased by 14.93 percent year-on-year in August to reach USD 7.51 billion .
Despite the increase in Indian exports to China , Indian business and trade circles associated with bilateral trade however advise caution as it is mostly led by iron ore and steel exports which started declining in 2013 due to a domestic crackdown on mines as well as China scaling down its steel production due to the global economic crisis .
The trade deficit began expanding ever since iron ore exports , the mainstay of Indian exports started declining .
Last year , the trade deficit climbed to USD 52 billion .
India has been pressing China to open up its pharmaceutical and IT software sectors to expand the base of Indian exports .
So far , there has been no major breakthrough in both areas , despite promises by China .
CRESSONA — Swimming is delayed in the borough because it has been too wet .
The Cressona borough public swimming pool 's 2018 opening has been postponed until June 9 .
According to Mark Palerino , recreation director for Blue Mountain Recreation Commission , the major factors for the delay were the weather and a sandblasting project requested by the Cressona Borough Council . Both of those “ really just got us caught behind , ” Palerino said , adding the spring was so wet the crew could n't get ahead at any time in the preparation process .
Pool preparation , which includes pressure washing , typically begins the second week of April and allows for two weeks to warm up the water before usage . Painting was finished Friday . There wo n't be a warm-up period this year . It was about two weeks ago that Palerino knew opening on time was n't possible . The pool will remain open through Aug. 26 . Operation hours are 12:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. Monday to Saturday and 1 to 7 p.m. Sunday . Palerino said the postponed opening allows an extra week for people to purchase pool passes . Pool pass holders are eligible for extended hours on Tuesday and Thursday evenings from 7 to 8:30 p.m .
Prices for daily visits are $ 4.50 for resident adults ; $ 5.50 for nonresident adults ; $ 4 for resident children ; and $ 5 for nonresident children . Children 2 and under are free regardless of residency . Those attending later in the afternoon from 5 to 7 p.m. will pay $ 2.25 for residents and $ 2.50 for non-residents . Information on season pool pass memberships or pool parties can be obtained by calling 570-366-1190 or 570-516-8885 .
Contact the writer : dbarr @ republicanherald.com ; 570-628-6011
New Delhi : Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman will be visiting Sikkim-Bhutan-Tibet tri-junction and interact with the troops stationed at the forward areas on Saturday .
Sitharaman will be accompanied by Army Vice Chief Lt General Sarath Chand .
Both the Asian giants continue to maintain significant troops present at the crucial junction .
Sitharaman 's visit comes a day after China on Friday defended the presence of its troops in the Doklam area , over a month after the standoff with India ended , saying its soldiers are patrolling the region , also claimed by Bhutan , to exercise Beijing 's sovereignty .
The 73-day Doklam which began on June 16 over Peoples ' Liberation Army plans to build a road in area claimed by Bhutan , ended on August 28 following mutual agreement between India and China .
The External Affairs Ministry said on Friday there are no new developments at the India-China military face-off site in Doklam and its vicinity since the August 28 disengagement .
`` We have seen recent press reports on Doklam . There are no new developments at the face-off site and its vicinity since the 28th August disengagement . The status quo prevails in this area . Any suggestion to the contrary is incorrect , ” the MEA said in a statement .
Sitharaman and Lt General Sarath Chand will visit Tezpur in Assam during the two-day visit beginning Saturday . Sitharaman was earlier scheduled to visit Arunachal Pradesh , too , but it was cancelled later , a source said .
- WWE posted this video looking at the full roster for the upcoming WWE 2K18 video game , including DLC additions .
- WWE announced the following :
STAMFORD , Conn. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- WWE ( NYSE : WWE ) announced that it will report its third quarter 2017 results on Thursday , October 26 , 2017 , before the opening of the market . The Company 's Chairman & CEO , Vincent K. McMahon , Chief Strategy & Financial Officer , George A. Barrios , and Chief Revenue & Marketing Officer , Michelle D. Wilson , will host a conference call beginning at 11:00 a.m . ET to discuss the results .
All interested parties are welcome to listen to a live webcast that will be hosted through the Company 's web site at corporate.wwe.com/investors . Participants can access the conference call by dialing 855-200-4993 ( toll free ) or 323-794-2092 from outside the U.S. ( conference ID for both lines : 7288682 ) . Please reserve a line approximately 10 minutes prior to the start time of the conference call .
The earnings presentation referenced during the call will be made available on October 26 , 2017 at corporate.wwe.com/investors . A replay of the call will be available approximately two hours after the conference call concludes , and can be accessed on the Company 's web site .
A LENNOX HEAD woman has had every writer 's dream realised - their book is being distributed overseas .
Michelle Shearer 's book , The MamaBake Book , has been selected for distribution in the United States , Canada and the United Kingdom by HarperCollins360 : the global publishing arm of HarperCollins publishers . It was due to launch in these countries in February 2018 .
The book , that was published in Australia in 2016 by ABC Books/HarperCollins , has sold thousands of copies , offering a revolutionary way of preparing dinners that frees parents up from thinking about cooking every night of the week .
The Mamabake Book was written by Michelle Shearer and MamaBake partner Karen Swan , and uses the MamaBake approach of preparing a week 's worth of healthy homemade meals at the one time .
Of the book , founder of MamaBake , Michelle , says : `` MamaBake is all about seeing that women are still bearing the lion share of the domestic load and providing tools for them to be more free during the week . Cooking meals for the family is a relentless chore and is n't just about the cooking itself - it 's the thinking about what to cook , then writing a shopping list , preparing the meals and then cooking it . We devised this book to free mums up '' .
The book features once-a-week cooking plans as well as big batch recipes - more than 200 recipes in all .
The cooking plans are complete menus for a meal every day of the week - seven dishes made in one afternoon . The cookbook provides a combined weekly shopping list , step-by-step instructions on how to prepare and cook the dishes . The book also includes single big batch recipes - dishes to cook in bulk and freeze in portions so there is always something on hand for dinner .
The MamaBake Book is published by ABC Books/HarperCollins and is available from Booktopia and all good book stores across Australia .
( WTNH ) — The clothing store , Rue 21 , has announced it is closing 400 stores across the country .
Five of those locations are right here in Connecticut .
They include stores in : Westbrook , Waterbury , Meriden , Manchester and Trumbull .
The company calls the closure a “ difficult , but necessary decision . ”
YORK , Pa. — The results of Groundhog Day 2018 are in : According to legend , we 're in for six more weeks of winter because Punxsutawney Phil saw their shadow on Friday morning . That 's in spite of forecasts that predicted a cloudy , shadow-less morning .
http : //www.bladenjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_636529416176130889-GROUNDHOG-1.jpg
More than 258,000 roadside alcohol breath tests were faked by Victoria Police officers in an apparent attempt to fool productivity checks .
An exhaustive audit by Professional Standards Command and statisticians was launched when claims officers were cheating the tests emerged late last year .
Officers were conning the tests by placing a finger over the straw entry hole or blowing into the straw themselves .
`` The investigation , which analysed over five years of data , 1500 preliminary breath test devices and more than 17.7 million tests , disappointingly found 258,463 PBTs or 1.5 per cent of all tests had been falsified , '' Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said .
`` I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice , we let ourselves down , we 've let the community down . It stops now . ''
An external investigator will now be brought in to reveal why it happened .
`` There could be a number of reasons but the main rationale I believe is to hide or highlight productivity , '' Mr Barrett said .
`` Whatever reason our workforce may come up with , it is n't acceptable . ''
The main culprits were general duties and highway patrol officers , with some rural areas over-represented .
Camera Icon File photo Picture : AAP
The practice was not found at supervised drug and alcohol bus test sites and there is no evidence at this stage to suggest fraud or any criminality had occurred , or prosecutions were risked , Mr Barrett said .
Statisticians had to look at complex algorithms together with considerations on the length of time it would take to administer one test and a succession of tests .
The external investigator will also look at underlying cultural and behavioural issues , supervision and management practices that let the fake tests go unchecked , and aggravating circumstances that may need further investigation .
Victoria Police is in discussions with the Independent Broad-based Anti-corruption Commission about the discovery .
Just before the elevator doors opened at CHEO , Sarah Telford playfully , but pointedly , picked up a nearby yellow caution cone — the kind that warn of wet floors , spills and whatnot — and placed it in front of the elevator . When the doors opened , the elevator 's lone occupant , hospital CEO Alex Munter , was compelled to negotiate their way around the obstacle as they exited , no small feat considering that they were in a wheelchair .
For Telford , a 19-year-old Merrickville resident whose leukemia has forced them to spend vast swaths of their youth at CHEO and who now must use a wheelchair as well as the oxygen and intravenous tubes as they receive palliative care , such hurdles are all too common .
Determined to address many of the accessibility issues she 's faced at CHEO , they invited Munter recently on a wheelchair tour of their own facility .
That the chief administrator agreed to participate was significant to Telford . “ It means that the hospital does care , ” they said . “ And they do . They do their best . They just need people to point out things . ”
Telford has already had some success in retrofitting the hospital . Following their observation that the Medical Day Unit lacked an automatic door opener , one was installed last year , among the nearly 1,800 improvements the hospital made during the year . On Wednesday , they urged Munter to open that same door on their own , as they had to do on numerous occasions before the wheelchair-accessible opener was put in place .
“ I 'm proud of getting that done , ” they beamed as they struggled with the door .
Effecting change was initially a slow process , they recall , as their ideas took time to climb the hospital 's organizational chart . “ I do n't think my early emails got to ( Munter ) , but slowly my Interlink nurse , Marilyn , and my oncologist , Dr. Johnson , and my caseworker , Kay , everyone sort of pushed it a little more up the chain . And once we got it to Alex , it was like ‘ No problem . Let 's do it . ' ”
Telford pointed out other deficiencies to Munter , including tables that are too high ; patient washrooms that ca n't easily accommodate wheelchairs ; terrible customer flow in the hospital 's Oasis coffeeshop ; and waiting areas where their parents , Don and Lynn , have had to rearrange furniture to make room for their daughter . On the 4 North ward , where oncology inpatients are treated , they pointed out the Tub Room , sometimes the only place where they can wash. Its door does n't lock and the room itself is no longer actually part of the wing , situated on the wrong side of the security doors .
Along the way , they also pointed out areas where welcome improvements have been made , such as the installation of electrical outlets at a more convenient height .
And while a hospital official took notes , Telford suggested some solutions that could be easily and inexpensively implemented . Families , for example , are currently given a single access card to the ward , but what if Dad goes out to run an errand and Mom subsequently wants to go to the cafeteria to grab a coffee , or take Sarah to the Tub Room , beyond the security doors , for a shower ? Why not simply issue families a second pass ? Telford asked .
“ That 's a really good idea , ” replied Munter .
Telford also sits on the hospital 's accessibility committee and its youth forum , advising officials on how patients ' and families ' experiences can be improved .
Among the larger projects she 'd like to see is the construction of a 4 North rooftop patio . Cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy , they note , are n't permitted out of the ward to walk through the hospital to get some fresh air outside . “ We ca n't go outside unless we jump off the roof . That outdoor space is something that 4 North really needs , and I want to make sure that every kid on 4 North can use it . ”
Them father , Don , agrees , saying that an outdoor area would greatly benefit patients such as Sarah who , after living on the ward for months on end , eventually tire of reading and watching reruns of M * A * S * H. Many patients , they say , have already indicated interest in seeing a patio built . “ But none has pushed as hard for it as Sarah . ”
According to Munter , it 's because of Telford 's lobbying that the hospital is now looking into how much a patio would cost to build and operate .
Most of the hospital , they add , was built in 1974 , and so there are numerous issues to address , and he 's glad for Telford 's vigilance .
“ Sarah has really touched people 's hearts , and she 's very clear-headed about what they want to accomplish , and I think there 's a lot of respect for that throughout the organization .
“ We 're trying to empower every single person in the organization — staff member , physician , patient and family — to come up with ideas on how to make the place better , ” they add . “ But another part of that is honouring the voices of patients and families and respecting their experience . Sarah is telling us we need to do better , and we need to listen to that .
“ I spent 45 minutes in a wheelchair , and that 's not a lived experience . That 's a fleeting glimpse into other people 's lived experience . But it certainly gave me a very tactile impression of this issue . ”
Sarah hopes that continues . “ I 've been here in and off for seven years , ” they say . “ There are a lot of nurses and other people here that I 'd call family , and this is just about getting around and some things that are really annoying .
“ Once I got old enough , I wanted to be able to use my voice to change some of those things . I ca n't change that I 've got cancer . I ca n't change that I 'm in a wheelchair . But I can change things for the next kid , so that they have an easier time . ”
bdeachman @ postmedia.com
TOKYO ( AP ) — The $ 3.3 billion acquisition by SoftBank Group Corp. , the Japanese telecommunications , internet and solar energy giant , of Fortress Investment Group marks tycoon Masayoshi Son 's latest step in building an investment empire .
Son said the deal , announced by both sides Wednesday , will immediately contribute to their strategy for growth and complement their Softbank Vision Fund plan for investing in leading technologies including artificial intelligence and the “ internet of Things , ” which links devices through the Internet .
“ Fortress ' excellent track record speaks for itself , and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership , broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform , ” Son said in a statement .
Tokyo-based Softbank has been aggressive in global acquisitions and has been seeking partners for its private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $ 100 billion . Son appears determined to deliver on their promise to President Donald Trump to invest $ 50 billion in U.S. startups and create 50,000 jobs .
Advertisement
In buying New York-based Fortress , they are betting more on Fortress 's wide ranging expertise and heft in global investment than on gaining any edge in the technology sector : the U.S. investment house has largely focused on finance and real estate , leisure industries , transport and other infrastructure .
Private equity accounts for nearly two-thirds of the company 's investments .
Softbank 's shares jumped 1.6 percent Wednesday in Tokyo trading . Shares in Fortress were up 6.5 percent late Tuesday .
Softbank also owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain 's ARM Holdings , which is known as an innovator in the “ internet of things , ” and in technology used in smartphones .
Fortress said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance .
Fortress co-chairpeople Pete Briger and Wes Edens praised Son as “ visionary. ” They said the companies have much in common , and the deal will benefit shareholders .
“ We join a company with tremendous scale and resources , and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance , service and innovation , ” they said in a joint statement .
SoftBank , the first carrier to offer the iPhone in Japan , also sells the Pepper human-shaped companion robot . The company , founded in 1981 , has within its investment empire financial technology and ride-booking services .
Last week , the company reported its October-December profit soared to about 40 times what it was a year ago .
___
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
Web Desk : Skin positivity is a new trend where people accept their skin , the way it is , be it acne or pigmentation and share photos that reflect their actual looks .
The aim of this movement is to encourage people to celebrate their imperfections and also inspires them to embrace it . This trend allows people to use social media to show that they love themselves for who they are , flaws included , be it acne or pigmentation . This will also help to boost confidence .
The Independent reported , “ People struggling with skin issues behind closed doors tend to undergo mental health issues , such as negative body image , depression and suicidl thoughts , known as psychodermatology . ”
Source : Hindustantimes
loading ...
A THOUSAND OAKS , Calif. - Jacob Conover has a handful of favorites and the four-star quarterback is almost ready to make a decision .
“ I want to be committed by the end of April or early May , ” Conover said this past weekend at the adidas West Coast Invitational .
“ When you 're committed , you can start building the class with that team . Wherever I go , I want to start building that class to make sure we have a good 2019 class .
“ With the new rule that you can start taking officials in April I want to start doing that . I 've been talking to some schools to set up officials so that will be good . ”
Arizona State , BYU , Alabama and Oregon State are the four serious contenders for the Chandler , Ariz. , quarterback with one other team still hanging around at this point .
“ I 'm starting to narrow it down , ” Conover said . “ I want to keep Stanford in the mix even though they have n't offered . We 've been communicating a lot . They take a long time but we 're going to see if we can work something out . ”
The four-star standout is growing more familiar with the new Arizona State coaching staff and will continue to learn more about the Sun Devils . BYU is a major player since Conover will go on their Mormon mission after high school and they have other connections to that school as well .
“ I want to see it progress , ” Conover said of ASU . “ I 'll be able to go to practice these upcoming weeks . Coach ( Herm ) Edwards brings a new energy and I like coach ( Rob ) Likens and the offense they bring so it will be fun to watch .
“ ( BYU 's ) Kalani Sitake is just a phenomenal head coach . The new offensive staff he 's brought in is exciting , not only the recruits but the team that 's there . Gunner 's ( Romney ) brother is a quarterback there now and I 've been able to get feedback with what they 're doing there so it 's been cool . ”
Alabama and Oregon State are definitely players as well .
“ With Tua ( Tagovailoa ) coming in , it kind of opens up some new windows , ” Conover said of the Crimson Tide . “ It was exciting to watch them throw the ball more .
“ ( Oregon State coach ) Jonathan Smith is a great guy . It 's kind oh my hometown being from Oregon so it would be cool to go back up there . ”
MOVING ON : Lismore City Council 's outgoing general manager Gary Murphy , said they are grateful for the opportunity to work with the wonderful staff for seven years .
MOVING ON : Lismore City Council 's outgoing general manager Gary Murphy , said they are grateful for the opportunity to work with the wonderful staff for seven years . Alison Paterson
A NATIONAL advertising campaign will be launched in coming weeks to permanently fill Lismore City Council 's general manager role .
Today the council announced assets manager Scott Turner has been appointed to the acting GM position while the recruitment process is underway .
Mr Turner will commence a two week handover period starting Monday next week before current GM Gary Murphy departs on June 14 .
In the meantime , the council will select an independent third party recruiter to oversee the recruitment process of a permanent replacement for Mr Murphy .
Expressions of interest for recruitment firms closed last Friday , May 25 .
The next step in the process is a meeting this Friday of the general manager 's performance review committee to assess the applications and select a recruiter for the job .
The recruitment drive will include nationwide advertising campaign and is expected to take some months .
While there is no deadline on the project , a suitable candidate is expected to be appointed by at least the end of the year .
Madrid : Barcelona ground out a 2-0 victory over Villarreal on Sunday to go five points clear at the top of La Liga , continuing their excellent start to the season .
On paper it has been business as usual for a Barcelona side accustomed to success , but Ernesto Valverde ` s team play a very different style of football to that of their predecessor Luis Enrique .
Although the former Athletic Bilbao coach has chosen to change from a 4-3-3 to a 4-4-2 , adding a man in midfield to increase ball possession , this Barcelona is also far cry from Pep Guardiola ` s passing demons from 2008-12 .
( Also read : La Liga : Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi give Barcelona win , Atletico Madrid keep up chase )
With electric winger Neymar leaving for Paris St Germain , Barcelona lost their most creative player behind Lionel Messi and it has had positive and negative effects on the team .
Although Ousmane Dembele was signed to replace the Brazilian , their injury has resulted in Valverde using Paulinho as an extra midfielder .
With four central midfielders on the pitch , even with two of them moving into wider positions , Barcelona is much harder to break down , playing pragmatic but slow football .
The Catalans have conceded only seven goals in La Liga , joint fewer than any other side with Atletico Madrid , who are renowned for their rock-solid defence .
In attack , however , it means they are reliant on the quality of Messi and Luis Suarez , meaning if defences can keep the striking duo shackled , Barcelona have trouble finding a way through .
That was the case at Estadio de la Ceramica , with Villarreal keeping the door shut until midfielder Daniel Raba was sent off for a foolish lunge at Sergio Busquets .
When the hosts were reduced to 10 men it was far easier for the Catalans to unpick them , with Suarez and Messi scoring .
`` The first half was very even but after the red card we had more chances on goal to win the game , '' Suarez said . `` The red card hurt them but Paco Alcacer coming on also helped the team . ''
With Barcelona in need of a goal , Valverde hauled off midfielder Denis Suarez , who was standing in for injured captain Andres Iniesta , and their replacement Alcacer teed up Suarez .
Now boasting an extra forward , Barcelona looked more dangerous but also started allowing chances to the hosts , although goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen stopped anything which came theirs way .
When Dembele returns from injury in January it will give Valverde the chance to bring the thrill and excitement back to Barcelona ` s game , but the coach might be reluctant to change a winning , albeit at times dull , formula .
Questioning is the art of learning . For an illness as debilitating as depression , asking the right questions is an important step in social acceptance and understanding . How do I open-up about my depression to my parents ? Can meditation be counted as a treatment for depression ? Should heartbreak be considered as a trigger for deep depression ? These were some of the questions addressed by a panel consisting of the trustees and the founder of The Live Love Lough Foundation ( TLLLF ) , a platform that seeks to champion the cause of mental health . The panel discussion was a part of an event organised by TLLLF to commemorate World Mental Health Day .
According to a National Mental Health Survey of India 2015-16 , conducted by the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences ( NIMHANS ) , common mental disorders including depression , anxiety disorders and substance use disorders affect nearly 10 % of the population , with 1 in 20 people in India suffering from depression . The survey reported a huge treatment gap , a problem that is spread far and wide across urban and rural parts of the country .
On 10th of October , trustees of the foundation , Anna Chandy , Dr. Shyam Bhat and Nina Nair , along with its founder , Deepika Padukone , made a visit to a community health project centre in Devangere , Karnataka . The project , started by The Association of People with Disability ( APD ) in 2010 , got a much-needed boost after partnering with TLLLF 2 years ago , helping them reach 819 people suffering from mental illnesses and spreading its program to 6 Taluks , making a difference at a larger scale .
Play
During the visit , the TLLLF team met patients and their families to gain insights into the program 's effectiveness and impact . Basavaraja , a beneficiary of the program , spoke about the issues they faced because of their illness . They shared how people used to call them mad and would threaten to beat them up . Other patients expressed their difficulty in getting access to medical aid for which they had to travel to the next biggest city , Shivmoga which is about 2 hours away from Davangere . A marked difference from when TLLLF joined the project two years ago was the level of openness and awareness present amongst the villagers . Individuals and families were more expressive about their issues and challenges leading to a more evolved and helpful conversation .
The process of de-stigmatizing mental illnesses in a community and providing treatment to those who are suffering requires a strong nexus of partners to make progress in a holistic manner . Initially , getting different stakeholders together was difficult because of the lack of awareness and resources in the field of mental healthcare . But the project found its footing once it established a network of support from NIMHANS doctors who treated the patients at health camps , Primary Healthcare Centre doctors and the ASHA workers . On their visit , the TLLLF team along with APD and the project partners discussed the impact that was made by the program . Were beneficiaries able to access the free psychiatric drugs ? Did the program help in reducing the distance patients had to travel to get treatment ? During these discussions , the TLLLF team observed that even amongst the partners , there was an increased sense of support and responsiveness towards mental health aid .
The next leg of the visit took the TLLLF team to the village of Bilichodu where they met a support group that included 15 patients and caregivers . Ujjala Padukone , Deepika Padukone 's mother , being a caregiver herself , was also present in the discussion to share their experiences with the group and encouraged others to share their stories and concerns about their family members . While the discussion revolved around the importance of opening up and seeking help , the team brought about a forward-looking attitude within the group by discussing future possibilities in employment and livelihood options available for the patients .
As the TLLLF team honoured World Mental Health day , 2017 by visiting families , engaging with support groups and reviewing the successes and the challenges in rural mental healthcare , they noticed how the conversation , that was once difficult to start , now had characteristics of support , openness and a positive outlook towards the future . To continue this momentum , the organisation charted out the next steps that will further enrich the dialogue surrounding mental health , in both urban and rural areas . The steps include increasing research on mental health , enhancing the role of social media to drive awareness and decrease stigma and expanding their current programs . To know more , see here .
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of The Live Love Laugh Foundation and not by the Scroll editorial team .
New Delhi : Legendary Sachin Tendulkar has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , requesting them to include all international medallists in Central Government Health Scheme ( CGHS ) .
Talking about the plight that elite sportspersons go through when facing health issues , Tendulkar in their letter cited the example of Hockey Olympic gold medallist Mohammed Shahid 's last days .
`` I am writing to you as a concerned sportsperson on behalf of all the sportsperson in our country requesting your kind intervention for inclusion of all sportsperson who have won medals internationally in the list of sportsperson eligible for CGHS facilities , '' Tendulkar wrote to Modi on October 24 , a copy of which is in possession of PTI .
CGHS is availed by all Central Government employees who have access to medical centres which is associated with this scheme .
Tendulkar , in their letter to PM Modi , informed them that they had earlier taken up the issue with both sports ministry and health ministry .
`` They ( Health Ministry ) were supportive of the idea but shared their inability to consider wider range of sportsperson under CGHS scheme through their reply dated September 14 . I completely appreciate and understand their position basis our original request , '' Tendulkar wrote .
Tendulkar has requested PM to at least consider inclusion of international medallists ( non Govt employees ) on a `` pilot/test ' , whose cost benefits can be assessed by the sports ministry .
`` Once we analyse the cost/benefits the same can be extended to additional categories of sportspersons in a phased manner , after value of Pilot Programme is assessed by Health Ministry , '' the maestro wrote .
Tendulkar spoke about late Shahid , who got help only during their last days . Shahid passed away due to liver-related problem .
`` Not all sportspersons have been historically allocated government jobs , hence even if limited pool of international medal winners are considered , we can prevent incidents of apathy such as Shri Mohammed Shahid , one of our greatest hockey players , '' they further wrote .
As a parting shot , Tendulkar wrote : `` I have been through several tough injuries where I have felt the pressure of an uncertain comeback . The amount of physical and mental stress that sportsperson goes through is immense .
`` The medical cost creates additional burden on athletes , which in turn acts as a deterrent . ''
In a little less than a year , Matt Rosendale went from candidate to the GOP hopeful in the Nov. 6 race against Montana Democratic incumbent Sen. Jon Tester .
On Thursday , President Donald Trump will speak at a rally in Great Falls to boost Rosendale and Rep. Greg Gianforte , a Republican incumbent seeking re-election .
Rosendale , 57 , is a state auditor and a former majority leader in the Montana state Senate . They moved to Montana in 2002 from Maryland , where they worked in real estate , real estate development and land management .
In their campaign profile in the Great Falls Tribune , Rosendale said they wanted to fight excessive spending in Washington and help Trump `` restore greatness to our country . ”
Their critics have labeled them as an East Coast developer funded by special interests who would be bad for public lands , veterans and health care . They 've also called them “ Maryland Matt . ”
Matt Rosendale addresses supporters in Helena , after winning the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate on June 5 .
Thom Bridge , AP
Rosendale , who won the Republican U.S. Senate primary on June 5 , has listed supporters as Sens . Rand Paul of Kentucky , Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah and President Donald Trump 's National Security Adviser John Bolton .
Rosendale 's donors spent more than $ 3 million to support their primary campaign . Outside groups already have spent more than $ 5 million total on the GOP primary and on attack ads against Tester , putting the race on track to be one of the most expensive in Montana history , the Associated Press reported .
Like their Democratic opponent Tester , Rosendale sports a `` buzz '' haircut . They have dubbed the Senate race `` The Battle of the Flat-Tops . ''
Trump won Montana by 20 points in 2016 . Their son , Donald Trump Jr. , has come to the state several times to campaign for Republican candidates .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Laurie is a rare Seattle-born Native . They have raised their children , but as a working mom knows how important it is to look and feel your best . They currently volunteer with Queen It 's a New Day , a non-profit organization in Everett , giving women a hand up to feel great inside and out . As a published author and life coach , Laurie is WARM 's Afternoon Traffic host with the philosophy of… ” traffic is a lot like life , sometimes you have a speed –limit drive and sometimes you hit a slow-down or detour , but with the right guidance and information , we can all get through it together ” .
ROANOKE , Va. - With snow in the forecast , many churches have canceled services for Sunday . This list will be updated automatically as church submit their closures with us .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
NORWICH , Conn. ( WTNH ) – U.S . Senator Richard Blumenthal is working to combat the opioid epidemic .
On Monday afternoon , the senator will be at the United Community & Family Services health center in Norwich to talk about community-based efforts to deal with the opioid crisis .
Monday , August 14h is the first day of National Health Center Week .
Blumenthal plans to visit health centers across the state to talk about their role , along with the affordable care law and its role in combating the opioid epidemic .
Let 's understand what is this PCD Pharma Franchise Model ? PCD Pharma Franchise Model is accepted and safely , can be termed as a time-tested model . It started almost one and half decade back with an experiment which now has become a full-blown Industry .
Pharma Franchiser develops its product range by getting the product manufactured through Third Party Contract Manufacturer under its own Brand Name . The product clearly mentions Manufactured by ( Contract manufacturer ) under its Manufacturing License and also is mentioned Marketed by ( Pharma Franchiser ) . Once the range is developed they advertise their company in print and digital media the author Mr Rajneesh Gupta recommends Digital media like PharmaBizConnect , Pharma Franchise companies then approaches franchiser and negotiates the deal . When both the parties satisfy themselves with each other credentials that the deal materializes .
Pharma Franchiser sends the product along with marketing tools to Pharma franchise and then Pharma franchise sells the products in the market this can also be termed as propaganda cum distributor wherein PCD Pharma companies stores as well as sells the products of Pharma Franchiser . For more information visit at http : //www.pharmabizconnect.com
Marawai City : Philippines politician said on Thursday residents fleeing besieged Marawi City had seen at least 100 bodies in an area where intense fighting has taken place between security forces and Islamist militants in the last three weeks .
Zia Alonto Adiong , who is helping in rescue and relief efforts , said they had earlier mistakenly said 500 to 1,000 dead bodies were seen by residents .
`` I ` m sorry , I ` m talking about the estimated number of trapped residents , '' they told reporters .
`` Dead bodies , at least 100 , scattered around the encounter area . ''
The military has said 290 people have died in more than three weeks of fighting , including 206 militants , 58 soldiers and 26 civilians .
Jonathan Martin , the printed top and dresses resource that had its heyday in the Eighties and Nineties , is returning to the market for spring after a seven-year absence.Owner Uri Harkham , who founded the line in Los Angeles in 1975 , said they spy a need in the better women 's market for office-appropriate tops and dresses featuring custom prints and treatments . In addition , they have launched a high-end Italian silk line called Hark + Hammer that sells pieces for $ 200 to $ 300 direct to consumers online. “ People say , ‘ What are you , nuts ? There 's no customer , ' but when we launched Jonathan Martin in '75 , people also thought we were nuts . But we found our niche and it was really a privilege to be in this industry . I think it 's still relevant , ” said Harkham.Meant to retail in major department stores for $ 49 to $ 79 , Jonathan Martin features monthly deliveries of flutter-sleeve tops and wrap dresses with details like front-and-back embroidery and custom print borders . Harkham said the line will be available in a plus-size range and that they hope to re-create the partnerships they had with retailers such as Lane Bryant. “ I believe we can still serve the market , so this is why I 'm coming back . The last seven years , I did only real estate , but for me Jonathan Martin was the best business in the world , ” said Harkham , whose family-run company owns several hotels and residential buildings in downtown Los Angeles as well as the factory they purchased in 1979.His success in the apparel industry allowed them to become a real estate player and philanthropist , and now those investments are allowing them to re-enter the industry they say is closest to their heart.Said Harkham , “ Financial entry into this business today is very difficult . We have the fashion know-how and the desire . At my age , it 's keeping me relevant . To survive you have to be on your toes . ”
After a nasty quarrel between their relatives over bamboo fencing on their property , the 10-year-old protagonist in Utpal Borpujari 's Assamese feature film Ishu is ticked off . “ Adults always behave strangely . I do n't really understand them , ” declares Ishwar Prasad Rabha to their three friends as they walk off to school . Ishu provides the boy with many more opportunities to witness the dangerously immature ways of adults .
Produced by the Children 's Film Society India , Borpujari 's debut feature examines witch-hunting practices in Assam through the eyes of a child . Set in a remote village in Goalpara district Ishu examines the banned practice through Ishu 's battle for their aunt , who is wrongly accused of being a witch .
“ A gruesome image is often associated with the concept of witch-hunting , a one with broken bones and evil spells. ” Borpujari told Scroll.in in an interview . “ It is always easy to showcase such kind of violence from an adult 's point of view . But if you look at it from a child 's point of view , you will be able to see it in a completely new perspective because of their innocence . ”
Ishu ( 2017 ) .
The film critic-turned-filmmaker has focused on the Northeastern region in their documentaries , including Mayong : Myth/Reality ( 2012 ) , Songs of the Blue Hills ( 2013 ) and Memories of a Forgotten War ( 2016 ) . Ishu is based on Assamese writer Manikuntala Bhattacharya 's novel of the same name . “ There are so many stories in the Northeast which have gone untold , ” Borpujari said . “ The idea is to bring all of these interesting concepts on film . Also when you talk about Northeast , there is often a negative image that comes to one 's mind . I try to pick up subjects that have n't been handled before . ”
The movie stars Kapil Garo as the titular character , alongside Bishnu Khargharia and Tonthoingambi Leishangthem Devi . Like Ishu , Garo too is a 10-year-old boy from a village in Assam . They were chosen from 300-odd children for the part . Garo 's innocence was what made them a perfect fit for the role , according to Borpujari .
“ Garo is a natural , ” Borpujari said . “ Ishu 's character was a village kid , so I tried to avoid looking at children from towns like Guwahati because the body language would be very different . Garo gave only two retakes in the film , which was only because they felt sleepy . ”
Play Mayong : Myth/Reality ( 2013 ) .
Ishu emerged out of a script laboratory conducted by CFSI . “ Our script committee found it to be very suitable not just for the Northeast region , but also for the children from all parts of India , ” Shravan Kumar , CEO of the organisation , said .
The organisation 's productions are rarely released in theatres . They are usually screened at schools or cultural institutions and circulate through film festivals . An exception was Rajan Khosa 's Gattu ( 2011 ) , which traced a boy 's passion for kites . Gattu was the first film to be released in CFSI 's 57-year history .
Distribution is the biggest bottleneck . “ Productions of children 's films in our country are hindered because people think there is no return of investment , ” Kumar said . “ As a result , very few filmmakers take a chance in making children 's films . It is a cycle . As the filmmakers make fewer films , the theatical release is also less . ”
Borpujari agrees with Kumar 's assessment . “ The distribution lobby caters more towards mainstream films , ” they said . “ This is the same case with independent films as well . Very few children 's films are actually made in India . If you look at the private production space , except for a few films like Kaaka Muttai and Stanley Ka Dabba , there are not many films for children . When the number is less , it adds to the problem of fewer theatrical releases . ”
HYBRID technology could form a part of Supercars racing within the next five years .
As part of preliminary investigations into how it will evolve the championship 's technical rules in the midterm and long-term future , electrical systems similar to those found in Formula 1 and sports car racing — which harvest wasted energy and redeploy it as part of the car 's power output — are being considered .
Hybrid technology has actually been eligible in Supercars since the arrival of the Gen2 rules package at the start of 2017 , when rules were opened up to allow non-V8 engines and body shapes other than the traditional four-door sedan .
LIVE Stream the Darwin Triple Crown Exclusively Live & Ad-break free during racing on FOX SPORTS . SIGN UP NOW >
“ It was basically open ( to hybrids ) as long as the manufacturer had a plan and a pathway to put it in place , ” then Supercars CEO James Warburton told foxsports.com.au in early 2017 .
“ As I said when we launched Gen2 , nothing 's on or off the table .
“ When we had the discussions with Lexus it was about RC-F , which was a challenge to fit on the chassis — which we did in the end — and then they decided not to because they had a global GT program .
“ But ( hybrids ) , absolutely . ”
However , no manufacturers have so far opted to try and develop a hybrid power unit package to use in Supercars .
With the Gen2 regulations in place until the end of 2021 , the Supercars Commission is currently actively investigating what the next evolution of the sport will look like for 2022 and beyond .
Hybrid technology could well be a part of that should a manufacturer be interested , with Supercars CEO Sean Seamer revealing that the sport is doing its due diligence on the topic .
“ We will include manufacturers in those discussions to get their feedback and their inputs , and in terms of what works for them , and make sure that we understand what their long-term product road map looks like , ” they told supercars.com .
“ They 've asked what hybridisation might look like .
“ Do we have the ability to do it ? Is it something that we will consider as part of Next Generation ? To which we have said , ‘ yes , we will look at that as part of the program and the planning ' . ”
The evaluation of all things related to the championship 's next set of technical rules is expected to be complete by the end of 2018 .
New Delhi : In the wake of the horrific rape cases in Kathua and Unnao , Bhojpuri actor Gargi Pandit took to their Instagram to extend their support to the rape victims . They also demanded death sentence for rapists . However , instead of hailing their decision some followers trolled mercilessly and even threatened them to keep mum .
But Gargi lashed out at trolls and said that they are a citizen of India and being a part of a democratic country they have full right to express herself . They added that they will always stand up for the rights of women no matter what .
On the work front , the trailer of Gargi 's next big venture 'Tod De Dushman Ki Nali Ram Aur Ali ' starring Nisar Khan and Raj Yadav in the lead roles was unveiled during a gala event recently .
Presented under the banner of Shujay Films Creation the film produced by Ratanjeet Pratap Singh ( Shubham Singh ) also stars Gargi Pandit ( Priyanka Pandit ) and Saloni Bista as the female leads .
According to the producer , the film is based on a very sensitive issue and it reflects India 's Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb ( culture ) . They say that Ram and Raheem are equally important .
The producer is confident that the film will be liked by moviegoers as they have produced an entertaining film .
Apart from having a gripping storyline , Tod De Dushman Ki Nali Ram Aur Ali has some amazing songs in it . The music for the film has been composed by Sahil Khan and Chote Baba while the songs have been penned by Azad Singh , Shyam Dehati , Yadav Raj ( Mantu ) & Faninder Rao . Hunny B. , Mohan Rathore , Raja Hassan , Priyanka Singh , Raj Yadav , Alok Kumar and Nivedan Kumar have lent their voices to the songs in the film .
Besides Nisar , Raj , Gargi and Saloni , the film also stars Umesh Singh , Saurabh Ashveri and Sanjay Mahanand . There will be a special item song featuring Glory Mohanta .
A major plan to build up to 2,500 homes on a site to the northeast of Kenilworth has been submitted by developers .
Lioncourt Homes are applying for outline permission to build the homes on land at Kings Hill .
As well as the homes , the plan includes a 4,000 sq m 'district centre ' , a new primary and secondary school , green spaces , new roads within the site and a new access point to the site at the junction of Kings Hill Lane and Stoneleigh Road .
In addition , a new roundabout junction at the south of Saint Martin 's Road and Green Lane and a new limited access junction on Green Lane to the north of Finham Primary School has also been proposed for access in a separate application which falls under Coventry City Council 's jurisdiction .
The site was identified in Warwick district 's Local Plan for 1,800 homes , with a potential to rise to 4,000 in the future .
The developers ' design and access statement read : `` The proposed development will create housing choice , increased educational opportunities , community facilities and new amenity spaces for the existing and new community whilst assisting in delivering district required infrastructure and housing and improving public access across the site and to the wider pedestrian network . ''
The plan has already attracted a torrent of complaints from concerned residents .
Sue Fitton of Finham Brook Flood Group was concerned about the possible increase to flood risks .
They said : `` Any development that could increase surface water runoff into the Finham Brook is bound to cause concern , especially to those residents located downstream of the proposed development . ''
And Stoneleigh and Ashow Parish Council have also objected to the plan , as it thought the planned access and exit roads to the site were 'inadequate . '
Kenilwirth Town Council will discuss the plans at a meeting tomorrow ( Thursday May 31 ) .
It is not yet known when Warwick District Council will make a decision on the plans .
SYDNEY FC 's ebullient approach to the A-League semi-finals has continued , with defender Michael Zullo claiming the Sky Blues can top Melbourne Victory for strength and technique .
Insisting that their side was already the fittest in the league , Zullo said the weekend off - while Victory shaded Adelaide 2-1 in the elimination final - had given Sydney another layer of advantage before Saturday 's game .
Zullo 's words underscored Sydney 's confidence , a day after captain Alex Brosque said that losing the last seven encounters would be playing on Victory 's minds .
`` The break gives us a huge advantage , '' Zullo said . `` They played a tough 90 minutes but more importantly it 's given us a chance to reach full fitness , and a few extra days to recover and prepare .
`` Physically we 've been the strongest team in the league all year and this will add to our advantage as well .
`` ( Victory 's ) game is based on physicality but we 're a physically superior side . When you look at it in that way , we 've turned their strength into our strength . The quality we have in our front third this year has really been the difference .
Zullo has the job of containing Victory star Leroy George .
`` Also , the fact we defend as a team , and everyone plays a part defensively , has led to our team coming out on top . ''
Zullo 's personal battle will be with Victory 's freewheeling winger Leroy George , whose header brought their side level with Adelaide , but the Sydney leftback insisted they had the answer to come out on top .
`` I watched the game , and Adelaide defend differently to the way we do , '' they said . `` We have each other 's back and fill in for each other when we need to .
`` For me personally , the best way to contain an attacker is to defend . It 's a cliche but something that seems to have worked for us .
`` To be honest , for us it did n't matter . We knew whoever it was we 'd beaten them this year and put in really good performances as well . We were n't too fazed , and it 's Melbourne so we 're ready . ''
( CNN ) – Netflix is closing in on a major milestone .
Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ) added 5 million members globally in the first quarter of 2017 , bringing its total subscriber base to just shy of 99 million users . That comes on the heels of Netflix 's biggest quarter for new subscribers ever .
“ We expect to cross the 100 million member mark this weekend , ” Netflix wrote in its letter to shareholders Monday . “ It 's a good start . ”
While touting the milestone on an earnings call Monday , Netflix CEO Reed Hastings stressed that services like YouTube and Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) each have a billion or more users .
“ Our viewing is very large and growing , but nowhere near as big as YouTube , ” Hastings said , in response to a question about how much video its customers watch on Netflix . “ We definitely have YouTube envy . ”
The company is planning a significant marketing push to keep growing . Netflix said it will spend more than $ 1 billion this year to “ drive member acquisition . ”
Its continued subscriber growth follows a decision to launch in nearly every country in the world and invest heavily in original content to lure customers .
Netflix has found success in the U.S. and abroad with new original shows like The Crown , Black Mirror and Gilmore Girls . Netflix has also invested in exclusive deals with stars who have international appeal , including Shah Rukh Khan and Adam Sandler .
Netflix recently boosted its investment in standup comedy , including a collection from Dave Chappelle . The company says it 's even open to having its original films shown at AMC and Regal movie theaters , but only if they 're released at the same time on Netflix .
Unlike rival Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) , there is at least one category Netflix plans to steer clear of : football .
“ That is not a strategy that we think is smart for us since we believe we can earn more viewing and satisfaction from spending that money on movies and TV shows , ” Netflix wrote in the shareholder letter .
The company previously said it expects to invest more than $ 6 billion on programming this year , up from $ 5 billion in 2016 .
Netflix stock was up more than 1 % in after hours trading Monday .
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores2 <
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64 , Charlotte 50 <
Coll . of Charleston 92 , North Greenville 60 <
Cumberlands 92 , Voorhees 23 <
ETSU 94 , Hiwassee 48 <
FAU 108 , Webber 46 <
Florida St. 72 , Tulane 53 <
High Point 110 , Toccoa Falls 39 <
LSU 97 , UNC Wilmington 84 <
N. Kentucky 91 , E. Kentucky 63 <
Piedmont 71 , Berea 60 <
Richmond 74 , James Madison 71 <
Southern Miss . 89 , Troy 71 <
UNC Asheville 97 , Milligan 60 <
UT Martin 127 , Cincinnati-Clermont 92 <
Virginia Tech 93 , Md.-Eastern Shore 40 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A school bus has been renovated and reimagined as a homeless shelter .
The double decker 966 buses used to run between Haverhill and Clare but now it will act as a mobile hostel with bunks for up to 14 rough sleepers and the lower deck can be converted to four more .
The bus was donated from the Haverhill depot of Stephensons bus company just an hour after it completed its last school run in January 2017 .
Gareth Brenland , 41 , and their partner Sarah Brenland , 40 , both quit their jobs in March this year to take on the renovation full time .
Mr Brenland said : `` We picked the bus home the same morning it finished its last school run . We had asked lots of big bus companies like Arriva and Stagecoach but none were suitable and then we saw this one on Ebay .
`` I called up Stephensons and they said they would give us it for free . I did n't know what to think , we were committed to doing it now. ``
Mr Brenland was inspired to start a shelter after they and their partner came across a rough sleeper on a date night in November 2016 .
They said : `` We went on a date night in November ands saw a rough sleeper . At dinner we asked for them to box up some food to take to them but when I went back out they were gone .
`` A few days later they were still on my mind . I said : ' I have to do something ' . I put a call out for warm clothes and sleeping bags . We started thinking about can we open a café or training centre and then Sarah saw an article about a bus in the Isle of Wight and we started looking for a bus . ''
Mr Brenland , who used to own an electric and property business , did almost all the work themselves and named the bus Tiffers , after their daughter Tiffani .
Almost all of the estimated £25,000 worth of work was paid for using crowdfunding and donations .
On the top deck each bunk comes with with its own LED night light , USB charging socket and privacy curtains . In an emergency the downstairs seating area can be converted to an extra four beds to sleep 18 .
There will also be wash facilities , shower and a toilet , a functional kitchen which will serve breakfast , lunch , teas and coffees throughout the day . Main meals will be provided from an outside company free of charge thanks to The Teapot Project . There is also chill out area and a PC area for guests to use for applications and researching .
The last touches are being made to the shelter , with the service launching in Ipswich on August 28 , travelling around the city to help people most in need .
A shop has also been set up selling clothes and other items to raise funds for the shelter .
Crowdfunding is ongoing to help cover the cost of road tax and insurance . You can donate here .
Look through our gallery to see the transformation from school bus to homeless shelter .
We are very pleased and proud to inform you about the opening of new Zoom'n'Joy branch store in Budapest , Hungary .
Zoom'n'Joy is constantly working on expanding its geographic presence in the world in order to give the maximum number of customers an opportunity to purchase high-quality and affordable optics . The opening in Budapest , one of the most populated cities in Europe , is very big step forward for Zoom'n'Joy and a great opportunity for the residents of Hungary to become owners of wonderful optical devices or to buy special gifts for friends and family .
A country of rich history , remarkable architecture and stunning nature , Hungary is the perfect place for exploring and investigation , outdoor activities and observing . Stargazing , astrophotography , studying the microcosm , and birdwatching – that is just the short list of hobbies and entertainment that become available for owners of Levenhuk optics . From our side , we guarantee the highest level of service for our customers . The full range of Levenhuk , Bresser , Celestron , Sky-Watcher etc . optical devices – telescopes , microscopes , binoculars , spotting scopes and much more – are already available for purchase at our online store : www.zoom-n-joy.hu
Contact information :
Zoom'n'Joy Magyarország
Szegedi út 54 . 1136 Budapest
Phone : +36 70-297-46-13
www.levenhuk.hu
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
Scroll for more content ...
NFL ratings have declined , ESPN has become a drag on parent Disney 's earnings , and the way people consume TV continues to evolve , threatening existing business models .
Yet the next few weeks will offer a concentrated demonstration of sports programming 's enduring power , and why TV remains so fixated on it , to the point of paying exorbitant premiums .
This Sunday brings Super Bowl LII , a TV event that dwarfs all others , followed by another sports showcase so big that it calls for Roman numerals , NBC 's broadcast of the XXIII Winter Olympics . Even in the age of peak TV , the Olympics are perceived to be such a potent draw that other networks have largely gotten out of their way , with CBS , for example , trotting out `` Celebrity Big Brother '' as a means of ( hopefully ) helping to inexpensively keep the lights on for those 17 days .
Fox , meanwhile , just acquired rights to the NFL 's Thursday-night football package , which had been shared by CBS and NBC . Part of that has to do with Fox 's unique position -- the network is currently struggling , and will lose its sister production division whenever the Disney-Fox merger deal goes through -- adding a measure of desperation to its bid that football owners have always been happy to exploit .
Fox 's five-year deal will reportedly pay the NFL more than $ 3 billion , a dramatic increase over the $ 450 million that the previous rights holders were shelling out per year .
As 21st Century Fox president Peter Rice noted in announcing the agreement , the NFL played a central role in establishing Fox as a fourth network , and 25 years after Fox stunned the TV industry by snagging football rights , `` we understand that nothing beats the NFL when it comes to television that captures people 's attention . ''
That 's especially true in an age where roughly half the audience has a DVR and can zap through commercials . Sports remain almost unique in terms of programming that viewers feel compelled to watch live , making such events particularly attractive to advertisers .
For all the focus on the NFL 's recent struggles , it 's also worth noting that other sports have bucked the gravity dragging down ratings , including NBA basketball and this year 's college football championship game , which surged 13 % above its 2017 performance .
Small wonder that NBC is emphasizing the live component of its Olympic coverage from PyeongChang , South Korea , having faced past criticism for offering an abundance of delayed events in primetime .
Related : Olympics buff Leslie Jones joins NBC 's Winter Games coverage
Citing the 14-hour time difference between the Olympic venue and the East Coast , NBC is touting live competition every night , excluding the opening and closing ceremonies . The network will also broadcast live across U.S. time zones -- as it now does with `` Saturday Night Live '' -- `` creating a unique national collective experience for this event , '' Jim Bell , president of NBC 's Olympics production , said in making that announcement .
It 's become fashionable to portray the major networks as dinosaurs , and ESPN -- as the main beneficiary of a cable bundle that pays the sports titan billions each year -- as living on borrowed time thanks to the phenomenon known as cord-cutting , as people seek cheaper programming alternatives .
The juxtaposition of the Fox-NFL deal , Super Bowl and Olympics , however , provides a pretty stark reminder that broadcasting , in the truest sense of the term , still has some life left in it , even if the medium achieves that kind of reach with less and less regularity .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire East 's head of legal services has today ( Monday ) resigned with immediate effect .
Bill Norman is one of three senior officers who was being investigated by the council 's investigation and disciplinary committee ( IDC ) .
The committee is investigating allegations into officer conduct .
Within the last few minutes Cheshire East has issued a statement to say : “ The council 's director of legal services and monitoring officer , Bill Norman , has today tendered their resignation with immediate effect .
“ Mr Norman 's resignation has been accepted . Recruitment to the permanent position of director of legal services and monitoring officer will be progressed as soon as is practicable . ”
Cllr Howard Murray ( Con ) chairperson of the Investigation and Disciplinary Panel said : “ The IDC met today and , as a result of this resignation , has concluded its business with regard to Mr Norman . ”
The council 's chief executive , Mike Suarez , was suspended in April and its chief operating officer , Peter Bates , was suspended last week .
Both remain suspended .
The council has stressed the suspensions are a neutral act taken in the interests of the council and the individuals .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Avid ballet dancer loses legs in the Bahamas tour boat explosion
RUTLAND , Vt. ( AP ) — A woman who used to be an avid ballet dancer suffered serious injuries in a deadly Bahamas tour boat explosion and had their lower legs amputated .
Stephanie Schaffer , a 22-year-old student at Castleton University , was among nine people injured when the boat exploded Saturday , killing a U.S. citizen .
Schaffer also suffered broken arms , a fractured spine and internal injuries , The Rutland Herald reported . Them mother suffered a fractured lower right leg , a shattered left ankle , a fractured wrist and broken ribs .
Relatives and friends were trying to help the family through an online fundraising campaign that had raised $ 105,000 by Tuesday .
`` Thank you to all of you who have followed and supported , the family is deeply humbled by all the love , '' said a post on the page .
Authorities in the Bahamas are working to determine what caused the fire minutes into a day trip around the small islands near Great Exuma .
The U.S. Coast Guard airlifted four Americans to Florida for treatment while six people were treated in Nassau .
It has been over 26 days since PIA ATR crashed killing 47 human beings , most having paid to travel safely from Chitral to Islamabad . One only hopes that this accident and its victims , the next of kin , will finally have a closure , get insurance and know reasons for this accident and hope that there will be remedial action by CAA and airline ensuring avoidance of such accidents .
Past record of investigations conducted on Bhoja Air or Air Blue crash are deplorable to say the least . There is an 8 minute Audio Recording circulating on social media which contains contents of conversations in cockpit and seem to be from Cockpit Voice Recorder . This was supposed to be Three Pilot operation with an Instructor Captain , a rated copilot and a trainee pilot sitting on right seat . There is a female voice heard before the first May Day call informing engine failure . This female is talking about a recording and continues to be heard well after engine failure and May Day call . What is shocking is the voice continues to be heard even after the second Mayday call was made after over 3 minutes of initial call .
Various private TV channels have also reported that three months before this accident the Flight Operations had taken ATR out of Career Plan and hired pilots directly from outside airline and from within for command and copilot duties on contract . Why was this done ? Where was the rated Copilot and why did they not take over when engine failed ? Why was the crew involved in recording during course of operating a flight ? What is training record of all three pilots and who cleared them and allowed training of non-rated pilots on northern domestic routes ?
PIA needs to overhaul its top management and so must CAA , which is one of most profitable state owned organisations . Billions of rupees from tax payer funds have been given to keep afloat national airline facing losses of over Rs250 Billion . The purpose of state owned airline is to provide safe and convenient air travel facility to clients , not for the airline to become hostage to employees , with top executives holding office during LPR , obsessed with seeking contracts post retirement and victim of Conflict of Interest .
Gull Zaman
Peshawar
At Weybridge Orthodontics , Invisalign will correct misaligned teeth in Weybridge with discreet efficiency .
[ WEYBRIDGE , 3/7/2018 ] – This contemporary method of improving dental positioning uses a set of transparent dental aligners , custom-shaped for the individual patient . Weybridge Orthodontics delivers Invisalign in a way that blends with the patient 's lifestyle . The potential social awkwardness associated with wire-and-bracket braces is avoided with Invisalign . It 's a tactful and effective method suitable for mild-to-moderate misalignments .
Invisalign is kind to the Weybridge Orthodontics patient
The team at Weybridge Orthodontics is happy to discuss potential treatment with any patient considering Invisalign as a way forward . The adjustments provided by Invisalign can result in a real transformation of the patient 's dental function and aesthetics . Weybridge Orthodontics will consult the patient in detail to discover how Invisalign can bring about a long-term improvement in their overall dental wellbeing .
At the time of the consultation , Weybridge Orthodontics will capture precise 3D images of the patient 's teeth and mouth . These images will be used by the Invisalign laboratory to create a personalised set of transparent plastic aligners . During Invisalign treatment , the Weybridge Orthodontics patient will wear one pair of these appliances for 7-10 days , before discarding it for the following pair in the set . Typically , a transformation is achieved after 12-18 months .
Oral health bonuses
A key feature of Invisalign at Weybridge Orthodontics is its adaptability . The appliances do n't rely on cumbersome attachments . They can simply be removed from the patient 's mouth at mealtimes or when it 's time to use a toothbrush .
Treating dental misalignment with Invisalign at Weybridge Orthodontics will give the patient straighter teeth . This means that Invisalign makes a person 's smile more appealing . As well as this , straighter teeth perform their work more effectively , and are easier to clean . The Invisalign patient 's standard of oral hygiene may improve after treatment , and their risk of jaw strain may be reduced . These features will continue to benefit the patient long after their Invisalign treatment is over .
To help the Weybridge Orthodontics patient decide on their treatment , the team can show a simulation of the results before Invisalign begins . This helpful illustration allows the dentist to show the patient exactly how much improvement can be achieved , as well as how long it will take .
A car was engulfed in flames today ( 19 March ) near Pasadora Place . Fire Services and police personnel were on scene to extinguish the blaze . Cayman 27 understands there were no serious injuries . We reached out to the Fire Department , as well as , the RCIPS for more information there has been no response as yet .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
0 20-year-old bear attack survivor bitten by shark while surfing
POIPU , Hawaii - Dylan McWilliams loves nature , but nature does n't always love them back .
The 20-year-old Grand Junction , Colorado , resident was surfing off the Kauai coastline in Hawaii Thursday morning when they suddenly felt searing pain in their calf . They told the Honolulu Star-Advertiser that they looked down to see what appeared to be a tiger shark between 6 and 8 feet long .
“ At first , I panicked , ” McWilliams told the newspaper . “ I did n't know if I lost half my leg or what . ”
The panic gave way to their survival instinct , and they kicked the shark away as hard as they could . They began desperately swimming for shore , which they said was the scariest part of the ordeal .
“ I did n't know where the shark was , and I did n't know if they would come after me again , ” McWilliams said .
A woman who heard their cries for help called 911 once they reached shore and took them to an urgent care facility , where seven stitches were used to close the deep gashes in their leg .
McWilliams , who has worked as a tree trimmer , ranch hand and survival training instructor , shared the gory images on Facebook . Click here to see their post .
“ First time in the water in Kauai and get tagged by a shark , ” they said .
McWilliams ' friends were shocked by the encounter , in part because it is not the first time in the past year they have been attacked by a wild animal . CBS Denver reported that McWilliams , then 19 , was camping at Glacier View Ranch near Boulder in July when they were attacked by a 300-pound black bear .
“ Are you kidding me ? ” one Facebook friend asked . “ Dude , why do you always have animals wanting to eat you ? ”
> > Read more trending news
McWilliams relived their summer ordeal , which began when the bear grabbed them as they slept , following Thursday 's shark attack .
“ The bear grabbed the back of my head and started pulling me and I was fighting back as best as I could , ” McWilliams told Hawaii News Now . “ It dropped me and stomped on me a little bit , and I was able to get back to the group and they scared it away . ”
McWilliams said they were lucky to have survived not only the bear and the shark , but also to have survived a rattlesnake bite during a 2015 hike in Utah , the Star-Advertiser reported . The bite was a “ dry bite , ” which only delivered enough venom to make them ill for a couple of days .
National Geographic reported that the odds of one person being bitten by a shark , a bear and a rattlesnake are 893.35 quadrillion to one . An average American has a one in 11.5 million chance of being bitten by a shark .
A person is more likely to be attacked by a bear , with odds of one in 2.1 million , the magazine reported .
The odds of being bitten by a poisonous snake in the U.S. are one in 37,500 .
Some commenters on Facebook called McWilliams a “ legend ” for all he 's survived , while others chastised them for getting in the water when much of the island was under a “ brown water advisory , ” meaning that bad storms had turned much of the coastal waters brown .
Murky water is known to bring in sharks , who prowl the coastline looking for an easy meal .
“ Can tell he 's not from around here or they would have known that , ” one person wrote .
“ I guess no one told you that murky water attracts sharks , huh ? ” another man wrote .
“ It was actually mostly clear where I was , ” McWilliams responded .
“ ‘ Mostly ' is a key word in this situation , ” the man wrote back . “ But it looks like the island gods were ‘ mostly ' looking out for you . Speedy recovery , broheem . ”
McWilliams told Hawaii News Now that they do not plan on letting their encounter with the tiger shark keep them down .
“ I 'm just mad that I ca n't get back in the water for a couple days , ” they said .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Whenever Mika Zibanejad is cleared to play — and it now seems sooner rather than later — their return will trigger changes in the Rangers lineup .
The team 's No . 1 center , a force on the power play and with 11 goals and 22 points in 24 games before being shut down with concussion symptoms on Nov. 28 , skated Monday morning with their Rangers teammates , a positive sign .
Although they missed their sixth game , Zibanejad is hoping to practice Tuesday , but nothing is certain for the rising star , who has suffered previous concussions .
Zibanejad , 24 , was hesitant to compare this injury — generated by a high hit from Detroit 's Darren Helm on Nov. 24 — to others . “ I 've had a few , ” they said in their first comments since being shut down . “ But every one is different and I do n't try to compare it to anything else . ”
They did wonder whether they should n't have played against Vancouver on Sunday , Nov. 26 , when they were on ice for 17 minutes , 59 seconds .
“ I did n't feel great [ after the game on Friday the 24th ] , so we did the protocol , ” Zibanejad said . “ I felt pretty good [ Saturday ] throughout the day ; maybe I told myself I was feeling a little better than I was . Played Sunday and after that game I did n't feel good . Monday , the day off , cooled things down a bit and then Tuesday , I did n't feel right again and the decision was made by all of us to pull aside and see what was going on . Maybe I should n't have played Sunday , but it 's easy to be wise now afterward . ”
Before Monday 's game , the Rangers were 3-2 without Zibanejad and 2-for-18 on the power play , as David Desharnais stepped between Chris Kreider and Pavel Buchnevich . Presumably , Zibanejad will move into their former slot and one of the 13 forwards will be a spare . J.T . Miller , currently centering the third line , likely would move back to wing , with Desharnais centering that line or the fourth . But that fourth line , with Jimmy Vesey , Boo Nieves and Paul Carey has been solid .
Those moves could happen this weekend , when the Rangers play the Kings Friday and the Bruins Saturday . Zibanejad has not been cleared for contact yet , but described their conditioning as “ not too bad . I need a few practices to get it back . . . and should be good to go . ”
While the India launch date for the LG G6 has still not been announced by LG , the South Korean company has finally opened up the pre-registrations for the smartphone in India .
Interested users can , therefore , go to LG Indian official website and register for the said device . Pre-registrations is free and no fee is charged . However , one thing to note is that pre-registration is totally different from pre-booking . That being said , users can register by typing in their name , email , contact number and city on the registration page .
SEE ALSO : LG G6 releases in the Philippines ; Offers Harmon Kardon headset for every pre-order
LG , on the other hand , has n't announced the launch date for the smartphone in the country . Going by the earlier launch in South Korea , the phone was made available at a price of KRW 899,800 ( roughly Rs . 51,200 . The pricing could change so , for now , we just have to wait until the device goes official in the country .
Talking about the smartphone , the LG G6 features a 5.7-inch QHD+ ( 1440x2880 pixels ) FullVision display with an 18:9 ( or 2:1 ) aspect ratio instead of the industry standard ( 16:9 ) . The smartphone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 SoC coupled with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM . The LG G6 comes in two storage variants which are 32GB and 64GB . The storage can be expanded via microSD card up to 2TB . Further , the device runs Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box .
SEE ALSO : LG Harmony budget smartphone launched in the U.S .
As for the cameras , the new LG flagship smartphone has a dual-camera setup at the back . There are two 13-megapixel sensors , one for wide-angle shots with 125-degree lens and f/2.4 aperture , and the other for regular shots with 71-degree lens and OIS 2.0 . At the front , the G6 sports a 5-megapixel wide-angle lens with f/2.2 aperture and 100-degree lens .
The LG G6 is backed by 3300mAh battery . The smartphone measures 148.9x71.9x7.9mm and weigh 163 grams . Connectivity options included with the LG G6 are LTE-A 3 Band CA networks , Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac , Bluetooth v4.2 , NFC , and USB Type-C 2.0 . The smartphone will be available in Astro Black , Ice Platinum , and Mystic White color variants .
A Beamsville animal rescue group has launched a petition calling on the Ontario SPCA to re-open an animal cruelty investigation at a property where they say more than 100 cats were living and dozens more were dead .
Beamsville4Paw Rescue collected more than 225 signatures in person during a successful adopt-a-thon in Grimsby this weekend for some of the rescued kittens and cats from Merritt Road .
It 's also posted an online petition on its website and through Facebook .
“ People were outraged , ” said Pam Huson , owner of Beamsville4Paw Rescue . “ People were coming and giving me hugs . The petition line was out the door . You could n't even move . So many donations , so much support . ”
The Ontario SPCA told the Standard last Wednesday that it could n't move forward with an investigation or lay animal cruelty charges at the Merritt Road property due to lack of evidence .
Lincoln County Humane Society executive director Kevin Strooband said Monday if more evidence becomes available , the agency can still lay charges .
“ It 's still open because there 's no statute of limitations , ” they said .
Strooband said OSPCA officers did not see evidence of cruelty during their visits to the Merritt Road property . The agency has received photos from the rescue groups , but they said those pictures do n't show evidence required to lay charges either .
If the groups can provide more evidence required for a charge , Strooband said the OSPCA officers are willing to take it . “ They 've been less than forthcoming to this point , ” they said .
The Town of Lincoln does not have a bylaw limiting the number of cats a person can own or have at a residence .
Beamsville4Paw Rescue and Project Save-a-Cat 's Life say they rescued 100 cats , some pregnant with kittens on the way , and found another 150 deceased at the property , which was abandoned by a former tenant believed to be a cat hoarder .
Volunteers have been at the site every day since July 18 catching cats , some injured and many underweight , getting them medical attention and putting them in foster homes .
The story has triggered an outpouring of support from the community .
Huson said more people than expected showed up at Grimsby 's PetValu on Saturday and Sunday to adopt cats , sign the petition or make a donation .
“ They were crying , opening their hearts . It was truly amazing to see the community pull together , ” they said .
Members of Beamsville4Paw Rescue were hoping to adopt out 10 cats but people scooped up 30 .
Huson said the timing was good because one of the pregnant cats at a foster home gave birth on Sunday and they needed more room for newborns .
“ We may be doing the trapping but this is a community project . We would n't be able to do this without the public 's help . Without the people donating , without the people opening their doors for fosters , ” Huson said .
“ I love my community . I do n't think I 'd live anywhere else . The support that we 're getting , you could tell people love their animals . ”
Huson said another group of cats will be up for adoption at the store some time after Labour Day . But people do n't have to wait for the event to adopt and can view the cats at any time in their foster homes . All cats ready for adoption are expected to be listed on the www.beamsville4pawrescue.com website by this Thursday .
Meanwhile , the volunteers continue to visit the property trying to catch one or two stragglers , but believe they 've cleared all others .
“ I 'm amazed at our volunteers and the groups that we have , that in less than a month we have rescued a hundred-plus cats . Truthfully that is amazing and a half , ” Huson said .
“ That 's because of the public . I ca n't thank the public enough . I would n't be able to do it if they did n't open their hearts and their doors . ”
In addition to calling on the OSPCA to re-open its investigation , the rescue group 's petition is asking that the Lincoln County Humane Society be removed from all animal cruelty investigations within the Niagara region and from any services in the Grimsby community . The idea would be to bring in another agency .
Strooband said the Lincoln County Humane Society has done good work with animals in the area .
“ Because this group is not pleased with our decision to date , they want to change the policing of animals in their jurisdiction , which is n't appropriate , ” they said .
Strooband said if there are legitimate concerns , there is a complaint process on OSPCA 's website in the FAQ section . They said they welcome any questions .
“ We 're not concerned about their feelings of a lack of investigation , ” they said . “ We 're concerned that we have n't been provided evidence by them to properly do our jobs , almost to the point of obstructing us when they 're holding evidence they 're not turning over . ”
Volunteers have said they are willing to cooperate in any way they can and want to know what more they can provide .
kwalter @ postmedia.com
Follow @ karena_standard
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Former NBA All-star Baron Davis gives their impressions of seeing Zion Williamson and what NBA player Williamson reminds them of .
Sens . Neil Riser , R-Columbia , seated left ; J.P. Morrell , D-New Orleans , seated center ; and Dale Erdey , R-Livingston ; look through amendments to a tax bill on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baton Rouge , La . ( AP Photo/Melinda Deslatte ) la
According to a survey performed by the pollster SIFO , the Green Party has shed 1.3 percent more of its share of the national vote ; with its meager support of only 3.2 percent , it is effectively heading out of parliament , which maintains a threshold of 4 percent . Additionally , public confidence in Green Party leaders Gustav Fridolin and Isabella Lövin has dropped to 16 and 14 percent respectively , another survey by Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet and pollster Inizio suggested .
Half of the survey was carried out before the truck attack in Stockholm , and the other half was completed the following week . The outcome of the survey was therefore partly influenced by Greens spokesperson Gustav Fridolin , who made a surprising turnaround on the issue of illegal migrants .
In 2012 , the Green Party railroaded through a bill which provided undocumented refugees the right to fully or partially tax-funded health care . In the aftermath of the Stockholm truck attack , when it turned out that Uzbek terrorist Rakhmat Akilov had been scheduled for deportation , but remained in Sweden , Greens spokesperson Gustav Fridolin said that undocumented refugees should be `` sent away '' from Sweden .
`` These people [ illegal immigrants ] , who should n't be in Sweden , have to be removed , '' Gustav Fridolin told Swedish newspaper Skånska Dagbladet .
The Green Party also insisted that the Swedish Security Service should get money , and supported the electronic tagging of some people , who received expulsion decisions . This runs contrary to the previous commitments of Gustav Fridolin , who built their entire career on advocating free immigration and free welfare for all who come to Sweden . Previously , Fridolin even starred in a video clip to the song `` Pinsamt '' ( `` Embarrassing '' ) by the political reggae band Partiet , whose key line was `` No one is illegal . ''
This amazing U-turn has prompted Swedish social media users to sparkle in wit while jeering at Fridolin 's `` change of coat . '' One user posted a photo of Fridolin sporting a T-shirt that read `` Undocumented migrants finally the right to health care and schooling '' adding `` …and an ankle bracelet . ''
Miljöpartiets valaffischer börjar ta from — ett smakprov pic.twitter.com/wldOQJrgYy — Malin Lundgren ( @ konsensuseliten ) 14 апреля 2017 г .
​Another user recycled a previous photo of Fridolin making a heart gesture by adding the text `` And like this you fasten it around your ankle , '' referring to the electronic tagging proposed by Fridolin .
`` Och såhär fäster du den runt ankeln '' pic.twitter.com/MjyLmTQXvX — Teodor Koistinen ( @ TeodorKoistinen ) 14 апреля 2017 г .
​In recent years , the Swedish Green Party has favored the most liberal immigration policy of all the major Swedish parties . In 2015 , Sweden 's then-Deputy Prime Minister and Green Party leader Åsa Romson notoriously broke down into tears as they announced the government 's U-turn over the refugee crisis , as Sweden 's welfare system was inundated by tens of thousands of newcomers .
Could former Arsenal midfielder Mikel Arteta be the front-runner to succeed Arsene Wenger ?
It 's the gossip !
https : //t.co/senwOFuG84 pic.twitter.com/3SPbzG1Po5
WASHINGTON — Deb Waterman Johns worked as an assistant editor at Vogue during one of fashion 's most exciting times : the '80s .
“ Everything was fantasy . It was ‘ The Wolf of Wall Street , ' it was ‘ The Devil Wears Prada , ' and it was fantastic because it was surreal , ” they said .
Little did they know that a $ 3 plaid bag they purchased on Canal Street would change the course of their career from Manhattan editor to D.C. designer .
“ I came across a bag that was made out of an all-weather plastic woven — it 's like the bag you see on the street vendors in that black , red and white plaid . It 's not terribly attractive , but it 's highly functional , ” Waterman Johns explained .
They bought a few for a pop-up show , marked them up to $ 20 each and watched in awe as they disappeared within a few hours . A few months later while passing Helmut Lang 's store in Milan , they saw the same bag in the window .
“ This time , it had an open shape , leather bottom , great handles and it was $ 450 . I said , ‘ Wait a minute : Trends start at the top and the bottom and meet in the middle . ' ”
Waterman Johns decided they wanted to be that middle .
Fast-forward to 2004 : Waterman Johns , a mother of four living in Georgetown , launched a line of patterned all-weather woven bags , named after their dachshund , Scout . Them passion for fabric and design and their need for functionality and organization were the motivation behind their small startup .
Since then , the brand has grown to include everything from coolers , to backpacks , to storage solutions — many of which can be easily spotted at beaches and pools up and down the East Coast . This year , Waterman Johns and their team of 20 employees ( made of mostly women and their husband as CEO ) moved their District-based business into a larger , more visible showroom on 33rd Street NW .
“ This new space gives us a window to the outside world , ” Waterman Johns said .
“ The amount of street traffic that now comes through Georgetown to the lower part of Wisconsin has increased remarkably . When we moved here 27/28 years ago , a lot of that traffic was above M Street . ”
Thanks to new businesses on Grace Street , including Chaia , Grace Street Coffee and Dog Tag Bakery , along with the development of Cady 's Alley , more people are exploring the neighborhood along the canal and by the river . Waterman Johns is hoping they 'll catch a glimpse of SCOUT en route .
The showroom is not a retail location — SCOUT products are sold online and in about 1,600 boutiques across the country — but Waterman Johns does have plans to open it up to the public . So far , she 's hosted industry events and a pop-up shop , and has plans for more later this summer .
Part of Waterman Johns ' role as the company 's chief creative officer is to discover new patterns and designs for SCOUT 's growing line of products . They find inspiration in everything from wallpaper to fashion magazines , and then modifies and adapts them to fit the brand 's style .
Polka dots , stripes and tile patterns dominate SCOUT 's list of best sellers , and colors range from bright pinks to navy , white and gray .
Waterman Johns says in a town like D.C. where residents are always on the go , there will always be a need for bags . And now , more than ever , Washingtonians are open to experimenting with something beyond the basic black tote .
“ That is a little bit like swimming upstream , when you are talking about fashion and color in Washington , but , and I will say this again , thanks to Michelle Obama , the dialogue started again . People see fashion as attainable , and not just aspirational , ” Waterman Johns said .
“ At the end of the day , Washington is evolving . We are still a very serious town with serious causes , and that 's really important , but I think people travel a lot , move around a lot , have real balanced lives here — they want to have some fun . ”
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Drivers are facing delays this afternoon after a crash near Bubbenhall .
Traffic is forming on the northbound A445 after the crash near the junction with Watery Lane .
Police are currently at the scene directing traffic .
This is the second crash on the A445 near Bubbenhall today ( Wednesday July 4 ) .
Osborne Park worker being treated at Fiona Stanley Hospital The West Australian
An automotive workshop burst into flames , causing at least a million dollars in damage .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
March 19 ( UPI ) -- A shocked witness next to a Chinese road captured video of a woman driving a car that appeared to have been severely damaged in a fire .
The video , recorded on a road in Handan City , Hebei Province , shows the woman driving the car despite the body being covered in black marks that appear to be from fire damage .
The vehicle also appears to have lost all of its windows from the flames .
The rear of the car appears to have incurred even more severe damage , with parts of the body hanging off loosely .
“ Childhood Ruined ” is a multi-experience art show , as well as “ a full-on attack on all of your nostalgic senses. ” Fort Worth ( Texas ) Star-Telegram file photo
* Canadian dollar at C $ 1.3311 , or 75.13 U.S. cents * Bond prices slightly lower across the yield curve TORONTO , March 30 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Thursday to a nine-day high against its U.S. counterpart as prices of oil rose for a third straight day , offsetting broader gains for the greenback . U.S. crude prices were up 0.83 percent at $ 49.92 a barrel , supported by supply disruptions in Libya and lower output from other Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries exporters . Oil is one of Canada 's major exports . The U.S. dollar climbed against a basket of major currencies after U.S. fourth-quarter gross domestic product growth figures were revised higher and softer-than-expected readings for German inflation weighed on the euro . At 9:27 a.m . ET ( 1327 GMT ) , the Canadian dollar was trading at C $ 1.3311 to the greenback , or 75.13 U.S. cents , stronger than Wednesday 's close of C $ 1.3333 , or 75.00 U.S. cents . The currency 's weakest level of the session was C $ 1.3345 , while it touched its strongest since March 21 at C $ 1.3302 . The Wall Street Journal meanwhile reported that President Donald Trump 's administration is signaling to Congress that it would seek mostly modest changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement in upcoming negotiations with Mexico and Canada . Canada exports about 75 percent of its exports to the United States , and traders are closely following developments in U.S. trade policy . In domestic data , producer prices edged up 0.1 percent in February from January , which was less than the 0.3 percent increase analysts had expected . Still , the year-on-year gain picked up to 3.5 percent from 2.5 percent . On Friday , Canada issues January GDP data , expected by economists to rise 0.3 percent . That could set the stage for a stronger performance in the first quarter than initially expected . ( Reporting by Fergal Smith , Editing by W Simon )
The entire collection is valued at between 1,500 and 1,800 euro .
The Brussels auction house Arenberg Auction told VRT News that “ The biggest part of the collection ( 1,885 pictures ) are photographs of King Leopold III and Queen Astrid . Above all they are of great historical value ” .
In addition to there are also 650 photographs of the late King Boudewijn and Queen Fabiola . There are also 110 prints of King Albert and Queen Paola and 700 photographs of funerals , royal visits and family activities .
The photographs probably originate from the court photographer or someone else that had access to the Belgian Royal Court .
The entire collection is expected to fetch between 1,500 and 1,800 euro .
“ A collection of photographs of our royal family of this size can be called exceptional . We are expecting there to be quite a lot of interest ” , auction expert Henri Godts told VRT News . The auction will be held on Tuesday 10 October . Between now and then viewing will at the Horta Auction House in Schaarbeek ( Brussels ) .
Days later and fans of Beyoncé are still discussing their losing Album of the Year at the 59th annual Grammy Awards , including their sister . Solange Knowles took to their Twitter account to voice their displeasure with their older sister losing AOTY and with the Grammys in general , despite winning their first Grammy during Sunday night 's show for their album A Seat at the Table .
Many notable artists have been very vocal throughout the years about the racism , discrimination and out-of-touch ideals that seem to plague the Grammys , with the most vocal being the 21-time Grammy-winning Kanye West . West let their opinion be known numerous times , but this year other artists publicly echoed their sentiments , including Frank Ocean , who wrote a scathing post on Tumblr , and most recently Solange Knowles .
After Adele decided to use their AOTY acceptance speech as a chance praise Beyoncé , complete with breaking their award in half as a gesture to share it , many Beyoncé fans voiced their disappointment on social media , Solange included .
In a series of tweets that have since been deleted , Solange took the time to not only acknowledge their sister 's loss , but also offer an awards alternative :
“ There have only been two black winners in the last 20 years for Album of the Year . There have been over 200 black artists who have performed . Create your own committees , build your own institutions , give your friends awards , award yourself , and be the gold you wan na hold my g 's . ”
You can check out a screen shot of Solange 's deleted tweets BELOW :
sad Solange deleted their apt Grammys criticism but here it is again : `` create your own commitees… award yourself . '' pic.twitter.com/Dqm3cu6D83 — Jill Krajewski ( @ JillKrajewski ) February 13 , 2017
Check out today 's Top Stories here :
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2926932/black-love-valentines-day/
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2926917/kel-mitchell-wife-pregnant/
Also On The Chicago Defender :
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. — Jack Morris , known for their tough-guy demeanor on the mound , showed a much different side Monday when both they and Tigers teammate Alan Trammell were presented as the two newest members of the Hall of Fame at baseball 's winter meetings .
Morris and Trammell failed to get the 75 percent vote required from the BBWAA to gain entrance to Cooperstown during their 15 years on the regular ballot . But the Detroit duo were granted a second chance through the Modern Era committee — a 16-member panel made up of former players , executives ( including Mets GM Sandy Alderson ) and media .
For Morris , the emotions of waiting so long were too hard to contain once they put on the Hall jersey , their voice cracking often . Occasionally , Morris had to pause to collect himself , even while questioning the game 's reliance on advanced metrics that previously undermined their place in history .
“ You want all the writers to know that I 'm not mad at any of you. ” Morris said . “ I appreciate and understand how difficult it had to be . I finally grew up and learned that there are reasons I maybe did n't deserve to be in . I was n't born and raised in the analytics that are in the game today . None of it was a part of the game when we played . I always found it puzzling to wonder why I 'm being judged on a criterion that did n't even exist while we played , but it is what it is . ”
Morris finished with 254 victories , and their career 3.90 ERA is now the highest of any pitcher in Cooperstown . But it was their postseason magnificence for World Series winners in Detroit and Toronto that nudged them over the top , as well as their reputation as a “ big-game pitcher , ” a moniker that does n't really fly with the analytics crowd .
For Trammell , it was just the opposite . They batted .285 and hit only 185 home runs , but their defensive metrics , particularly in pairing with long-time double-play partner Lou Whitaker , was a strength along with a .352 on-base percentage . They also are the MVP of the 1984 World Series . Like Morris , Trammell even suggested it was more gratifying being rewarded by the Modern Era committee because it included former players , including Hall of Famers George Brett , Rod Carew , Dennis Eckersley , Don Sutton , Dave Winfield and Robin Yount .
“ I believe it 's even better , ” Trammell said . “ When I ranked myself as a player , I thought I could do a lot of things well , but . . . there was n't one thing that just was at the top . But I think that 's part of the criteria when you look at all the ingredients of becoming a Hall of Famer is a well-rounded player , and that 's just who I was . I could n't be anybody else . ”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Both Morris and Trammell also were asked about Marvin Miller — the late MLBPA chief who revolutionized the game 's salary structure — again being a notable thumbs-down by the committee . They disagreed with the verdict .
“ All I can say is I owe them a great bit , ” Morris said . “ My life changed because of their hard work to put us on the map , and I think there 's a whole generation of people playing the game today that have no idea what they did to help us , and that 's a regret . I hope they take the time to learn who they are , what they did .
“ I realize there 's friction between them and ownership . They made it hard on them . That 's human nature . We do n't always see the same way . But baseball has changed dramatically because of Marvin Miller , whether you want to like them or not . ”
By The Associated Press
CAIRO ( AP ) — Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Cairo for talks with their Egyptian counterpart on their two countries ' rapidly expanding ties .
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi , who has visited Russia three times since 2014 , gave Putin an official reception at Cairo 's airport Monday . It 's the Russian president 's second visit to Egypt since 2015 .
Putin stopped earlier in the day at a Russian military air base in Syria .
Since taking office in 2014 , el-Sissi has bought billions of dollars ' worth of Russian weapons , including fighter jets and assault helicopters .
Advertisement
Russia and Egypt are also negotiating the construction by a Russian company of Egypt 's first nuclear reactor .
Last month , Russia approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow Russian warplanes to use Egyptian military bases — a sign of Russia 's growing Mideast footprint .
In late 2013 , Apple iPhone 5c , a colorful iPhone with a plastic build was unveiled and it looked very different than the others those feature a metal build . Apparently , the iPhone 5c was more affordable than the rest of the models .
Imagine the same to happen with the iPhone X with a new colorful variant called iPhone Xc . It looks like Apple building a plastic phone in 2018 might not come to reality but the latest concept renders created by the well-known designer Martin Hajek with a good reputation of creating great Apple concepts has imagined such an iPhone via iDropNews .
The idea of the iPhone Xc similar to the iPhone 5c shows a glossy plastic finish with neon colors . It also carries the overall iPhone X styling including the notch . One of the benefits of such an imaginary iPhone Xc with a plastic and colorful build is that users need not worry about the glass back that is prone to cracking . Also , it will not be as expensive as the regular iPhone X and will not attract a hefty repair fee for cracked back . The colorful plastic back panel will also let the users skip spending on a protective case as the colors are cheerful .
Besides this , the iPhone Xc is seen sporting a Truedepth Camera for the Animoji and Face ID capabilities . Also , the device is said that there will be support for wireless charging despite the lack of a glass back . It is said that wireless charging will conflict only with metal backs and that both plastic and glass would support the feature well .
It goes without saying that a cheaper iPhone with support for wireless charging will be a great selling point . The iPhone Xc is said to feature an LCD display instead of an OLED display as seen in the iPhone X as the former will be less expensive . Moreover , an affordable iPhone Xc will be needed for Apple to increase its market share as the company is losing ground to the Android rivals those are more powerful and less expensive in some countries such as India and China .
The report does not stop with this as it goes on speculating about the pricing of the phone too . It is said that the iPhone Xc might be priced between $ 449 and $ 549 based on the display technology and other features .
Tiffany Haddish hosted Saturday Night Live in November and while the Girls Trip star had numerous memorable moments on camera—she made a hilarious joke about rewearing their $ 4,000 Alexander McQueen dress—it 's their friendship with Taylor Swift that 's making waves .
The pop star was the musical guest for Haddish 's episode , and since their encounter , Haddish has indeed been over to Swift 's home for dinner . In a recent interview during Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen , Haddish revealed what they think is one thing no one knows about Swift .
The results ? That she 's a low-key burgeoning photographer . “ She has those Polaroids , them old-school 1980s Polaroid cameras all over , and they take lots of pictures and makes these really beautiful collages , ” they said .
Haddish also described what it was like to meet Swift for the first time , who sounds as though they were nothing but sweet .
RELATED : 5 Reasons to Love Girls Trip Star Tiffany Haddish
“ When they came in , they came immediately into my room and was like , ‘ I love your comedy , I 've been watching you , I know all of your stuff , ' and they start quoting jokes from like 10 years ago and I was like , ‘ Oh , I like this b— ! ' ”
Thanks for the new deets , Tiffany !
The underground passageway where an alleged terrorist exploded a pipebomb during the Monday rush hour is a key component of one of the transportation nerve centers of New York City , a spot where hundreds of thousands of people converge every day as they hustle to work .
Right upstairs , the Port Authority bus terminal on 8th Avenue between 40th and 42nd streets is the largest in the nation and one of the busiest bus terminals in the world , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
The passageway , running along 41st Street between 8th Avenue and Times Square , feeds commuters from New Jersey into the city 's web of subway lines . It 's also a transfer point between two of the city 's main subway systems .
Bombing suspect Akayed Ullah , 27 , of Brooklyn , “ picked their spot well ” if their goal was creating mass mayhem and terror , said Martin Robins of the Alan M. Voorhees Transportation Center at Rutgers University . “ Happily they did n't cause the kind of damage that they could have done potentially . ”
John Raskin of the Riders Alliance , a grassroots organization of subway and bus riders in New York , said , “ This is probably one of the corridors in the city with the most foot traffic , just because it is a key part of so many people 's commutes . ”
The non-descript passageway , a drab tile and concrete corridor with no stores , connects the bus station and its nearby subway A , C and E lines on 8th Avenue with the Times Square subway station on 7th Avenue .
The Times Square station has stops for the 1 , 2 and 3 subway lines , while the Queens-bound No . 7 train is nearby . Also there is the subway shuttle connecting Times Square with Grand Central Station . Not far away are the N , Q , R and W trains .
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday 's Breaking News alerts in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
“ The Times Square-42nd Street subway station is one of the busiest transit spots in the Western Hemisphere , right up there with Penn Station and Grand Central , ” Raskin said .
The Port Authority estimates there are about 220,000 passenger trips and more than 7,000 bus movements in the aging terminal each day .
“ People can come out of the Port Authority bus terminal and get into the web of passageways and stay out of the rain and the snow and the cold and get into the subway system , ” Robins said .
Port Authority explosion witness describes scene
William Henderson , head of the MTA 's Permanent Citizens Advisory Committee , said the attack “ is something that everybody can relate to . It 's scary . You could be on your normal commute on the way in and be a target . ”
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia ( AP ) — Cambodia 's government on Friday took initial legal steps to dissolve the country 's main opposition party , the latest in a series of moves to gain an advantage ahead of next year 's general election .
Interior Ministry spokesperson Khieu Sopheak said the ministry filed a lawsuit with the Supreme Court asking for the Cambodia National Rescue Party to be dissolved on the grounds that it was involved in a plot to topple the government .
The court is likely to uphold the complaint , since the country 's court system is widely considered to be under the political influence of the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen .
“ This is a strongman 's coup d'etat , with Hun Sen shamelessly transforming themselves into a dictator for the whole world to see , ” said Phil Robertson , deputy Asia director for Human Rights Watch .
The CNRP is the only party aside from the ruling Cambodian People 's Party with representatives in parliament , and no third party comes close in terms of popularity and support . The CNRP posed an unexpectedly strong challenge in 2013 's general election and the government has since taken steps to tighten its grip on power .
Khieu Sopheak said the government had received “ 21 pieces of concrete evidence to prove that the opposition party has intentionally sought to topple the government through a ‘ color revolution . ' ” Hun Sen and their supporters have repeatedly warned that the type of pro-democracy popular movements that arose in the former Soviet Union and the Balkans in the early 2000s would cause chaos in Cambodia .
The CNRP has denied seeking to unlawfully or violently overthrow the government , saying the charge is politically motivated .
If the Supreme Court finds the opposition party guilty of violating the Political Party Law , not only would it be dissolved , but its leaders would be banned from involvement in politics for five years .
The ministry acted after it received complaints from two parties with no lawmakers in parliament that are generally believed to have been acting at the government 's behest .
CNRP leader Kem Sokha was charged last month with treason for allegedly working with the United States to stage a “ color revolution ” to oust Hun Sen , who has held power for more than three decades .
Their arrest has sharply escalated political tensions and raised questions over whether the upcoming elections could be free and fair .
“ With this move , Prime Minister Hun Sen and the ruling CPP are killing Cambodian democracy by turning the July 2018 election into a bad joke , ” Robertson said . “ The government 's narrative that the opposition CNRP is leading a ‘ color revolution ' is yet another dimension of the politically motivated lie used to justify a crackdown on anyone who dares make critical comments about the government . ”
Although they are being detained pending trial , a message posted on Kem Sokha 's Facebook page reacted to Friday 's move by the government , saying that : “ No other power can overcome the power of the will of the people . May the Cambodian compatriots unite in demanding justice for all Cambodians . ”
Other opposition politicians were keeping a low profile and could not immediately be contacted .
The charge against Kem Sokha was based on videos from several years ago that showed them at a seminar where they spoke about receiving advice from U.S. pro-democracy groups . They could face up to 30 years in prison .
Kem Sokha had been expected to lead the CNRP in next year 's election in a strong challenge against the ruling party .
In nationwide local elections in June , Hun Sen 's Cambodian People 's Party won most constituencies but received a weak majority of the popular vote , while the opposition party made gains .
In the past month , Hun Sen and their party have accelerated the use of legal and administrative measures to undermine critics and political foes .
After Kem Sokha 's arrest last month , Hun Sen warned that the CNRP was at risk of being dissolved .
“ If this party continues to protect and defend this traitor , it means this party is also involved in treasonous acts and there is no need to allow this party to exist in our democratic society , ” Hun Sen said in a speech . They said it did not matter if one party was dissolved because many other parties would take part in the election .
In other recent moves tightening the grip of their government , an independent English-language newspaper , The Cambodia Daily , was shut down after being accused of not paying a huge tax bill — an assessment it strongly disputed . More than a dozen radio stations that broadcast dissident voices or used programming from the U.S. government-funded Voice of America and Radio Free Asia were forced to stop broadcasting for alleged breach of regulations .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
0:35 Lawyer of arrested Fort Worth mom makes statement about neighbor Pause
0:42 Fort Worth police dash cam video of July shooting
1:31 Mother released from jail after calling police to report assault
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:19 Ezekiel Elliott focused on wins , not records
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
New Delhi : The Board of Control for Cricket in India announced their 15-man squad for limited overs series against Sri Lanka , and while many thought that the return of veterans Yuvraj Singh and Suresh Raina could be possible , the selection committee instead included a few youngsters in the squad .
Spinners Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja along with pace spearhead Mohammed Shami were rested from the five one-day internationals and a single Twenty20 starting next week .
Former captain and wicketkeeper-batsman Mahendra Singh Dhoni retained their place in the side that witnessed seven changes from their tour of the West Indies in June-July .
The 35-year-old Yuvraj , who scored only 57 runs in three ODIs against West Indies , is fast losing favour as the team ` s middle order mainstay .
The flamboyant left-handed all-rounder , who is a two-time World Cup winner , has represented India in 304 ODIs since making their debut against Kenya in 2000 .
Such was the case with Raina as well , who was seen working hard on regaining fitness in bid to force a move back in India 's limited overs squad .
After being overlooked in the roster , Raina posted a cryptic message on instagram .
A post shared by Suresh Raina ( @ sureshraina3 ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 12:20pm PDT
Batsman Manish Pandey , who recently led India A to a tri-series triumph in South Africa , returned to the team along with Test opener Lokesh Rahul .
Rookie spinners Axar Patel , who was added in the Test squad as cover for suspended Jadeja , and Yuzvendra Chahal made the cut .
Jasprit Bumrah and uncapped Shardul Thakur will bolster the pace attack along with the experienced Bhuvneshwar Kumar .
Squad
Virat Kohli ( Captain ) , Shikhar Dhawan , Rohit Sharma ( vice captain ) , Lokesh Rahul , Manish Pandey , Ajinkya Rahane , Kedar Jadhav , Mahendra Singh Dhoni ( wk ) , Hardik Pandya , Axar Patel , Kuldeep Yadav , Yuzvendra Chahal , Jasprit Bumrah , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Shardul Thakur .
( With AFP inputs )
Related Coverage 3-D printing braces up sea turtle with gap in its shell
BRIDGEPORT , Conn. ( AP ) — A Connecticut zoo is welcoming the addition of two tiger cubs .
Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport said Monday that its 10-year-old Amur tiger , Changbai , gave birth Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs , but only two survived . The surviving female cubs were taken from Changbai when they showed no interest in taking care of them .
The 2-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the zoo hospital . Staff is hand-feeding the cubs five times a day .
Related Content : 3-D printing braces up sea turtle with gap in its shell
The zoo says one of the four kittens had been found unresponsive after birth and a second kitten died later that night .
Director Gregg Dancho says every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive .
The zoo says Amur tigers , also known as Siberian tigers , are very rare .
They have been seen as a cricket commentator , and now Mandira Bedi is set to feature in a poetic avatar in Vodka Diaries . They say their character adds charm to the film 's entertainment quotient .
“ This is a suspense thriller movie and my poetic avatar will add a charm to the entertainment quotient of the movie . People will see me like never before , ” Mandira said in a statement .
In the movie , Mandira will be seen with Kay Kay Menon . According to a source close to the actor , Mandira has a good command over voice modulation , so it was easy for them to deliver dialogues — written by well-known poet Aalok Shrivastav during the shoot .
Trending :
The Shanti actor is also fond of veteran writer Gulzar 's works and they listen to their poems and songs often online . The shoot of Vodka Diaries took place in Manali and the location helped them enhance their performance too .
Vodka Diaries is about a police officer who attempts to solve a series of mysterious murders happening in a single night , which might be connected to the night club Vodka Diaries .
Raima Sen and Sharib Hashmi are the other actors in the film , being made under the banner of K'Scope Entertainment Pvt Ltd. Vishal Karkera is the producer and Kushal Srivastava , former assistant to Border director J.P. Dutta , is the director .
Mandira Bedi was last seen in O Teri which was a disaster at the box office . The film also featured Pulkit Samrat and Bilal Amrohi . The film has been noted to have similarities with the 1983 Bollywood film Jaane Bhi Do Yaroo .
Are you excited about this one ? Let us know in the comment section below !
SEDGWICK COUNTY – A small crowd attended a rally at the Old Wichita Courthouse Sunday evening in Solidarity with those injured or killed in the Charlottesville protests .
The Peace and Social Justice Center of South Central Kansas invitation indicated the rally was an effort to stand up to racism , fascism and hate and to support equality and human rights .
Former Kansas democrat congressional candidate James Thompson and Larry Burks , president of the Wichita chapter of the NAACP addressed the crowd . Groups also held rallies in Topeka and Pittsburg Kansas , according to a social media report .
Protesters decrying hatred and racism say they felt compelled to gather and counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia .
The gatherings Sunday spanned from anti-fascist protests in San Francisco to a march to President Donald Trump 's home in New York .
In Seattle , police arrested three men as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown .
In Denver , several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles ( 3.22 kilometers ) to the state Capitol .
In New York , protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower , demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups .
A crowd gathered for a vigil in Charlottesville , Virginia , on the street where a day earlier a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters , killing one .
– The AP contributed to this report
ALEXANDRIA , Va. — A bystander captured the moment a gunman opened fire Wednesday morning on Republicans at a baseball practice for a charity baseball game in Alexandria , Virginia .
Noah Nathan was walking their dog when they passed by the field where the GOP congressional baseball team was practicing , CNN reported . After the first shot , they started recording on their cell phone .
“ Where is this guy ? ” Nathan can be heard yelling . “ Do we know where he 's at ? ” they ask as gunshots continue .
“ He 's behind home plate , ” someone answers .
“ The guy that 's been shot , is they OK ? Is anyone talking to him ? ” Nathan asks .
That man lying in the outfield is believed to be Rep. Steve Scalise , the House majority whip , CNN reported . The member of congress is now in critical condition .
After almost five minutes , it 's silent . Someone can be seen rushing to Scalise 's side .
Nathan gave their cell phone to police in case their video can help with the investigation , CNN reported .
HIGHLIGHTS Circle of life provides new perspective
Hannah is no longer a “ girl ” but a mom , woman and an adult
By now , we 've all become used to the series wrap that reduces all that came before to a pile of smoking rubble . “ Girls , ” gratefully ( thankfully ) avoided the rubble pile . Ending at six seasons , and with an episode entitled “ Latching , ” this one skillfully removed Hannah ( Lena Dunham ) from the hyperbaric chamber of their own head -- a newborn will do that -- and concluded in a surprisingly sweet , genial place . Some viewers always suspected “ Girls ” was a sentimentalist at heart . Sunday was confirmation .
If you have n't seen , and want to avoid the spoilers , then avoid this review . ( But just in case you do care to proceed , I will try to be somewhat vague . ) Otherwise , onward : “ Girls ” ended as “ Girls ” began , but with the circle of life turning to reveal a fresh perspective , along with a new point of view that enriches the newfound perspective . “ Girls ” could n't go on beyond Sunday night because Hannah is no longer a “ girl ” but a mom , woman , and an adult finally embracing adulthood .
Vague enough ?
Now , to specifics : “ Latching ” was about latching with their baby , Grover , who refused to accept their nipple to breastfeed , setting in motion all of the inherent , neurotic impulses that make Hannah so uniquely Hannah . At first , she 's concerned , then fearful , finally resentful . ( How DARE he ) . The series began with Marnie ( Allison Williams ) in bed , asleep , in a spooning position next to Hannah , and the series ended on the same image . Marnie awakens to tell Hannah she 's them one true friend because she 's the only one actually there in bed with them They want to help raise the new baby with Hannah ( who knows a good deal when they hear of one ) . All three then head upstate ( I 'm guessing somewhere north of Rhinebeck and south of Hudson , on the eastern side of the river ) where they proceed to nest .
Getting Hannah out of Brooklyn to a bucolic upstate idyll is the metaphoric equivalent of getting them out of that cluttered head of hers . But also recall that like “ Seinfeld , ” every time “ Girls ” left the city for the country , disaster followed . This time was different . The farce -- a good one -- was watching Hannah navigate the complexities of new motherhood and breast-feeding .
The enduring image -- a funny one -- was the sight of Hannah outside their house , outfitted with a pair of breast pumps that looked like a couple of flugelhorns sticking out of their chest . Marnie got the best line out of the moment , and one of the best lines of the episode : “ Alright , Ghostbuster ... . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“ Girls ” wrapped with just three key cast members -- Hannah , Marnie and Hannah 's mother , Loreen Horvath ( Becky Ann Baker ) – and in hindsight , it 's easy to see why . Marnie and Hannah were always the best together , or funniest together . Their intimacy and friendship were bonded by a sense of mutual inadequacy . In Marnie , Hannah saw the “ perfect girl , ” with the perfect face , perfect life , perfect body . In Hannah , Marnie saw someone with brains , substance , gravitas . The joke was just how wrong each of them was about the other .
But the story of “ Girls ” was also the story of Loreen . This all began with her , as well , sitting across Hannah at a dinner in some New York restaurant and informing them that the purse strings were about to be finally severed . Over six seasons , Baker skillfully morphed Loreen into “ Girls ' ” most fully realized character after Hannah -- their alcoholism , their rage , and finally , Sunday night , their wisdom were all part of a portrait that grounded this series , and made it better than it sometimes was . They are n't just Hannah 's “ future foretold , ” but Hannah 's mother , and in some elemental way that only mothers can be , they were Hannah herself .
There were two great scenes Sunday . The first : Hannah offers their jeans and shoes to a girl who has come running , screaming , out of a house half-dressed , and who -- it turned out -- had been running from a tyrannical mother demanding they finish their history homework . Hannah then demanded back their jeans . How dare this callow ingrate and brat not understand what mothers must do for their children ? And when the teen took off with their jeans and shoes , Hannah offered this parting shot : “ So you run , you little harlot , but life is going to chase after you with problems you ca n't even imagine ... . ”
The other scene followed immediately , when Hannah -- pantless , shoeless -- arrives home , with Marnie and Loreen seated on the doorstep .
Mom : “ What happened to your pants ? ”
Hannah : “ I know what you think . ”
Loreen hands their glass of wine to Hannah , who then goes inside to attend a crying baby . “ Latching ” in this episode was really about the bond of a mother to a daughter , conferring dignity and beauty to that most special of relationships . “ Girls ” was always about growing , and becoming , but growing and becoming who ? A self-aware , empathetic adult , of course . It was a lovely way to end this journey .
TORONTO — A number of laws passed by Ontario 's previous Liberal government have been put on hold by the newly elected Progressive Conservative regime , including measures to tighten rules around vaping and to cap resale values for sports and concert tickets .
A spokesperson for the Progressive Conservatives said Wednesday the new government , which was sworn on Friday , wants more time to consult and examine the laws before they come into effect .
Simon Jefferies said the government will delay the implementation of new rules around vaping , which would have regulated the activity in much the same way as smoking .
`` The government will work with the public , experts , and businesses to re-examine the evidence related to vaping as a smoking cessation tool to ensure that any changes are in the best interests of everyone and protect Ontarians ' health and safety , '' they said in a statement .
Halting the new regulations will not change the current provisions in the Smoke Free Ontario Act and the Electronic Cigarettes Act , they said .
Maria Papaioannoy-Duic , spokesperson for the Vapor Advocates of Ontario , lauded Premier Doug Ford and new Health Minister Christine Elliott for the move .
Vaping advocates have argued that the activity is safer than smoking and moves people from the toxic chemicals found in tobacco to an alternative , which can help them break their habit .
`` We 're excited that the government ... ( has ) recognized our efforts and have paused the implementation of these regulations , '' they said in a statement . `` We have the utmost confidence that they are going to look at the regulations based on science and not guesswork . ''
The government also confirmed Wednesday it has delayed a law which would have capped sports and concert ticket resale prices at 50 per cent above original face value will not immediately move ahead .
`` The previous government attempted to institute a cap on ticket resales with no way to enforce that cap , resulting in less consumer protection , '' Jefferies said . `` We have paused the implementation of this section until we can review this provision in full to make sure it is in the best interest of Ontarians . ''
New Delhi : India ` s antitrust watchdog on Wednesday imposed a fine of Rs 870 million ( USD 13.6 million ) on South Korean automaker Hyundai Motor Co 's local unit , accusing the company of anti-competitive behaviour .
The Competition Commission of India in its order alleged that Hyundai Motor India Limited ( HMIL ) contravened competitive practices by imposing certain arrangements upon its dealers including monitoring the maximum permissible discount level and mandating the use of recommended lubricants and oils .
The penalty has been levied at 0.3 percent of Hyundai Motor India ` s average relevant turnover of the preceding three years , the anti-competition watchdog said .
`` For the purposes of determining the relevant turnover for the impugned infringement , revenue from sale of motor vehicles alone have been taken into account , '' the watchdog said , adding the final order was passed on the basis of information provided by the dealers .
Hyundai , in a late night statement , said they were surprised by the order and were looking into the matter .
`` We are studying the order in detail and will take necessary course of action to challenge the order at appropriate level to protect the interest of our customers and channel partners by abiding ( by ) all the laws of land , '' Hyundai said .
The Salvation Army Northwest Division announced Friday that the thrift store on10th Avenue South will be closing its doors as of October 31st .
The store has been in operation for over 25 years and the owner , Major Mark King said , `` making the decision to close this store and consolidate operations was a difficult one . We 've been apart of the Eastside community for a decade , however , the success of our community programs depends on the success of the store , and we simply can not jeopardize those programs . ''
They said due to operational expenses and sales dropping they were forced to shut down . All focus will now be on at the main store on 1st Ave NW but employees will not lose their jobs but instead be transferred to the main store .
At this time , future possible location in Great Falls depends on many factors , including economics , location , and resources.The store will operate as usual until its closing and also will continue to take donations .
WASHINGTON — She 's a four-time Academy Award nominee and two-time Golden Globe winner who 's worked with some of the biggest names in showbiz .
Now , Marsha Mason stars in Lillian Hellman 's “ Watch on the Rhine ” at Arena Stage through March 5 .
“ It is a play that Lilian Hellman wrote about the rise of fascism in Germany at that time , ” Mason told WTOP during a visit to the Glass-Enclosed Nerve Center . “ We have a suspenseful , political , domestic [ production ] and there 's a lot of humor in it as well , so I think there 's a little bit for everybody . ”
Set in Washington , D.C. in 1940 , the play follows German engineer Kurt Muller ( Andrew Long ) and their American wife Sara ( Lise Bruneau ) , who have been raising their three children in Europe . Upon the outbreak of World War II , the Muller family travels to D.C. to stay with Sara 's wealthy relatives , the Farrellys , including brother David ( Thomas Keegan ) and mother Fanny ( Marsha Mason ) .
“ [ Fanny ] comes from the Washington social scene , ” Mason said . “ Her husband was an ambassador and lecturer , and their entire family has been a part of that D.C. social environment . … There 's a line where Kurt says to me , ‘ Madame Fanny ! It is no longer the world you knew ! ' The arc of my character and family … is we become aware and informed and have to take a stand . ‘ Will we ? ' is the question . ”
But conflict arises when another house guest , penniless Romanian count Teck de Brancovis ( J. Anthony Crane ) , conspires with the Germans . Snooping around the Mullers ' bedroom , they find a locked suitcase holding a gun and $ 23,000 to finance underground resistance operations in Germany .
Born in New Orleans before moving to New York , Hellman originally wrote “ Watch on the Rhine ” in 1939 , just as Hitler invaded Poland . By the time the play hit Broadway on April 1 , 1941 , it was still months before Pearl Harbor , meaning the United States had not yet entered World War II . Just like Humphrey Bogart 's Rick Blaine in “ Casablanca ” ( 1942 ) , Hellman did n't know the outcome of the war .
“ America 's position at that time was much more isolationist , ” Mason said . “ When I come home after the play at night , I ca n't go to sleep right away , so I was trolling through Netflix and [ found ] ‘ Foyle 's War , ' a series about what was happening in England during that time . … They did n't tell the American public what was really going on in Europe … and because of the Treaty of Versailles , we also were partly responsible for the devastation that happened to Germany , which did give the rise to Hitler . ”
While “ Watch on the Rhine ” was a play of its time , it still has plenty of relevance in today 's politics .
“ There 's a line in the show that gets applause every single night that we do it — because it is so contemporary to what 's happening — and the line is : ‘ We do n't turn away refugees , ' ” Mason said . “ We have to be really , really careful and we have to demand from the journalists the truth about what 's really happening everywhere . It 's very difficult now , because we do have ‘ fake news , ' but there are a lot of resources at our feet that they did n't have in those days and we have to become more active . ”
Such a poignant production is only made possible by Arena Stage 's ongoing Lillian Hellman series .
“ I think you have to really give [ credit to ] Molly Smith , ” Mason said . “ She is just one of the best artistic directors in the country . They have great vision , they really thinks about it and it was their idea [ to have the festival ] . About a year and a half ago , we did a reading of both ‘ The Little Foxes ' and ‘ Watch on the Rhine ' to see what they sounded like around a table , then they put together this fabulous festival . ”
Fittingly , it was Hellman 's husband Dashiell Hammett ( “ The Maltese Falcon ” ) who adapted the play into the Oscar-winning 1943 film starring Bette Davis . Mason can relate , as they and ex-husband Neil Simon cranked out numerous hit plays and movies during their 10-year marriage from 1973-1983 .
“ Neil and I had a phenomenal relationship , personally as well as professionally , ” Mason said . “ Not a lot of married couples can work together , but I guess we both had such respect for each other 's talent , they for mine and mine for his . We had the best time . We just had the best time working together . ”
It all began on Broadway when they were cast by Simon in their original work “ The Good Doctor ” ( 1973 ) .
“ I showed up for the first day of rehearsal and we were all seated around a big table on the stage of the [ Eugene ] O'Neill Theatre that they happened to own , ” Mason said . “ During the break , they came around to the back of my chair and put their hands on my shoulders . I reached up and patted their hand , and it was such a shockingly familiar thing . It really unnerved me . I had to excuse myself and go to the ladies room and go , ‘ Wow , what was that ? ' We wound up being chemically attracted almost instantly . ”
That happened on Oct. 3 and the two were married three weeks later — much to the joy of Simon 's daughters , who had recently lost their birth mother to cancer . Professionally , Simon penned three of Mason 's four Oscar-nominated movie roles , the first of which came for “ Cinderella Liberty ” ( 1973 ) , playing a prostitute who falls for a Navy sailor ( James Caan ) . The role won Mason their first Golden Globe .
“ I never thought I would be in the movies , ” Mason said . “ Twentieth Century Fox liked the picture so much and really felt strong about the performances from both of us that they rushed it out that year , so I wound up having two pictures coming out the same year and getting nominated . All the while , I could n't go to the Golden Globes , because I was doing ‘ The Good Doctor ' [ on Broadway ] . ”
Four years later , they won their second Golden Globe in Simon 's “ The Goodbye Girl ” ( 1977 ) , playing an unemployed dancer who moves in with a struggling off-Broadway actor ( Richard Dreyfuss ) along with their 10-year-old daughter . Dreyfuss won the Oscar , while Mason earned their second nomination .
“ It was fabulous , ” Mason said . “ Dreyfuss and I had this great chemistry . We just always have and we have it to this day . If we see each other or we wound up going to London to do ‘ Prisoner of Second Avenue ' together , we just have great , great acting chemistry together . ”
Mason earned their third Oscar nomination working with Caan again in “ Chapter Two ” ( 1979 ) ; their third Globe nomination across Ned Beatty in “ Promises in the Dark ” ( 1979 ) ; and a fourth Oscar nomination for “ Only When I Laugh ” ( 1981 ) , for which their co-star Joan Hackett won the Globe .
“ That picture , ‘ Only When I Laugh , ' is one of my favorites because it 's really an ensemble piece with all of those actors , so it was really great , ” Mason said . “ I 've had a really spectacular career , you know ? It 's really good . And there was a picture I did called ‘ Drop Dead Fred ' that winds up constantly getting revived and they 're even thinking of doing a remake of it and all kinds of stuff . I 've been very lucky . ”
Speaking of lucky , they worked with Mr. “ Do You Feel Lucky ” himself , Clint Eastwood , on “ Heartbreak Ridge ” ( 1986 ) . Mason says they were constantly amazed at their ability to juggle acting and directing .
“ He was standing , waiting for a shot to get set up , ” Mason said . “ We were on a dance floor , we had to move around , they were using the camera and they had lines . So we start the scene and we 're dancing and saying the dialogue and the camera 's moving around , and I can tell he 's pushing me in certain ways . So after they called cut , they said , ‘ I was watching the play of light across your face to make sure we got a nice shot . ' So they were acting and directing and dancing all at the same time ! It was really cool . ”
Now , in “ Watch on the Rhine , ” Mason works with director Jackie Maxwell .
“ She 's just one of the best , ” Mason said . “ Her work in this play is phenomenal because we are in the round and we have 11 people . That is not easy . A lovely woman who 's an actor here came and saw the show and they moved around the theater and said , ‘ In every area , nobody was blocked [ from view . ] ' ”
Not only will you be able to see every inch of the production , you will feel its timely themes deeply .
“ It 's so important to see good material , ” Mason said . “ Hellman has written a well-plotted , strong , funny , deep , subtle , political play . I think it 's great . You will have missed something if you do n't see it . ”
Listen to the full conversation with Marsha Mason below :
WTOP 's Jason Fraley chats with Marsha Mason ( Full Interview ) Jason Fraley | http : //wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/marsha-mason-interview.mp3 Download audio
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
View larger $ 10.99 $ 8.99 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU : 171211-68876-1
Part No : P6934
Weight : 1.01 lbs
Condition : New
View All : Dennis Hopper items
Product Types : Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines : Cult Cinema Icons | Throwback Space
Genres : Adventure | Buddy Films | Cult Cinema | Drama
Poster Categories : Movies , TV & Gaming
Studio : Columbia Tri-Star
Original U.S. Release : July 14 , 1969
Rating : R
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH : Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies , TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here .
Details
This full-color movie poster for Dennis Hopper 's cult classic Easy Rider is perfect for the counterculture or biker fan in your life .
Specifications
Size : 24x36 in
Cast : Antonio Mendoza | Dennis Hopper | Jack Nicholson | Luana Anders | Luke Askew | Mac Mashourian | Peter Fonda | Phil Spector | Sabrina Scharf | Tita Colorado | Warren Finnerty
Directors : Dennis Hopper
Project Name : Easy Rider
Related Items
Categories
Adventure | Buddy Films | Columbia Tri-Star | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Drama | Movies , TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Throwback Space
Brussels : The number of African migrants arriving in Italy after crossing the Mediterranean from Libya dropped by more than half in July from June , the European Union ` s border agency Frontex said on Monday .
But the number of migrants on a secondary , western Mediterranean route to Spain rose sharply last month , it said .
Frontex said 10,160 migrants arrived from Northern Africa on Italy ` s southern shores in July , 57 percent fewer than in June and the lowest level of arrivals in July since 2014 .
Bad weather and clashes in the region of Libya from where many migrants depart on smugglers ` boats contributed to the decline , the agency said .
`` In addition , increased presence of the Libyan Coast Guard also discouraged the people smugglers from sending out boats with migrants , '' Frontex said .
Italy has been the main gateway to Europe since a 2016 deal with Ankara shut off the route from Turkey to EU member Greece , which had mostly been used by Syrian refugees .
Frontex said 2,300 migrants made it to Spain in July , more than four times as many as a year earlier . Arrivals in Spain in the first seven months were `` around 11,000 , already exceeding the number for all of 2016 , '' it said .
Both the western route leading to Spain and the central Mediterranean one to Italy carry African nationals . The EU considers most of them to be labour migrants - rather than refugees - and does not want to take them in .
Immigration is dominating Italy ` s political agenda before elections early next year , with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants . Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years .
The EU has been increasingly engaging in Libya to prevent departures , despite heavy criticism from rights groups that the policy fails to help those in need as required by international law .
April 28 Niraku GC Holdings Inc
* It is expected consolidated profit after tax of group for year ended 31 March 2017 will substantially increase
* Expected results due to reduction in finance costs and administrative expenses attributable to cost saving activities Source text for Eikon : [ bit.ly/2oF27yj ] Further company coverage :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KINGSTON -- A man is locked up in Luzerne County , charged with corruption of minors among other charges .
Police say Alexander Walski Jr. , 61 , of Wilkes-Barre , performed sex acts on an underage boy beginning in 2016 .
Investigators said Walski also provided the boy with drugs and alcohol , and they also had images of child porn on their cellphone .
Walski is locked up on $ 1 million cash bail .
PHILADELPHIA — Eagles coach Doug Pederson has confirmed that star quarterback Carson Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss rest of the season and playoffs .
Wentz , a favorite in the NFL MVP race , had an MRI on Monday that confirmed the severity of the injury . Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter at Los Angeles . Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles ( 11-2 ) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining .
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player . Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters , return specialist/running back Darren Sproles , star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special-teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. — New York Jets running back Matt Forte and defensive lineman Kony Ealy will miss Sunday 's game against the Cleveland Browns because of injuries .
Forte will be sidelined for the second straight game while recovering from turf toe . Bilal Powell is expected to get the start a week after they rushed for a career-high 163 yards against Jacksonville .
Ealy has a shoulder injury and is coming off a big game in which they had an interception and four passes defenced .
Coach Todd Bowles on Friday also ruled out cornerback Darryl Roberts ( hamstring ) and linebacker Josh Martin ( ankle ) . Defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson ( shoulder ) and cornerback Juston Burris ( foot ) are questionable .
-The Independent
Web Desk : Heart is an important organ , but fatty foods increases cholesterol levels , which leads to vascular plaques that prevent the heart from functioning correctly .
Here are 8 foods you should consume to take care of your heart and decrease the risk of heart attacks .
Fatty Fish
Fatty fish decreases the risk of arrhythmia and atherosclerosis . Consume them 2-3 times a week .
Dark Chocolate
It helps normalize blood pressure and fight inflammations and blood clotting .
Nuts
Nuts have vitamin E that helps to decrease the level of bad cholesterol .
Green tea
One cup of green tea will stop the formation of cholesterol plaques . It boosts metabolism and helps to fight against excess weight .
Pomegranate
It contains antioxidants which lowers blood pressure , normalizes blood circulation and increases hemoglobin levels .
Watermelon
It plays an important role in vascular health . Also stabilizes the cholesterol levels and contains antioxidants .
Garlic
It lowers blood pressure and prevents atherosclerotic plaques from appearing .
Apple and pears
They normalize blood circulation that decreases the risk of heart attack .
A Special drink for healthy blood vessels
Ingredients :
250 ml – Ginger juice
250 ml – Garlic puree
250 ml – Lemon juice
250 ml – Apple cider vinegar
5 tbsp – Honey
Method
Mix all the ingredients except honey . Cook it on medium flames for 30 minutes . Stir continuously . Then let it cool . Once it gets cool , add honey . You can store it in the fridge for 1 to 2 months .
Take 1 tbsp of this mixture every morning on an empty stomach .
Source : Brightside
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Yeovil Town 3 Crewe Alex 0
Crewe Alex 's search for the points they need to ensure League Two safety will go on after their set-piece nightmare came back to haunt them at Yeovil Town on Easter Monday .
The Railwaymen , who have struggled to defend from dead ball situations all season , trailed 2-0 at the break after a direct free-kick from Matt Dolan and Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro 's free header from a wide dead ball proved their undoing in the first half .
And Otis Khan 's goal after the restart , in a move which originated from a corner , killed the game as a contest .
Crewe huffed and puffed , and manager David Artell made all their subs early , but they did very little in an attacking sense and they are now four games without a win .
They dropped a place to 19th and , with three games to play , they are seven point clear of the drop zone .
With rock bottom Leyton Orient up next at Gresty Road on Saturday , the Alex will be keen to add to their 49 points and get over the safety line .
Artell made two changes – altering their line-up for the first time in seven outings .
A knee injury to centre half Ben Nugent , sustained against Notts County on Good Friday , forced their hand and Perry Ng got the nod to start their seventh league game for the club .
But the manager elected to drop forward George Cooper , who made way for Callum Ainley to make their first start since mid-November .
The Alex started the game one point shy of the accepted 50-point safety mark , and a clash with Yeovil two places and three point below them before kick-off , represented a good chance to get the job done .
The Glovers had lost their last three , had gone six without a win , and had only tasted success once in their previous 15 when the sides lined up at 3pm .
Completing the double over the Alex – they won 1-0 at Gresty Road in October – was their aim as they also looked to make sure of their Football League status .
They had some real physical presence in their line-up , with the experienced Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro and Francois Zoko leading their line , but they were chasing Crewe shadows early on as the visitors knocked the ball about with confidence .
But most of the play was in the middle third , and the first shot on target did n't arrive until the 13th minute when keeper Ben Garratt made a routine save from Zoko .
On 28 minutes some good interchange from the Alex resulted in a deflected Callum Cooke shot which was spilled by keeper Jonathan Maddison and Chris Dagnall went close to knocking in the loose ball .
But a minute later the Glovers led . George Ray , who was struggling with a back problem , conceded a free-kick on the edge of the box and Dolan produced a sublime finish with their left foot , allowing Garratt no chance as they found the top corner .
It lifted the home fans for the first time as they sensed a vital victory and Crewe , for all their possession , were struggling to find a way through the Town defence/ .
On 39 minutes Ainley , the Alex 's standout player in the first 45 minutes , played a give-and-go with Oliver Turton and fired on target , but a block from a defender took the pace out of it .
In first-half stoppage time Crewe 's dead ball Achilles heel was exposed again . A free-kick was swung in from the left and Akpro was left unmarked to flick a header home into the bottom corner .
Artell made a double substitution at the break . Ray could not continue and Cooke was taken off , with Ryan Wintle and Alex Kiwomya coming on .
Billy Bingham dropped into the heart of the defence and Crewe switched to 4-4-2 with Ainley and Kiwomya wide .
And after 15 minutes of fair scrappy play with few chances , the manager rolled the dice for the final time by bringing on Cooper for Ainley .
On 64 minutes Akpro had the ball in the net but was booked by the referee for using their hand to divert it home . Shortly after another free-kick for the hosts caused problems for Garratt but it drifted past for a goal kick .
It was game , set and match on 70 minutes . In the play after a corner Garratt made a super save to tip a Zoko header onto the bar but Khan was the only one on the move for the rebound , stabbing it in from close range .
James Jones had a volley blocked after good play down the left , and Turton screwed a volley wide , as the Alex looked for a consolation .
But the game had truly fizzled out , and Maddison had barely been tested all afternoon .
Yeovil fans chanted ‘ we are staying up ' during injury time . In truth , both sides are probably safe – but Crewe have a lot of work to do to improve .
Yeovil Town ( 4-4-2 ) : Maddison ; Shephard , Smith , Lacey , Dickson ; Dawson , Dolan , Lawless , Khan ; Zoko , Akpa-Akpro .
Subs not used : Mugabi , Eaves , Butcher , Sowunmi , Goodship , James , Harrison .
Crewe ( 4-3-3 ) : Garratt ; Turton , Ray ( Wintle 45 mins ) , Ng , Bakayogo ; Jones , Cooke ( Kiwomya 45 mins ) , Bingham ; Ainley ( Cooper 59 mins ) , Dagnall , Bowery .
Subs not used : Saunders , Cooper , Udoh , Kirk , Wintle , Kiwomya , Dawber .
Referee : Lee Swabey .
Attendance : 3,167 .
A crash in the 7400 block of Hancock 236 Friday afternoon sent a 46-year-old woman and a two-year-old child to the hospital .
At 2:37 p.m. , Sherry L. Emerine , 46 , of Findlay , was stopped at a stop sign on Flag City Drive in their 2010 Toyota Corolla . They failed to yield to Jason D. Thiery , 37 , also of Findlay , who was driving a 2003 Chevy on Hancock 236 . Thiery hit Emerine 's car on the driver 's side rear .
Hanco transported Emerine and a two-year-old in Thiery 's car to the hospital . Emerine was cited for failure to yield at a stop sign .
Comments
comments
The Cayman Islands Monetary Authority warns the public after it discovers counterfeit money in Cayman .
CIMA said the RCIPS Financial Crimes Unit informed them that fake notes were found in $ 25 and $ 100 denominations .
The unit said if you are in possession of a counterfeit note or suspect one to be fake , take note of the person who passed it on to you .
Initial , date the note and tag it with the transaction receipt .
CIMA is advising people to remain vigilant as counterfeit activities increase during months leading up to Christmas holidays .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE A person was hospitalized Friday morning after getting stabbed multiple times . 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo A person was stabbed multiple times early Friday morning in the 200 block Garden Ct. ( Photo : Damian Giletto/The News Journal ) Buy Photo
Wilmington police is investigating an incident Friday morning where a person was reportedly stabbed multiple times , according to scanner reports .
The incident was reported just after 6:30 a.m. in the 200 block of Garden Ct. , according to the scanner traffic .
The victim was stabbed in the arm and torso , according to scanner traffic .
Details about the suspect or an update on the victim 's medical condition were not readily available .
Buy Photo A person was stabbed multiple times early Friday morning in the 200 block Garden Ct. ( Photo : Damian Giletto/The News Journal )
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/person-stabbed-multiple-times-wilmington/738753001/
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Antonio Banderas says he 'll love ex-wife Melanie Griffith until the day they die .
The 57-year-old actor voiced their love for Griffith in an interview with People published Monday , nearly four years after their split from the 60-year-old actor .
`` Even if we are divorced , they are my family and I will love them until the day I die , '' they told the magazine . `` We have been in contact all these years and we managed to do a separation that is very elegant . ''
Banderas and Griffith announced their split in June 2014 after 18 years of marriage . The couple share daughter Stella Banderas , and Griffith is also mom to son Alexander Bauer and daughter Dakota Johnson . Banderas said the kids appreciate their friendly relationship .
`` Our kids are enjoying that and that is very important for both of us . Our kids are priority number one , '' they said .
Banderas started dating Nicole Kimpel following their divorce from Griffith . They shared a photo with the Dutch financial consultant Sunday on Instagram .
`` Back in # London . Sunday walk @ nickykim2807 # perfectday # happysunday # relax # thames # earthday , '' the star captioned the picture .
Banderas will next star in the National Geographic Channel miniseries Genius : Picasso , which debuts Tuesday . They told UPI playing painter Pablo Picasso in the series was a sometimes `` painful '' experience .
Starbucks recently shut its doors for an afternoon to provide diversity training to employees . Max Faulkner Star-Telegram
For nearly 150 years , it 's been men only : Winston Churchill , Nelson Mandela , Abraham Lincoln , Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen . But on Tuesday , the statuary in London 's Parliament Square got a new face : suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett .
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country .
`` I would not be standing here today as prime minister , no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament , none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy , were it not for one truly great woman : Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett , '' May said .
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as they were awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women 's Suffrage Societies . In their hands is a placard that reads , `` Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere , '' which was taken from a speech they gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby .
Born in 1847 , Fawcett dedicated much of their life to fighting for women 's rights . They began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer . They became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group 's base to include working-class women . They died in 1929 , a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote .
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett 's inclusion , or that of any woman in Parliament Square , is long overdue .
`` When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman , it sort of begs the question , are we saying there have n't been incredible women in the past ? That our country has n't been built on the back of great women ? '' Khan said .
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez . They told the BBC that they were jogging past the historic square on International Women 's Day in 2016 when they when noticed the absence of any female figures . They started the campaign `` as they sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of their run , '' according to the broadcaster .
`` If [ Fawcett ] were a man , she 'd have hundreds of statues up to her , '' Criado Perez told the BBC . `` She 's directly facing Parliament with their placard , so the MPs can see them everyday and think , ' I should probably go and sort that problem out . ' ``
Fawcett 's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing , a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997 .
`` Other designers and artists just did n't get it like Gillian did , '' Criado Perez told the BBC . `` For me , it was very important [ Millicent ] was middle aged . I wanted them to be standing there not at all sexualised , but statesmanlike . ''
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain 's 10-pound note .
It does n't matter how much the markets move , what the president does or does n't do about trade , or what is new with the Farm Bill if farmers ca n't grow their crops in the first place .
Weather this year has n't been cooperative for farmers trying to get their crops seeded .
Allen Meissner , a Texas farmer , had corn growing in early April when the entire Midwest was still looking at below freezing temperatures . Unfortunately , the tides have turned and a lack of rainfall is threatening their crops .
“ At this stage not having any [ water ] is going take it downhill pretty fast , ” said Meissner . “ They say this high [ temperature ] is going to move out in two weeks , but it will be too late by then . ”
Meissner has had no more than eight-tenths of an inch of rain on any part of their farm since mid-March .
To the north things are moving , but it 's not all fun in the sun .
“ It looks a little tough in some spots , ” said Gene Millard , a farmer in Missouri . “ Really considering they look pretty good , but its highly variable—within a 5-10 mile area you 'll find one corn field and then others that wo n't . ”
Even with the rough weather , planting has n't slowed . The USDA Crop Progress Report has corn planting progress at 95 percent complete , which is higher than the five-year average of 90 percent . Soybean planting is 77 percent complete , also over the five-year average .
On Wednesday 's AgriTalk , host Chip Flory also talked with Millard , Meissner , and Wisconsin farmer Tony Mellenthin about the president 's trade policies . Matt Bennett of Bennett Consulting also joined the show to answer marketing questions for the group .
You can catch the full conversation on AgriTalk by clicking on the player above
Today 's [ Monday 's ] Carl Albert State College home conference doubleheader against Western Oklahoma State College has been rained out . The twinbill has been rescheduled for 2 p.m. Friday .
PARIS : Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hit back at Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Sunday after they labelled Israel a `` state that kills children , '' calling them a leader who bombs Kurdish villagers and supports terrorists .
`` I am not used to receiving lectures about morality from a leader who bombs Kurdish villagers in their native Turkey , who jails journalists , who helps Iran get around international sanctions , and who helps terrorists , including in Gaza , kill innocent people , '' Netanyahu said at a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron .
`` That is not the man who is going to lecture us . ''
The Ancaster Ambassadors might not be able to change the world immediately , but they are well on their way to making a difference in the future .
The ambassadors — a group of Grade 11 and 12 Ancaster High students — are among 800 young people worldwide who have been selected to attend the United Nations Winter Youth Assembly , which is happening Feb. 13-18 in New York City .
The assembly is billed as a platform to elevate the voices of young people in international dialogue , empower youth to advocate for future generations and mobilize teens as agents of impactful change .
Group spokesperson Ayeza Tahir said students are `` super excited , '' not only about the youth assembly but the opportunity to visit the Big Apple .
`` We 're going to New York and we 're going to have a great time , '' they said .
Along with Tahir , the ambassadors include Sarah Brown , Sophie Jensen , Alyssa Kaminski , Kamala Muthukumarasamy , Adrienne Jonathan , Cadence Harman , Jason Amri , Sarah Brown and Sarah Ford .
The passionate and dedicated students have long strived to create a welcoming and positive environment in their school and community .
Their collective community involvements range from Mission Services and the World Wildlife Fund , to Amnesty International and the Sisters of St. Joseph Hospital .
`` Each of the Ancaster ambassadors hails from incredibly diverse economic , racial and religious backgrounds , '' Tahir said . `` As such , we all work toward different issues in our own unique ways . Our shared philosophy of 'making the world a better place ' is one of few things that we all have in common . ''
Through their attendance at the youth assembly , the group hopes to meet other like-minded young people and find creative , new ways to better the lives of others — one tiny good deed at a time .
Bradley W. Bechard passed away unexpectedly August 10 , 2017 . Born on November 13 , 1959 , they were the youngest son of the late William Bechard and Helen Spear . They are also predeceased by their older brother Bill Bechard . Brad is survived by their loving and devoted wife Helen Masterson Bechard of Danbury , CT and sister Michelle Bechard ( John Weber ) of Kensington MD . They will be missed by their UGEM buddies , and their many close friends .
Brad graduated from Western Connecticut University with a BA in Theater Arts – acting was their life-long passion . This passion was only exceeded by their love of dogs – most notably the late Louis , Norman , Ceilidh and the now ever-present Fletcher . They were a dedicated Mets fan , which is a credit to their loyalty and optimism . Brad had a wicked keen sense of humor and loved cooking , playing their guitar , Words with Friends , political discussions , and wished for a return to sanity in the current political climate .
In lieu of flowers , memorial contributions may be made to the Danbury Animal Welfare Society , 147 Grassy Plain Rd . Bethel , CT or online at their website : http : //www.daws.org/gifts-and-memorial-donations . Friends may call at Danbury Memorial Funeral Home , 117 South St. , Danbury , CT on Friday , August 18 , 2017 between the hours of 4 to 7 p.m. Brad 's wish was to be cremated . There will be a celebration of Brad 's life at the convenience of their family and friends .
We hope that you have found peace and will love you forever .
To light a candle or leave a condolence in their honor , please visit Danbury memorial.com
April 6 China Maple Leaf Educational Systems Ltd :
* Group is expected to record an increase of not less than 30 % in net profit for six months ended 28 February 2017
* Expected increase in net profit due to an increase in student enrollments Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Today is Donatella Versace 's birthday ; at 63 they are the epitome of the modern woman , remaining relevant for over 40 years after starting in the fashion industry . Them brother , Gianni , made their family 's namesake label the driving force of fashion in the 80 's and 90 's . Following their murder in 1997 , the house was floundering creatively and financially . They brought the Versace empire back from the brink of collapse , and in 2014 the house opened 40 stores and reported record profits .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Most impressive of all , they are one of the few major figures in fashion that has a reputation for kindness , and warmth . Them resiliency and authenticity are what resonate with people most . In a 2016 interview with Now Fashion when asked if it was difficult being Donatella Versace , they responded , “ I 'm myself . Difficult is trying to be something you 're not . To be truthful and authentic with yourself is the most important thing . ”
What people forget about the BDSM trappings and loud gold accents synonymous with Versace is that at the time they were introduced in the early nineties , they were considered obscene . But Versace did not falter , and like their late brother , Donatella remains resolute in their creative vision . Into the 21st century they have maintained , but modernized , their brother 's aesthetic signature . Them imprint on Versace has made it a resounding success , and we hope that they will continue at the helm for a long time to come .
We 'll leave you with some wise words about strength , from one of fashion 's strongest kindest women : “ Being strong does n't mean being invulnerable . Even a strong woman has their weaknesses but that does n't make them weak , it makes them human . Being a strong woman for me means to play the game following the rules , pushing the limits and breaking down barriers , overcoming weaknesses and fighting for what you believe in . ”
New Delhi : Mutual fund houses added close to 19 lakh investor accounts in April-May of 2017-18 , taking the total tally to a record 5.72 crore , driven by growing interest from retail and HNI investors alike .
This is on top of 77 lakh folios added in the entire past fiscal and 59 lakh in the preceding financial year .
In the two years , investor accounts went up following robust contribution from smaller towns .
Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts though an investor can have multiple ones .
According to data from the Association of Mutual Funds in India ( Amfi ) on total investor accounts with 42 active fund houses , the number of folios rose to a record 5,71,90,112 at the end of May from 5,53,99,631 at March-end , a gain of 17.90 lakh .
Growing participation from retail as well as HNI ( high net worth individuals ) categories have contributed to higher overall investor accounts , FundsIndia.Com Head of Mutual Fund Research Vidya Bala said .
The number of retail investor accounts , which comprise equity , equity-linked saving schemes and balanced categories , surged to 4.60 crore in May-end from 4.4 crore at the end of March .
`` A good percentage of investors stay invested in equity oriented schemes for at least 24 months or more than that . This increase in equity-oriented schemes holding period is for applicability of long-term capital gain , '' Bajaj Capital CEO Rahul Parikh said .
`` Even the Investors ' confidence in MF has increased . Now they are holding their investments in equity-oriented schemes for a longer period of time for both lumpsum and SIP ( systematic investment plan ) investments , '' they added .
Overall , the country 's mutual fund industry managed an asset base of over Rs 19 lakh crore , which is likely to cross the Rs 20 lakh crore mark this fiscal .
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors . The funds are invested in stocks , bonds and money market instruments , among others .
Setsuko Thurlow , who was 13 when the 1945 bombing devastated their Japanese city , spoke Sunday at the formal Nobel Peace prize presentation in Oslo , Norway . The group is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons .
STOCKHOLM ( AP ) — An American researcher who shared this year 's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards ' gala banquet Sunday night .
Michael Rosbash , who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government support such as that received by them and colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered .
“ We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States . Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research … ( but ) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support can not be taken for granted , ” they said in a short speech at the ornate city hall in Stockholm .
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars
“ Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II , ” Rosbash said . “ Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country , including its great record in scientific research . ”
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions .
“ We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups , ” said Ishiguro , who was born in Japan .
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity .
“ The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal . We do n't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes . Rather it 's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor , ” they said .
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo , a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year 's Nobel 's Peace Prize .
Setsuko Thurlow , who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II , spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons .
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble , but they were able to see light and crawl to safety . In the same way , the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons , they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October .
“ Our light now is the ban treaty , ” Thurlow said . “ I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima : ‘ Do n't give up . Keep pushing . See the light ? Crawl toward it . ' ”
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three . To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries .
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn , who accepted the prize along with Thurlow , said that while the treaty is far from ratification “ now , at long last , we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons . ”
“ This is the way forward . There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them , ” Fihn said .
The prize winners were announced in October . All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday .
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics ; American physicists Kip Thorne , Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves ; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland , American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy .
___
Associated Press writer David Keyton reported this story in Oslo and AP writer Jim Heintz reported from Moscow .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
Chicago 6 6 7 14—33 Cincinnati 7 0 0 0— 7 First Quarter
Chi_Howard 21 run ( kick failed ) , 11:00 .
Cin_LaFell 14 pass from Dalton ( Bullock kick ) , 2:15 .
Second Quarter
Chi_FG Nugent 34 , 12:38 .
Chi_FG Nugent 27 , 1:46 .
Third Quarter
Chi_Trubisky 4 run ( Nugent kick ) , 4:54 .
Fourth Quarter
Chi_Shaheen 1 pass from Trubisky ( Nugent kick ) , 14:52 .
Chi_Howard 8 run ( Nugent kick ) , 9:18 .
A_52,002 .
___
Chi Cin First downs 29 14 Total Net Yards 482 234 Rushes-yards 38-232 13-70 Passing 250 164 Punt Returns 2-7 2-12 Kickoff Returns 2-39 5-97 Interceptions Ret . 1-6 0-0 Comp-Att-Int 25-32-0 18-37-1 Sacked-Yards Lost 2-21 3-24 Punts 3-47.3 5-50.2 Fumbles-Lost 0-0 1-1 Penalties-Yards 10-74 7-56 Time of Possession 38:09 21:51
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Chicago , Howard 23-147 , Cohen 12-80 , Trubisky 2-5 , Burton 1-0 . Cincinnati , Bernard 11-62 , Hill 2-8 .
PASSING_Chicago , Trubisky 25-32-0-271 . Cincinnati , Dalton 14-29-1-141 , McCarron 4-8-0-47 .
RECEIVING_Chicago , Wright 10-107 , Shaheen 4-44 , Bellamy 2-52 , D.Sims 2-32 , Cunningham 2-14 , Brown 2-9 , Cohen 2-5 , Howard 1-8 . Cincinnati , Bernard 6-68 , Green 5-64 , LaFell 3-24 , Boyd 1-15 , Erickson 1-9 , Hewitt 1-6 , Hill 1-2 .
MISSED FIELD GOALS_None .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A drug dealer who aroused the suspicion of locals after getting stranded in a village near Warwick when they were ordered off a train for having no ticket has been jailed .
When the police carried out a stop and search on Akiem Burton in Claverdon , they found more than 40 deals of heroin and crack cocaine on him .
And at Warwick Crown Court they pleaded guilty to two charges of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply them and possessing a bladed article , a bayonet-sized knife .
Burton ( 20 ) of Cotswold Close , Rednal , Birmingham , was jailed for 21 months for the drug offences – with a consecutive four-month sentence for the knife .
Prosecutor Ravi Sidhu said that at around lunchtime on May 24 the police had reports of a suspicious-looking person in Claverdon .
When officers turned up , they soon found Burton , who was wearing a long winter coat and a distinctive woolly beanie hat , even though it was a warm day .
They spoke to him , and Burton said they had just been to a shop in the village and was in a hurry to catch a train .
But , unconvinced by their explanation , they searched them and found a small amount of herbal cannabis worth £4 on him .
As their search continued , Burton tried to pull away from them , and there was a violent struggle before they were restrained .
The officers then found a clingfilm package in their coat , containing ten £10 wraps of heroin and 33 deals of crack cocaine worth between £330 and £660 .
And in the waistband of their trousers they found a knife , which Mr Sidhu described as being ‘ similar to a bayonet , ' with a ten-inch blade .
After arresting Burton , who was subject to a suspended sentence at the time for possessing a bladed article , the police found messages on their phone which indicated the supply of drugs .
And at their home , other officers found other drug paraphernalia , including electronic scales and contact cards with the header ‘ Best Deals ' on them , added Mr Sidhu .
Burton suffers from depression and listlessness , said their barrister Anthony Potter , who argued : “ It is unlikely to get better by reason of receiving an immediate custodial sentence .
“ He has impressed on me how they are anxious to put this behind them and to engage in education . ”
Of how Burton came to be in Claverdon on that day , Mr Potter said : “ His account of being turfed off the train because they do n't have a ticket is more likely to be correct than that they were intending to supply there . ”
Jailing Burton , Deputy Judge Michael Stokes QC , told him : “ You were before the court last year and received a suspended sentence of imprisonment for carrying a knife in a public place .
“ In May this year you were caught in possession of crack cocaine , heroin and a tiny amount of cannabis , which is neither here nor there , and a big knife , while you were on that suspended sentence .
“ You are a 20-year-old man , and there is an indication in the doctor 's report you are suffering from depression , but that is no excuse for acting as a drug dealer .
“ The knife was a very large knife , the size of a bayonet , and there has to be a consecutive sentence for that , ” they added .
BRISBANE , Australia ( AP ) — French Open champion Garbine Muguruza finished off a first-round match for the first time at the Brisbane International , and extended Sam Stosur 's unhappy run in the process with a 7-5 , 6-7 ( 2 ) , 7-5 win on Monday .
The fourth-seeded Muguruza saved three set points in the first and rallied from a break down in the third to finish off in 2 hours , 45 minutes on a humid afternoon . In two previous trips to the season-opening tournament , Muguruza struggled with injuries and had n't completed a match .
“ It was a battle , ” Muguruza said . Stosur “ played very well today . They served like a beast . It took three hours for that battle to see what happens in the end . ”
Muguruza beat Stosur in the French Open semifinals last year and went on to beat then No . 1-ranked Serena Williams in the final to claim their first major title .
Advertisement
The loss extended a slump for Stosur , the 32-year-old Australian who has n't won a competitive single match since the first round of the U.S. Open in September and has n't advanced past the second round at their home tournament in Queensland state .
No . 5 Svetlana Kuznetsova , No . 6 Elina Svitolina and No . 8 Roberta Vinci were among the women 's seeds advancing Monday .
Svitolina , the only player to beat both Serena Williams and Angelique Kerber in 2016 , opened with a 6-3 , 6-3 win over Olympic champion Monica Puig .
Kuznetsova beat American Louisa Chirico 6-2 6-4 and Vinci was pushed all the way in a 7-6 ( 4 ) , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 5 ) win over qualifier Kateryna Bondarenko .
American qualifier Asia Mohammed advanced with a 7-6 ( 5 ) , 6-1 win over Donna Vekic , and Zhang Shuai of China beat Laura Siegemund 4-6 , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 6-3 .
In the men 's draw , another of Australia 's local hopes went out in the first round with No . 8-seeded David Ferrer beating error-prone Bernard Tomic 6-3 , 7-5 .
Nicolas Mahut advanced to the second round with a 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 win over fellow Frenchman Stephane Robert and Kyle Edmond held off American qualifier Ernesto Escobedo 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 6 ) .
VOL . 41 | NO . 32 | Friday , August 11 , 2017
BOSTON ( AP ) — The industry that makes medical devices from artificial hips to miniature pumps for IV drips is looking for a fallback plan to repeal a widely reviled sales tax that almost met its end in GOP health care legislation .
The 2.3 percent excise , one of several taxes and fees in the Affordable Care Act that pay for expanded insurance coverage , has been the subject of ferocious lobbying by manufacturers seeking its permanent death . Yet for now it 's on track to be reinstated on Jan. 1 after a two-year hiatus , leaving industry leaders worried it will hurt employment and stifle development of innovative , even lifesaving products .
`` We know it resulted in job loss when it was in effect and we also know it resulted in decreased investment and development , '' said Patrick Hope , executive director of the Medical Imaging & Technology Alliance , one of several trade groups fighting reinstatement of the tax .
The tax covers a range of medical equipment sold to hospitals and physicians but excludes consumer items such as eyeglasses , hearing aids and diabetes kits .
Various failed versions of Republican bills to repeal and replace the Obama health care law would have killed the tax that is also unpopular with many Democrats in Congress , some representing states with thriving clusters of medical device firms .
The U.S. medical device market was valued at nearly $ 148 billion in 2016 with projections it will increase to $ 173 billion by 2019 , according to Emergo , a leading industry consultant .
Companies shed 29,000 jobs from 2013-2015 when the tax was in effect , according to government data cited by the Advanced Medical Technology Association , or AdvaMed . No corresponding employment data exists yet for 2016-2017 when the tax was suspended though another trade group , the Medical Device Manufacturers Association , said a member survey found 70 percent added jobs while R & D spending increased by 19 percent on average .
Skeptics argue it 's impossible to draw a straight line from the tax to overall performance by the industry and point to a variety of other factors , from consolidation to global competition , that influence trends in employment and R & D commitment .
John McDonough , a professor of public health policy at Harvard University , said they doubted the tax seriously harmed most firms while it was in effect , or that it would wreak much havoc if reinstated next year .
`` The medical device industry stands out in its determination to be the one industry to get off the hook , '' said McDonough , noting that insurers , drugmakers and hospitals were also assessed higher taxes and fees under the ACA .
Proponents of the tax , originally estimated to raise $ 29 billion in net revenue over 10 years , contend industry sales can only benefit from more Americans having access to health insurance . Still , the tax has long been targeted for repeal , not only by congressional Republicans but also many Democrats who strongly back the health care law and the other taxes that go with it .
Critics have cited a 2015 analysis by the Congressional Research Service that declared the levy `` challenging to justify '' in terms of traditional economic and tax policy . That same report , however , also projected `` fairly minor '' impacts on production and employment in the medical device industry .
Boston Scientific Corp. , a leading maker of heart stents and other devices , said the two-year suspension allowed for a doubling of its collaboration with Mayo Clinic on projects to help cardiovascular patients .
Clinical Innovations , a privately-held medical device company in Salt Lake City , said tax savings of about $ 500,000 a year helped it speed up the redesign and launch of a balloon-like device that helps doctors manage potentially fatal occurrences of postpartum hemorrhaging in women .
`` For a company like us , that 's a significant savings , and frankly where we tend to cut if we have to pay a tax like that is on the development side , '' said Ken Reali , the firm 's chief executive .
In 2015 , 46 Democrats joined Republicans in approving a House bill to repeal the tax . That effort ultimately fell short , but Congress later added the two-year suspension of the tax to a budget bill .
Minnesota has about 27,000 people working in the sector with an average salary of $ 63,567 , while in Massachusetts nearly 24,000 are employed in the industry and earn $ 66,787 on average , according to AdvaMed . Those states rank second and third behind California in medical device employment .
Minnesota 's Democratic U.S. Sens . Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar have both voiced support for repealing the tax , as have Democratic Sens . Elizabeth Warren and Edward Markey of Massachusetts .
Yet many Democrats , Warren included , insist they would only vote to eliminate the tax if another revenue source for the ACA was available to replace it .
So how to halt the tax before January , absent a full repeal of the health care law ?
Several possibilities exist . One option would be to include in an overhaul of the U.S. tax code sought by President Donald Trump . It could also be tied to efforts to stabilize insurance markets , or attached to other vehicles such as an appropriations bill or the pending reauthorization of a separate health insurance program for children . All come with procedural challenges and uncertainties .
`` It 's a full court press , '' said Greg Crist , a spokesperson for AdvaMed .
