Hawaii 's Volcanic Eruption Draws Scientific Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
The images from the eruption of Kilauea in Hawaii are breathtaking . Lava is gushing from cracks in the earth , blasting — at times — more than 200 feet in the air . Vog — volcanic fog — from the volcano is drifting as far as Guam .
For those living in the southeast corner of the Big Island , the eruption is devastating . But it 's also presenting an incredible opportunity for scientists looking to better understand the world usually beneath our feet .
A post shared by N Rott ( @ narott ) on May 27 , 2018 at 11:23pm PDT
Every day , night and minute since this major eruption started , scientists have been tracking its progress . Drones buzz over the rivers of lava , blinking red and green at night against the creamsicle glow of the rising smoke . Sensors and monitors record every earthquake and eruption . And teams of volcanologists are out on foot 24 hours a day recording gas levels , lava speeds , fountain heights and whatever other data they can get .
Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island 's Tourist-Dependent Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island 's Tourist-Dependent Economy Listen · 3:47 3:47
National Residents Near Hawaii 's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Residents Near Hawaii 's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Listen · 3:50 3:50
Alexa Van Eaton , a physical volcanologist usually stationed in Oregon at Cascades Volcano Observatory , went out recently to record the speed and behavior of a lava flow from fissures 7 and 21 . What struck them most was the sound : `` You can hear , first of all the coqui frogs , but in the background you can hear the clinkering of the lava , which really does sound like breaking glass . ''
That word clinkering is actually a technical term . It 's the barely audible sound and process of lava breaking .
`` As a volcanologist you learn about this term clinker , '' says Van Eaton , `` and for me , it had n't really sunk in that that 's what it actually sounds like . It 's clinkering ! It 's onomatopoeia ! ''
Van Eaton and other scientists are very , very excited about the opportunity to study an active volcano . As one scientist put it : Eruptions like this are a window into the inner workings of our planet .
`` This is a once-in-a-lifetime process to really be a part of , '' Van Eaton says .
But the reality of what this volcano is doing to people , their homes and property is not lost on any of the scientists here . Brett Walker , a Ph.D. student from the University of Hawaii , Manoa , was out collecting lava samples a few nights ago .
`` So as excited as I was to collect this fresh molten piece of lava , '' they explain , `` I 'm collecting it on the property of my friend 's house , whose house was burning down . So it 's just this complete mix of excitedness , happiness and sadness and devastation really . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
Wendy Stovall , a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey , says all of the data they 're collecting will drive research for years , helping scientists better understand how volcanoes work all over the world . They say it 's a generational event that will define the field the way Mount St. Helens did in the 1980s .
`` And that will hopefully inform land-use planning , emergency preparedness and keep people 's lives from being impacted so heavily like they have [ been ] during this eruption , '' Stovall says .
That 's the reason Natalia Deligne has been watching the eruption on TV during their lunch breaks . She 's a volcanic hazard and risk modeler in New Zealand .
`` Our largest city , Auckland , is built on top of a volcanic field , '' they say . `` And so the hazards and impacts we 're observing on Kilauea , we can imagine that happening here . ''
Deligne 's not alone . Scientists across the globe are watching Kilauea — in Costa Rica , Japan , Iceland and others — hoping to learn and prepare for the next eruption .
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud .
Harold Backer pleaded guilty Wednesday in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $ 5,000 .
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $ 5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts .
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the former investment dealer three years of probation . In an agreed statement of facts , Backer promised to pay restitution of $ 161,900 to five people .
Twelve other persons were injured in clashes with the security forces . Photo : PTI
Srinagar : One person was killed in south Kashmir 's Shopian district during security forces ' action on a mob of stone pelters who were protesting after an encounter in which three militants were killed on Sunday , police said .
Mohammad Sayeed Bhat ( 25 ) received bullet injuries when security forces used fire to chase away the mob near the encounter site at Avneera in Shopian on Sunday night , a police official said .
They said Bhat was taken to a hospital where they succumbed . The official said 12 other persons were injured in the clashes .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Young Bristol City defender Lloyd Kelly , fresh from impressing both managers in the 0-0 draw with Burton Albion , has gone one better this week by being named in the EFL Team of the Week .
The Robins beat Ipswich 1-0 at Ashton Gate on Saturday , netting through Milan Djuric who stooped low to head home a brilliant cross from left back Kelly .
With back-to-back clean sheets the pundits at the ELF took notice .
They said : `` Stepping up in the absence of Joe Bryan , the 19-year-old showed maturity in defence and demonstrated their attacking ability too , providing the cross for the Robins ' winner . ''
After the match on Saturday Lee Johnson was once again full of praise for their impressive teenage star . They said : `` I was very impressed with Lloyd . Obviously he 's got a top player in front of them in Joe Bryan but it just goes to show that the Academy keep producing up to a level and then it 's up to us to and it 's up to us to get them first-team ready .
`` I think it 's been justified not putting them out on loan because as a young player of 18-19 - there 's not many of them playing in the Championship , let me tell you .
`` I think he 's got a bright future as long as they maintain the right attitude and desire to continue to try and improve every day . ''
Also in the team of the week was Yeovil Town goalkeeper Stuart Nelson , while the rest of the defence was made up of Will Vaulks ( Rotherham United ) , Rob Dickie ( Oxford United ) and Jon Flanagan ( Bolton Wanderers ) .
The midfield was made up of Jota ( Birmingham City ) , Jamie Ness ( Plymouth Argyle ) and Lee Frecklington ( Lincoln City ) .
With three selected up front , Portsmouth 's Brett Pitman made the cut along with Benik Afobe ( Wolverhampton Wanderers ) and Atdhe Nuhiu ( Sheffield Wednesday ) .
Manager of the week was new Swindon Town boss Phil Brown .
× Mueller team gives Trump lawyers more details of what they want to talk to President about
As President Donald Trump 's reaction to special counsel Robert Mueller grows more irate by the day , attorneys on both sides sat down last week in a rare face-to-face discussion about the topics investigators could inquire of the President . It was the first in-person meeting after several weeks of informal discussions between the two sides , according to two sources familiar with the talks .
Mueller 's team added granularity to the topics it originally discussed with the defense team months ago , like the firing of FBI Director James Comey , according to one of the sources . This time around , for instance , the prosecutors said they would ask about Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' involvement in the Comey dismissal and what Trump knew about national security adviser Michael Flynn 's phone calls with then-Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in late December 2016 .
The meeting makes clear that Mueller 's investigation into contact between Russians and the Trump campaign and other criminal matters is n't likely to end anytime soon and still may focus on Trump and what they knew . The meeting and its revelations also have unleashed a new level of Trump 's public hostility toward Mueller , even while some of the President 's advisers show a willingness to negotiate Trump 's testimony .
The President 's attorneys sent the special counsel a summary of evidence they had turned over to prosecutors already , a practice they 've followed multiple times throughout the investigation . Mueller themselves did n't attend the meeting . But prosecutors including former Watergate prosecutor James Quarles III gave Trump 's lawyers enough detail that the President 's team wrote a memo with possible questions they expect to be asked of him .
One source familiar with the matter said the President has vacillated on agreeing to an interview in recent months . Trump was interested in speaking with Mueller 's team if the probe would end soon , as their lawyers had long promised , another source said . But once the President realized Mueller 's work is n't nearing a conclusion , he 's become more agitated and has lashed out on Twitter .
“ They ( the legal team ) created the expectation that the probe was going to be done in December , ” and that expectation , plus the recent discussions and a subpoena of Trump Organization documents , set the President off .
Both sides could reach an agreement about the proposed sit-down interview — and whether they 'll even allow it — in the coming weeks , according to a source familiar with the matter .
A spokesperson for the special counsel 's office declined to comment Monday night .
CNN reported in January that Mueller 's team had given the President 's lawyers general topics for an interview , such as Trump 's request that Comey drop the investigation into Flynn , their reaction to Comey 's May 2017 testimony on Capitol Hill , and Trump 's contact with intelligence officials about the Russia investigation .
A source familiar with the talks said more recent discussions about Trump 's interview also touched on Sessions and Flynn . Sessions previously spoke to Mueller 's team while investigators looked into possible obstruction of justice . And during the transition , Flynn had spoken to Kisklyak about sanctions and the United Nations , then lied to investigators about the calls before Trump fired him . Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to investigators and agreed to cooperate with Mueller in December .
Trump repeatedly has publicly offered to speak with Mueller under oath and even said they looked forward to the opportunity . Yet behind the scenes , the President has wavered on their pledge as friends and advisers cautioned them of the risks of speaking to prosecutors who 've already charged 19 individuals with criminal offenses , including lying . Until this point , Mueller 's prosecutors have made it clear they wanted to speak with Trump but had no formal discussion with the President 's lawyers about setting up the interview .
For months , Trump 's defense lawyer inside the White House , Ty Cobb , has downplayed Mueller 's need for the President 's testimony and the depth of the investigation . Yet the meeting last week made it clear to Trump that Mueller wo n't wrap up soon .
PHANTOGRAM
A couple hours before Phantogram hit the Outdoor Stage at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on Friday night , Sarah Barthel and Josh Carter of the trip-hop duo took a chat break in a beer-stocked trailer in VIP . The band , discovered in 2009 on MySpace , now has three albums under its belt , including last year 's “ Three , ” along with a notable experimental hip-hop collaboration in 2015 with Outkast 's Big Boi under the name Big Grams . Despite their online origin story , Carter is quick to point to their decade-long road to success . “ We 're not some kind of internet buzz band that 's just the flavor of the week , ” says Carter , who plays guitar and sings in the band , formerly dubbed Charlie Everywhere . Adds Barthel , a keyboardist and vocalist , “ Every step of the way – like playing with Questlove on “ Late Night with Jimmy Fallon ” and performing at Madison Square Garden — has been like , ‘ Holy s–t , that 's awesome . ' ”
PROVENANCE : Greenwich , New York
RELATIONSHIP STATUS : The two — who met in junior high — define their relationship as “ best friends , ” despite their palpable chemistry and ability to finish each other 's sentences . “ I think our friendship is really key , ” says Carter , who credits their “ love for each other ” as the secret to keeping the band together . “ If we have any disagreements , we get over them pretty easily , ” they add .
COACHELLA VIBE : “ It 's pretty much the first festival you start with for festival season . It 's kind of like popping the cork on a Champagne bottle , and the weather is great , everyone 's in high spirits , everyone 's stoked about Coachella , ” says Carter , who also performed here with Barthel in 2011 .
MOST MEMORABLE SHOW : “ We did a tour with Muse last year and we got to play a huge-ass arena , The 02 Arena [ in London ] , five nights in a row in front of over 80,000 people in a week . That 's just so massive , ” muses Barthel .
ROAD DOG : Teacup pup , Leroy , named after Jim Croce 's song “ Bad Bad Leroy Brown. ” “ He 's our savior . They take care of us , ” says Barthel of their chic pet , styled in stripes .
FAVE FAN GIFTS : “ They make us art a lot . They 're all good . They 're just f——g weird , ” says Barthel of their admirers . Case in point : “ One guy gave me a necklace made out of bones , which was cool , but a little weird , ” Carter says .
STAGE STYLE : “ Ashton Michael made me a really cool custom outfit so I 'm really excited to wear it , ” says the bleach blonde of their “ gothic cowgirl ” onstage look . “ I like to bring masculinity and femininity into my style . As a female role model , I think it 's important to represent both things . ”
DESIGNER CRUSH : “ I really love Jeremy Scott . I love their fashion shows , what they represent . We get a lot of inspiration from him , ” says Barthel , also a fan of Dior .
WHAT 'S NEXT : Fest gigs around the world , including stops in Norway for Middelands , Norway for Pstereo , Ireland for Electric Picnic and Germany for Lollapalooza Berlin .
SOFI TUKKER
Bossa nova jazz singer Sophie Hawley-Weld met deejay Tucker Halpern at an art gallery performance during their senior year at Brown University . The two blended their different sensibilities — and first names — to form the house duo Sofi Tukker before graduating in 2014 . “ He ended up remixing one of my songs on the spot , and I loved the way that it sounded , ” recalls Hawley-Weld . “ I 'd never really heard anything like it , and I thought it would be a really cool mix if I put it to dance music . It was just a weird vision , a feeling , ” adds Halpern , who convinced Hawley-Weld to ditch their plans to teach yoga in Brazil and move to New York with them instead . “ Now we get to go to Brazil and play for thousands of people , ” says Halpern , noting that they just played São Paulo earlier this month . Three years — and one Grammy later — the twosome performed at Coachella on Sunday , their first time playing the fest . “ We just saw The XX . I was blown away . I was 100 percent in tears , ” says Hawley-Weld . The tress-obsessed Halpern , often influenced by New York club kids , sought inspiration beyond the music : “ I 'll leave this with 20 million new hair ideas . ”
PROVENANCE : Brooklyn , New York
LEAP OF FAITH : After recording “ Drinkee ” — which went on to win a Grammy for Best Dance Recording this year — during their last couple of days at Brown , Halpern thought : “ We were onto something. ” Their friends , the electronic duo The Knocks , agreed . “ They were like , ‘ You should move to New York to pursue this , ' and without any real prospects , at the time , that was enough . When we look back on it , we 're like , ‘ Whoa , what were we doing ? ' ”
BIG BREAK : “ Drinkee ” was discovered on SoundCloud and then appeared in an Apple commercial in 2015 . Hawley-Weld , wheelchair-bound at the time while they recovered from a stress fracture , says , “ I could n't walk , but honestly because we got the Apple commercial , we were able to pay rent . ”
THEIR BEYONCÉ MOMENT : “ Pregnant Beyoncé was kind of crazy to see . She 's like a god , ” says Halpern of their “ crazy , unexpected and shocking ” Grammys experience earlier this year . “ The red carpet — I loved it . We stopped at each outlet and did a little interview and it was just like , ‘ Why do these people give a s–t about what we have to say ? ' ” they add .
STAGE STYLE : “ I like to wear bodysuits and things that make me feel really active and athletic and also really sensual , ” says Hawley-Weld of their all-white stage ensembles , customized by a friend with embroidery , neck pieces and hand pieces . “ It 's what I would naturally wear , but elevated and sparkly . ”
MANE MAN : “ My hair , that 's like really my statement piece , ” says Halpern , who spray paints their bleached blonde hair with Danny Moon products . “ They 're like pieces of art , so I could wear something really simple but my hair is what 's like the fashion. ” They add , “ Hopefully I do n't lose it too soon so I can keep doing that . ”
UP NEXT : The band , which released its first EP “ Soft Animals ” last summer , will hit the fest circuit with stops at Firefly , Panorama , Lollapalooza and Outside Lands . “ We have a lot of new music coming out , and we 're going to be playing it a lot , ” says Hawley-Weld .
BISHOP BRIGGS
Bishop Briggs , née Sarah Grace McLaughlin , always dreamed of attending Coachella . Unfortunately , “ I never could afford it , ” says the indie pop artist , who moved to Los Angeles two days after graduating from high school in Hong Kong . Now , the former babysitter marks their first time at the fest as a performer . “ This is a huge dream come true ” says the 24-year-old . “ I ca n't believe I 'm here . ”
PROVENANCE : Born in London to Scottish parents , Briggs also lived in Japan and Hong Kong . “ I became a little chameleon , but if you heard my parents , they have thick Scottish accents , ” they say .
NAME-DROPPING : The singer changed their name , inspired by their parents ' hometown of Bishopbriggs , Scotland . They also recorded under the name Bishop , but added “ Briggs ” after getting tangled up in legal drama with a metal band with the same name .
KARAOKE QUEEN : After hearing their father perform in a karaoke bar as a child , “ I got the performing itch. ” Them go-to song ? “ It was the Nineties so it was a lot of Backstreet Boys and Britney Spears , but of course I sang ‘ Greatest Love of All ' by Whitney Houston . I sang that all year round . ”
BIG BREAK : Former A & R rep George Robertson saw them perform at “ a hole in the wall ” in Los Angeles and introduced them to Mark Jackson and Ian Scott , who produced their first single , “ Wild Horses. ” “ We wrote the song actually during a really dark time in my life , ” they recall . Then , “ stars aligned ” and the song was featured in an Acura commercial and entered the Top 20 on the iTunes Alternative Charts . They also collaborated with the pair on their alt hit , “ River , ” the first tune they penned together . “ From there , it 's really just been insane . ”
ROCK STAR PERKS : “ It was the best experience ever , ” says Briggs of touring with Coldplay last fall and rubbing elbows with Chris Martin . “ I do n't want to go on about their catering because it does seem crazy , ” they say . But the once-starving artist ca n't help herself : “ Their catering was amazing . It 's literally everything you could imagine , ” they rave .
STYLE INSPO : “ I love the ath-leisure look , but I 'm also super inspired by anime and I love Japanese culture so much , ” says the thrift shop enthusiast , who prepped for the fest by raiding local vintage stores . “ Every time I get dressed I try to channel a little bit of Kanye West and a little bit of Sailor Moon . ”
UP NEXT : Them second EP , released the first day of Coachella , already climbed to number one on the iTunes alternative chart . “ Seriously , did I plan this ? I wish I was that crafty , ” they marvel of the fortuitous timing . “ One of the songs is written a couple days after a big breakup that I went through , so it 's all very raw , and I hope whomever listens enjoys it and relates to it. ” Briggs , currently on their first headlining tour , promises , “ I 'm always writing , so expect new music , new videos . I always have something up my sleeve . ”
GOLDLINK
When GoldLink took the stage at Coachella on Sunday afternoon , the audience rapped along to the songs off their “ hip-hop based electronic ” debut album , “ At What Cost , ” blowing the fast-rising artist 's mind . “ I just dropped an album less than a month ago , so seeing that people knew the words showed that something 's happening , ” says the D.C. native , whose given name is D'Anthony Carlos . Deeply influenced by their hometown , Carlos ' inspirations include their father 's beloved go-go music , which originated in D.C. in the Sixties and Seventies , along with the city 's dominant drug culture , which they candidly explain drove them to succeed . “ [ The drug dealers ] got all the girls , they got all the attention . That was always what inspired me to be great at whatever I wanted to do . The influence they had on the kids in the community is the same impact I want to have , ” says the 23-year-old .
PROVENANCE : Washington , D.C. “ It 's where I learned everything . It means the world to me , ” says Carlos , whose latest album “ was really like trying to avenge my city . We 're a very influential city , but everybody just took from us and left . ”
BIG BREAK : They credit “ timing and God ” with racking up millions of downloads to their songs before even releasing their first mixtape “ The God Complex ” in 2014 , which made several best-of lists that year . “ I had like six songs come out with over a mil [ lion downloads each ] …I was like , ‘ Maybe I 'm good ? ' ” says Carlos . They then collaborated with producer Rick Rubin and released their second mixtape , “ After That We Did n't Talk , ” before signing with RCA Records in 2016 .
FIRST SPLURGE : “ When I was able to afford s–t I always went online shopping , ” says the clotheshorse , whose first major splurge was a pair of YSL boots . “ It was right when Hedi [ Slimane ] left , and the Anthony [ Vaccarello ] kid came . They took the punk rock surfer aesthetic and I was like , ‘ I need to get them boots , ' ” they recall .
FAVE DESIGNERS : “ I 'm not really a big brand guy . I 'm a piece guy. ” Their current go-to : an Alexander McQueen cheetah jacket . They also count Helmut Lang , Junya Watanabe , Undercover and Dior as favorites .
DREAM COLLABORATOR : “ Prince was amazing . They were a real musician , ” says Carlos , who laments that they never saw the icon perform . “ All the special people are dead now . ”
FEST FANBOY : “ Kay [ tranada ] 's my man . I 've seen them play in [ D.C. club ] Flash , and that 's like 300 people to doing Coachella . I just love watching Kay 's story because I was there , so he 's my favorite to watch. ” Carlos took the stage during the DJ 's Coachella set .
UP NEXT : A slew of gigs to promote the new album , including stops in Dallas ; Durham , N.C. ; St. Louis ; Toronto ; and London .
After a good fiscal year 2017 ( FY17 ) , Petronet LNG Ltd has started FY18 on a strong footing .
The liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) importer 's June quarter ( first quarter or Q1 ) profitability got a boost owing to higher volume processed thanks to the increase in its regasification capacity , post the expansion of the Dahej ( Gujarat ) terminal and better operational efficiencies . The Dahej terminal 's expanded capacity stands at 15 million tonnes per annum ( mtpa ) .
Last quarter , revenue increased about 21 % from a year ago . The Dahej terminal processed 184 trillion British thermal units ( Btu ) of LNG during the June quarter and operated at around 97 % of its average increased nameplate capacity . It saw an increase in throughput over the March quarter by 4 % and increase in throughput over the June 2016 quarter by 12 % . Further , the Kochi LNG terminal in Kerala processed its highest ever quantity of eight trillion Btu of LNG , according to the company .
“ Petronet 's take-or-pay business model has resulted in stable volumes over the past four quarters , even as Indian LNG imports have fallen ~10 % from the peak , ” said Credit Suisse Securities ( India ) Pvt Ltd in a report on 10 August . Operating profit for the June quarter increased 15.8 % to Rs744 crore , beating analysts ' estimates . However , profit after tax at Rs438 crore was lower than some analysts ' expectations on account of the higher-than-expected tax rate .
Nonetheless , the Petronet LNG stock has outperformed the S & P BSE 100 index meaningfully in the last one year in keeping with its strong financial performance . Currently , the stock trades at about 20 times estimated earnings for FY18 , based on data from Bloomberg .
The next leg of growth will come from higher utilization at the Kochi LNG terminal . The Kochi-Mangalore pipeline is expected to be completed by December 2018 . That should help the Kochi LNG terminal ramp-up and improve utilization . Additionally , expansion at the Dahej capacity to 17.5 mtpa from 15 mtpa is expected to be completed by the end of 2019 . While these factors augur well , they will play out a bit too far into the future . Small wonder then that analysts expect Petronet LNG 's earnings growth to be muted in the interim . This could well mean that sharp appreciation in the stock over the medium term is likely to be capped .
If the latest trailers for the upcoming # TransformersTheLastKnight are anything to go by , the # Autobots and # Decepticons will be revealing their previously unknown presence throughout human history . For better or worse , this opens a lot of possibilities for the Transformers movies to bring the franchise 's future installments into new , unexpected territory .
Even if the fifth Transformers movie has yet to hit the big screen , the movie 's creators have revealed where the robots in disguise will wind up next . Here 's everything we know so far about the who , what and where of future Transformers titles .
Bumblebee Goes Old-School
Setting : 1980 - 1989
'Transformers : Dark of the Moon ' [ Credit : Paramount Pictures ]
As reported by SlashFilm , a solo movie starring # Bumblebee ( the yellow Camaro ) will be set at some point in the 1980s , and will be aimed at a younger audience . Travis Knight of Kubo and the Two Strings fame will helm the currently untitled prequel , while Hailee Steinfeld is reported to be the lead character . The Actress recently starred in The Edge of Seventeen , but is perhaps best known for their stand-out role in True Grit .
Although not much else is known about their role , Steinfeld 's leading character has been described as a `` tomboy . ''
The film 's child-friendly approach marks a significant U-turn in regards to the film 's tone , considering a very strange idea that long-time Transformers director # MichaelBay had for a prequel about a sentient robot-car .
`` You know , yeah , that would be fun . There 's actually one idea that would be really fun R rated , with Bumblebee . I do n't wan na say , but it would be really fun . Very Quentin [ Tarantino ] , you know . ''
Specific details are yet to be unveiled , but it 's been said that the Bumblebee movie will feature more human characters than Transformers . Since Bumblebee was also revealed to be a veteran of World War II in a poster for The Last Knight , a kid-friendly solo movie for the robot with a broken voice box will make for an interesting adventure , to say the least .
Roman Transformers , The Real Ancient Aliens
Setting : Ancient Rome
'Gladiator ' [ Credit : DreamWorks Pictures ]
The Last Knight revealed that one of the eras where Transformers were present throughout human history was the Middle Ages . This was met with surprise and ridicule , since the use of Arthurian lore in a movie about giant alien robots seemed to be a sure sign that Transformers was scraping the bottom of the barrel . However , if the news turns out to be true , the Transformers could go even further back in time and duke it out in the age of gladiators : Ancient Rome .
As reported by ScreenRant , insiders were able to get word that there are serious in-house talks about setting the next Transformers movie in the days of the Roman Empire .
While this may sound outlandish , The Last Knight is not the only Transformers movie to have scenes set in ancient times . Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen and Age of Extinction both revealed that the Transformers have been on Earth since the dawn of man , with some taking the form of dinosaurs . What these robots will transform into throughout the days of Caesar , though , is yet to be seen .
An Animated Head-To-Head On Cybertron
Setting : Pre-history
'Transformers : War for Cybertron ' [ Credit : Activision ]
One of the biggest complaints regarding Transformers was its abundance of human characters . Many old school fans would prefer it if the Transformers movies showed the Autobot-Decepticon conflict exclusively from the perspective of the giant robots . With this criticism in mind , it seems as though the creative team responsible for the franchise have considered how to avoid this for future titles .
According to Blastr , Paramount is preparing an animated prequel set in # Cybertron , the Transformers ' home planet where the conflict first began . The prequel is being penned by Ant-Man writing duo Andrew Barrer and Gabriel Ferrari , and will focus on the `` original myth '' of Hasbro 's robots before their eternal rivalry reached Earth .
As the project is still in early development , there 's no word on how the prequel will be released , whether on the big screen or home video .
Of the many ideas planned for the 14 Transformers sequels/spin-offs , this prequel may be the closest thing to a Transformers movie that feels like the original animated series that made the franchise a hit throughout the '80s . This will undoubtedly rekindle some jaded fans ' nostalgia and reignite interest in the Transformers movies .
With any luck , Transformers : The Last Knight will shed a little more light on what to expect for these upcoming prequels .
What setting would you most like to see in a Transformers spin-off ? Let me know in the comments below .
Washington : The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale of a THAAD anti-missile defence system to Saudi Arabia at an estimated cost of $ 15 billion , the Pentagon said on Friday , citing Iran among regional threats .
The approval opens the way for Saudi Arabia to purchase 44 Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) launchers and 360 missiles , as well as fire control stations and radars .
`` This sale furthers U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , and supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of Iranian and other regional threats , '' the Pentagon ` s Defense Security Cooperation agency said in a statement .
Saudi Arabia and the United States are highly critical of what they consider Iran 's aggressive behaviour in the Middle East .
Iran also has one of the biggest ballistic missile programs in the Middle East , viewing it as an essential precautionary defence against the United States and other adversaries , primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel .
THAAD missile systems are deployed to defend against ballistic missile attacks .
Saudi-owned al Arabiya television reported on Thursday that the kingdom had agreed to buy Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems , an announcement that came as Saudi King Salman made during their visit to Russia , the first by a Saudi monarch .
U.S. military sales to Saudi Arabia have come under increased scrutiny over the Saudi-led coalition 's war in Yemen .
Riyadh and its allies have been bombing the Iran-aligned Houthis in Yemen since the Houthis seized much of the country 's north in 2015 . Riyadh says the coalition is fighting terrorists and supporting Yemen 's legitimate government but the office of the U.N. human rights chief has said Saudi-led air strikes cause the majority of civilian casualties .
Lockheed Martin Co is the prime contractor for the THAAD system , with Raytheon Co playing an important role in the system ` s deployment .
The United States deployed THAAD to South Korea this year to guard against North Korea ` s shorter-range missiles . That has drawn fierce criticism from China , which says the system ` s powerful radar can probe deep into its territory .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An icy blast is set to hit parts of Britain this weekend as rain and snow falls on frozen ground .
The Met Office has issued a severe weather warning for ice for much of the north and Scotland with temperatures set to fall below zero .
The cold snap that has affected most of the UK this week looks set to continue this weekend .
The warmest regions will not rise above a lowly 7C while most areas will see lows of 1C .
Up to 3cm of snow is set to fall on higher ground in the north but for most there is danger of ice .
The Met Office Chief forecaster said : `` As we enter a spell of cold weather , a band of rain and snow will move into the UK overnight and into Saturday .
`` Over high ground in Scotland and across the higher Pennine routes , snowfall may amount to 2 or 3 cm in places .
`` However , the main hazards seem more likely to come from ice , where rain falls on frozen surfaces . ''
North West England
( Image : PA )
Rain and snow is predicted to hit the north west - and that will bring with it a threat of ice .
A severe weather warning for ice is in place for all of Saturday morning until 11am .
Temperatures wont push past 7C this weekend and will dip below -1C at night .
There will be patchy rain but places like the Pennies and Lake District could be hit by snow .
North East England
( Image : REUTERS )
A weather warning is also in place for ice in the north east for Saturday between 1am and 11am .
The Met Office has warned that journeys by car , bike and foot may take longer than normal and there is an increased risk of injuries or accidents .
Temperatures will dip to -3C tonight with rain or hill snow expected overnight and on Saturday .
Yorkshire and Humber
( Image : SWNS.com )
This weekend is set to be cold with highs of 5C and lows of -3C .
There will be light rain , mainly for the west of the region , and wintry showers nearer the cost possibly turning to sleet on Sunday .
This will bring a chance of ice with the Met Office putting in place a severe weather warning for ice for Saturday morning .
East Midlands
( Image : Met office )
Rain and snow will fall on the east midlands creating a risk of ice for Saturday morning . A severe weather warning is also in place for tomorrow morning .
Like elsewhere , it will be cold with temperatures randing between -1C and 5C .
Wintry showers could hit the region near the coast but there could also be sunny intervals inbetween .
West Midlands
( Image : PA )
The west midlands have also been advised to prepare for ice and an increased risk of accidents on Saturday morning .
Friday evening will be frosty with temperatures dropping to freezing point .
Patchy rain is likely on Saturday morning , while rain and snow will ease during the afternoon .
South East England and London
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
While no weather warnings are in place , temperatures will dip to -1C in the south east and not rise above 6C on Saturday .
There could still be the odd wintry shower but otherwise there will be outbreaks of light rain and sleet .
The west of the region will remain cloudy tonight possibly leading to a frost .
South West England
( Image : PA )
After a frosty start to Friday morning , patchy rain will spread to the whole region on Saturday .
The west will be hit by the heaviest of the rain which will ease in the east by the afternoon .
There are no weather warnings in place and temperatures will hit as high as 7C .
Wales
( Image : Getty )
Rain will arrive overnight on Friday from the Irish Sea and hit all of Wales by Saturday morning .
This rain will become snow on higher ground but it will ease in the east by Saturday afternoon .
Sunday and Monday will remain cold and there could be more snow overnight on Monday .
There are no weather warnings in place .
Northern Ireland
There is now weather warning in place for Northern Ireland and temperatures will not dip below 2C .
Rain , sleet and snow will clear the west on Saturday morning and be replaced by a bright day with a few scattered showers .
Despite these temperatures will not rise above 6C .
Scotland
A severe weather warning is in place for Saturday morning for ice fir much of eastern Scotland .
Rain and snow will fall on frozen surfaces brining a threat of ice .
Journeys by car , bike and foot may take longer than normal and there could be an increased risk of injuries or accidents .
FILE- In this June 17 , 2017 , file photo , Bill Cosby exits the Montgomery County Courthouse after a mistrial was declared in Norristown , Pa. On Thursday , March 15 , 2018 , a judge agreed to let five additional Cosby accusers testify at their April 2 sexual assault retrial , giving prosecutors a chance to portray the man once known as `` America 's Dad '' as a serial predator who made a habit of drugging and molesting women . ( AP Photo/Matt Rourke , File )
FILE- In this June 17 , 2017 , file photo , Bill Cosby exits the Montgomery County Courthouse after a mistrial was declared in Norristown , Pa. On Thursday , March 15 , 2018 , a judge agreed to let five additional Cosby accusers testify at their April 2 sexual assault retrial , giving prosecutors a chance to portray the man once known as `` America 's Dad '' as a serial predator who made a habit of drugging and molesting women . ( AP Photo/Matt Rourke , File )
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - A judge is pushing back the start of Bill Cosby 's sexual assault retrial just a few days after rejecting their lawyers ' demands for a three-month delay .
Judge Steven O'Neill on Monday moved the start of jury selection to April 2 from March 29 . They scheduled hearings March 29 and 30 to resolve pretrial issues .
Cosby 's lawyers were pressing for a longer delay after O'Neill ruled last week that up to five additional accusers could testify . They argued they needed more time to investigate the women 's allegations and work up a defense .
Cosby has pleaded not guilty to charges they drugged and molested Andrea Constand at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004 .
Cosby 's first trial last year ended in a hung jury .
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission , which Constand has .
___
For more on the Cosby trial , go to https : //apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
× Activists push for closure of Workhouse
ST. LOUIS – Hundreds marked this Independence Day by calling on officials to close St. Louis ' Medium Security Jail , more commonly known as “ the Workhouse . ”
The group Close the Workhouse rallied Wednesday morning in front of the City Justice Center downtown as a parade celebrating the Fourth of July took place a block away .
Among those who spoke at the rally were people who have been incarcerated at the Workhouse on Hall Street in north city .
Rally organizers described conditions inside the Workhouse as “ hellish ” and want it closed as soon as possible .
“ I would call them inhumane . And I would say they 're that not just so inhumane that people can over them immediately upon release . The conditions are such that they reach into the psyche of anyone who experiences them , ” said Michelle Higgins , the campaign 's lead organizer .
Organizers believe too many are jailed overall in St. Louis , especially poor people .
The group said it will present city leaders—including Mayor Krewson—with a plan on why the workhouse should be closed and what their suggestions are moving forward .
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1 . Duke ( 11-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Evansville , Wednesday , Dec. 20 .
2 . Kansas ( 7-2 ) lost to No . 16 Arizona State 95-85 . Next : at Nebraska , Saturday .
3 . Michigan State ( 9-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Oakland , Saturday .
4 . Villanova ( 10-0 ) beat La Salle 77-68 . Next : at Temple , Wednesday .
5 . Florida ( 6-3 ) did not play . Next : vs. Clemson , Saturday .
6 . Wichita State ( 8-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Oklahoma , Saturday .
7 . Texas A & M ( 8-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Savannah State , Wednesday .
8 . Kentucky ( 8-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Virginia Tech , Saturday .
9 . Notre Dame ( 8-2 ) did not play . Next : vs. Indiana , Saturday .
10 . Miami ( 8-0 ) did not play . Next : at George Washington , Saturday .
11 . North Carolina ( 9-1 ) did not play . Next : at No . 24 Tennessee , Sunday .
12 . Gonzaga ( 7-2 ) at Washington . Next : vs. North Dakota , Saturday .
13 . Xavier ( 9-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. ETSU , Saturday .
14 . Minnesota ( 8-3 ) did not play . Next : vs. Drake , Monday .
15 . Virginia ( 8-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Davidson , Saturday .
16 . Arizona State ( 9-0 ) beat No . 2 Kansas 95-85 . Next : vs. Vanderbilt , Sunday .
17 . Cincinnati ( 7-2 ) did not play . Next : vs. Mississippi State , Tuesday .
18 . West Virginia ( 9-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Coppin State , Wednesday , Dec. 20 .
19 . Seton Hall ( 8-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. Saint Peter 's , Tuesday .
20 . TCU ( 10-0 ) did not play . Next : vs. Texas Southern , Monday , Dec. 18 .
21 . Purdue ( 9-2 ) vs. IUPUI . Next : vs. Butler , Saturday .
22 . Nevada ( 8-2 ) did not play . Next : vs. Radford , Sunday .
23 . Baylor ( 7-2 ) did not play . Next : vs. Texas Southern , Thursday .
24 . Tennessee ( 7-1 ) did not play . Next : vs. No . 11 North Carolina , Sunday .
25 . Southern Cal ( 4-3 ) did not play . Next : vs. Santa Clara , Thursday .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHULA VISTA , Calif. – Vandals that recently egged a home in Chula Vista were caught on camera .
The vandals can be seen on surveillance video as they made a drive-by egg attack Sunday night . From another camera angle , some of the eggs can be seen hitting the house .
Tino del Real says at least eight eggs hit their house and vehicles .
“ My car , you can see little stains on it , I could n't get rid of them , ” they said .
Del Real recently installed a surveillance camera system that recorded the vandalism . They say the suspects went by the house and then returned about three minutes later to launch the eggs . That 's when their wife immediately ran out .
“ My wife came out quickly and we did n't see anything , they just looked back and they saw a couple eggs coming down the side of the house , ” del Real said .
Some of the eggs also hit their work van .
“ You can see the eggshells ... I think that one did ruin the paint , '' they said .
Del Real called Chula Vista police but they said there was n't much they could do .
“ They just said they could file a report but it 's not actually vandalism because there 's no damage to the car ... if I let the egg sit on my truck for days , it will be vandalism because then I will have to paint my truck . It will cost me money , ” they said .
And del Real says this was n't the first time .
“ This is like the second or third time it 's happened , '' they said .
Del Real told FOX 5 another house down the street was hit by the same people . They now have a pretty good idea of who 's behind it .
“ We have to put a stop to it because they might get hurt by somebody else that sees it . If I were to catch them right here , I will follow them in my truck . I do n't care . I love my truck , I love my family , I will always protect my family , ” they said .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jamaal Lascelles has been rewarded with a new six-year deal .
The Newcastle defender was made skipper by boss Rafa Benitez this season and responded by scoring two match-winning goals , against Swansea and Stoke .
Benitez has now moved to ward off potential interest from elite clubs by handing over a new deal lasting until 2023 .
Former Nottingham Forest youngster Lascelles , 23 , said : “ I 'm over the moon .
( Image : Getty )
“ Since I came to Newcastle , I 've been happy ; I love the city , the football and the fans . Everything about it , I enjoy . So I 'm happy to be tied down for the next six years here .
“ We 've got a group of ambitious lads , the fans are excellent and the manager has got trust in me , so I 'm really happy here and I want to take the club as high as it can go . ”
Benitez added : “ As soon as I made the decision to make Jamaal the captain of Newcastle United , they rose to the challenge and they have developed as a player and a character .
“ He has proven themselves to be a very good leader and a good role model too .
“ He has also improved as a player , responding well to our advice and guidance and getting better with every game .
“ I would like to congratulate them on their new contract with the club , it is very well deserved. ” ​
Residents were evacuated from the Pinewood Manor Apartments in Saginaw Wednesday night .
At this time it is unclear why .
The Red Cross disaster services team was at the complex , located at 2715 S. Jefferson , to evaluate the situation .
People were seen standing and sitting outside of the complex .
The Saginaw County Sheriff 's Department said their road patrol and support division were at the apartment to assist in evacuation .
There were Saginaw city firetrucks , STARS buses and sheriff 's deputies on scene Wednesday night .
TV5 will update once we get more information .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Carlos Tevez really , REALLY loves Disneyland . In fact , the former Manchester United and City striker might be a bigger fan of Mickey Mouse than they are of football .
A couple of months before the 2014 World Cup , the striker - who still had an outside chance of making the Argentina squad for the tournament - was asked about their possible summer plans .
“ I do n't think I will watch my national team play at the World Cup , '' they replied . `` I 've already bought tickets to go with my wife and my three children to Disney World . ''
Now , they have gone one step further… by missing a game for their OWN team so they could visit Shanghai Disneyland .
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : Marsaili McGrath/Getty )
Now , in fairness to Tevez , they are currently injured . Out with a calf problem , it 's not as if chose to visit Disneyland rather than play for their Shanghai Shenua side .
HOWEVER , let us remind you that Carlos Tevez earns more money than any other footballer on Earth . Their contract at Shenua see them paid a frankly ludicrous £615,000 per week .
As such , Shenhua supporters were more than a little upset by their decision to visit a theme park , rather than travel with their team to their match against Changchun Yatai…
Their club is apparently fine with it . Since they went to Disneyland in a `` private capacity '' there was no reason for them to be sanctioned , Ma Yue , Shanghai Shenhua spokesperson told AFP .
Still , a little piece of advice for Tevez .
When you are being paid the world 's most extortionate wages , it might be worth turning up to matches… even if you 're not going to be playing .
× KPLR to be sold as Sinclair works to close Tribune Media acquisition
ST. LOUIS , MO – Sinclair Broadcast Group , Inc. announced Tuesday that it has entered into agreements to sell television station assets to Standard Media Group LLC , Meredith Corporation , Howard Stirk and Cunningham Broadcasting Corporation , and another party to be announced in order meet government regulations and complete its purchase of Tribune Media Company .
The agreements include selling KPLR-TV to Meredith , which also owns KMOV-TV in St. Louis .
KTVI-TV and KPLR-TV are currently owned by Tribune Media Company . KTVI will be owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group at the close of the sale .
Sinclair will own , operate and/or provide services to 215 television stations in 102 markets when the acquisition is complete .
More information : sbgi.net
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brandon Block is apparently set to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house .
The 90s DJ , best known for storming the Brit Awards stage back in 2000 , is the latest star to sign up for the Stars series .
The star , who once admitted to spending over £2,000 on their former cocaine addiction , will reportedly be part of the line-up when the show launches tomorrow .
A source said : “ Brandon was a huge name in the Nineties .
( Photo : Photoshot )
“ He was on radio constantly and their hard-partying ways were all over the papers .
“ Not only was they a successful DJ but also a big producer throughout the late Eighties , too . When CBB offered them a spot this year they were well up for it .
It comes as Katie Price looks set to return to the Celebrity Big Brother house .
The Loose Women star first appeared on the show back in 2015 , but the latest teaser from bosses has given fans their biggest hint yet about their rumoured comeback .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : ITV )
CBB has recently been teasing fans with short video clips of confirmed housemates .
A 19-second clip posed to the reality show 's official Twitter account features a silhouetted woman with sizeable cleavage talking about internet trolls .
They said : “ Who gives the trolls the right to comment on my marriage ? What , is everyone 's husband perfect ? ”
Sworn To Secrecy : Trump 's History Of Using Nondisclosure Agreements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
President Trump may have brought one of their favorite tools for dealing with staff in the business world with them into the White House : confidentiality agreements .
As a business person , Trump routinely required employees to sign agreements promising not to reveal secrets of the Trump Organization . They did the same during their presidential campaign and the post-election transition period . And according to the Washington Post , Trump has imposed the same confidentiality requirements on some senior members of the White House staff .
The administration took issue with the Post 's story , which cited a draft version of a nondisclosure agreement that included a $ 10 million penalty for violators .
That potential fine , at least , is n't correct , the White House said .
`` While nondisclosure agreements are commonplace and common practice for previous administrations , I can say the report that staff were required or asked to sign $ 10 million nondisclosure agreements is not true , '' White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley told reporters traveling on Air Force One . `` But past that , I ca n't get into security and obviously I ca n't get into that any further. ``
Gidley added that they had not personally been asked to sign an agreement .
`` I 've never seen one . I 've never been asked to sign one . And I have never signed one , '' they said .
Although nondisclosure agreements may be routinely used in the business world , critics say they have no place in the West Wing , where employees do n't work for shareholders , but for the people of the United States .
`` Public employees ca n't be gagged by private agreements , '' Ben Wizner of the ACLU 's Speech , Privacy , and Technology Project said in a statement . `` These so-called NDAs are unconstitutional and unenforceable . ''
Trump has a long history of using nondisclosure agreements to protect secrets and discourage disparaging comments .
In 2013 , they successfully sued a Miss Universe contestant for $ 5 million after they complained publicly that the beauty pageant was rigged . Two decades earlier , Trump sued their ex-wife Ivana for allegedly violating the confidentiality agreement surrounding their divorce . That case was ultimately settled .
Stephanie Clifford , an adult film actor who performs under the name Stormy Daniels , collected $ 130,000 in 2016 in exchange for their silence concerning an affair they allegedly had with Trump . Clifford 's attorney has argued the agreement is nonbinding , but Trump 's lawyer disagrees . Attorney Michael Cohen has argued that Clifford could need to pay at least $ 20 million in damages if they violate the agreement .
As they campaigned for president , Trump said they imagined requiring White House staffers to pledge their secrecy .
`` When people are chosen by a man to go into government at high levels , and then they leave government and they write a book about a man and say a lot of things that were really guarded and personal — I do n't like that , '' Trump told the Washington Post in 2016 .
Reporter Bob Woodward asked Trump if they thought such agreements were `` airtight . ''
`` I think they 're extremely airtight , '' Trump said . `` Let 's put it this way : it 's so airtight that I 've never had ... you know , I 've never had a problem with this sort of thing . ''
Woodward suggested it might be different in Washington .
`` The taxpayers are paying the other people in the federal government , '' they said .
Federal employees and contractors who work with classified information are routinely asked to sign nondisclosure agreements . There 's even a standardized government form for it : Form 312 .
But they 're not always effective . A former Navy SEAL who took part in the raid that killed Osama bin Laden published a best-selling book about the operation . Threats of legal action by the Department of Defense only boosted readers ' interest .
Courts have sometimes refused to enforce nondisclosure agreements , especially in cases where the information sheds light on corporate behavior that might pose a threat to public health or safety .
`` The idea was , this is n't something that a company should be able to — by contract — hide from the general public , '' said law professor Jodi Short of the University of California 's Hastings College of the Law .
They added that nondisclosure agreements are generally governed by state law , so the rules can vary . But general principles of contract law dictate that employees ca n't be coerced into signing . And they must receive something of value in return for their silence , like the $ 130,000 paid to Clifford .
A judge might be unwilling to nullify a nondisclosure agreement simply to satisfy public curiosity , Short said , if no broader health or safety issue were involved . But the power of such agreements to compel silence is limited .
`` You do n't get put in jail for breaking a contract , '' Short said . `` All you have to do is pay damages . If you have enough money to pay damages , then nobody can stop you . ''
The removal of their ovaries never came up during their surgery consultations .
Lucinda Methuen-Campbell was considering treatment for a bowel disorder at the Spire Hospital in Bristol , England , in 2016 .
A surgeon there , Anthony Dixon , had gained international recognition for fixing patients ' bowel problems with vaginal mesh implants . Methuen-Campbell went ahead with the surgery — and was shocked to learn afterward that Dixon had removed them ovaries .
They asked them why .
`` He said they thought he 'd done me a favour . And they said , ' I thought you know , a woman of your age would n't really need their ovaries , ' `` Methuen-Campbell told the BBC .
`` I said , 'Why did you remove them ? ' and they just said , 'They were in the way , ' `` they said . `` My life is absolutely ruined . ''
Things got worse . The implant had left them in severe pain , which , as time passed , grew more agonizing .
Methuen-Campbell was recently found dead , having hanged themselves in their Swansea attic , the BBC reported . Swansea assistant coroner Aled Gruffydd concluded their death was a suicide , saying the operation `` was unsuccessful and made them pain worse and it affected their mental health . '' They were 58 .
`` I 'm satisfied without doubt that they intended to take their own life , '' Gruffydd said during an inquest into Methuen-Campbell 's death . `` The pain they were in led to them taking their own life . ''
Methuen-Campbell 's former partner , Philip Chatfield , said that Methuen-Campbell felt that there `` did n't seem to be a way out of the pain . ''
Torii Station , Okinawa ( Feb 12 , 2017 ) –Sgt . Maj. Juan Rosario-Montalvo ( left ) and Sgt.Keila Hernandez run together to the finish line of the 12-mile ruck march during the US Army Japans the best warrior competition . The top competitors of this competition will continue on to compete in a pacific-wide competition in Hawaii . ( U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist Taylor Mohr )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 04:42 Photo ID : 3166667 VIRIN : 170212-N-IM663-060 Resolution : 4891x3494 Size : 2.31 MB Location : JP Web Views : 2 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Soldiers and Airmen participate in the best warrior competition in Okinawa [ Image 1 of 4 ] , by PO2 taylor mohr , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Obama To Make Their Presidential Farewell Address In Chicago
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
Since George Washington penned their farewell address in 1796 , announcing they would not seek reelection and laying out their hopes and fears for the nascent country , presidential farewell speeches have become an enshrined tradition in the peaceful and democratic transfer of power .
President Obama announced Monday that their farewell speech will be Tuesday , Jan. 10 in Chicago . It will be held at McCormick Place , the venue for Obama 's 2012 Election Night celebration . In announcing the speech , Obama said he 's just starting to write their remarks but he 's `` thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you 've changed this country for the better these past eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here . ''
Presidential farewell speeches have historically been a chance for presidents to defend their accomplishments and lay out their hopes for the future . In some cases , the speeches have included pointed warnings that reverberate long after the speech has ended . For example , in their farewell address on Jan. 17 , 1961 , President Dwight Eisenhower warned the country about the growing might of the military , and in doing so , coined the term `` military-industrial complex , '' the relationship between the U.S. armed forces and defense contractors . NPR 's Tom Bowman reported on the lasting impact of this speech in 2011 , noting that it `` has become a rallying cry for opponents of military expansion . '' Bowman said :
Eisenhower was worried about the costs of an arms race with the Soviet Union , and the resources it would take from other areas — such as building hospitals and schools . Bowman says that in the speech , Eisenhower also spoke as someone who had seen the horror and lingering sadness of war , saying that `` we must learn how to compose differences not with arms , but with intellect and decent purpose . '' Another concern , Bowman says , was the possibility that as the military and the arms industry gained power , they would be a threat to democracy , with civilians losing control of the military-industrial complex .
In their farewell address on Jan. 15 , 1953 , President Harry Truman reflected on and defended their decision to drop the atomic bomb in Japan and mused about the start of the Cold War era . They said :
I suppose that history will remember my term in office as the years when the `` cold war '' began to overshadow our lives . I have had hardly a day in office that has not been dominated by this all—embracing struggle—this conflict between those who love freedom and those who would lead the world back into slavery and darkness . And always in the background there has been the atomic bomb .
President Ronald Reagan named the deficit as one of their regrets in their address to the nation on Jan. 11 , 1989 . They called out `` popular culture '' saying :
For those who create the popular culture , well-grounded patriotism is no longer the style . Our spirit is back , but we have n't reinstitutionalized it . We 've got to do a better job of getting across that America is freedom . ... And freedom is special and rare . It 's fragile . It needs production . So we 've got to teach history based not on what is in fashion , but what is important .
In President Bill Clinton 's speech on January 18 , 2001 , Clinton hailed the economic progress under their administration and called for the U.S. to be a beacon of freedom and peace in the world . They also saluted America 's diversity , saying :
In our hearts and in our laws , we must treat all our people with fairness and dignity , regardless of their race , religion , gender or sexual orientation and regardless of when they arrived in our country , always moving toward the more perfect union of our founders ' dreams .
George W. Bush delivered their farewell address on Jan. 15 , 2009 . Despite their dismal approval ratings and a limping economy , they said , `` You may not agree with some of the tough decisions I have made , but I hope you can agree that I was willing to make the tough decisions . '' They also called Obama 's election `` a moment of hope and pride for our whole nation . ''
Obama leaves office with their approval rating at a seven-year high , according to Gallup . Despite Obama 's conciliatory post-election speech about president-elect Donald Trump , and their administration 's ongoing transition work , Trump tweeted on Dec. 28 : `` Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks . Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT ! ''
With the country fiercely divided after the election , Obama is expected to continue to strike a hopeful tone about the incoming Trump administration . And with much of their policy legacy — including their executive actions on immigration and the Affordable Care Act — at stake , it 's likely Obama will use their address to defend their actions .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The NFL season reaches its finale on Sunday night as the New England Patriots look to win their third Vince Lombardi trophy in four years .
Tom Brady and Bill Belichick have been the one of the deadliest quarterback and coach combinations in NFL history - but they face one of their toughest opponents to date .
Nick Foles has proved their doubters wrong by leading the Philadelphia Eagles to sport 's biggest stage .
But have we already seen the best of the Eagles ' back-up ?
We gathered some of the UK 's top NFL experts give their predictions for the big game :
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Osi Umenyiora
Former NFL player and Super Bowl champion with New York Giants , also represented the Atlanta Falcons . BBC NFL pundit .
Winner : Leaning towards Philadelphia
Margin of victory : Less than a one score game
Prediction : They 're so hungry , they 've never won one . I have a feeling about Philadelphia . It 's going to be a tight game , there will be no blowout here , the coaching staff wo n't allow that .
MVP : Fletcher Cox
Surprise star : Jay Ajayi - that would be a great story , he 's been playing really well , if they keep on playing that way - Philadelphia will try to run the ball - they could be the star .
Bold prediction : Look for Alshon Jefferey to have a big game , he 's a really good football player , Philly will try to get the ball in their hands as much as possible . Maybe a 30+ yard reception for Alshon .
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Patriots and Falcons
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Jason Bell
Former NFL cornerback for Dallas Cowboys , Houston Texans and New York Giants , BBC NFL pundit .
Winner : My mind says the Patriots , my heart says the Eagles
Prediction : The real battle will be the Eagles defense vs the Patriots offense , that defensive line vs Tom Brady . What the Eagles have done well is create a lot of turnovers . Tom Brady does n't turn over the ball much . If they can make them turn it over , they 'll score points , they could arguably score enough to win . That 's how they blew out the Vikings . It 'll be tight , but if they win on offense and special teams , they can win , you need to win two out of the three phases .
Margin of victory : Less than a score
MVP : Nick Foles or Fletcher Cox
Surprise star : Patrick Robinson in the slot corner , he 'll have to cover Danny Amendola , if you double Gronkowski , you say , `` alright Patrick , you 're better than him . '' They could have a very significant game .
Bold prediction : A tight game with something on special teams being the difference : a blocked punt , a return of some sort . Something , somewhere , a guy on special teams will change this game . To the casual fans , he 's just a guy , somebody on special teams will be the star !
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Jaguars and Vikings
Super Bowl LII , the climax of the NFL season , is live from Minneapolis this Sunday at 11.20pm on BBC One , with a preview on The NFL Show this Saturday on BBC One after Match of the Day .
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Neil Reynolds
Lead anchor of Sky Sports ' NFL coverage , reporting on the league since 1991 .
Winner : Patriots
Margin of victory : 3 points
Prediction : I think experience on the big stage will benefit the Patriots and I give Bill Belichick the edge in coaching . This will be close and hard fought but just enough big plays from Brady coupled with some good New England defence will see them home .
MVP : Tom Brady
Surprise star : James White
Bold prediction : Tom Brady will be harassed by the Philadelphia defence early and will not reach their usual high standards . But reputation and . Sixth Super Bowl win will see them named MVP .
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : It depends on free agency and the NFL Draft but I like Jacksonville from the AFC and I think Philadelphia will return with a fit-again Carson Wentz .
( Image : Getty Images North America )
Jeff Reinebold
Sky Sports NFL pundit and special teams coach for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Winner : Patriots
Margin of victory : 6 points or fewer
Prediction : The Pats will win as they have too many ways to move the football on offence - especially if Rob Gronkowski is fit . Brady is a master at using tempo to keep defenses from substituting . As the defensive line gets tired they will take control .
MVP : Tom Brady
Surprise star : Rex Burkhead
Bold prediction : Eagles wo n't sack Brady more than tiwice
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Jaguars and Eagles
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Nat Coombs
TV and radio host for NFL coverage on talkSPORT .
Winner : Eagles
Margin of victory : 3 points
Prediction : The Eagles have been channeling their inner Balboa ever since Carson `` Wentz '' down . Part of me is shaking like a leaf going against the greatest Head Coach/QB tandem in the game , and I 'll probably regret this at the Monday AM press conference when Belichick 's eyes bore through me as they celebrate their sixth Super Bowl . But for now , I like the Eagles defensive swagger , smash and run game , and Nick Foles is distinctly underrated . Philly in a tight one .
MVP : Heart says Fletcher Cox , head says Nick Foles or Jay Ajayi
Surprise star : Zach Ertz
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Jaguars and Saints
Nat will be co-anchoring live coverage of Super Bowl LII alongside Will Gavin on talkSPORT from 10pm on Sunday - 1089am , via the talkSPORT app or online at talksport.com . You can also catch the NFL Show with Nat Coombs every Tuesday , 4pm on talkSPORT 2 .
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Will Gavin
Radio presenter on talkSPORT and presenter of Sunday Night Football .
Winner : Patriots
Margin of victory : 17 points
Prediction : I desperately do n't want a blowout , I always root for a great game in the Super Bowl over the result I 'd like to see personally , but I 'm just not convinced Nick Foles and the Eagles can pull off a third upset . The Eagles have been brilliantly coached over their two playoff wins so far , but against Bill Belichick I suspect it will be a step too far . If it is a big pat win then Brady is the obvious MVP candidate , let 's just hope for the emergence of some new , exciting teams in the AFC to challenge the double dynasty .
MVP : Tom Brady
Surprise star : Stephon Gilmore
Bold prediction : No turnovers in the game at all .
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Jaguars and Rams
( Image : Getty Images North America )
Alexandra Porter
Manchester Evening News sports reporter and New York Giants fan
Winner : Patriots
Margin of victory : 7 points or fewer
Prediction : It 's difficult to write off Nick Foles after their last performance , but it 's also extremely hard to see them producing something similar against a very experienced Pats side . Bill Belichick and Tom Brady get the headlines , but the vast majority of the roster know what it takes to win on this stage . Fletcher Cox will ensure Brady has more to think about this week and I back the Eagles to disrupt their rhythm more than others have done on the play-off run , but I still back the perennial winners to get the job done when it counts .
MVP : Tom Brady ( again )
Surprise star : James Harrison
Bold prediction : There to be a crucial special teams play . Belichick loves special teams !
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Patriots and Rams
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Neil Rowlands , Mirror Sport
Mirror Sport production editor and Washington Redskins fan .
Winner : Patriots
Margin of victory : 14 points plus
Prediction : With two weeks to prepare , I 'd expect New England to beat Philadelphia even if the Eagles ' first-choice quarterback Carson Wentz was fit . They are n't . As their back-up Nick Foles is playing instead , the only way I 'd pick Philadelphia is if Bill Belichick was coaching them .
MVP : Rob Gronkowski
Surprise star : James Harrison
Bold prediction : Bill Belichick to smile DURING the game
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Patriots and 49ers
( Image : Getty Images North America )
Aaron Flanagan
Mirror Sport reporter and Detroit Lions fan .
Winner : Patriots
Margin of victory : 7 points
Prediction : Nick Foles surely does not have another performance in them like they had against the Vikings . They keep proving everyone wrong but I still fail to be convinced . With the added pressure of the occasion , I ca n't see them
MVP : Tom Brady
Surprise star : James White to run home points at the crucial time ... again
Bold prediction : Under 35 points to be scored in the game .
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Jaguars and Eagles
( Image : USA TODAY Sports )
Jack Rathborn
Mirror Sport reporter and Dallas Cowboys fan .
Winner : Eagles
Margin of victory : 3 points
MVP : Brandon Graham
Surprise star : Brandon Graham
Prediction : It 's well documented how much of an advantage it is to rush the QB with four and a defensive play is likely to shift momentum enough to help the Eagles overcome the formidable Patriots .
Very few can claim to outcoach the great Bill Belichick , though Doug Pederson and defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz will hope to devise a plan to put Brady on their skates .
Fletcher Cox is hotly tipped to be that dominant force for Schwartz 's D , though Brandon Graham is equally capable of providing the inspiration for the upset .
Looking ahead ... which two teams make the Super Bowl next year : Steelers and Cowboys
Sky Sports is showing Super Bowl LII live on 4th February . The NFL is part of a schedule of sport on Sky Sports Action and Arena that also includes rugby union , rugby league , darts , netball , tennis and boxing .
For Telangana , the estimated revenue for 2017-18 from GST has been calculated taking the year 2015-16 as the base , after subtracting tax money earned from petroleum and liquor .
Hyderabad : Around 150,000 traders , or nearly 82 % of the total in Telangana , have registered themselves with the commercial taxes department , auguring well for the roll-out of the goods and services tax ( GST ) in the state on 1 July .
Senior government officials said GST is unlikely to have much of a negative impact on the state 's revenues .
“ Chances of a drastic fall in revenues are not high , as Telangana is not huge in terms of production in comparison with states like Gujarat or Tamil Nadu . States like those will incur more losses because they earn tax money when goods manufactured there are sold outside . Since GST is destination based , that tax revenue will now go to the state where products are sold , ” said Somesh Kumar , principal secretary to government ( commercial taxes and excise ) .
For Telangana , the estimated revenue for 2017-18 from GST has been calculated taking the year 2015-16 as the base , after subtracting tax money earned from petroleum and liquor .
“ In 2015-16 , Rs30,870 crore was the total revenue . So the base amount is Rs15,830 crore , on which 14 % for 2016-17 and another 14 % ( on Rs15,830 plus 14 % ) for 2017-18 have been taken as the money we should get from GST . If there is any shortfall , the centre will make up for it , ” Kumar said .
Another senior official from the finance department , who did n't wish to be named , was cautious . “ How the GST will affect Telanagana 's exchequer can be gauged only after it comes into affect , ” they added .
Separately , the commercial taxes department , in a tie-up with the Indian Institute of Technology–Hyderabad , has developed an app , primarily targeted at hotels and restaurants , to enable customers to complain in case they notice anything amiss .
“ All you need to do is to take a photo of the bill and it will be uploaded on our server . The software will scan for the hotel 's VAT ( later GST ) number and other details , ” said Kumar . The primary objective of the app is to encourage people from complaining to the department if they feel that hotels are being unscrupulous .
“ Most of the plaints that come are about service charge , which has nothing to do with commercial taxes ” , Kumar added . To encourage the public , the Commercial Taxes department will also conduct lotteries and give complainants gifts or a cash reward .
“ We want hotels to pay their taxes . The problem is that they collect taxes from the public and not pay it to us . This is one way of working on it and also to increase public awareness , ” they added . The app , which is will be launched in a couple of weeks and is presently in the beta stage . While it was not decided for sure , it was called the T-VAT initially and might be named as the TS-GST , Kumar said .
`` It was n't that the people in the study were sleep-deprived . But their sleep tended to be fragmented . Sleeping for eight hours at night is very different from getting eight hours of sleep in one-hour increments during daytime naps . ''
`` Over two months , mice with disrupted circadian rhythms developed considerably more amyloid plaques than mice with normal rhythms . The mice also had changes in the normal , daily rhythms of amyloid protein in the brain . It 's the first data demonstrating that the disruption of circadian rhythms could be accelerating the deposition of plaques . ''
`` In this new study , we found that people with preclinical Alzheimer 's disease had more fragmentation in their circadian activity patterns , with more periods of inactivity or sleep during the day and more periods of activity at night . ''
`` At the very least , these disruptions in circadian rhythms may serve as a biomarker for preclinical disease .
We want to bring back these subjects in the future to learn more about whether their sleep and circadian rhythm problems lead to increased Alzheimer 's risk or whether the Alzheimer 's disease brain changes cause sleep/wake cycle and circadian problems . ''
Damage to the brain can occur 15 to 20 years before the clinical symptoms appear.The finding is an important sign because damage to the brain can occur 15 to 20 years before the clinical symptoms appear.Dr Erik S. Musiek , the study 's first author , said : Studies in people and animals have now linked poor sleep to higher levels of amyloid protein build-up in the brain . Amyloid is thought to be a cause of Alzheimer's.Dr Musiek said : For the study , 189 normal older adults with an average age of 66 were tracked.50 of these turned out to have problems with sleep.Dr Yo-El Ju , study co-author , said : It is not yet known if poor sleep is contributing to Alzheimer 's or whether it is a symptom of the disease 's early stages.Dr Ju said :
The mining boom made the whole GST system `` go bung '' but Scott Morrison says a new carve-up and funding boosts totalling $ 5.2 billion over the next eight years will leave no state or territory worse off .
Under a new formula , to be detailed by the Treasurer on Thursday , the federal government will ensure that by 2022 , no state receives less than 70 cents per person per dollar of GST .
The funding will be untied , meaning governments will be able to spend it as they see fit to deliver services in their state , including schools , hospitals , roads and rail .
Western Australia is expected to be the only state with a relativity below 0.70 during the phase-in time from next financial year .
`` Bigger states are still subsidising smaller states , but not unreasonably as has happened because of the way the formula was working before , '' they told Sky News .
The Commonwealth could go it alone on the GST plan but Mr Morrison wants the support of each state and territory by the end of the year .
They 're slated to receive $ 67.3 billion in GST payments in 2018/19 , rising to $ 112.25 billion , including the top-ups , in 2028/29 .
The system under which GST is shared , known as horizontal fiscal equalisation , has not been changed significantly since the consumption tax was introduced in 2000 .
The benchmark for HFE will shift over eight years to a new standard that will ensure the fiscal capacity of all states and territories is at least the equal of NSW or Victoria ( whichever is higher ) .
`` Benchmarking all states and territories to the economies of the two largest states will remove the effects of extreme circumstances , like the mining boom , from Australia 's GST distribution system , '' Mr Morrison said .
They said the mining minerals boom `` basically made the whole GST system go bung '' and while no-one was at fault it 's their job was to make sure it wo n't happen again .
As well as moving to a new standard , the government will put in place the new `` floor '' of 70 cents per person per dollar of GST , below which no state 's relativity can fall , from 2022/23 .
This will rise to 75 cents from 2024/25 .
The government has rejected the recommendation of a Productivity Commission review to use an `` average '' figure to equalise the payments , which Mr Morrison said would have left smaller states behind .
`` It would have been too costly , too much impact on other smaller states and territories . That was n't going to fly , '' they told Nine Network .
`` We needed something that was more achievable . ''
WA 's GST share dropped to 30 cents in the dollar per person as a result of the mining boom , which triggered the review .
During the transition to the new system , the federal government will provide short-term funding to ensure no state receives less than 70 cents per person per dollar of GST .
The first injection into the new GST distribution will be worth $ 600 million in 2021/22 , with the second injection of $ 250 million in 2024/25 .
The combined additional commonwealth funding would then be indexed to grow in line with GST collections on a permanent basis .
State and territory Treasurers will meet in September to discuss the plan , with a final agreement expected by the end of 2018 .
Advocates Say Teen Migrants Need Help , Not Detention Facilities
More unaccompanied migrant teens are crossing into the U.S. as parts of Central America struggles with gang violence . The teens may seek amnesty but some are detained while their cases are heard .
NOEL KING , HOST :
Parts of Central America are torn by severe gang violence , and so we 're seeing an uptick in the number of migrant teenagers crossing into this country . President Trump has said many of these kids are gang members themselves and they should be sent back . But as reporter Jessie Knadler reports , immigrant advocates say most of them just need help .
JESSIE KNADLER , BYLINE : Seth Michelson teaches poetry at Washington and Lee University in Virginia . And once a week , they would drive out to the Shenandoah Valley Juvenile Center .
( SOUNDBITE OF BEEPING )
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN : How can I help you ?
SETH MICHELSON : Seth Michelson here for poetry .
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN : All right , go on in .
MICHELSON : Thank you .
KNADLER : Almost 32,000 minors fled north last year from El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala without their parents and were picked up at the U.S.-Mexico border . Under the law , they are allowed to apply for asylum here . Several dozen are being held at this maximum-security juvenile detention facility . Michelson thought poetry would help them process what they 've been through - poverty , sexual trafficking , being targeted by gangs .
UNIDENTIFIED MAN # 1 : ( Speaking Spanish ) .
KNADLER : One boy 's poem is titled `` Olvido . ''
UNIDENTIFIED MAN # 2 : ( Through interpreter ) With no reason to exist , I often forget that I am real , and this makes my soul ache .
KNADLER : The U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement decides where to place these minors . The vast majority are released to family or shelters across the country while they wait for their cases to be heard in immigration court . But about 200 a year are deemed dangerous , either to themselves or others , and detained , sometimes for years .
HOLLY COOPER : Children do n't see an end to the detention in sight . So just retelling your story is traumatic . Then being in a cell is traumatic . Not knowing the end date of when you 're going to be released I think really weighs heavy on the children .
KNADLER : Holly Cooper is co-director of the Immigration Law Clinic at the University of California , Davis . They say many do n't even understand why they 're detained . Federal officials must give them an explanation , but Cooper says that could be a form letter that the kids ca n't even read .
COOPER : Of course , it 's all in English , right ?
KNADLER : These minors are in a legal no man 's land . They are temporarily protected from deportation but do n't have the same rights as U.S. citizens . They do n't have a right to a court-appointed lawyer , so some represent themselves . The American Civil Liberties Union did win a case late last year when judges ruled a couple dozen minors were misclassified by federal officials as dangerous and released them . Lenni Benson is the director of New York Law School 's Safe Passage Project , which works with the teens .
LENNI BENSON : I think a lot of kids that have come into the juvenile justice system now are just being labeled first and we 'll figure it out later .
KNADLER : But Trump says that the violent MS-13 gang , which has ties in Central America , is exploiting this system . Their administration wants to close loopholes that they say allow gang members to enter the country as unaccompanied alien children , or UACs . Scott Lloyd , director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement , also testified before Congress they 're ramping up gang prevention .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
SCOTT LLOYD : The goal of this initiative is to equip UAC with the tools they need to stay safe from gangs like MS-13 and violence and to ensure that the UAC we release from our care do not pose a danger to our communities .
KNADLER : At the Shenandoah Juvenile Center in Virginia , there 's another legal fight . A lawsuit alleges beatings and psychological abuse by guards . Officials at the center have denied the allegations . Professor Michelson says their poetry sessions helped the kids .
MICHELSON : Poetry gives them a language to think about what they 've been through , who they are , who they 'd like to be , in ways that are potentially transformative .
KNADLER : Late last year , they published a book of poetry from the kids called `` Dreaming America . '' After that , officials at the center asked them not to return . Proceeds from sales go to a legal defense fund on their behalf . For NPR News , I 'm Jessie Knadler in Virginia .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Washington School Threat Deemed Non-Credible
Upon further investigation conducted by local law enforcement and Washington Community School
District ( WCSD ) officials , it has been determined that the student accused of making alleged threats
involving the high school , never made the threats . Two students posted falsified information against
a student of which the accused had no prior knowledge . Those who initiated the false and misleading
social media posts may face further discipline and/or legal consequences .
Due to confidentiality laws , local law enforcement and WCSD staff will not share specific information
about individuals involved , discipline , or legal ramifications . WCSD staff are taking appropriate
measures to ensure the safety of our students and staff . Moving forward , the district will continue
working with students and staff on appropriate usage of social media .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers are not happy , not one bit , because they want to know where Abi Branning is .
Not dead Abi , she 's up in heaven now , but their baby daughter who has n't been seen in months .
Max promised they would look after 'Abi Branning The Second ' after revealing they had named their granddaughter after their mother .
The last time they were seen , Max held onto their baby granddaughter 's hand and remarked : `` This time I 'm going to get it right . ''
Everyone was under the belief that Max was going to have custody of the little bundle of joy , but there 's been no sign of them since their return to Walford .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Max made an explosive return this week as they revealed themselves as the new owner of the car lot .
Things got even more shocking tonight when Max unveiled their new wife - former sister-in-law Rainie Cross .
But little Abi was n't there to witness their granddad getting married to them great-aunt .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Although that 's nothing new as Abi junior did n't even get taken to their mum 's funeral .
They could be staying with grandma Tanya , but Max heavily implied they would be bringing up the child .
So where is young Abi hiding ? An orphanage ? Max 's house ?
( Image : BBC )
EastEnders viewers took to Twitter to ask the big question .
One viewer said : `` Just a quick question where is Abi 's baby then if they are n't with Max ? ''
Another added : `` Just as I though max comes back so WHERES THE BABY we writers seem to forget story lines we remember max had custody of abbys baby yet they come back to the square without the baby ''
A third said : `` No one ever mentions Abi 's little girl ... is they still in hospital ? Who is their legal guardian ? So many questions but never any answers ''
* EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool wants to sign two of the Championship 's biggest stars this season , according to reports .
The Express suggests that the Reds are in the market to bring Fulham 's Ryan Sessegnon and Norwich City 's James Maddison to Anfield when the transfer market opens .
Maddison is expected to leave the Canaries this summer after an excellent season with 14 goals and eight assists which saw them make their debut for the England under-21 team .
The former Coventry City man is set to cost around £25million and the reports that their close friendship with Trent Alexander Arnold could help the deal to Liverpool go through .
The duo room together on international duty and apparently Maddison has their heart set on a place in Klopp 's side .
The same report suggests that the Reds are also keen on landing Sessegnon ahead of Spurs and Man United .
Sessegnon , 17 , is the hottest prospect in English football after a stunning season at Fulham which has seen them named as the best player in the division at the EFL Awards .
The Red have reportedly started talks with their agent about a potential deal as Klopp looks to snap up two of the finest young players around .
Fulham are thought to be looking to nearer £50m for the England under-21 international who is in line to make in senior international debut following the World Cup .
( Image : PA )
Elsewhere in the Championship , Steve Bruce has laughed off suggestions that Jack Grealish could be sold by Aston Villa this summer .
Several reports have linked the 22-year-old attacker with a move away from Villa Park . Leicester City were mentioned as a possible suitor with a £20m offer incoming .
However , Bruce says they have no plans to sell Grealish whatever league Villa are in next season .
Speaking to BirminghamLive , Steve Bruce laughed off the suggestion of selling the playmaker at such a price , and suggested that Villa would only even consider fees in the region of double that .
“ I saw Leicester for £20m . That money now gets you a Harry Maguire , who played 30 times for Hull , ” Bruce said at their press conference on Friday .
“ Sam Clucas was £20m . No disrespect to them - I have had them - but how you can have Jack at that price ?
“ Jordan Henderson was £19m when I sold them to Liverpool from Sunderland eight years ago .
“ You would have to double that to think about even blinking . Reports are going to be reports . ''
Thaddeus Lewis has signed with the Baltimore Ravens .
We have waived QB Dustin Vaughan and signed free agent QB Thaddeus Lewis . — Baltimore Ravens ( @ Ravens ) August 14 , 2017
You may remember Thad Lewis from such NFL regular season appearances as the 2012 Cleveland Browns and 2013 Buffalo Bills . Those were of course the seasons where Colin Kaepernick was quarterbacking the 49ers in back-to-back NFC Championship Games .
More recently the Duke product spent some time with – but did not actually play for – the 2014 Houston Texans and 2015 Philadelphia Eagles . Lewis was unable to find playing time behind Ryan Fitzpatrick , Case Keenum , Ryan Mallett and Tom Savage on the ( 9-7 ) Texans and Sam Bradford and Mark Sanchez on the ( 7-9 ) Eagles . They spent last season on the San Francisco 49ers ' injured reserve .
Perhaps youth was a factor in the Ravens decision to pick Lewis off the scrap heap as they are 16 days younger than Kaepernick . Maybe Thad Lewis has a wife or girlfriend who is not as into tweeting out Django Unchained references . Hopefully Ravens fans ' prayers were answered with this signing .
Here 's a picture of Lewis shaking hands with Tom Brady nearly 4 years ago after the last start of Lewis ' career .
There is a parallel universe out there , where Midnight 's Children was published , criticized for being unreadable and disappeared into literary oblivion ( as many people feared it might ) . In that parallel universe , Salman Rushdie went back to spend the rest of their career as an unknown , moderately successful advertising copywriter . Thus The Satanic Verses and the fatwa never happened , and nor , of course , did their new book The Golden House .
Rushdie began life , straight out of Cambridge , as a struggling actor in London 's fringe theatre . But a friend who had just gotten themselves a well-paid , glamorous job in advertising suggested that they should try to get a job as a copywriter , telling him , “ It 's really easy , Salman . ”
Rushdie went to J Walter Thompson to do a copy test , which included assignments like explaining to a Martian , in just 100 words , how to make toast , and writing a radio spot for seat belts . Rushdie seems to have done a pretty good job of the test , because their seat-belt radio spot , for example , was an imaginative take-off on Chuck Berry 's rock ‘ n ' roll hit , No Particular Place to Go . But , for whatever reason , they did n't get the job . A few months later , however , they joined the little ad agency of Sharp MacManus , where their first assignment was a thoroughly forgettable Christmas promo ad for Players cigars .
Adorabubble
Rushdie later went on to work for Ogilvy & Mather , where colleagues remember them as a somewhat morose character , whom they nicknamed “ Salmon Fishcake ” . Ogilvy , at that time , was a fuddy-duddy agency , dubbed “ the ministry of advertising ” , in an era when other British agencies like Collett Dickenson Pearce & Partners , Boase Massimi Pollitt , and Saatchi & Saatchi were creating some of the world 's most exciting advertising and redefining the state of the advertising art .
Salman Rushdie during their copywriter days .
The campaign Rushdie is best remembered for at Ogilvy was for Aero chocolate , whose USP was that it was filled with hundreds of tiny air bubbles . The way that campaign happened is a classic example of the role that accidents play in creativity . A colleague of Rushdie 's , who was working on the brand , was in deep trouble because a client presentation was scheduled for that afternoon , and by lunchtime they still had n't come up with any ideas to present . In a complete panic , they called Rushdie into their cabin to help them out . As the two of them sat together , trying desperately to think up ideas , the colleague said , in a panic-stricken stammer , “ It 's f -- -- -g impossib-ib-ib-ible ” .
Rushdie remembers that a light bulb suddenly went off in their head , and they started scribbling down all the words they could think of that ended with “ ible ” or “ able ” , and twisting them into “ bubble ” . Hence , a series of clever one-liners for Aero chocolate , like “ Adorabubble ” , “ Delectabubble ” , “ Incredibubble ” and “ Irresistibubble ” . Indeed , the idea proved so flexible that the campaign was extended into media like bus panels that said “ Transportabubble ” , shop signs that said “ Availabubble here ” and even trade ads that said “ Profitabubble ” .
“ It was my one genuine light-bulb moment , ” says Rushdie . “ I invented it only because the guy I was working with had a stammer. ” That campaign went on to become one of the best remembered campaigns for Aero ( now a Nestlé brand ) .
Ten years in advertising
The other big campaign Rushdie is remembered for was for the UK Milk Board 's fresh cream cakes , for which they wrote the line , “ Naughty . But nice. ” When they presented the campaign to the client , they rejected it , saying that it would put people off by suggesting that the cakes were unhealthy for you . Rushdie argued that people already knew that , but the point was to stress on the “ But nice ” part , but it was no use . A year later , however , after they had moved on to their next agency , Rushdie suddenly saw their “ Naughty . But nice. ” campaign splashed in the media all over the UK . As so often happens in advertising , it had evidently been through a messy , roundabout process , in which the Milk Board and the agency had discussed various different approaches , and finally come right back to the original idea . But where did that idea come from ? Rushdie says the inspiration came from a slapstick TV sitcom line of the time , “ Ooh , you 're awful—but I like you. ” But others think a more likely source was an obscene song , ironically titled The Hymn , with the refrain “ It 's naughty , but it 's nice ” , which Rushdie must have heard while at school at Rugby , or at Cambridge .
A young Salman Rushdie .
Another brand that Rushdie worked on was for the tabloid , Daily Mirror , for which they wrote the line , “ Look into the Mirror . You 'll like what you see. ” They had the daunting task of having to churn out three TV commercials a week for the tabloid , during the long political crisis that led up to Margaret Thatcher 's emergence on the British political scene—a gruelling crash course in film-making that helped shape Rushdie 's craft ( and whose influences show clearly in the cinematic format in which The Golden House is written ) . But , Nobel Prize contender that they are today , they presumably want to forget that they once promoted the embarrassingly lowbrow Daily Mirror .
Rushdie worked in advertising for 10 years , from 1970 to 1980 , working on brands like Clairol shampoos , American Express cards , Scotch Tape , Coty cosmetics , Spillers pet foods ( now a part of Nestlé ) and US Tourism . In the process they got the opportunity to work with celebrities like photographer Elliott Erwitt , film director Nicolas Roeg ( director of the classic thriller , Do n't Look Now ) and comic genius John Cleese . With Cleese , for example , they worked on a TV commercial to demonstrate a new invisible variant of Scotch Tape , for which they wrote a characteristically zany , Cleese-y script , which began , “ As you can see , you ca n't see this invisible new Scotch tape—unlike ordinary tape which , as you can see , you can see… . ”
Just a stopgap career
But during all those years , Rushdie was very clear in their mind that being a copywriter , well paid as the job was , was just a stopgap career ; what they really wanted was to be a novelist . In fact , during those years in advertising , they wrote four novels , only one of which—Grimus—actually saw the light of day . In 1975 , with the £800 they had earned from Grimus , Rushdie quit their job at Ogilvy & Mather , and set out with their wife to backpack through India , to collect material for a hugely ambitious new novel that was incubating in their imagination .
On their return to London , Rushdie became a freelance copywriter , working three days a week at Ogilvy & Mather , so that they could concentrate on their bizarre , sprawling new Indian novel , which began with the idea of transposing Indira Gandhi into Bollywood and , over the next five years , slowly , painfully evolved into Midnight 's Children . It was , of course , a humongous risk that Rushdie was taking , investing all this time in writing a book that was so radically conceived and styled that its chances of acceptance were small . Indeed , when they finally completed the book and submitted it to a publisher , the first response was , “ The author should concentrate on short stories until they have mastered the novel form . ”
In their Midnight 's Children years , Rushdie says , they used to write much faster and more easily , but the writing needed more revision . Now , with age , they write more slowly , but more surely , and does n't need to revise so much . Photo : AFP
When Midnight 's Children was finally accepted for publication by Jonathan Cape , Rushdie went to their creative director to resign . The creative director misunderstood . “ OK ” , they said , “ so you want a raise ? ” When Rushdie said no , they were quitting to become a full-time novelist , the creative director nodded knowingly , “ OK ” , they said , “ so you want a big raise . ”
So how does Rushdie look back now on their years in advertising ?
Surprisingly , despite all their literary achievements , they still seem to be rather proud of their “ Incredibubble ” and “ Naughty . But nice. ” campaigns . But more than that , they say advertising taught them how to be disciplined about their writing . They say they write like it 's a job . They sit down at their desk in the morning and just does it , everyday . And they do n't get up until he 's written what they consider to be an honest day 's work .
In their Midnight 's Children years , they say , they used to write much faster and more easily , but the writing needed more revision . Now , with age , they write more slowly , but more surely , and does n't need to revise so much . But , still , they need to write those few hundred words every day . Otherwise , presumably , the danger is that one might end up like Rushdie 's stammering colleague , who had a client meeting in the afternoon , but by lunchtime , still did n't have an idea .
Anvar Alikhan is senior vice-president and strategy consultant at J Walter Thompson . They have memories of Salman Rushdie as a swaggering senior at Cathedral School , Mumbai .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An abandoned dog found on the streets with a filthy coat of matted fur has undergone an extreme makeover after their condition left rescuers stunned .
Twelve-year-old Beans was found with hair so tangled their ears were almost shut while it appeared they had an extra foot .
Beans had also chewed hair at their own skin in an apparent attempt to get rid of it .
Horrified rescuers suggested the dog 's unkempt condition may have been a result of never being groomed .
But now Beans has undergone a remarkable transformation which has left them enjoying a new lease of life .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
The dog was found on the streets and taken in by Muttville Senior Dog Rescue in San Francisco .
The charity helped get Beans back to their best by washing them and trimming their hair during an `` emergency groom '' as volunteers took time off work to help him .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Patty Stanton , a volunteer at Muttville Senior Dog Rescue , said : `` Beans was found as a stray in Solano County .
`` He was in horrible shape , and had n't been groomed in years .
`` Once they got all cleaned up Beans was like a new dog with hope for the first time .
`` He immediately began running around Muttville like an excited puppy and was so grateful to have their filthy , long matted coat finally off their body . ''
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Volunteer groomer Cindy Perry added : `` When Muttville sent me a picture of Beans , I immediately classified it as an emergency groom and I took a day off my regular job in order to give that poor boy some relief .
`` Beans was actually a perfect name for him .
`` He was full of beans ! A total wiggleworm , but not in a mean or angry way at all .
`` I saw them shift from discomfort , confusion and concern to what seemed like joy . ''
Police baton charge at protestors who were demanding the closure of Sterlite Copper unit in Tuticorin . Tamil Nadu chief minister K. Palaniswami has stated in the assembly and to media that the shooting during Sterlite protests was ‘ unavoidable ' . Photo : PTI
The human rights spectacle around the shooting by police on 21 May that killed 13 in the port town of Thoothukudi in Tamil Nadu , and injured more than a hundred , has reached epic proportions . This is about the why and why-not of it , and of how human rights is as much a responsibility of governments as it is of businesses .
Sterlite Copper Ltd 's plant , against which protesters had marched , alleging pollution , and collusion with government had enabled this Vedanta Resources Plc operation to announce a doubling of production , was formally sealed on 28 May by the local administration . Land allocated for that expansion by the state 's industry facilitator , SIPCOT , is now withdrawn by the agency . Sterlite Copper will on 6 June expect to hear from an appellate tribunal in Chennai of its plea to grant the factory a “ consent to operate ” , which was n't renewed by government in March .
Meanwhile , there is much discussion and commotion in Tamil Nadu 's assembly as opposition parties tear into the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) , alleging its hand in the fracas on 21 May . Chief minister K. Palaniswami has stated , in the assembly and to media , that the shooting was “ unavoidable ” .
That is nonsense . As with most such instances , it was entirely avoidable . The protest against Sterlite was not war , it was at worst a cause for dialogue . It was also a time for business to demonstrate that “ human resource ” extends beyond the narrow confines of a corporate culture to truly include the communities in whose midst , it operates . And , for government to demonstrate that its charter for citizens does n't include killing , injuring , beating and arresting people for voicing opinion , however unpalatable it may be to a particular business model , policy imperative , or quid pro quo .
Palaniswami 's statements , and the government 's knee-jerk reaction to close down Sterlite 's plant that followed knee-jerk action , are clearly face-saving gestures . What Tamil Nadu needs to fix , much like several other states including Odisha , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Maharashtra and West Bengal which have unlovely histories of overkill related to business , is its human rights response .
There are numerous instances of overkill across India , a few of which have been recorded by this column . I 'm still struck by cases against protesters in Odisha who continue to stand against Tata Steel and its plant in Kalinganagar , who still continue to carry the flame for more than a dozen killed in 2006 by Odisha 's police when they protested the government and company 's method of taking possession of land for the plant , and other matters .
Leaders of the protest and others were booked for several crimes under the Indian Penal Code . These ranged from “ joining an unlawful assembly armed with a deadly weapon ” to “ wrongful confinement ” and “ criminal intimidation ” to the bizarre accusations of performing “ obscene acts and songs ” and circulating counterfeit coins .
Tamil Nadu 's own history of complicity and overkill is remarkable . The nuclear power plant in Kudankulam , south of Thoothukudi , is one such cause célèbre . In September 2012 , when AIADMK ran the government , police waded into crowds of protesters , mostly farmers and fisherfolk concerned about a Fukushima-like future in their neighbourhood . Several protesters , including women , died ; many were injured ; and a church was desecrated .
Cases were filed by the state against protest leaders and villagers of Kudankulam , Idinthakarai , Kuthenkazhi , Perumanal and Kootapuli . As tabulated by a legal defence team , there were 19 cases of sedition involving 8,450 people ; 19 cases of waging war against the state involving 18,350 people ; 15 cases of attempt to murder against 18,143 people ; and so on . In all , over 300 cases involving a staggering 120,000 people .
This remains standard operating procedure in the course of even peaceful protests related to human rights violations , and , specifically , for issues of land acquisition , resettlement and rehabilitation , and pollution .
There will be little remedy , in form and substance , until governments truly govern , until human rights enters the lexicon of business as usual .
Sudeep Chakravarti 's books include “ Clear.Hold.Build : Hard Lessons of Business and Human Rights in India ” , “ Red Sun “ and “ Highway 39 ” . This column focuses on conflict situations and the convergence of businesses and human rights and runs on Thursdays .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are eyeing a January swoop for Spartak Moscow midfielder Quincy Promes .
The Reds have been linked with the Dutch star before but look set to step up their interest in the next transfer window .
According to Transfermarketweb , Jurgen Klopp is `` plotting '' a move for Promes in January despite interest from Arsenal and Everton .
The 25-year-old has scored 52 goals in 103 appearances for the Russian Premier League side since joining from FC Twente in 2014 .
Promes has also collected 23 caps .
( Image : Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images )
Give Jurgen Klopp time , says Kevin Keegan
( Image : AFP/Getty )
Kevin Keegan has urged ­Liverpool to give Jurgen Klopp the time to finish the job at Anfield .
The Reds have been haunted by ­defensive frailty but former England manager Keegan claimed all top Premier League teams now struggle defensively because of changes to the laws .
The former Kop star , 66 , preferred to go to wine-tasting on Thursday night rather than watch England qualify for the World Cup .
But though Keegan insisted they do not miss football , their world-weariness was replaced by enthusiasm when asked about the German who took over their former club two years ago .
More here .
Emre Can names past and present Liverpool heroes in ultimate XI
( Image : Andrew Powell )
Much like Liverpool themselves , Emre Can have been having an up-and-down season .
When the Reds have been on form , such as in the 4-2 Champions League win over Hoffenheim in which Can scored twice , the German midfielder has been very good .
But then there 's always a show of inconsistency around the corner , like in the 1-1 Champions League draw at Spartak Moscow in which Can 's error led to the hosts ' goal .
One team that would n't be inconsistent , however , is the best XI that Can named for Liverpool 's official website recently .
Made up of players who they have played both with and against , it is a team that would certainly be a match for anyone .
Full line up here .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Terry is the last man who would want to give Chelsea haters any reason to slag off the club .
The Blues ' `` Captain , Leader , Legend '' will leave Stamford Bridge this summer after announcing their imminent departure in a joint statement with the club . However , 'JT ' is still a Chelsea boy to their boots - hence they might be a little upset to learn their career kind of proves the point most often used to criticise their club .
Chelsea are regularly accused of having no history ( despite being founded in 1905 and winning the league in 1955 ) . In their entire 112-year history , they have won a grand total of 25 major honours .
John Terry made their Chelsea debut in 1998 . In their entire 19-year history as a Chelsea player , they have won a grand total of 16 major honours .
Major honours won Chelsea FC 25 John Terry 16
That means Terry - still currently playing for the club - has won 64 % of the trophies Chelsea have EVER won .
So , nearly two-thirds of the biggest achievements in Chelsea 's history have happened since their current club captain came through the ranks .
Hmm…
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A planned rally by far-right hate group Britain First has literally been disrupted by snowflakes .
Paul Golding and Jayda Fransen , the leaders of the small anti-Muslim group have been delayed by the weather on their way to Belfast for a march .
They were brought to prominence when videos posted online by Fransen were retweeted by Donald Trump earlier this month .
On Sunday morning , Golding posted a video of a snowy airport this morning , saying : `` unfortunately because of this snowstorm that 's causing chaos , we 're not going to be able to make it over to Belfast . ''
They added that they had been stranded at the airport for `` a good three to four hours '' and they had no choice but to cancel the rally , scheduled for 3pm yesterday .
Of course , the internet appreciated the irony of a bunch of snowflakes thwarting a Britain First rally
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A wave of senior Labour HQ staff have announced they are quitting today , ahead of the appointment of the party 's new General Secretary .
Among the high-profile resignations is John Stolliday who , as the ‘ Director of Governance and Legal ' , was in charge of disciplinary issues .
Jennie Formby , a regional secretary for the Unite trade union , is expected to be appointed as the new Labour General Secretary today , replacing outgoing chief Iain McNicol .
It is understood that Neil Fleming , who had been acting London Regional Director , but has worked for the party for around 20 years , is also leaving .
Dan Simpson , who Fleming replaced , and who has been working as the Parliamentary Labour Party secretary , is also understood to be quitting their post .
( Image : PA )
It is also understood that Simon Jackson , the highly respected Director of Policy and Research is leaving the post .
While Tracey Allen and Julie Lawrence , senior staff to outgoing general secretary Iain McNicol , asre also understood to be going .
The departures follow a raft of senior resignations in recent months , including McNicol , Emilie Oldknow - once tipped to be their successor - and Patrick Heneghan , the former elections chief .
A source told the Daily Mirror incoming general secretary Jennie Formby had no intention of getting rid of huge swathes of staff but some of those stepping down seem unwilling to take that risk .
( Image : PA )
The staff members who have handed their notice in will be working their three month notice periods which will include the local elections in May .
Labour Party HQ downplayed the resignations insisting that it was entirely normal for there to be some staff members turnover after a General Election and with an incoming General Secretary it is entirely normal for there to be some staff members turnover .
None of the five remaining ( after Emilie Oldknow ) executive directors are leaving .
A Labour Party Spokesperson , said : “ We do n't comment on staffing matters . ”
Former teachers ' union leader Christine Blower was also shortlisted for the role of general secretary but Jennie Formby , who is Unite 's former political director , has the backing of Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell and is expected to be installed when the ruling National Executive Committee ( NEC ) meets tomorrow .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FORT WORTH – Early Tuesday morning , a 14-year-old girl was stabbed to death in Fort Worth .
It happened in a neighborhood near Crowley and Sycamore School Road . The suspect ? A teenage girl . Fort Worth Police say the two got into a fight before the stabbing .
Right now , the suspect is still on the loose .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A local Japanese reporter flies a KC-130J flight simulator during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni , Japan , Feb. 15 , 2017 . The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness . The simulators increase safety , proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Joseph Abrego )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.15.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID : 3166493 VIRIN : 170215-M-ON157-0042 Resolution : 5760x3840 Size : 16.84 MB Location : MCAS IWAKUNI , YAMAGUCHI , JP Web Views : 5 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Local media gains new insight [ Image 1 of 17 ] , by LCpl Joseph Abrego , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds , and Blake Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift the Detroit Pistons to a 111-107 victory over the Miami Heat on Saturday night .
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons , including a late 3-pointer of their own . Detroit has won three in a row , the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring them in a trade .
Griffin 's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101 , but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play , making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left . Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession , and Smith sank their only 3-point attempt of the game , from the right corner with 14 seconds to play .
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat , who have lost three in a row . Miami was without center Hassan Whiteside , who was out with an illness .
Smith , who has struggled at times while trying to replace injured point guard Reggie Jackson , went 11 of 14 from the field and finished three points shy of their career high . Their previous season high was 19 points .
Griffin had 16 points , nine rebounds and seven assists .
TIP-INS
Heat : Kelly Olynyk and Josh Richardson scored 19 points for the Heat , and James Johnson added 18 .
Pistons : Langston Galloway scored 13 points , surpassing 2,000 for their career . ... Detroit was without G Luke Kennard ( foot ) and G Dwight Buycks ( illness ) .
BIG NIGHT
Drummond had at least 20 points and 20 rebounds for the sixth time this season . They have 19 20-20 games since 2012-13 .
They also had four steals , four blocks and six turnovers .
Copyright Associated Press 2018 . All rights reserved .
John Terry 's 22-year love affair with Chelsea will come to an end this summer .
The Blues skipper has announced that they will leave Stamford Bridge , in a joint-statement with the London club .
The 36-year-old has seen limited game time under Antonio Conte this season , with just five Premier League appearances during the campaign , with their last coming in November .
Much talk had been about the experienced defender moving on in the summer , and now the club have confirmed that they will be departing from the Blues .
Join Football.London for all the latest reaction to their departur.e
Sebi has found that out of around 5,000-odd firms listed on exchanges , at least 1,000 appear to be illiquid penny stocks with few investors and infrequent trading . Photo : Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Mumbai : The Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) has asked stock exchanges to raise transaction fees for trading in illiquid stocks in their recent discussions , two people aware of the matter said . The regulator feels some of these may be shell companies that could expose small investors to high risks , the people said on condition of anonymity .
Typically , any stock with an average daily turnover of less than Rs2 lakh for two previous quarters is termed illiquid . According to Mint research , there were at least 446 such firms in the past two quarters . In the December quarter , BSE listed 222 firms as illiquid .
“ Illiquid stocks are extremely volatile and the risk of losing money is very high , ” the first of the two persons cited above said . “ If the transaction fee is higher than conventional stocks , people will not trade in such illiquid stocks unless they fully understand the risks . So , it is desirable that exchanges charge higher transaction fees for illiquid stocks , ” added this person , who is a regulatory official .
“ There was a proposal earlier that margins for illiquid stocks should be five times the normal margin charged for trading in ordinary liquid stocks . Additionally , there is a surveillance and compliance cost incurred by exchanges for keeping stocks listed . For illiquid companies , these costs are proportionately much higher because the number of transactions is less than liquid stocks . So , it makes absolute sense for an exchange to charge higher fees for illiquid stocks , ” this person added .
Most illiquid stocks are listed on BSE Ltd , which is already charging more for trading in such stocks . However , the regulator feels even this is n't enough .
Between fiscal years 2012 and 2017 , BSE 's income from transaction charges rose from Rs29.4 crore to Rs110 crore , says a recent Nomura report . “ The increase in transaction revenues in FY16 , in spite of lower volumes , is due to the increase in transaction charges , especially for illiquid equity shares and a significant contribution of illiquid equity revenue in FY17 , along with increased cash equity volumes , ” the report said .
Illiquidity is found mostly in penny stocks , which trade at a very low price and have very low market capitalization . According to Mint Research , 134 out of 446 illiquid stocks in the past two quarters on BSE have a market capitalization of less than Rs10 crore .
Sebi , BSE and NSE did not respond to questions emailed on Friday .
“ Sebi 's primary concern is to protect investors from penny stocks , which are mostly illiquid and may potentially be associated with so-called shell companies , ” the first person cited above added .
Sebi has found that out of around 5,000-odd firms listed on exchanges , at least 1,000 appear to be illiquid penny stocks with few investors and infrequent trading .
BSE has increased charges in the illiquid securities in FY16 from Rs125 per Rs1 crore of trade to Rs10,000 per Rs1 crore of trade , taking advantage of the monopoly .
“ This has led to a sharp jump in the illiquid cash equity revenue in FY17 , which now contributes over 50 % of the total cash equity transaction revenue . In addition to this , BSE has also started a super-exclusive group since July 2017 where it charges Rs1 lakh per Rs1 crore of transaction value , which has contributed another Rs4 crore in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018 , ” said Nomura .
Super-exclusive group includes 1,200-1,500 companies which are listed solely on BSE .
“ Ideally , all exchanges should levy even higher charges for illiquid securities because of their higher chances of being associated with shell firms and exposing investors to higher risks of losing money , ” added the first person , who is a regulatory official .
In August , Sebi imposed a partial trading ban on 331 companies identified as shell firms by the ministry of corporate affairs .
J.N . Gupta , managing director at Stakeholders Empowerment Services , a proxy advisory firm , supports higher fees for illiquid stocks and said higher charges should automatically raise an alarm to potential investors to seek a reason for such charges and take an informed decision , after assessing the risk . “ Higher trading charges in illiquid securities are required to discourage common investors from entering dubious and potentially shell companies , ” said Gupta .
Over financial year 2014 to 2017 , BSE saw its earnings jumping by 29 % . “ While such a sharp uptick is surprising , a large part of this was led by the illiquid securities segment , which may be unsustainable given higher volatility in this area , ” said the Nomura report .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
As Jenni Williams watched their daughter Eve 's peaceful face while they slept , two painful questions crept into their mind . Are they happy ? And will they ever know who I am ?
Because Eve was born with a rare genetic disease known as chromosome deletion . A section of their DNA was missing , leaving them severely disabled , unable to open their eyes and suffering from infant epilepsy .
The drugs to stop Eve 's potentially fatal seizures also left them too drowsy to interact with their parents . They could n't even smile until they were 15 months old .
“ That first year was just a roller- coaster of hell , really , ” says Jenni , 42 . “ We loved Eve but we felt none of the joy of being new parents , only fear as we wondered what would happen next .
“ I remember saying to my husband , I would find this so much easier if I knew they were happy .
( Image : Surrey Mirror )
“ A week later they were in the bath and they started smiling . They have n't really stopped since . That was the point when they really became Eve . They are an ­absolute joy to be around . ”
Eve 's condition is called a 3p25 ­deletion . There have been just 50 recorded cases in the world . It means Eve is small – they weighed just 3lb 8oz at birth and grows more slowly than most children .
They have ptosis , or drooping eyelids , and could not open their eyes until they were five weeks old .
Even then they could only open them intermittently until they had corrective surgery a year later .
Jenni , from Dorking , Surrey , says : “ Not being able to see their eyes made it more difficult , because they say eyes are the window to the soul .
“ I would look at them and wonder , is there a little soul in there ? ”
Thankfully , Eve 's medication cured their infant seizure syndrome , leaving them with less dangerous seizures . But they also have severe developmental disabilities .
Eve , now five , can not talk and only started crawling last year . They have ­graduated to cruising around the ­furniture , but can not walk more than a few steps on their own .
( Image : Surrey Mirror )
Yet they have so much energy and enthusiasm their parents have ­nicknamed them ‘ the Tiny Tornado ' .
“ We 've stopped worrying about those milestones and what anyone else is doing , ” says Jenni . “ We just enjoy what Eve does , when they do it . She 's perfect , she 's such a happy soul . Them condition is only a small part of her , it does n't define who they are and it should n't define our life . ”
Eve loves watching old episodes of the children 's show Fraggle Rock and enjoys swimming .
They have also formed a close bond with the family 's golden retriever , Scout .
Jenni says : “ When we go walking in the woods Scout disappears off . Eve always gets excited when I call Scout back because they love it when they come bounding out of the trees towards her . ”
However , there are few mass ­participation events that cater for people with disabilities like Eve . That is something former Paralympian Sophia Warner hopes to change .
This Saturday they launch the Superhero Tri at Dorney Lake in Windsor . In theory the triathlon will see participants cycle , swim and run around the lake .
( Image : Surrey Mirror )
However , the event will ditch all the rules and regulations to ensure everyone can take part , no matter what their disability – including motorised wheelchairs and participants being pulled through the water with boats .
Eve has been chosen as an ­ambassador for the Superhero Tri and will be tackling the course herself , ably assisted by their two sidekicks . Dad Steve , 42 , will complete the cycle ride , and Jenni will do the swim before helping Eve through the run , pushing them for the first 900 metres then holding their hand as they walk the last 100 .
Jenni says : “ We did our first run last year and Eve walked every step of the last 100 metres . When they got tired I picked them up and stood still until they were ready to go again .
“ It took us eight minutes and six seconds and they managed the last two steps across the finish line all by herself . I think that is far more impressive than what Justin Gatlin managed to achieve the other night .
“ This time we hope to go quicker and Eve is going to try to walk five steps across the line before they collapse into my arms .
“ It 's incredible to think that she 's going to be an ambassador for a major sporting event and they are only five years old . It 's fab . ”
Sophia , 43 , could never have dreamed of doing that when they were Eve 's age . Growing up with cerebral palsy in the 1970s , they found that disability was a greater barrier than it is today .
( Image : Surrey Mirror )
But they took part in whatever sport they could , following in the footsteps of their big brother , who was a keen cross country runner . They were spotted taking part in a 10km run and convinced to start racing competitively for a disabled team , specialising in the T35 category 100-metre sprint .
“ Paralympians now do n't know they are born , ” says Sophia . “ When I first started competing it was just my dad and their dog that came to watch me .
“ I stood on an upturned crate to collect my first gold medal at the World Championships in 1998 .
“ When I turned up at the Paralympics in 2012 , it was obvious something had changed . Instead of 80 people there to see us , there were 80,000 . It was ­absolutely incredible . ”
But Sophia – who juggled sprinting with their career as British Athletics ' commercial director , running a small farm and raising two children – insists their new event is not just for Paralympic superheroes .
They say : “ Not everyone can be an Olympian , but they can still enjoy running and taking part .
“ I 've always been quite frustrated by the lack of things that I can do for fun now I 'm retired .
“ Rather than complain about it , I decided it was time we started our own event . Not everyone who is disabled is going to be a Paralympian , but they should be able to enjoy sport too . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The organisers of St Pauls Carnival have warned anyone who leaves their car inside the carnival area over the weekend will have it towed - and have urged people to move their vehicles as soon as possible .
The colourful celebration of Afro-Caribbean culture returns to Bristol on Saturday , July 7 , and a number of roads in the area will be closed from Friday evening ( July 6 ) onwards .
It is thought around 100,000 people will attend this year 's carnival - the first one to be held since 2014 - and as a result , organisers have warned roads in St Pauls need to be clear from vehicles in order to safely accommodate everyone and to ensure the carnival procession can pass through clearly .
In a statement posted online today ( Wednesday , July 4 ) , organisers reminded residents that roads within the St Pauls Carnival area will start to close from 6pm onwards on Friday , with most not reopening until 8am on Sunday .
The organisers added : `` If you live within the footprint , including Ashley Road , we would like to remind you that all cars need to be removed by 6pm Friday , July 6 .
`` Failure to do so will result in your car being towed as all the streets need to be clear for safety . ''
Many of the streets surrounding St Pauls , such as in Montpelier or Kingsdown , have very limited parking space and are especially busy on normal weekends . And with no official car parking available at the carnival , it is thought these roads will be even busier with people driving and travelling to the event .
However , carnival organisers say allocated parking for St Pauls residents is available throughout the weekend so as to minimise disruption caused by the carnival .
( Image : Bristol Post )
The allocated parking areas are Riverside Park ( entry via Wellington Road ) , Brooks Dye Works on Sevier Street in St Werburghs and the area under junction 2 of the M32 .
Anyone wishing to park here will need to bring a form of official documentation with them showing their address , such as a utility bill or a council tax bill , and both temporary lighting and security will be provided at the three sites .
For more information on residents ' parking and where you can leave your car , email admin @ stpaulscarnival.org.uk
In a statement put up on their Facebook page the Palestine Solidarity Campaign claimed the following ;
Unsurprisingly they 're lying . The chants took place throughout the demonstration . It 's not the first time they 've refused to respond to the problems in their ranks . In fact it 's an ongoing theme with them . From David Collier 's report that they point blank refused to take seriously , to Tapash abu Shaim staffing their stall at Labour Party Conference ( not to mention still being on their NEC ) this is a movement that if it took serious action against antisemitism in its midst would have to clear out some its most important activists .
Here 's the proof that the above is just a lie :
@ PSCupdates @ MABOnline1 & other organisers say the antisemitism at their demonstration on Friday night happened “ after the main demonstration disbanded ” they 're lying look at the flight attendants in the video below pic.twitter.com/cLJtlwyFmb — Hurryupharry ( @ hurryupharry ) December 11 , 2017
As Michael Scham is quick to point out , it 's not difficult to understand the appeal of tango : the elegant , smooth movements ; the sensual eye contact ; the romantic draw of two bodies swirling around each other . For many , tango begins and ends on the dance floor .
Not so for Scham : The St. Thomas Spanish professor has transformed their passion for tango into not only a beloved hobby but also a dedicated area of academic research and teaching . Scham also met their fiancée tangoing , and they gave birth to their son last fall in Vienna .
“ I just felt an immediate connection to the music , ” Scham said of their first time watching tango in Buenos Aires nine years ago . “ Just seeing people dance made an impression on me ; people who would never make an impression on you walking down the street , but when they started dancing they had this elegance and charm . I thought , ‘ What a wonderful thing to do . ' ”
Two years later , Scham began taking lessons in the Twin Cities and has been dancing and studying tango ever since . Their ongoing work is about the lyrics of tango songs , which “ forms a poetic tradition that goes back to medieval Spain , which is my field . My current research project is on the literary context of tango lyrics all the way back to 14th century Spain , ” Scham said .
“ It 's a fun research project . It 's nice to combine a nonacademic passion with academic research , which is ideal in some ways , ” Scham added . “ It 's also a great topic for nonacademic talks . I 've given talks on this in four or five different countries already , sometimes in academic settings and sometimes not . A lot of people are interested in tango … so to give the general public an idea of the lyrics and topics with illustrations and audio is an appealing topic for a lot of people . ”
Scham 's research has taken them back to Buenos Aires for month- and four-month-long stays to dance and do research . They and their fiancée continued dancing until about the last six weeks of their pregnancy , they said , and while on parental leave in Vienna recently they danced again for the first time since their son was born . Scham also gave a talk on the figure of Don Quixote as a figure in tango lyrics .
“ It really adds a nice dimension to [ teaching ] that makes it more relevant and real in some ways for the students , who may often see literature and poetry as abstract , ” Scham said . “ They see this as related to something that people do and has a living tradition in a palpable way , which can be harder when you see it just on the page . ”
I caught up with Scham shortly after they returned for the start of spring semester and asked them some of our favorite Humans of St. Thomas questions while also picking their brain about a life of tango .
What 's one thing you can not live without ?
Friends and being engaged socially . That 's related to tango too .
What 's the best gift you 've ever received ?
I would just say my son . That 's what I 'm most grateful for .
If you had the option to time travel , would you go forward or backward ? And how far would you go ?
I do n't think I would dare to go forward right now . It would be fascinating to go backward and see some figures one admires . It would be good to go to a time that still has anesthesia and antibiotics . It would be fascinating to go back to Renaissance Spain , but that would be dangerous as well . To walk the same streets where Cervantes was . … Early modern period , that 's my area , but all these beautiful landscapes you see evoked in paintings that always make me feel a little sad and nostalgic . That was part of their theme even then : the loss of great beauty in nature . That would have a great draw .
What 's the best concert you 've ever been to ?
Jane 's Addiction at Seattle Lollapalooza in 1991 , I believe .
Describe your ideal day .
It 's kind of mundane : After waking up from a good night 's sleep and a good breakfast with family , doing some reading , then going for a nice walk together , bike ride or a hike . Then having a good meal together with some good wine , good conversation .
What are the coolest shoes you 've ever owned ?
My dos-por-cuatro tango shoes are very cool . They 're from this place in Buenos Aires , dos-por-cuatro , two-by-four , is the brand because that was the time signature for a lot of early tangos , although a lot of them are four-by-four now . I have a very cool pair of shoes from there . Tango dancers become obsessed with shoes – men as well , not just the women .
Chart Plots 'Game Of Thrones ' Characters ' Beauty Against Their Goodness
Trending News : Chart Plots The Inner Vs . Outer Beauty Of Every 'GoT ' Character
Long Story Short
The New York Times has charted every GoT character 's beauty against their overall goodness . It 's pretty epic .
Long Story
Game of Thrones has made a delicate art out of moral ambiguity . Goodness is all relative in Westeros . But what about beauty ? Surely that 's a little more cut and dried .
Apparently not , according to the New York Times ( soft paywall ) , which , inspired by a viral Belgian Instagram project from last summer , has asked readers to rate every Game of Thrones character on a two dimensional chart . The results are an eye-opener .
Compiled with @ bxlsprouts last summer A post shared by Toph Tucker ( @ tophtucker ) on Jul 16 , 2017 at 12:26pm PDT
Big winners are of course Jon Snow , their half brother Rob Stark , half sister Sansa , Daenerys and Missandei . Babes , the lot of them . And all pretty good for the most part . The losers were the Night King — no shit — and the poor old Clegane brothers . Well , Gregor , anyway ( or what 's left of them in there ) .
The rest are scattered all over the place . Evil and beautiful ? Cersei , naturally . Ugly but good ? Hodor . Sorry mate .
But there is a trend , and as the Times points out , it says a lot about how we view the relationship between beauty and morality . Despite it looking random at first , when you take a closer look it 's clear the characters on the Times chart lie in a vague diagonal line from the the bottom left to top right . This is because , to a certain extent , we conflate moral goodness with physical goodness . So , some characters — Bronn , Littlefinger and Tywin Lannister — score lower for physical looks than you think they might if the actors were separated from their characters .
Anyway , the whole chart is interactive , so you can plot the characters yourself and then see how your ratings compare to the crowd 's . Check it out here .
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
Rob is better looking than Jaime ? Controversial .
Drop This Fact
In 2016 Game of Thrones the TV series had listed 553 cast members across its then six series . Impressive , until a computer revealed that there were 2,103 characters in the books from the series , A Song of Ice and Fire .
MILAN — The Cold War , national and sexual identity , patriotism , the role of women , coming out — and plenty of horses — are only some of the ingredients that make Christina Lynch 's first solo novel , “ The Italian Party , ” intriguing and compelling . Set in Siena , Tuscany , during the spring of 1956 , what starts as a tale of newlyweds Scottie and Michael Messina turns into something altogether different , a spy story with a good dose of mystery — and different kinds of love . Lynch , a former Milan correspondent for WWD , W , M and Scene — all under the late editor John Fairchild 's watch — draws from their own experience living in the Italian region for four years in the late Eighties , early Nineties . Once back in Los Angeles , they were on the writing staff of “ Unhappily Ever After ; ” “ Encore Encore ; ” “ The Dead Zone , ” and “ Wildfire. ” Published by St. Martin 's Press , “ The Italian Party ” will be on sale starting today .
In a phone interview from the foothills of the Sierra Nevada — where Lynch now lives , surrounded by their beloved horses — WWD discusses with the author how living in Italy helped them shape their views , how fun it was to be around Gianni Versace , how the Internet was a thing of the future , and how they lived “ in terror ” of writing yet another book “ fetishizing Tuscany ” — something they clearly deflected .
WWD : How did you choose the core subject matter for your first novel ?
Christina Lynch : When I was living in Italy , people would talk about U.S. interference in Italian politics and I just did n't know enough . Years later , I felt a lot of guilt for this and partly [ with the book ] I wanted to set that right but be entertaining at the same time . The years that I spent living in Italy were so formative for me , I am a different person because of the time I spent there . I miss it , I am very grateful to Italy and Italians .
WWD : You carefully describe the clothes the characters wear , often in relation to particular moments in their lives . Do you think your experience at the Fairchild publications served you well for this purpose and do you think you have a special eye for clothes ?
C.L . : I think the years that I spent working for W , WWD , M , and Scene affected my eye and the way that I look at clothes . When I was writing about what Scottie and Michael wore , I was definitely remembering those days , going out on previews , writing down to make sure you got the colors precisely , the type of the fabric and the weave . I remember in the early days , when I first started working at WWD and I did n't know much about fashion . I remember we had those huge green encyclopedia of fabrics — no Internet at the time .
WWD : When did you arrive in Italy ?
C.L . : I came in October 1987 , I was on staff for two years as Milan correspondent . Then I lived halfway between Florence and Siena and that came out of a story that I did for M. I had to do a weekend getaway . We did n't even have a fax then , it was all phone calls and telex machines . You 'd type into this machine , could only write one sentence or line at a time , it would spew out this paper and you could n't go back , once you hit send on that line . When the story was done , it would be 30 feet long , you would feed it back into the telex machine and send your story to New York .
One day , I got a call from [ editor ] Kevin Doyle at M asking me for a weekend getaway story I had promised . That must have been at some point in 1988 . I think it was [ interior designer ] Niky Rovis who gave me the name of [ restored 16th-century farm estate ] La Volpaia . With photographer Donato Sardella , we drove down , got lost and got there after midnight . The next morning , we woke up in this beautiful place . We were on a deadline and had to get back to Milan , and I remember leaving and saying to myself , I wish I could live in a place like this . Why ca n't I ? So I filed the story , went back for a visit , and then spent almost four years living there at the inn , still freelancing for Fairchild , but [ La Volpaia ] needed someone to tend to and ride their horses , so it 's M 's fault that any of this happened [ laughing ] .
WWD : Did La Volpaia inspire you for any of the locations in the book ?
C.L . : No , they are not directly linked to La Volpaia because the book is set so long before , but it gave me a sense of the place . I would go riding , that was my job , to go ride around and I really got to know the countryside , I would ride through vineyards and farmyards . It was perfectly legal at the time , nobody was ever surprised by my appearance — they were surprised I was an American riding a horse [ laughing ] . Friends living near Montalcino now tell me you ca n't really do this anymore .
WWD : How long did it take you to write “ The Italian Party ? ”
C.L . : I started the book in the summer of 2013 and finished in the spring of 2016 .
WWD : What was the main reason to write the book ?
C.L . : That 's a good question . I should know this . It just felt like the right moment . After the Magnus Flyte [ a pseudonym for the writing duo of Lynch and Meg Howrey ] novels , which were fun , the whole time I was thinking I wanted to do a solo novel . I had done a Master of Fine Arts program at Antioch in L.A. in 2013 and started teaching . It seemed like the right moment to start a solo novel . Of course I wanted to set it in Italy , because you know it 's going to be a years-long process . With the Magnus books , they were set in Prague , Vienna , a little bit in Venice . I was really missing Italy , and I knew that if I set it in Italy I would be able to go and research it there .
WWD : Was there a reason for writing about this specific era ?
C.L . : It was a combination of things . In the Fifties , before I was born , my parents lived in South America , but they are not around for me to ask them and I have never been to South America . Another time , maybe . I was thinking about when I moved to Milan aged 22 , what that felt like to be immersed in a new culture . The Fifties meant going back to the origin of the American interference , it really started in 1947 but that felt too early for me . [ That ] was a watershed year , 1956 — there is even the book “ 1956 L'anno spartiacque , ” [ by Luciano Canfora , in the acknowledgments ] .
WWD : Do you think the subject matter is timely now ?
C.L . : Yes , it 's very timely . As a culture , now people in the U.S. are hearkening back to the Fifties as these wonderful times . In a way yes , and there was an economic boom , bur for many people it was not a great time . For women , minorities , people who are gay , it was not a great time .
WWD : To wit , you address coming out .
CL . : As a culture , I felt we did n't talk about what it meant to be gay in the Fifties and now with legalization of gay marriage there is a risk we forget how they were persecuted . In fact , it was illegal for a government employee to be gay . I did n't know that there was a Lavender Scare [ the mass firings of homosexual people in the Fifties from the United States government ] . I found out about this during my research . It was at the same time as the Red Scare , hunting people suspected to be communists . The same was done with gays and a lot of people do n't know that .
WWD : You touched very delicate issues , from an Italian point of view . You did n't describe Italy as it is usually seen through the eyes of an American . It felt genuine and not like a fairy tale .
C.L . : It means a lot to me , I really did n't want to be another person just writing about how beautiful Tuscany is , and that 's why in part I set it in Italy . Tuscany has been fetishized and made a commodity for Americans . In any stores , you see Tuscan paint colors , ciabattas , things that are so Tuscan and clearly ignore the place , the actual reality and why it looks like it does today , its political history . It just bothers me . I do n't want to disappoint the very people I am writing about . I really wanted to go deeper .
Communism remains such a Boogeyman in American culture , right ? When I lived in Italy in the Eighties , I had friends who voted communist , friends of all sorts , with different political views . The fact that in Italian culture you have a really wide range of parties in the political spectrum — putting aside the gridlock — it was exciting . I learned a lot about the history of communism , what it grew out of and how very separate it was from Soviet communism . It 's interesting to take a look at that in a more nuanced way .
WWD : I found it so insightful when you describe Scottie fainting in the store and all the women whom they felt had always ignored them help them out .
C.L . : I do the same thing with their character as the rest in the book . When you meet Nonna Bea , at the beginning , she 's the stereotypical Italian grandmother , dressed in black , obsessed with food and cleanliness , but then a passage later in the book , it talks about them and the role of Italian women through history . That 's the more serious part , to get Americans to do that , to see the stereotype and go deeper . What is the history of women in this culture ?
WWD : Do you miss journalism ?
C.L . : Yes , I do ! I think all the time about how much fun it was to come up with what I wanted to write about or get assignments and just go do it . Write about food in Bologna , people making the salami , cheese , it was fascinating . I would go up to Ratti to learn how silk was made — knitwear and children 's wear , that was really fun to learn all those things . It 's a profession that is the best for people who are naturally curious . My time at Fairchild was glorious — the dream job . That was the golden era , Milan was booming and , as usual , you do n't quite realize how fragile the moment is . I think about Gianni Versace , how great and fun they were to be around . All the designers , Franco Moschino , Gianfranco Ferré , how great and fun to be around them — and they are gone . It 's really sad .
WWD : Would you ever consider writing about that ?
C.L . : I have thought of writing about a young fashion journalist . That 's definitely a possibility . I am not working on it right now , but I think it would be really fun because that was such a magical time for me .
WWD : What 's next now ? Are you working on another book ?
C.L . : Yes , but it 's a bit blurry still — I am not being coy — it 's not fixed yet . It takes place in Italy during World War II involving an American woman war correspondent . I 'll go to Anzio and Cassino in June .
WWD : And you are teaching ?
C.L . : Yes , five writing classes this semester . I teach English composition and literature at a community college [ of the Sequoias ] . I really love it .
The city of Houston and Harris County animal shelters are both seeing a spike in the number of animals they 've taken in .
BARC has space for 550 animals but as of Wednesday morning , it had taken in almost 750 cats and dogs .
Adriane Fadely with BARC said the overpopulation of animals in Houston is undeniable .
“ It 's constant , ” Fadely said . “ We 're taking anywhere between 80 to 150 a day sometimes . ”
Space is running low at BARC . Everywhere you look there 's a pair of eyes looking back at you begging for a forever home .
Fadely said BARC has taken in more than 10,000 animals this year .
They said , “ We are probably on track to maybe go over 27,000 this year so we 're hoping that maybe we can prevent that by educating our community . ”
At the Harris County Animal Shelter the numbers are just as staggering .
Dr. Michael White , Director of Harris County Veterinary Public Health Division , said last year the shelter took in 18,000 animals .
This year they said intake numbers are up 24 percent . If it the trend continues the shelter could peak at over 22,000 animals .
Both shelters believe strays and surrenders are part of the problem but there are other reasons for the area 's severe animal problem .
Dr. White said , “ Part of it is community . They 're perception of what is proper care of animal and we do promote responsible pet ownership . ”
They said the weather can play a factor .
“ In this area it does n't get very cold in the winter so there are litters of puppies and kittens born all year round , ” they said .
According to the American Veterinary Medical Association , other major cities like Dallas , Los Angeles and Las Vegas have adopted mandatory spay and neuter ordinances that help control the pet population .
The Houston City Council considered an ordinance in 2008 but it did not gain any traction .
We reached out to Mayor Sylvester Turner 's office for comment on the possibility of a city ordinance mandating spaying and neutering .
Their office stated the Department of Administration and Regulatory Affairs , which runs BARC , does n't recommend addition animal control ordinances to the mayor because they believe educating pet owners about their options , and the alternatives to abandonment , would have a better outcome .
Dr. White said , “ I would like to see mandatory spay and neuter . Now a city can write ordinances that a county can not . This county is an extension of state government and we can only do what the state government allows us to do . ”
Fadely adds people often times ca n't afford spaying and neutering their animals .
“ We 're asking that people take advantage of day low cost spay and neuter programs or free programs that may be in their local area , ” Fadely said .
BARC officials said after Hurricane Harvey so many people came forward to foster but foster homes are now tapped out and tired because it 's the same people fostering over and over .
© 2018 KHOU
JEDDAH — As part of its to graduate accomplished women , leaders , and entrepreneurs , Dar Al-Hekma University ensures that its students participate in several courses and extra-curricular activities . Recently , 36 Dar Al-Hekma students participated and received 3 credits in a 70-hour , 10-day entrepreneurship workshop and competed for cash prizes at a final pitch competition . Winning teams included Harmonize , a virtual reality interior design app , Fit Kids , a summer camp for youth with health and weight challenges , and iSave , a medical information storage technology .
The course was organized by StrateSphere LLC , a Columbus Ohio-based company specializing in creating private-public partnerships specializing in the education sector , and implemented a Venture Highway entrepreneurship education class for the university students .
The class was held from Jan. 28 to Feb. 7 on the Dar Al-Hekma University campus .
“ I advise all educational institutions for women to combine their efforts through the cooperation with private institutions to find a stimulating environment for women entrepreneurship and to develop systems and procedures that encourage their participation and ensure their sustainability , ” said the President of Dar Al-Hekma University , Dr. Suhair Hassan Al Qurashi .
“ StrateSphere is committed to carrying out our mission to inspire and educate young entrepreneurs in collaboration with local partners around the world and are pleased to have been able to offer our cutting-edge blended learning entrepreneurship workshop in partnership with Dar Al-Hekma University , ” stated Tariq Farwana , StrateSphere 's founder and managing partner .
“ Dar Al-Hekma University is ahead of the game in offering best-in-class courses for its students and we look forward to continuing our partnership by offering more Venture Highway entrepreneurship workshops on campus in the very near future , ” Farwana said .
The workshop content tied nicely to the Saudi Arabia 's Vision 2030 , the country 's recently announced strategic plan to revamp its economy by , among other things , boosting women participation in the workforce and increase SME share of the national GDP .
Hanan AlGamdi , StrateSphere 's senior consultant located in Jeddah , noted the quality and talent of the Dar Al-Hekma University students . “ These young ladies showed us quickly how talented and driven they are . This workshop was , for many of the participants , their first exposure to business and entrepreneurship training , yet they came up with many brilliant ideas that can become viable , successful businesses in the near future . There 's no doubt that these women will take on leadership roles in Saudi Arabia and we ca n't wait to see what they will achieve ” .
Dar Al-Hekma University thrives to pave the road to success by developing entrepreneurial skills through entrepreneurship courses . During the course , Dar Al-Hekma University along with Venture Highways celebrated the winners of the competition .
Mumbai : Shubhada Varadkar is wondering what they can gift to their cousin Leo Varadkar , who has taken over as the new prime minister of Ireland .
Having gifted books to their cousin earlier , they said now the situation has changed . “ We watched the oath ceremony on TV yesterday . We were almost glued to the television . It is indeed a moment full of joy , happiness and pride for the entire Varadkar family , ” Shubhada , who lives in suburban Borivali , told PTI .
“ I am planning to visit the UK in August , and hopefully I will get a chance to ( go to Ireland and ) meet him , now the prime minister of Ireland . In one of our previous meetings , I had gifted them ( Jawaharlal Nehru 's ) ‘ Discovery of India ' , and I was pleased to know that they know a lot about India as a democratic country and its historic moments . But I am wondering what should I gift them now , as a PM whether they would find the time to read ... And as a PM , they can get anything whenever they want , ” they said .
Vasant Varadkar , Leo 's distant cousin from Sindhudurg district of coastal Maharashtra , said , “ We have shared our feelings and wishes with Leo 's father Ashok . We are in touch with them and we keep exchanging messages from time to time . Our wish is that one day Leo as the PM of Ireland should come to their village Varad in Sindhudurg district . It would be the biggest day of our life . ”
Leo Varadkar , Ireland 's first Indian-origin premier , on Wednesday officially took over from Enda Kenny as Taoiseach , as the Irish prime ministerial title is known , after a parliamentary vote in Dublin confirmed them as the leader by 57 votes to 50 , with 47 abstentions .
They are the youngest and the first openly gay prime minister of the Catholic-majority country . Their father Ashok , hails from Varad , a village in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra .
BISMARCK , N.D. ( AP ) - North Dakota has failed to reach a settlement with a group of Native Americans who sued the state over its expanded voter identification laws .
Secretary of State Al Jaeger says the closed-door meeting Tuesday was unsuccessful , but `` discussions may continue . ''
The settlement talks were held a month after U.S. District Judge Daniel Hovland criticized the state for raising a `` litany of embellished concerns '' about people taking advantage of their ruling that expands the proof of identity Native Americans can use for North Dakota elections .
The state has appealed the ruling but Hovland had suggested the parties negotiate a settlement .
Tom Dickson , a Bismarck-based lawyer for tribal members , says they were hopeful a settlement could be reached . But they say `` the ball is in the state 's court . ''
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
The number one goal of the Blue Knight swimming and diving team every year is to advance as many athletes to the state meet as possible . It never changes , but it also never gets old to Southington coach Evan Tuttle .
“ Although the winter swim season is the longest season of any high school sport , we aim to make it as long as possible by advancing as far as possible , ” the coach said . “ We have a strong core group of student-athletes who have been working tirelessly in the offseason to make this season their best yet . ”
Although they tied their highest mark of athletes qualified for the Class LL championship last year—sending nine athletes in 10 events—Tuttle said that they have even greater expectations for this season .
“ We fully expect the kids that were at the state meet last year to be back and advance further , ” said Tuttle . “ We also want them to try and bring along as many of those newcomers as possible . As long as we can fill that void in the breaststroke , this is probably the most well-rounded team we 've ever had . ”
Southington finished last year 's regular season at 7-4 overall , placing third behind Farmington and Hall in the CCC South White with a 3-2 divisional record . The Knights entered the postseason by finishing as runner-up out of six teams behind Farmington at the CCC South White championship at the Cornerstone Aquatics Center in West Hartford .
Southington placed 13th out of 22 teams at the state meet at Wesleyan University in Middletown and then advanced a pair of relays to the state open at Yale University in New Haven , tying for 36th out of 54 teams .
Greenwich edged out Cheshire to claim their fourth-straight Class LL title and Pomperaug to capture their fourth-straight open title . Since 1971 , the Cardinals have won 42 CIAC Class LL titles and 32 open titles .
“ We had a very successful season last year , and that 's been building for many years now , in terms of numbers and depth , ” the coach said . “ Getting into that open meet in the relay was a big accomplishment . ”
In order to advance even more athletes to this year 's state meet , Tuttle said that alot will depend on the leadership of the returning state finalists .
“ Those who were there last year have to stay focused and ca n't lose sight of the fact that competition around the state is going to get tougher every single year , ” said Tuttle . “ Those upperclassmen and veterans have to push those talented newcomers , so that we could get those kids across the threshold as well . ”
The Knights lost 10 athletes to graduation , including Austin Bull , Steve Sokolowski , John Stevens , and Dariusz Zajac . Bull was one of the team 's top breaststrokers who competed in the 200 medley relay and 100 breaststroke at the state meet and the 200 medley relay at the open . Bull finished their senior campaign as a 1:01-breaststroker , which was the fastest breaststroker that the team has had in over a decade .
Sokolowski and Stevens were legs in the 200 freestyle relay at the state meet . Stevens was the team 's second-best breaststroker next to Bull . Zajac was a Class LL finalist as a leg in the 200 freestyle relay .
On the other hand , the Knights are returning more postseason experience than they are losing with 19 swimmers and three divers . Those keys swimmers include seniors Zack Blake , PJ Ramsey , and Jonathan Symecko ; juniors Evan Bender , Brendon Egan , Quintin Kimmel , and Ben Wakefield ; and sophomore Julie Duszak .
“ Returning the vast majority of last year 's state team is certainly going to be an advantage for us , ” the coach said . “ Those are kids not just with a tremendous amount of swimming and diving experience , but swimming and diving experience at the postseason level . ”
Blake ( 200 freestyle , 100 freestyle ) , Egan ( 100 backstroke ) , and Ramsey ( 50 freestyle , 100 fly ) competed at the state meet and moved on to the open where they each swam as legs in the 200 medley relay and 400 freestyle relays .
Wakefield swam as leg in the 200 freestyle relay at the state meet and 400 freestyle relays at the state meet and open . Bender ( 200 freestyle relays ) competed at the state meet as well .
Divers include senior Victoria Duszak ; and sophomores Chase Galayda and Kian Siadat . All three divers competed at the conference championship , but Galayda advanced to the state meet where they dove for 18th out of 29 divers .
Freshmen Ben Ragozzine and EJ Suski will also be diving for Southington this season , making it the first time in Tuttle 's tenure that the program competed with five divers .
Blake , Victoria Duszak , Ramsey , and Symecko have been named as team captains to lead Southington this season . Victoria Duszak is the program 's first-ever female co-captain under Tuttle 's tenure .
“ Those four individuals have been devoted to this program since they set foot on this pool deck as freshmen , ” said Tuttle .
Kimmel will look to add distance to Southington 's roster this season after swimming in the 500 freestyle at last year 's Class LL trials . Julie Duszak will look to replace Bull and Stevens as the team 's third-best breaststroker last year .
Since they have taken over the swimming and diving programs at Southington , Tuttle has never had trouble filling the pool , and this season is a prime example of that . The Knights added nearly 20 new athletes , all of which are expected to make an impact .
“ I do n't think it 's so much me , ” the coach said . “ I think it 's more the kids that are involved in the program . They 're outstanding student-athletes . That 's an attractive thing , in terms of other athletes that are looking to get involved with the program . That 's a credit to the kids that have been involved with this program for years . ”
Those whose presence will be felt immediately are freshmen Ryan Asido , Brian Egan , Tyler Heidgerd , and Derek Melanson .
“ We have very high expectations for ourselves this year because of that strong returning class , ” said Tuttle . “ But we have a pretty solid incoming class as well that 's going to complement those veterans nicely . ”
Tuttle is entering their seventh year as head coach of the program .
To comment on this story or to contact sports writer Brian Jennings , email them at bjennings @ southingtonobserver.com .
HOUSTON -- On the heels of a historic Game 1 performance by their infield partner Jose Altuve , Astros shortstop Carlos Correa was prepared for a shift in strategy by the opposition that would nullify Altuve and yield for Correa opportunities to produce with runners in scoring position .
Correa bashed a two-run homer in the first inning and drilled a two-out , two-run double in the sixth as Houston rolled to a second consecutive 8-2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Friday at Minute Maid Park in Game 2 of the American League Division Series .
Correa finished 2-for-4 with four RBIs as the Astros secured a 2-0 series lead with Game 3 set for Fenway Park in Boston on Sunday .
Boston was determined to not let Altuve dominate like they did in the opener when they posted the 10th three-homer game in postseason history . The Red Sox instead tried their luck with the All-Star batting cleanup , intentionally walking Altuve twice to face Correa at critical junctures .
`` I came to the ballpark today mentally prepared for that situation , '' Correa said . `` He hit three homers yesterday , he 's the best hitter in the game right now , so I was expecting when first base was open with guys on base in important situations they were going to get walked . I came mentally prepared for it and was able to come through . ''
That strategy paid dividends when Boston left-hander David Price induced Correa to pop out with George Springer on second base and Altuve on first to end the fourth inning . When Boston tried the gambit two innings later , this time with Addison Reed on the mound , Correa pounced .
Correa drove home Springer and Altuve by lining the first pitch from Reed to left field and scored on the ensuing pitch when Evan Gattis followed with an RBI single . Houston plated four runs in the frame to double its output , end the suspense , and seize control of the series .
`` He 's been dynamite , '' Red Sox manager John Farrell said of their decisions to intentionally walk Altuve twice . `` You pick your poison . He 's extremely hot , an extremely good hitter . Felt like we were going to move on and go to the next guy . ''
Altuve still went 2-for-3 with two runs , two walks and an RBI single that chased Red Sox starter Drew Pomeranz ( 0-1 ) in the third . Altuve scored when Correa homered in the first .
Astros left-hander Dallas Keuchel ( 1-0 ) survived a 30-pitch second inning and pitched into the sixth , allowing one run on three hits and three walks with seven strikeouts . They surrendered an RBI single to Jackie Bradley Jr. that cut the Houston lead to 2-1 in the second before rallying to retire 13 consecutive batters . Keuchel departed following their two-out walk to Hanley Ramirez .
`` They had a good game plan early on and that was to look over the plate and raise their eyesights , and I was n't able to pull up the two-seam ( fastball ) , '' Keuchel said . `` So I just went to plan B and that was go extreme , extreme in with the cutter and slider and was able to get some early strikes , get ahead in the count , attack them and kind of put them back on their heels , and was fortunate enough to make an adjustment early enough before it was too late . ''
Springer clubbed an opposite-field home run off Pomeranz leading off the third inning , the Astros ' sixth homer of the series . Correa and Springer were a combined 0-for-8 in the opener . In a showcase of the Astros ' depth , they produced 12 total bases and scored four runs in Game 2 .
`` Honestly , I think I just made one bad pitch there in the beginning against Correa , '' said Pomeranz , who allowed four runs on five hits and one walk over two-plus innings . `` They hit some pretty good pitches off of me after that .
`` They 're a good lineup , and they 've had a good offensive lineup all year . You 've got to make pitches against those guys . ''
NOTES : Major League Baseball approved a roster substitution for Boston due to 3B Eduardo Nunez aggravating their right knee injury in Game 1 . Nunez was replaced on the ALDS roster by OF Chris Young and is ineligible to return for the ALCS should the Red Sox advance . However , Nunez could participate in the World Series if Boston wins the pennant . ... Astros manager A.J . Hinch named RHP Brad Peacock as their starter for Game 3 with RHP Charlie Morton set to start Game 4 is the Red Sox extend the series with a victory . ... Red Sox LHP David Price made their seventh career postseason relief appearance , but just their second since 2010 , when they entered with one out in the third inning . Their first five postseason outings , all in 2008 with Tampa Bay , were out of the bullpen .
However , Capitec Bank has slammed the reports and said it was not true that the bank was being investigated . Charl Nel , the head of communications at Capitec Bank , said the bank had taken note of the blatant , misleading and untruthful commentary by the media . “ We have no knowledge of the investigation that the media refers to and we are in close and regular contact with the Sarb and the NCR , ” Nel said .
Capitec 's share price declined to R850.90 a share in the morning , down from Monday 's closing price of R888 a share . The share closed 3.94 percent lower at R853 on the JSE yesterday .
George Herman , a director and chief investment officer at Citadel , said if the claims were correct , it was great to see that regulators were not asleep at the wheel and were pro-actively engaging with issues affecting retail customer funds .
“ One has to ask though : Where were they with VBS Bank ? ” Herman asked . Capitec was accused by Viceroy for reckless lending in its report published in January , leading to a 25 percent decline in its share price in one day . Viceroy said Capitec boosted its income by charging excessive fees on its multi-loan product . However , the bank has always maintained its stance that it does not roll over loans and is not involved in reckless lending . The National Treasury strongly defended the bank and said Capitec was solvent , well capitalised and has adequate liquidity . Kokkie Kooyman , a portfolio manager at Denker Capital , said there was not enough information to suggest that Capitec was being investigated .
“ I ca n't verify the accuracy , but it would make sense that if the Sarb thought that fees charged by a bank were out of line that it would refer it to the National Credit Regulator , ” Kooyman said . They added that they were not sure as to how the process worked or if the Sarb would automatically let the bank know or if that would come from the NCR when it decided to indeed investigate . “ So I am not surprised that the bank is not aware at this stage , ” Kooyman said . They said obviously Capitec and any other bank would not suck a bank charge out of its thumb and would have a basis for the rand amount of percentage of a fee charged .
“ Bear in mind that Capitec has been taking market share and gaining clients daily from the large four banks because its fees are lower and more competitive , hence , I would be surprised if Capitec was found to be overcharging , ” Kooyman said .
Nesan Nair , a senior portfolio manager at Sasfin Securities , said : “ I think it is good for the NCR to look into this – one way or the other we will receive confirmation as to whether there were transgressions. ” Nair added that this was one of the issues that Viceroy had raised and depending on what the outcome of the investigation was , “ we will at least know whether there was any truth to the Viceroy allegations ” , they said . Capitec received a major boost yesterday when S & P Global ratings said that it had raised the national scale longterm credit ratings of Capitec Bank , the wholly owned subsidiary of Capitec , to zaAA from zaAA- .
“ This change was affected by S & P after the revision of its criteria on national scale ratings and subsequent recalibration of the mapping table for South Africa , ” S & P said .
- BUSINESS REPORT
DURBAN - Capitec Bank 's share price slipped by more than 4 percent on the JSE after media reports that the SA Reserve Bank ( Sarb ) has written to the National Credit Regulator ( NCR ) requesting a probe into loan origination fees charged by the bank .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kim Kardashian has been spotted arriving at the White House as they begin talks on prison reform with senior officals .
Looking worlds away from their usual glam and barely there ensembles , Kim arrived in a very understated suit ahead of their meeting .
Photographed as they headed through security , Kim was seen dressed in an oversized black trouser suit , adding only a splash of colour with a pair of yellow stilettos , with their long hair worn loose over their shoulders .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
It 's not yet known whether President Donald Trump will be in the meeting - but Kim 's expected to meet senior advisor Jared Kushner to discuss their campaign .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders confirmed Kim would be arriving , after the star has become an advocate for grandmother Alice Marie Johnson .
Johnson has served more than 20 years in prison for a first-time non-violent drug offence .
( Image : Change.org )
( Image : Getty )
It 's expected that Kim will ask for the grandmother 's pardon during their visit .
Vanity Fair magazine first reported that mum-of-three Kim was due to speak to President Trump and their son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner about prison reform and Johnson , who they have been backing for months .
Kim is thought to have been involved in private discussions with Mr Kushner and their wife Ivanka Trump for several months .
It is believed that the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star will be joined by their lawyer and that the meeting will take place in the Oval Office .
( Image : Getty )
Ahead of their meeting Kim tweeted : `` Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you . ''
The reality TV star included an emoji symbolising praying hands , and a star , in their post .
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997 .
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson , started by their daughter , currently has more than 250,000 signatures .
( Image : Getty )
After Kim 's support for the campaign sent it viral , Johnson wrote a heartfelt thank-you letter to them for shining light on their 'unfair situation . '
The letter obtained by TMZ read : `` Ms Kardashian you are literally helping to save my life and restore me to my family . I was drowning and you have thrown me a life jacket and given me hope . ''
They then predicted Kim would become a 'key figure in meaningful criminal justice reform becoming a reality . '
It looks like their prediction has come true .
From Friday , Aug. 11 to Sunday , Aug. 13 , Southington experienced numerous vehicle burglaries and stolen motor vehicles . These incidents were mainly in the southwest portion of town , and the Southington Police Department is actively investigating these incidents .
“ We are compiling data from these investigations and other recent investigations , and we will provide a press release on Wednesday , Aug. 16 , in the morning , detailing these incidents and our investigative efforts , ” police officials said in a press release . “ We will also work on releasing video surveillance of possible suspects at that time . ”
In the meantime police are reminded residents to lock their vehicles and be vigilant to anything or anyone suspicious in their neighborhood .
Deers cross an open field at the 7th Army Training Command 's Grafenwoehr Training Area , Germany , Feb. 14 , 2017 . The Red Deer population on the Grafenwoehr Training Area is one of the largest in Europe , and the training area is home to 138 distinct types of flora and almost 800 endangered species . ( U.S. Army photo by Visual Information Specialist Matthias Fruth )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.14.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 08:41 Photo ID : 3167079 VIRIN : 170214-A-EO786-010 Resolution : 7088x4872 Size : 21.19 MB Location : GRAFENWOEHR , BY , DE Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Deers cross an open field [ Image 1 of 6 ] , by Matthias Fruth , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Dr. Ali Al-Ghamdi
The Pakistan Repatriation Council ( PRC ) recently organized a symposium to mark the day to express solidarity with the people of Kashmir who are fighting for self-determination . Kashmir Day was observed to commemorate the day when the Indian forces occupied Kashmir following a request from Maharaja Hari Singh , the Hindu ruler of Kashmir .
Several prominent figures from the Pakistani community in Jeddah attended the symposium , which started with recitation of a few verses from the Holy Qur'an . The speakers focused on the struggle of the Kashmiri people and their suffering under the Indian occupation , which is contrary to all international laws and conventions that guarantee Kashmiris their right to self-determination .
The speakers called on the government of Pakistan to work together with the United Nations and the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) to implement international resolutions that call for holding a plebiscite in Kashmir so that its people can decide the future of Kashmir on the basis of self-determination . They also demanded that the government of Pakistan repatriate and rehabilitate stranded Pakistanis in Bangladesh who have been living a miserable life in squalid camps for more than 45 years .
As for the Kashmir problem , it still remains a bleeding wound in the subcontinent . The Kashmir problem dates back to the time of the partition of the subcontinent when British colonial rulers agreed with the leaders of the Indian National Congress and the India Muslim League on the division of British India into two nations – India and Pakistan . The partition was based on the two-nation theory under which Muslim majority regions would become part of the new nation of Pakistan while Hindu-majority regions would remain part of India .
However , the princely states , which enjoyed autonomy , were left to choose whether to join India or Pakistan after taking geographical and demographic considerations into account . All the princely states , except three , joined India or Pakistan on the basis of the desire of the majority of the people in those states . Hyderabad , Junagadh and Kashmir were the three states . As for Hyderabad , its ruler , Nizam of Hyderabad , decided to remain independent while the Muslim ruler of Junagadh wanted to accede to Pakistan . However , the Indian army invaded these two princely states on the grounds that the majority of the people in those states were Hindus .
Considering the fact that the majority of people were Muslims , Kashmir was supposed to join Pakistan . However , the Hindu king Maharaja Hari Singh agreed to Kashmir 's accession to India . But Pakistan was vehemently against this as it totally contravened the Independence Document and the Partition Plan , agreed by both sides as the basis for the partition of the subcontinent .
The Kashmir issue led to the first war between the two countries , and India was able to occupy two-thirds of Kashmir while Pakistan took control of the remaining third . Subsequent to the war , the United Nations intervened as a mediator to enforce a ceasefire and end the conflict . The UN established a body called the United Nations Commission for India and Pakistan to investigate the facts that gave rise to the Kashmir dispute and the UN mandate called for appointing a Plebiscite Administrator to supervise a free and impartial plebiscite through which the people of Kashmir would determine which country they wanted to belong to .
The plebiscite would have been an acceptable solution to the problem had India not backtracked from its earlier promise of holding it . India 's main justification for not holding the plebiscite was the result of the elections held in Kashmir in which the National Conference was victorious . However , this election , which scuttled the UN-sponsored plebiscite , was not acceptable to the United Nations , Pakistan and the people of Kashmir .
The Kashmir problem has been instrumental in straining bilateral relations between the two neighboring countries for several decades . The two sides held several rounds of talks in the past to solve the Kashmir problem , but to no avail . India and Pakistan fought a number of wars over Kashmir that claimed the lives of thousands of innocent people and affected the interests of both countries adversely . It also leads to the waste of resources that otherwise could have been spent for the massive development of the two countries .
It is high time to resolve this contentious problem on the basis of the resolutions passed by the United Nations . India , which has turned Kashmir into military barracks , should realize that the security and stability of the region demands the resolution of this problem through fulfilling the aspirations of the Kashmiri people , and that it is not possible for the government of India to subjugate the people of Kashmir by using military force .
Also , the United Nations must shoulder its responsibility to resolve this long-standing problem by holding a plebiscite in line with its decision at the time of the eruption of the crisis . The big powers must also play a greater role in demanding that a plebiscite be held in Kashmir similar to the way they acted to have a referendum held in Indonesia and Sudan , which resulted in the creation of the new states of East Timor and South Sudan .
The speakers at the symposium also dealt with the plight of stranded Pakistanis in Bangladesh who are waiting to be repatriated and rehabilitated in Pakistan , which was the country of their choice at the time of the partition and later after the secession of East Pakistan .
Finally , I would like to repeat the words of PRC Convener Syed Ehsanul Haque who demanded that Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif activate the Muslim World League ( Rabita ) Endowment that was created for the repatriation of these hapless people .
— Dr. Ali Al-Ghamdi is a former Saudi diplomat who specializes in Southeast Asian affairs . They can be reached at algham @ hotmail.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A married couple who viciously punched , kicked and stamped on a grandmother in a row over a tray of sandwiches has each been jailed for three years .
Greg and Maria Toole together attacked 60-year-old Dorothy Matthews following the `` senseless '' argument about the tray being taken away from an engagement party .
Maria , 32 , was described as being `` completely out of control '' when they dragged Miss Matthews from a taxi in front of their three grandchildren and repeatedly punched them
Them 33-year-old husband Greg then began kicking the grandmother as they lay on the ground of a working men 's club car park in Snodland , Kent .
Miss Matthews described how they thought they were going to die as they heard their `` body cracking '' .
They told a court all they could do was curl up in a ball and said they thought they would never be able to get up .
Greg and Maria Toole , who have six children , acted together in a `` most unpleasant '' attack on Miss Matthews , a judge said .
Self-emoloyed builder Greg , who has previous convictions for violence , joined in after shouting they should not `` start on their wife '' , who gave birth to their sixth child while awaiting trial .
Miss Matthews suffered a fractured sternum and three broken neck vertebrae in the violent onslaught , dubbed a `` sandwich tray war '' by Judge Adele Williams .
It occurred after Miss Matthews 's daughter-in-law helped themselves to the plastic sandwich platters as they left the celebrations on February 18 last year .
Described in court as being a trial `` with aspects of the soap opera about it '' , Miss Matthews was first hit up to 10 times by Maria Toole , whose youngest child is just 15 weeks old .
The gran was then kicked and stamped on by Greg .
`` I heard cracks in my body , I could hear my body cracking inside , and then I felt a deep crack . I was in agony , '' said Miss Matthews .
`` It ( the attack ) felt like forever . I did n't think it would end . I thought I was dying .
`` I thought I would never be able to get up and I felt I would die on that spot . ''
The Tooles , of Snodland , denied inflicting grievous bodily harm but were unanimously convicted by a jury on Friday June 29 .
Sentencing them today at Maidstone Crown Court in Kent , Judge Adele Williams said jail was inevitable despite the impact on their children .
`` This was a most unpleasant attack upon a woman older than each of you .
`` There was a senseless argument about sandwich trays and you , Maria Toole , began to exchange verbal abuse .
`` You were very drunk and angry and pursued them to the taxi , '' they told them .
`` It was a joint attack and each of you is equally culpable and responsible .
`` Dorothy Matthews sustained serious injuries and I have heard a victim personal statement from them which makes clear the pain , suffering and distress that they have suffered .
`` She has , not surprisingly , found this to be a deeply traumatic experience and experiences ongoing physical problems .
`` It has also affected them psychologically . They have lost confidence and fears for them future .
`` I 'm satisfied proper arrangements have been made for the care of your children but I do not underestimate the effect on the children of separation from both parents . ''
The judge added : `` You , Maria Toole , were completely out of control . You started the violence .
`` CCTV showed how you ran after them and had to be pulled away and prevented from returning to continue the attack .
`` You , Greg Toole , used your foot to inflict injury by kicking and stamping on your victim .
`` It was a sustained attack , a shod foot was used and two of you were involved .
`` Also , the victim 's grandchildren were present in the taxi . ''
( Image : Google Maps )
The court was told the Tooles ' children , three of whom are under school age , will be cared for in their family home by an aunt and their grandmother .
However , Judge Williams remarked it would be an `` advantageous arrangement '' if Maria and the youngest child were reunited in a mother and baby unit .
Miss Matthews , known as Dot , was leaving Snodland Working Men 's Club with their family when they were attacked at about 11.30pm .
Just seconds earlier their daughter 's partner , Chelsea Farinaro , had been confronted about leaving with the sandwich servers and so they were returned .
Prosecutor Iestyn Morgan said at the start of the trial on June 26 : `` This is a sad case , as most cases are , with aspects of the soap opera about it because this occurred after an engagement party where everything had gone well throughout the evening .
`` Then , at the very end , an argument starts over a plate or tray of sandwiches being taken from the party .
`` That argument ends up with a 60-year-old lady in hospital with a fracture to their sternum and several fractures to their neck . ''
Miss Matthews spent two weeks in hospital recovering from their injuries , needed full-time care for several weeks after their discharge , and was off work for three months .
In a statement to the court , the one-time keen walker said : `` I feel like I want to put a sign around my neck saying 'Fragile ' . One thing the assault has taught me is that you do n't know what is ahead of you .
`` I went out for the evening to what was considered a safe place . I am now nervous about being out and about and fear for my future .
`` I do n't want this to turn me into an old lady . I 'm 60 years old and have always considered myself to be young at heart . But since this has happened I feel my age .
`` I am angry this has happened and I am upset my grandchildren were there and this will be in their memories . I can not believe they did this in front of my grandchildren . It is despicable . ''
( Image : Google Street View )
The court heard the engagement party was being held by a work colleague of Miss Matthews ' at a cab firm in Maidstone .
Miss Farinaro was in the car park with the sandwich tray when a woman told them they could not be taken . CCTV showed them placing the server on the ground .
Footage also revealed Maria Toole flicking their cigarette at them as they walked past them to their waiting taxi .
Already in the vehicle were the three grandchildren , aged nine , six and four , Miss Matthews ' daughter Somma Mockford , and another married couple .
Miss Matthews said they had all enjoyed themselves at the party and took the sandwiches on leaving because plenty of food was left over .
The court heard they were sitting in the taxi when they heard a woman shout `` You f * * * ing whore '' .
People then began banging on the windows and they said was suddenly dragged out by them clothing .
Miss Matthews recognised Maria Toole from Facebook , and described hearing a `` deep crack '' to their chest bone as they were kicked .
They eventually managed to flee when their daughter Somma Mockford jumped out of the cab and pulled Maria Toole away .
The court was told they heard their mother saying they were `` breaking their bones '' and the grandchildren were screaming .
Caroline Harris , defending Maria Toole , said their `` key '' mitigation was them being a `` family woman '' .
`` This is a huge punishment for them to be separated from their children during key stages in their lives . The sooner they are reunited to better , '' they added .
Greg Toole , who claimed they acted in self-defence while trying to protect their wife , has previous convictions and cautions for offences including biting a police officer and battery .
The government gave its nod for Air India privatisation in June . Photo : Bloomberg
New Delhi : The government has infused another Rs927 crore into state-run Air India Ltd this month as part of a fund infusion agreed upon almost a decade ago , and which it has promised to continue even as it works towards selling part of its stake in the airline .
The infusion is timely because the airline has been facing a cash crunch and , in fact , delayed salaries for some employees . Many state-owned banks have also become cautious about lending to the airline , given the move to privatise it . Mint learns that the airline has asked its parent ministry ( the ministry of civil aviation ) to speak to the finance ministry on this count .
“ This will help with liquidity , ” an Air India official who asked not to be named said , referring to the infusion . Of the Rs2,587 crore the airline was to get from the government this financial year , it has already been paid a total of Rs1,633 crore .
Since 2012 , it has received about Rs25,000 crore as equity from the government .
Air India has a monthly shortfall of about Rs400 crore and banks had become jittery about lending to it after the government announced plans to privatise the airline in June , said a government official who did not wish to be named .
The aviation ministry told Parliament this month that it would continue to support Air India as per the approved turnaround plan and would honour financial obligations till further directions .
It also noted that the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) , in its meeting held on 28 June , had given an in-principle approval for considering strategic disinvestment of Air India and its five subsidiaries and also approved the appointment of advisors for this .
On Sunday , Union minister Nitin Gadkari , who is part of the group of ministers , said profit-making subsidiaries of Air India should be kept out of the proposed privatisation , PTI reported from Nagpur .
“ I would urge the aviation minister that the subsidiary running the MRO ( maintenance , repair and overhaul ) is kept different from its parent , because if a decision on Air India ( stake sale ) is taken , I hope this company also does n't go to some other party . Any business that is profitable should be encouraged by the government , ” Gadkari said .
Last year , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had lauded Air India in their Independence Day speech , the first such mention of the national airline by a prime minister in recent years .
“ Brothers and sisters , in our country , the PSUs ( public sector units ) are formed to fall into a pit , to fail , to get locked up or to be sold out . That has been the history . We have tried to bring in a new culture . And today for the first time , I can say with satisfaction that Air India , which had a bad image , has succeeded in registering an operational profit last year , ” they said .
In June , the government surprised everyone with its decision to privatise the airline . InterGlobe Aviation Ltd , which runs IndiGo , has already thrown its hat in the ring . Mint reported on 23 July private equity funds KKR and Co. and Warburg Pincus were also considering doing so .
New Delhi : Megastar Amitabh Bachchan was snapped at a popular ad studio at Khar in Mumbai on Wednesday . The legendary actor was shooting for an ad at the studio when they were clicked by the paparazzi .
Amitabh was spotted in their usual avatar . The actor had donned a white kurta-pyjama with shawl and black loafers .
Check out their photos here :
( Photo courtesy : Yogen Shah )
It is to be noted that Amitabh is one of the busiest actors in the film industry . The legendary actor recently shot for another ad for a popular jewellery brand with their daughter Shweta Nanda . This was perhaps for the first time that Bachchan senior shot a commercial with their daughter .
They got all emotional and shared a post with a heartwarming picture on Twitter .
Bachchan senior wrote : `` Daughters be the best '' .
Shweta will be seen making their debut in acting with this ad shoot . Is n't this simply adorable ? Well , on the professional front , AB just delivered a hit with '102 Not Out ' starring Rishi Kapoor in the lead opposite him .
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo is closing in on a move to Juventus after the Italian champions lodge £88 million bid for Real Madrid striker .
A source close to the player has revealed the Portuguese is now considering the offer .
Ronaldo joined the Spanish club in 2008 from Manchester United for a then world record fee of £80m and has since become their all-time top scorer with 451 goals in all competitions and has won two La Liga titles and four Champions League trophies .
Despite the glut of silverware , however , the five-times world player of the year has had frequent fallouts with Real and has declared on several occasions that they want to leave the club .
( Image : REUTERS )
Moments after lifting a third consecutive Champions League trophy by beating Liverpool 3-1 in the final on May 26 , Ronaldo appeared to suggest they had already decided to leave Real , telling a television reporter on the pitch at Kiev 's NSC Olympic Stadium : `` It was beautiful to play for Real Madrid . ''
Ronaldo , 33 , appeared to backtrack on that statement during Real 's celebration parade through the Spanish capital the next day , when they told a mass of supporters : `` See you next season . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
The Portugal forward was reported to be on the verge of leaving last June after a news story appeared in Portuguese newspaper Record declaring they were unhappy with the club .
They also caused a stir in 2012 when they declared in a post-match interview after a game with Granada : `` I 'm sad and the club know why . ''
Spanish newspaper Marca suggested on Wednesday that Ronaldo is unhappy at Real because they are searching for a successor to them and president Florentino Perez has publicly courted Paris St Germain forward Neymar , urging the Brazilian last year to come to Madrid if they want to win the prestigious Ballon d'Or award .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Ronaldo scored two goals against Juventus in Real 's 4-1 win in the 2017 Champions League and struck a jaw-dropping bicycle kick against the Italians in a 3-0 win in a quarter-final first leg game in Turin which prompted Juve supporters to give them a standing ovation .
The Portuguese forward converted a stoppage-time penalty in the second leg to knock the Italians out 4-3 on aggregate .
Ronaldo had an explosive start to the 2018 World Cup by scoring a hat-trick in their side 's 3-3 draw with Spain and they hit the winning goal in a 1-0 win over Morocco .
They missed a penalty in a 1-1 draw with Iran and failed to score in their side 's 2-1 defeat by Uruguay in the last 16 .
'This Is Not A Love Letter ' Really Is A ( Heartbreaking ) Love Letter
Every now and then I read an article or essay musing about whether or not young adult literature is `` too dark '' — whether there 's too much sex , too much violence , too much sadness . The premise of these essays is usually that teenagers exist in some pristine unspoiled state until they pick up a book about drug use or self-harm that makes them unhappy .
This is of course not the case — and I 'm glad that Kim Purcell 's This is Not a Love Letter exists for teenagers who have to look after their parents , navigate hostile social environments , and cope with trauma .
Jessie lives with their disabled , hoarding mother in an impoverished part of a small , mostly white former mill town in the Pacific Northwest . Them boyfriend , Chris , is one of very few black people in the area ; when they go missing ( during a week-long `` break '' they 're taking from their relationship ) Jessie spurs their friends , neighborhood , and neighboring towns into action to find him . The book consists of a letter she 's writing to their absence , documenting everything being done to find him , but also writing to them as they never has before , with a vulnerability and an intimacy born of the desperation to bring them home . They confess feelings and thoughts they have n't done in person , reflects on the love letters he 's written them that went unanswered , building Chris ' presence out of their absence as the best letters do .
But the longer Chris is gone , the more the mystery of what could have happened to them grips Jessie , their friends and their family — while the systems and mechanics that normalize and excuse violence against black men kick into high gear .
I read pretty quickly . But it 's unusual for me to read a 350 page book in exactly 3.5 hours , feeling the story 's urgency pull me deeper and deeper inside it . Jessie is a lifeguard , and describes , at one point , a strategy of fighting off an attack in the water by diving to a river 's bottom ; I felt that strategy in the writing , of Jessie kicking down into the scariest possibilities as if that might force their fear to let go and stop pursuing them It 's a tremendously engrossing , affecting book , and I was thoroughly absorbed .
That said , there are blurbs aplenty that describe this book as `` brave , '' which in my experience is code for `` white author writing about racism . '' The parts of the book that were most effective for me on that front involved Jessie examining themselves as well as their town 's history and the behavior of others ; recognizing the mortifying , inadvertent ways in which we take in a legacy of viciousness just by existing in unjust worlds . I was often deeply moved by Jessie 's honesty and anger , and nodded along at the reactions of people more angry at being called racist than at the existence of racism .
I read pretty quickly . But it 's unusual for me to read a 350 page book in exactly 3.5 hours , feeling the story 's urgency pull me deeper and deeper inside it .
It 's worth pointing out — especially as this review is appearing during Black History Month — that this is a book aimed at white people , where the main black character is the book 's absent center , and is , moreover , a paragon of virtue , whose many good qualities are affirmed again and again as rebuttals to racist arguments . I come down on the side of this as feature , not bug — but I feel the need to affirm , in a way the book is n't built to do , that this should n't have to be the case , and that I wish the undeniably tender and well-rounded vision of Chris that Jessie offers us could be allowed to exist outside these terrible mechanisms of proving their human worth .
But perhaps empathy is a ladder , one that people ca n't climb without first being coaxed on to its bottom rungs . And what Purcell has written is so immersive and fiercely loving , and so important in its depiction of real friendship and the experience of trembling on the cusp of the rest of your life , that I ca n't help but believe it will achieve that and more .
Ultimately , This is Not a Love Letter is , in fact , just that — a long , beautiful , heart-breaking love letter to potential and possibilities and hope , to the pain we survive in youth and carry with us into adulthood .
Amal El-Mohtar is the Hugo Award-winning author of The Honey Month and the editor of Goblin Fruit , an online poetry magazine .
AMMAN — Jordan has told Israel over the weekend to “ hold on ” with regard to the return of the Israeli Ambassador Einat Schlein to Amman following a shooting near the embassy 's compound that resulted in the death of two Jordanians , a top government official said Sunday .
The official said Jordan requested the postponement of the return of the Israeli diplomatic mission to Jordan and reiterated Jordan 's rejection of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's conduct , as they gave a hero 's welcome to the Israeli embassy guard who killed two Jordanians upon their return to Tel Aviv .
Jordan has recently sent a letter to Israel stating that it would not allow the return of the Israeli mission until it receives guarantees of a serious investigation into the case , stressing that Jordan wants proper legal action to be taken against the Israeli embassy guard first .
At a press conference yesterday , Minister of State for Media Affairs and Government Spokesperson Mohammad Momani said that Jordan has been informed that legal procedures have been started by the Israeli judiciary to reach a just settlement to the case .
A 16-year-old Jordanian , Mohammad Jawawdeh , was killed during the shooting in a residential building in Rabieh neighbourhood near the Israeli embassy late July . A Jordanian doctor , who owned the building , was also shot during the incident and died later that night .
Public security investigators concluded that an argument over “ delay in delivering furniture to the embassy staffer 's apartment ” by the Jordanian victim developed into a physical attack on the embassy employee by Jawawdeh causing them injuries .
The diplomat responded by gunfire that also hit the building 's owner , who died of their injuries later in the day .
Jordan interrogated the Israeli embassy guard before allowing them to return to Tel Aviv after the incident , protected by their diplomatic immunity .
But a prosecutor who looked into the case afterwards indicted the suspect and gave the green light for any possible legal action under the relevant international laws .
MILFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — A New Haven man is facing charges after they allegedly strangled a woman on Sunday afternoon .
Milford Police say they were called to the Beth-El Center after getting reports of a possible domestic violence incident . An investigation led to the arrest of 28-year-old Stephen Rattley .
Rattley is accused of engaging in a physical altercation with a female inside of the center . Police say at one point they placed their hands around the victim 's throat , restricitng airflow .
Rattley is facing disorderly conduct , assault and strangulation charges . They were in court on Monday .
These images show diver Ryan Walton as they hold the noses of Lemon sharks off the coast of Palm Beach , Florida , putting them into tonic immobility
Getting close and personal with a shark appears to be second nature for this diver .
Captured by diver and photographer Leigh Cobb , these incredible images show Ryan Walton as they hold the noses of lemon sharks off the coast of Palm Beach , Florida .
Ryan is putting Stevie the lemon shark into tonic immobility , a form of hypnosis which allows divers to create a bond with the fish .
Leigh said : “ Although I 'm an experienced diver I still need to keep my wits about me as these are wild animals and there are no cages for us and no training involved . ”
They said lemon sharks are not considered dangerous , and are inquisitive and not afraid of humans .
ID 81147143 © Oleksandra Naumenko | Dreamstime.com
Who does n't want to avoid a hangover ! ! According to Huffingtonpost.com , here are six other tips that are all backed by science :
1 . Eat things that are rich in vitamins and antioxidants , like fruit , vegetables , and fish . And stay away from anything too fatty .
2 . Drink clear liquor like vodka or gin . Some people think it 's a myth , but a study found that dark liquors like whiskey DO give you a worse hangover because they have more toxins called “ congeners . ”
3 . Do n't drink cheap liquor . Again , it has more toxins . Including methanol , which gets metabolized into formaldehyde in your body and makes you feel like crap .
4 . Do n't mix alcohol and caffeine , because it makes you more dehydrated . And studies have also found that when caffeine is in your system , it 's harder for you to tell how drunk you are . So you drink too much and regret it the next morning .
5 . Do n't smoke . A study found that college students who smoked cigarettes while they were out drinking ended up with worse hangovers .
6 . Drink water while you 're out . It 's the most obvious one , but people still forget to do it . Half the reason you feel bad the next morning is because you 're dehydrated .
FILE- This Feb. 1 , 2018 , file photo shows a Burger King Whopper meal combo at a restaurant in Punxsutawney , Pa . Restaurant Brands International Inc. , the parent company of Burger King and Tim Hortons , reports earnings Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar , File )
FILE- This Feb. 1 , 2018 , file photo shows a Burger King Whopper meal combo at a restaurant in Punxsutawney , Pa . Restaurant Brands International Inc. , the parent company of Burger King and Tim Hortons , reports earnings Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar , File )
NEW YORK ( AP ) - A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King , helping boost profits for its owner Restaurants Brands . But the company 's other chain , Tim Hortons , did n't do as well , and Restaurant Brands plans to remodel those stores to try to get more people to come in to buy its coffee and doughnuts .
`` We 're not happy with our sales growth and overall financial results at Tim Hortons , '' said Restaurant Brands CEO Daniel Schwartz , in a call Tuesday .
Tim Hortons , where sales fell 0.3 percent at existing locations , will renovate most of its nearly 4,800 stores in the next four years . Increasing competition from other coffee sellers hurt sales , Schwartz said .
At Burger King , sales rose 3.8 percent at existing restaurants after the launch of the Double Quarter Pound King and the spicy chicken sandwich . Sales at its fried chicken chain Popeyes , which the company bought last year , rose 3.2 percent .
Restaurant Brands , based in Oakville , Ontario , also reported first-quarter earnings and revenue that beat expectations .
The company said it had net income of 59 cents per share during the three months that ended March 31 . Adjusted earnings came to 66 cents per share , 10 cents above what analysts expected , according to Zacks Investment Research .
It had revenue of $ 1.25 billion in the period , beating the $ 1.13 billion analysts expected .
Shares of Restaurant Brands International Inc. rose 5 percent to close at $ 56.30 on Tuesday .
_____
Parts of this story were generated by Automated Insights ( http : //automatedinsights.com/ap ) using data from Zacks Investment Research . Access a Zacks stock report on QSR at https : //www.zacks.com/ap/QSR
Mug shot of Samuel Anthony Herrod .
Mug shot of Samuel Anthony Herrod .
LAS CRUCES , New Mexico - The Doña Ana County Sheriff 's Department is asking the public for help in locating a wanted sex offender who has a nationwide warrant issued for their arrest .
On Tuesday July 3rd , the no-bond extradition warrant was issued for 49 year-old Samuel Anthony Herrod , after they reportedly failed to register with the Bernalillo County Sheriff 's Office .
According to detectives , Herrod reported to the Bernalillo County Sheriff 's Office that they were moving to Las Cruces on June 12th , 2018 . New Mexico 's Sex Offenders Registration Act , which Herrod violated , requires convicted sex offenders to notify the county 's sex-offender registration office within 10 days of arrival if the offender plans to establish residency there .
Detectives say Herrod was most recently living in an Airstream trailer at an RV park in the 2200 block of South Valley Drive in Las Cruces . However , the manager of the park told detectives they asked Herrod to vacate the park on June 30th .
In 1995 , Herrod was convicted of kidnapping and sexually assaulting a 43 year-old woman . This conviction follows a criminal history which also includes armed robbery , aggravated battery , and aggravated assault .
Herrod is reportedly driving a white , older-model Ford Single-cab pickup they are using to pull the Airstream trailer . Detectives believe they are still in Doña Ana County .
Anyone with information on their whereabouts is asked to call the Doña Ana County Sheriff 's Department Sex Offender Registration Unit at ( 575 ) 525-8806 , or the Mesilla Valley Regional Dispatch Authority at ( 575 ) 526-0795 .
NEW YORK — AOL Instant Messenger is about to put up an away message forever .
AIM will officially shut down on December 15 after 20 years in service , its parent company announced Friday . The news marks the end of an era for anyone who came of age with the internet in the late 90s and early 2000s .
All good things come to an end . On Dec 15 , we 'll bid farewell to AIM . Thank you to all our users ! # AIMemories https : //t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM ( @ aim ) October 6 , 2017
When AIM launched in 1997 , using the World Wide Web required a desktop computer with a clunky dial-up connection that tied up the phone lines . Perhaps more than any other product , AIM helped establish the internet as a place to hang out rather than being a simple utility .
AIM offered a platform for people to express themselves with embarrassing screen names , profiles filled with colorful fonts and emotional lyrics , and as many messages as you could send before someone in your house kicked you offline .
The product earned a coveted spot in pop culture , making cameos in You 've Got Mail and Sex and the City .
But the service that defined the internet for a generation of users failed to evolve with them .
Related : In memoriam : 13 tech products we lost
A decade after AIM launched , Apple kicked off the smartphone era with the release of the original iPhone . Untethered from their computers , internet users shifted to a range of messaging apps and social networks like Facebook and Twitter .
AIM , with a brand recognized by millions , could have capitalized on this shift and emerged as a lead player in the billion-dollar messaging space . Instead , it faded further and further from relevance .
Oath , the company created earlier this year from Verizon 's merging of AOL and Yahoo , acknowledged this unfortunate fact in its announcement Friday of AIM 's shutdown .
“ AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift , but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed , ” Michael Albers , VP of communications product at Oath , wrote in a blog post .
Case in point : The announcement of AIM 's shutdown was made on Twitter and Tumblr , two of the newer communications platforms that helped displace it .
Eulogies poured in for AIM on Twitter , with users remembering old screen names and lamenting the passage of time . As one user put it , “ I ca n't decide which John Mayer song I should quote to express my sadness at the death of AOL Instant Messenger . ”
Farewell , AIM . We hope that somehow you 'll ~BrB~ .
Second World War veteran Phil Steeles , of Ballina , reflects on their time served in the Kokoda Track campaign in Papa New Guinea .
Second World War veteran Phil Steeles , of Ballina , reflects on their time served in the Kokoda Track campaign in Papa New Guinea . Marc Stapelberg
Photos View Photo Gallery
A large turnout of hundreds of people filled the RSL Memorial Park to mark the 103rd anniversary of the landing of Australian and New Zealand troops at Gallipoli .
Although the weather was kind and no rain or wind was present many people still rugged up for the early morning service .
Navy Cadets stood to attention around Ballina 's Memorial Park cenotaph as speeches honouring soldiers in armed conflict were read out .
Ex-serviceman , school captains , serving military personnel , families , and community leaders including Mayor David Wright , gathered around the cenotaph at Memorial Park .
Ballina RSL Sub Branch Ltd vice-president Darren Murnane got things underway as parade commander calling into the darkness and signalling the beginning of proceedings .
Ballina Shire Concert Band and Ballina Christian Choir supported the service providing hymns and the national anthems , whereupon it was time for the Last Post and The Ode .
The congregation faced east and an errie silence fell upon the crowd as a gentle breeze came off the river .
Among the crowd was Second World War veteran Phil Steeles , of Ballina , who served in the Kokoda Track campaign in Papua New Guinea .
They said they usually attended commemorations in Sydney including Kokoda Day .
Second World War veteran Phil Steeles , of Ballina , reflects on their time served in the Kokoda Track campaign in Papa New Guinea . Marc Stapelberg
Oliver Greeney , 12 , attended with their family including their father Duncan who is an ex-Australian airforce officer and who attendes the service every year .
Oliver said they thought it was great and a way to remember the people that fought and died for the country .
`` I 've been to the dawn service every year of my life and this was the best I think , ” they said .
Their father added that it was great to see the crowds getting bigger every year and a new generation remembering the soldiers who fought in war .
MADRID — Real Madrid has denied reaching an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain .
The Spanish club released a statement Wednesday calling reports of an agreement between Madrid and PSG `` completely false . ''
Madrid says it `` has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned . ''
The denial comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world record transfer of 310 million euros ( $ 360 million ) .
It said the report by Spanish public broadcaster TVE was `` absolutely untrue . ''
PSG is under pressure from UEFA to raise cash from selling players . The French club needs to comply with `` Financial Fair Play '' rules which monitor overspending on transfers and wages .
PSG spent a record 222 million euros ( $ 260 million ) last year to buy Neymar from Barcelona .
UEFA warned the French champions three weeks ago they will `` remain under close scrutiny '' when they submit accounts for the financial year , which ended last Saturday .
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo hinted after the Champions League final that they may leave the Spanish club . They have not talked about their club future since joining Portugal for the World Cup .
___
Battle For The House : GOP Signs Of Hope , With History On Democrats ' Side
Democratic dreams of a massive blue wave delivering them a House majority this fall may be dimming .
`` Right now there are not a lot of signs of a true wave , '' argued one longtime House GOP operative . `` There are tough races , and the Democrats have a path to the majority , but if they get locked out of two or three seats in California , or nominate far-left candidates in some of these battleground races , that starts to make it a lot harder . ''
Primaries next Tuesday could be decisive , with a broad array of competitive contests being set from New Jersey to California — where a primary system that advances the top two finishers , regardless of party , could mean that two Republicans are facing off in seats Democrats hope to target .
Republicans have seen some small signs of optimism lately , after months of a dour outlook . President Trump 's approval ratings have ticked up ; Democrats ' once double digit advantage on the question of who people prefer to control Congress has tightened ; the economy is improving ; unemployment is low ; and the GOP believes Americans are finally starting to feel the benefits of their tax cuts .
Loading ...
Still , even with those new glimmers of hope , most Republican strategists say their chances of keeping the House are 50-50 , at best . That 's because of history and other fundamentals .
On the issues at play , Republicans believe their tax cut messaging is starting to break through , but Democrats believe that in this midterm campaign they can use health care , ironically , to their advantage .
`` The shoe 's on the other foot , '' said a Democratic House operative of healthcare as an issue that might work for their party , with memories of 2010 when it was the issue that cost them the House majority . This operative noted that premiums are expected to spike in October , betting the GOP will get the blame this time around . `` Republicans have a healthcare political nightmare that they have no idea how to message on . They do n't even want to touch it . They do n't want to talk about it . Health care is popping as the No . 1 issue in polling . ''
There could be as many as 100 seats in play this cycle , and Democrats need to gain a net of 23 seats to flip the House this fall . Based on conversations with several longtime operatives on both sides of the aisle , here are four questions that could determine which party controls the chamber :
1 . Can Democrats capitalize on Republican retirements ?
Enthusiasm is on Democrats ' side . They have over-performed in special elections , seen heavy turnout in primaries , recruited strong candidates , and raised a good amount of money . Plus , women are winning many of the Democratic primaries , something the party hopes will drive voters to the polls in an effort to send a message to President Trump .
All of that energy has come with a record number of Republicans retiring from the House or seeking other office . Most of those are in safe GOP territory , but about a dozen members are leaving behind seats that have now become competitive races .
In fact , Republicans privately concede that about half of those might well be out of Republicans ' reach already . That 's because many of these districts are either areas that Hillary Clinton won , or the 2016 result was so close that these Republicans decided it was better to walk away , rather than wage the kind of fight necessary to retain their seats .
Places to watch , for example : in Miami , Clinton won Republican Ileana Ros-Lehtinen 's district by nearly 20 points ; in New Jersey , longtime Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen 's North Jersey district went for Trump by just a point , and in South Jersey , Trump won Frank LoBiondo 's district by less than 5 .
Court-ordered redistricting in Pennsylvania will also likely cut into the GOP majority . Two Pennsylvania seats – the 6th and 7th congressional districts — are already now favored to move into Democrats ' column . In both places , the districts were redrawn to include territory that Clinton would have won , and the Republican representatives in them have resigned or will retire .
2 . Can the Republican incumbents , who decided to stay , hang on ?
Several key districts that look , on paper , like they should be ripe Democratic targets have entrenched incumbents in them , who have persisted despite strong headwinds in past years .
Republican lawmakers like Will Hurd in South Texas , Mike Coffman in suburban Denver , as well as Californians David Valadao and Jeff Denham have been perennial Democratic targets , but also survivors .
They appear ready for the fight again , as strategists on both sides of the aisle credit these members with building brands independent of the president — and sometimes speaking out against him . Many of these legislators , for example , pushed GOP leadership to hold a vote on immigration legislation .
Whether these Republicans survive again will depend on the size of a Democratic wave . No matter how well they run their campaigns , they likely would n't make it through a political tsunami . Democrats say their polling shows challengers running well against some of these incumbents .
And several good politicians with centrist , independent profiles lost in 2006 and 2010 — the last time there were massive waves for both parties in the House .
3 . Will anti-Trump feeling in the suburbs swamp the GOP ?
The type of seats that GOP operatives are most worried about are in the suburbs , and they 're largely vulnerable because of Trump .
These areas were once solid Republican strongholds , but they saw massive swings in the 2016 elections . Many suburban congressional districts , for example , voted for Mitt Romney by large margins in 2012 , but went for Clinton four years later .
These are affluent areas are full of highly educated voters , frustrated with Trump 's approach to politics . Even if these voters may like their own member of Congress , Republican operatives fear they could take it out on the party in the 2018 midterms as a way to register their dissatisfaction with the president .
We have to convert Trump skeptics into Democratic House voters this cycle .
`` Trump has opened the door for them to be able to vote for a Democrat , but the Democrat has to prove they 're worth the voter walking through the door , '' said one Democratic operative involved in House races . `` We have to convert Trump skeptics into Democratic House voters this cycle . ''
Orange County , Calif. , is one place where this theory will be tested — but there 's a twist . Democrats first have to get their candidates through California 's top-two primary and avoid getting locked out of very winnable races . It 's possible that , because there are so many Democrats running , that they split the vote and two Republicans advance to the general election in a couple key races .
Democrats are bracing for the possibility that no Democrat advances in the race to replace Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , a Trump loyalist , who is sitting in a district that Clinton carried .
The same could happen in Southern California seats held by retiring Reps. Ed Royce and Darrell Issa . National Democratic groups are spending big to try to avoid that nightmare scenario . Two or three seats off the table in California , plus one that fell further down the list in Nebraska already , could mean the difference between the majority and the minority .
Republicans , though , are souring on their chances in suburban Washington , D.C. , where Virginia Rep. Barbara Comstock remains one of the most vulnerable incumbents . Clinton won their Northern Virginia district by 10 points .
Democrats are also looking slightly further down I-95 in the Richmond suburbs at the district held by Rep. Dave Brat . Brat shocked the political world in 2014 when they knocked off then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor in the GOP primary . Since then , the area 's demographics have been rapidly changing . Trump won the district by less than 6 points .
In Texas , watch suburban Houston and Dallas . Clinton carried GOP Rep. John Culberson 's district outside Houston , as well as Pete Sessions ' Dallas-area seat .
4 . Can the GOP mitigate losses by going on offense to win `` Trump Democrats '' ?
In 2006 , the last time Democrats won back the House , they lost no incumbent members . That wave flipped 30 seats . ( Remember , this time they need to net 23 . )
Neither party thinks that kind of wave , with no losses for the Democrats , will happen this time .
There are 13 districts Trump won that have Democratic incumbents in them . These are blue collar , rural places , where the president remains popular .
The most important state to watch is Minnesota . The open seats of Democrats Tim Walz , who 's running for governor , and the retiring Rick Nolan are prime GOP targets . Trump carried their districts by double digits in 2016 .
THE OAK TREE AND THE CYPRESS GROW NOT IN EACH OTHER 'S SHADOW
each year on the third Monday in November , the Deniliquin RSL hall top up with the voices of shrieks and creaks , continuous faint fuss and finally , the striking of a stick . previously the Deniliquin local troupe and now The Edward River Concert troupe , musician is setting tools and heating up in elaboration for their yearly musical performance , every time a reserved out . The crowd is in the mature class however around 30 young kids are stayed out of their sleeping time to be present at the town 's harmonic high point of the year . Different group of musicians , brilliant vivid coloured shirts . This is the Deniliquin Sing Australia chorus under the guidance of Sue McMillan . Ian Bathgate , squad Master ever after 1986 , is a extremely masterful musician and previous high school mathematics teacher . In 90s there have been very little squad with the medium interval about 30 years . archives point out the Deni squad was in between the finest but , much the same to what took place in generality countryside society , the coming of World War ll separation the strings of musicians , furthermore , this allowed a lot of young musicians to discover their place in the musical positions .
They gather . They jump in the ocean together . They have their reasons .
WATD 's Charles Mathewson attended the annual News Year 's Day polar plunge on Rexhame Beach in Marshfield :
http : //959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/V-Marshfield-Mathewson-1-2.mp3
Advertising
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Fernando Torres appears set to follow in Andres Iniesta 's footsteps by moving to Japan and signing for Sagan Tosu .
That 's according to an article - apparently published in error before quickly being retracted - which appeared on the J League 's official website confirming the switch .
J League officials were quick to apologise for the mistake , and posted the following statement : `` Although the signing is not closed , we had prepared a draft due to its likelihood '' .
Torres , who represented both Liverpool and Chelsea in their pomp , left their boyhood club Atletico Madrid earlier this month , and was coy on the direction their career was headed .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
Speculation emerged they could sign for another Premier League team or try their hand in America with an MLS club .
However , it now looks as if the 34-year-old will be heading out to Asia .
Barcelona legend Iniesta recently joined Vissel Kobe , and is apparently paving the way for Torres , who could sign for Sagan Tosu .
Spanish publication Marca are reporting that Torres has been offered a deal worth £3.5million-a-year deal , which equates to around £67,000 a week .
Hitchcock said they were evaluated for a concussion and would have to be cleared to be available on the second night of a back-to-back in St. Louis on Saturday night .
`` We have to find a way as a group to not be distracted , and keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor-sharp for 60 minutes , '' Hitchcock said . `` It 's not just how good goalie was or frustration by not scoring . There are a lot of things that go into not being distracted . ''
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights , Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period on a delayed penalty for the franchise 's first goal and a 1-1 tie . Nate Schmidt and Luca Sbisa got the first assists .
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal lifted the puck over Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining . Lehtonen , who stopped nine of 11 shots , shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons , and the move for Bishop left them as the clear backup .
`` I do n't think it 's on the goaltending , '' Hitchcock said . `` We made two big errors . Both ended up in the net . ''
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when they redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Fleury , who made several big stop in the third period and got a break when Alexander Radulov 's shot deflected off a Vegas teammate with Fleury sprawled on the ice .
The Stars were marking some milestones as well , celebrating 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite .
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced , right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull 's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999 .
Technically , it 's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season . They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season .
NOTES : The first penalty in Vegas franchise history was a roughing call against Jonathan Marchessault about midway through the first period . ... Fleury had the first save just seven seconds in when John Klingberg sent the puck all the way down from past centre ice . ... Hitchcock was denied a chance to tie Al Arbour for third on the career coaching victories list . Hitchcock has 781 .
UP NEXT
Golden Knights : At Arizona on Saturday night .
Stars : Hitchcock 's return to St. Louis on Saturday night .
___
More AP NHL : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By Schuyler Dixon , The Associated Press
Principals of several Auckland Catholic schools have joined a protest against what they call a rushed NCEA review .
Education Minister Chris Hipkins says four months is long enough to review the NCEA .
Forty Auckland school principals disagree . They took the full-page advertisement in a Sunday paper to mark the minister as a failure .
Yet Hipkins says many of those who signed a newspaper advertisement tend towards the traditional . Their views are well known .
Hipkins says that they may extend the review because of the protest .
“ We do n't want to rush this . We do want to make sure that everybody who has got a view has the opportunity to participate , ” they say .
First , the advertisement says , “ Too rushed Minister Hipkins. ” It accuses Hipkins of not thinking the review through enough .
While the principals do n't oppose the NCEA review , they say it is flawed . Their advertisement says that they wo n't stand idle on the sidelines to see a fraught process pass them by .
Furthermore , they say there has been a lack of process with secondary school principals .
Church school principals who added their names to the advertisement included Myles Hogarty , De La Salle College , Jim Dale , Sacred Heart College and Kieran Fouhy , St Paul 's College .
“ We are the guardians of young people 's secondary school education and believe our input is essential , ” the advertisement read .
Minister unmoved
Hipkins says the review does n't limit itself to principals . The review panel of seven must involve everybody .
The principals also oppose that part of the review that is a students ' competition . It invited students aged 5 to 18 to enter competitions to “ express themselves. ” Prizes valued at over $ 27,000 are on offer .
“ We suggest that those with experience in the sector ( teachers and principals ) should have been asked directly for feedback , ” they say .
Hipkins says they could read the principals ' reference in the ad to the contribution of young voices many different ways .
They say he 's not surprised by some of the principals ' names in the ad .
“ They are much more traditional in their thinking . We do want to hear from them but also want to hear from people with different views , ” they say .
The principals want to recruit enough teachers and then gain a consensus on the curriculum .
“ With teacher supply secured and a curriculum in place , we would have a sound foundation to improve the existing NCEA assessment system . ”
Furthermore , they want the process to start with direct consultation with second school principals .
Source :
Image credit : NZ Herald
News category : New Zealand , Top Story .
Payne Haas is in line to get their big break on Thursday night .
Payne Haas is in line to get their big break on Thursday night .
WAYNE Bennett is set to take one of the biggest selection gambles of their career by blooding teenage Broncos powerhouse Payne Haas against the Rabbitohs on Thursday night .
The 18-year-old is in line to make their NRL debut at ANZ Stadium as Bennett searches for a way to spark Brisbane 's teetering season .
Haas is on standby for prop Matt Lodge ( ribs ) , but could also be picked on the bench in place of Sam Tagataese .
Haas is one of the NRL 's brightest young prospects , a 117kg forward who has been likened to Cowboys beast Jason Taumalolo and dual-code superstar Sonny Bill Williams .
Bennett has been reluctant to rush Haas into the NRL , knowing they could thwart their development by blooding them too soon .
But the 10th-placed Broncos are in need of an energy boost and Bennett said Haas was ready for the challenge .
`` He is close to it but they still have n't got on the field yet , '' they said after Wednesday 's training session .
`` We 're eight weeks into the competition and he 's had that at state league level .
`` He is a different boy to what they were when they started there .
`` We 've got to see if they get an opportunity . I 'll talk about them after , and when , they play . ''
The Broncos are in rare territory after seven rounds with a 3-4 record that sees them well outside the all important top four .
Test lock Josh McGuire will replace injured hooker Andrew McCullough and Bennett admitted they were not thrilled about Brisbane 's position nearly a third of the way through the season .
`` I 'm not feeling great , but at least we are playing decent football , '' they said .
`` If we kept playing like the week we played the Titans I 'd be in a coma by now .
`` We have n't done that . We 've picked our act up since then .
`` We 've played a close game in Newcastle , Auckland , last week ( Storm ) …we 're heading in the right direction .
`` Points are important , but they 're not that important at the moment .
`` What 's important is we start to get our game back together and start to play the quality of football we 're capable of playing . The rest will look after itself . ''
Bennett said they would make a final decision on the make-up of their team on Thursday .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A `` wonderful '' teenage athletics star died in their sleep while on a school trip in Cuba .
Alex Holliday , 15 , of Whitstable , Kent , was found in their hotel room in Havana in the early hours on Friday , their school said .
Devastated staff said the teenager , a talented distance runner who trained with their local athletics club , passed away suddenly in their sleep after they were thought to have suffered a `` medical episode '' from which they did not recover .
Alex was visiting Cuba to study marine ecology through a trip organised by Queen Elizabeth 's Grammar School in Faversham , Kent Live reports .
( Image : Moment RM )
The tour , which involved 34 students and staff , was due to return to the UK today .
Head teacher David Anderson said the boy 's death was a `` great loss to the school '' .
They said : `` He said : `` He was a quiet and determined young man with a wonderful sense of humour ; they enjoyed all aspects of school life and was making good academic progress .
`` After arriving in year 8 , Alex made a lot of close friends , who are all understandably devastated at this news .
( Image : EyeEm )
`` Alex was a wonderful person , unfailingly polite and courteous and keen to engage in the wider life of the school , particularly in sport .
`` I recently saw much more of Alex through their participation in the Duke of Edinburgh 's Award scheme where they were making excellent progress .
They added : `` During year 9 Alex campaigned for more money to be spent on road repairs in Whitstable , one of the most successful citizenship projects of recent years , which benefitted many in their local community .
`` Alex would have been starting their final year of GCSEs in September and their early passing is a great loss to the school .
`` Athletics was Alex 's great passion ; they were a rapidly improving middle distance runner and their contributions to the school athletics and cross-country teams will be sorely missed .
`` He also trained outside school with the Invicta East Kent Athletics Club where they were seen as a rising star .
`` Staff , students and Governors at Queen Elizabeth 's offer their condolences to Alex 's family at this most difficult of times , they are very much in our thoughts . ''
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Interest is growing in Robins defender Joe Bryan with clubs from both the Championship and Premier League chasing their signature .
Yesterday it emerged that both Middlesbrough and Leeds United are in the chase for the left-back 's signature . However , some fans dismisssed this as putting two and two together .
However , according to our sources both of the two northern second tier sides ARE 'very interested ' in the 24-year-old with both teams looking to reinforce their full-back positions .
Our understanding is that there have been no bids for Bryan yet this summer , though .
That means that early reports that Burnley had offered £6m at the beginning of the summer transfer window were untrue and it remains doubtful that the Clarets hold an interest .
We know from our sources that Fulham do retain a long held interest , though . While Bournemouth sent their top scouts to Ashton Gate last season and could prove a destination , too , depending on what happens in the race for Kieran Tierney .
One deterrent is that the price tag is high for the talented Bryan , widely regarded as the jewel in the crown at Ashton Gate due to their good form and development last season , theirs rising through the ranks of the Bristol City academy and their off-pitch activities .
Statistically , according to Opta data , the Bristolian ranked as the best left-back in the Championship last campaign .
Bryan , of course , won the EFL Player in the Community for 2018 award , being a strong supporter of the Bristol City Community Trust , regularly engaging in player appearances at events such as holiday camps and so on .
Off their own back , they have also supported a self-employed amateur footballer player with physio treatment following a severe injury and a local grassroots football club who had their pitches vandalised .
As well as scoring that memorable opening goal against Manchester United in the Carabao Cup in 2017-18 they were also an ambassador for the Children 's Hospice South West for the second year running .
We are told that Bryan has rejected several contract offers to stay at Bristol City though and will not be renewing their deal in BS3 .
With just a year remaining on their current deal the close friend of Bobby Reid is set to either be sold later this window or stay for one more year .
We understand that there is a slim chance that they could remain at Ashton Gate and leave on a free transfer instead next summer .
Club owner Steve Lansdown and CEO Mark Ashton will not want to see their best asset leave for nothing and so a climb-down on the prohibitive price tag is expected later in the window .
Lansdown had cited the figure of £10m last summer , but less is demanded now with time running out for a lucrative sale .
Our sources tell us that a move to the Premier League is most likely either in the remaining 38 days of the transfer window or summer 2019 instead .
Further , we understand that Bryan is ambitious to play at the highest level they can .
The one-time Plymouth Argyle loanee was tipped for England senior honours by former Bristol City coach John Pemberton earlier this summer .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS , MO ( KPLR ) - The Muny Theatre is kicking off its 99th season with Jesus Christ Superstar , the world 's first rock opera created by Tim Rice ( lyrics ) and Andrew Lloyd Webber ( music ) . The story follows the last days of Jesus ' life , from their arrival in Jerusalem to their crucifixion , and explores their relationships with Judas , Mary Magdalene , and Pontius Pilate .
Actor Ben Davis returns to the Muny in the role of Pontius Pilate . They have also starred at the iconic St. Louis theatre in Spamalot , South Pacific , and Oklahoma ! . They joined us to talk about the show 's powerful music and how he 's beating the St. Louis summer heat .
Jesus Christ Superstar runs through Sunday , June 18 , 2017 . Performances start at 8:15pm . Click here for tickets .
3 New Songs Will Make You Want To Crank The Volume Rock critic Ken Tucker listens to new songs by My Morning Jacket 's Jim James , the Danish band Iceage and George Clinton and Parliament . As each song shows , `` there 's an art to summoning up chaos . ''
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The international break will have given Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp time to clear their head following recent disappointing results , with the Reds ' Melwood training ground left rather empty .
Eighteen players have been off on their travels around the world , with plenty of those who are left nursing injuries and receiving treatment .
But how long until Reds fans can expect to see some of their absent stars back ?
Here 's the latest news .
Nathaniel Clyne
( Image : Alex Livesey )
Injury type : Back injury
Out since : The first pre-season game of the summer at Tranmere on July 12 .
Expected return date : As of yet there 's still no date for Clyne 's return , but the fact that Liverpool opted to leave them out of their Champions League group stage squad suggests they wo n't back until mid-December at the earliest .
What Klopp said : `` Nathaniel is working hard on their rehab and we have kept a close eye on their progress , but the reality is we are looking at some time still before they are back and available for selection .
`` If we are fortunate enough to still be in UEFA competition in the New Year they could be added to the squad then . ''
Adam Lallana
( Image : Rex Features )
Injury type : Thigh strain
Out since : The 1-1 draw with Atletico Madrid in the Audi Cup in Munich on August 2nd .
Expected return date : As with Clyne , there 's still no official return date for the midfielder , but they are in the Champions League squad and did recently post an Instagram snap of them at training , promising he 'd be `` back soon . ''
What Klopp said ( before the Burnley game on September 16 ) : `` Adam made the Champions League squad because it was a moment when we had to think about these things and the medical department told me that in around about six weeks they should be back .
`` That was around August 31 . So it should be about another four weeks before he 's in normal training . It looks all on the right way for him . Maybe Adam can start running this week or the beginning of next week . ''
Dejan Lovren
( Image : Getty )
Injury type : Back injury
Out since : Joining up with the Croatia squad for this week 's World Cup qualifiers , before being ruled out of Friday night 's clash with Finland .
Expected return date : Has n't yet been ruled out of Monday 's night 's trip to face Ukraine in Kiev , although Liverpool are likely to want them back ahead of next week 's Manchester United clash .
What Lovren themselves said : “ I have problems with my whole body for the last two weeks , my back and now I have hurt my achilles tendon .
“ I am taking pills so I can play – five before every game . I play but I can not train at all . That 's why I skipped matches against Manchester City and Burnley . ”
Adam Bogdan
( Image : Liverpool FC )
Injury type : ACL knee injury
Out since : Tearing their ACL during a loan spell at Wigan in November 2016 .
Expected return date : Liverpool 's fourth choice goalkeeper still has n't been given a return date as they work their way back to fitness , upon which he 'll look for a new club .
What Klopp said : “ Who are you ? ''
Weinstein Co . Files For Bankruptcy Months After Sexual Misconduct Allegations David Greene talks to LA Times reporter Ryan Faughnder about the firm also releasing employees from non-disclosure pacts . Co-founder Harvey Weinstein is accused of sexual harassment , assault and rape .
Weinstein Co . Files For Bankruptcy Months After Sexual Misconduct Allegations Weinstein Co . Files For Bankruptcy Months After Sexual Misconduct Allegations Weinstein Co . Files For Bankruptcy Months After Sexual Misconduct Allegations Audio will be available later today . David Greene talks to LA Times reporter Ryan Faughnder about the firm also releasing employees from non-disclosure pacts . Co-founder Harvey Weinstein is accused of sexual harassment , assault and rape . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Belgium on Monday said at least three nations had received falsely labelled meat products from an abattoir in the south of the country in what it called a `` significant '' food fraud operation .
The Belgian food security authority , Afsca , said Hong Kong , Ivory Coast and Kosovo had been recipients until the end of 2016 of meat distributed by the food company Veviba , including products that had the dates they were frozen on changed .
Agriculture Minister Denis Ducarme accused Veviba of using `` mafia practices '' when it came to distributing meat .
A report by Afsca said that the three nations affected had been notified of the problem .
The affair has caused a minor scandal in Belgium after several European food scares in recent years .
Last year consumers received a scare and producers were forced to destroy millions of eggs after eggs tainted by an insecticide were discovered to have been delivered to around 45 countries , including 26 EU member states .
New Delhi : Cricketer Harbhajan Singh is basking in the glory of terrific IPL win of their team Chennai Super Kings ( CSK ) . Bhajji , as they are fondly called took to their Twitter handle and shared a hilarious post . They shared a picture of burnt of samosas and wrote 'Burnt 1500 calories today ' .
Check out their post here :
Burnt 1500 calories today ... pic.twitter.com/qQUXTAVznz — Harbhajan Turbanator ( @ harbhajan_singh ) May 29 , 2018
Quite funny , is n't it ? Well , their tweet has already gone viral on the micro-blogging site with as many as 20K likes and over 1.3K retweets . They have a crazy sense of humour , we must say !
When on one side , celebrities from all walks of life are taking up the fitness challenge and posting their videos on social media , Bhajji added their own funny twist to it and posted a hilarious tweet .
CSK led by Mahendra Singh Dhoni won the IPL 2018 title on Sunday at Mumbai Wankhede Stadium beating SRH by 8 wickets . Shane Watson 's mind-blowing 117 off 57 balls powered the Chennai team to lift the coveted trophy . The 'yellow ' effect on the crowd was clearly visible and loud cheers from the audience backed the team big time .
Bhajji got married to their longtime girlfriend and Bollywood actor Geeta Basra , on October 29 , 2015 , in Jalandhar . The duo is blessed with a baby girl Hinaya Heer Plaha , born on July 27 , 2016 .
There 's nothing like a good night 's sleep to prepare us for the new day . But sadly many people are n't getting one .
New research * reveals that the average Brit wakes up three times during the night , and for one in 10 of us it 's 7 to 10 times .
Here 's 10 reasons people say they ca n't get a good night 's sleep .
1 . Going to the toilet
Nearly half those surveyed ( 47 % ) have to get up to use the loo during the night . This happens more often if we 've had liquids before going to bed , and functions as nature 's own little alarm clock . Unfortunately , it usually goes off around 3am…
2 . Being woken up by discomfort
A bad back or even general aches and pains are keeping 19 % of us awake at night .
3 . Snoring
A hefty 41 % of us fed up of having to poke our other halves until they turn over .
4 . Being edged out
A sizeable 25 % of us wake up to find ourselves occupying a sliver of space on the edge of the bed , as our partners have managed to occupy our side as well as theirs .
5 . Tossing and turning
This affects 10.5 % of us too , whether it 's us doing it , or our partners .
6 . Bedroom talk
10 % of us have to put up with our partner talking , or making other weird noises , in their sleep
7 . Phone problems
10 % of us are woken up by our partner looking at their phone , because no matter what manufacturers say , the light that emits from them at night is still enough to wake people up .
8 . Brought to book
4.6 % of us are woken by a partner who is watching TV or reading ( presumably because they ca n't get to sleep ) .
9 . Bad dreams or nightmares
These affect 11 % of us - and who has n't woken up sweating about the bogeyman under the bed ?
10 . Plain old anxiety
This affects 6 % of us . We 're worrying about the next day at work , bills , relationships , waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep ...
* The survey of 2,000 British adults was carried out by mattress company Tweak Mattress ( tweakmattress.com ) .
Psychologist Robert Stewart said : “ There are two main reasons our sleep is good or poor , and these are our sleep hygiene and our sleep cycles .
`` Sleep hygiene relates to our 'before-bed ' routine . Not drinking or eating a lot , choosing the same time to sleep each night , and not looking at phones , laptops or TV in bed , to name a few .
`` Getting these right should help in getting you off to sleep , but more importantly , there are the sleep cycles you go through .
`` A person will go through 5 stages of sleep in a night and each of these vary in depth .
`` Stage 5 or rapid eye movement ( REM ) stage is the lightest stage of sleep and this is where people are most likely to stir .
`` Whilst we can not control this , the surrounding environment , such as a partner snoring , other noise or discomfort , will impact on whether we return to sleep smoothly or are awoken .
`` So to drift back to sleep seamlessly and without disturbance , ensure you have the best environment to aid this , whether it be earplugs or a comfortable mattress . ”
Before Voting Begins , A Look At Alabama 's Special Senate Election One of the most contested and high-profile special Senate elections of recent times is drawing to a close in Alabama . A day before voting begins , a look at where Republican Roy Moore stands against Democrat Doug Jones .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There might still be snow on the ground but it 's time to get excited for summer as Craig David is announced as a Newmarket Nights performer .
The Grammy and Brit award winner will take to the stage at the July Course on Friday , July 20 .
( Image : PA )
You do n't even have to wait seven days for tickets because they 'll be on sale Friday , December 15 .
The singer , who shot to fame in the early 2000 's has enjoyed a stellar comeback and their show will likely prove popular with fans old and new .
( Image : PA )
Iconic hits like 'Seven Days ' , 'Walking Away ' and 'Fill Me In ' are likely to feature and remind people of a time when beanie hats were all the rage and Ayia Napa was THE clubbing destination holiday .
He 's joining The Vamps as some of the first confirmed acts at the hugely popular Newmarket Nights summer gigs .
Highlights from 2017 included Olly Murs , Culture Club and The Jacksons .
In Plymouth , the Board of Selectmen called a meeting for noon last Friday , cancelled it , then the meeting was reconvened on an emergency basis…
Selectman Chair Ken Tavares and Vice Chair Anthony Provenzano were in attendance , and by phone , Selectmen Shelagh Joyce and Betty Cavacco , Selectman John Mahoney was absent . Tavares explains the reason for the meeting that relates to the Taylor Avenue improvement project .
“ It was reconvened because we have to record any of the takings that we 're going to do by Monday or Tuesday of next week , so this was our last opportunity , ” said Tavares .
At stake is state and federal money to fund the Taylor Avenue roadway reconstruction and bridge replacement project :
“ Otherwise we could possibly have lost the funding from the federal and the state . The takings insure that the road is in compliance with the state and federal regulations . ”
Selectmen voted to support :
“ But , if there was a no vote today , then this project , a ten million dollar project , could not be completed . ”
The proposed Taylor Avenue Project consists of replacing the existing bridge , and significant roadway improvements along Taylor Avenue . The town has completed a final design plan and every effort is being made to finish the eminent domain taking process so that the project can be funded by MassDOT .
Audio Version of Story :
http : //959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Selectmen-Emergency-Mtg-AIRS-8-14-17.mp3
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond ! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising : ( 781 ) 837-1166
Advertising
How Web Browsers Have Changed 25 Years After The Introduction Of Mosaic This week marks the 25th anniversary of the first real web browser , Mosaic , the tool that opened up the Internet to widespread use .
The Peterborough Russelle Chiropractic/CHE AAA Atom Petes suffered a tough loss in the bronze medal game of the OMHA championship at St. Andrew 's College in Aurora on the weekend .
After finishing third in the ETA and a successful playoff run , the Petes earned their way into the prestigious tournament involving the top five OMHA teams .
They started on Friday morning with a 6-1 win over the Barrie Colts . Ben Bowen led the way with a hat trick while Ryder Perry , Camden Burke and Tyler Bolton recorded singles .
Assists went to Bolton , Burke , Owen Fitzgerald , Quinn Jacobs and Holden Rutherford . Bowen was named player of the Game .
In Game 2 , the Petes lost 5-0 to the SCTA Champion Halton Hurricanes . Lewis Brocklehurst was named player of the game .
On Saturday morning , the Petes earned a hard fought 3-2 win over the eventual OMHA gold medalist Hamilton Bulldogs . Burke , Perry and Calum Couch tallied with assists to Nathan Gerelus with two , Burke and Bowen . This was Hamilton 's only loss and they will now host the OHF tournament in three weeks . Masen Johnston was outstanding in the net . Burke was named player of the game .
In the final round-robin game , needing a tie or win for a gold medal game entry , the Atom AAA Petes came up just short with a 2-1 loss to last year 's champions York-Simcoe Express . Tyler Bolton scored the lone goal with assists to Burke and Bowen . Brocklehurst was named player of the game .
In a rematch in the bronze medal game , York-Simcoe prevailed 4-0 with an empty-net goal . Burke was named player of the game .
`` The coaching staff would like to thank the PMHC , sponsors , the parent group and all the players for their level of commitment and their contributions to placing as a top four teams in the AAA category of the OMHA , '' stated head coach Matt Bowen .
The World of Pokémon GO has Expanded With the latest update
More Pokémon are here for Pokémon Go !
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Out of nowhere a huge update to Pokémon GO has just been revealed as the hit mobile game 's special Valentine 's Day event comes to an end .
In a blog post published today , developers Niantic Labs revealed that 80 new `` Generation 2 '' Pokémon will be added to the smartphone game .
`` Starting later this week , you 'll have the opportunity to catch more than 80 Pokémon originally discovered in the Johto region in the Pokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver video games , '' the company announced .
What 's more , there will now be even more characters available through evolution .
`` There are now more opportunities to evolve your Pokémon in Pokémon GO than ever before .
`` Some Pokémon originally discovered in the Kanto region will soon be able to evolve - into Pokémon that inhabit the Johto region ! Be on the lookout for new Evolution items at PokéStops , which you 'll need to evolve some Pokémon . ''
The game is also being expanded in other ways - such as the way Pokémon react when you attempt to catch them . You 'll also be able to use two new types of berries to attract the little critters .
Finally , gamers will be able to customise their avatars with brand-new wardrobe items . Hats , shirts , pants and other items will all be added , according to Niantic .
This Pokémon Go push comes in the same week that Niantic CEO John Hanke gave an interview discussing trading and PvP battles in the game .
In fact , they say they would have been available sooner if the small company had n't had to respond to the international surge of popularity the game experienced .
`` It 's going to be done soon , '' they told the site .
`` It is what it is . I 'll take the massive wave of hysteria we enjoyed , and just deal with the fact that it 's caused us to take a bit longer to get the rest of the features up . We 're really happy to make our users happy . ''
The govt can strengthen the Information Technology ( IT ) Act , 2008 , to ensure intermediaries comply with the law and remove ‘ offensive ' content . Photo : AFP
What should a government do when fake online messages and rumours incite mobs to lynch people ? On 4 July , the government responded by conveying its “ deep disapproval ” to WhatsApp and urged it to “ take accountability and responsibility ” for the spread of “ fake and provocative messages ” through its platform .
While WhatsApp issued a response , saying “ we do n't want our services used to spread harmful misinformation .. ” , it added that , “ WhatsApp cares deeply about people 's safety and their ability to freely communicate ” . It 's this part that makes the government 's resolve to pressure WhatsApp , which has 200 million monthly active users in the country , into submission . It 's a double-edged sword , and is easier said than implemented .
The dilemma is similar to the ban Blackberry faced in 2010 over its BBM messaging service . It was forced to dilute its encryption to allow the government to read BBM messages , ostensibly in a bid to counterterrorist propaganda and other rumours . WhatsApp , on its part , uses the Signal Protocol , designed by Open Whisper Systems , as the basis for its encryption that is designed to prevent third parties and WhatsApp itself from accessing messages and calls .
To counter this , say experts , the government can strengthen the Information Technology ( IT ) Act , 2008 , to ensure intermediaries comply with the law and remove “ offensive ” content . However , if the government does so , there could be a backlash over monitoring of private messages and uproar over social media networks sharing private data with governments .
From a legal angle , too , WhatsApp does not have a data server in India , so it is not bound by the laws of the country . “ WhatsApp is choosing not to comply with Indian laws because it is governed by US laws . The government , on its part , can without approaching Parliament , come up with a rule under Section 87 of the IT Act , 2008 , to regulate intermediaries , ” says Pavan Duggal , Supreme Court advocate and president , Cyberlaws.net .
According to Duggal , WhatsApp needs to remove offensive content the moment it 's notified . “ Besides enforcing Section 79 read with Section 85 ( both deal with offensive posts and regulating intermediaries ) , India needs a Fake News Law too , ” they suggest . Duggal adds that India needs to “ determine punishments ” for non-enforcement of such laws and also “ make cyberlaw part of a school 's curriculum ” to create more awareness .
On the other hand , Sunil Abraham , founder of think tank Centre for Internet and Society ( CIS ) , believes that WhatsApp is facing the “ technological moral panic ” .
“ Whenever there is a new technology , people tend to blame it for misuse . Even if you ban WhatsApp , users will move to other platforms , which the government will find even more difficult to control , ” they explain . They suggest that WhatsApp have a “ single click fact-checking feature ” . This will allow a fact checker to instantly provide a user a “ low-truth or high-truth score ” .
All those who listened to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's address to the nation on New Year 's Eve must have felt terribly disappointed . They were speaking to the Indians for the first time after they announced the scrapping of high value 500 and 1,000 rupee notes on Nov. 8 .
Modi had then appealed to the people to bear any pain that such a drastic measure may cause , urging them to “ punish ” them if they failed to change the situation after 50 days . The self-imposed deadline ended on Friday . The situation created by their policy was expected to return to normal on Saturday . It has not , if reports from India are anything to go by .
So the Indian people expected that their prime minister , in a stocktaking speech , would announce some measures to mitigate the harm their policy has caused . The Indian leader had claimed the decision to scrap the notes will fight corruption and tax evasion . So the people also expected them to narrate the achievements in this area . They did neither . This meant two things . First , the inconveniences the people have been suffering ever since they announced the scrapping of notes are not going to end anytime soon . Second , the measure has not so far produced any positive results .
Modi did , of course , acknowledge the difficulties caused to the people but said the corrupt elements in society , not their policy , were responsible . The only thing they said in connection with demonetization was that banks will resume their normal operations as soon as possible .
This means the ordeal which began on Nov. 9 will continue including the limits imposed on withdrawal of cash from banks as well as ATMs . Weekly withdrawal limit from banks was set at 24,000 rupees . For ATMs , it was 2,000 rupees per day ( 4,500 rupees per day from Jan.1 , 2017 ) . Welfare measures and tax concessions for senior citizens , farmers , pregnant women and homebuyers , while welcome , do n't address the main problem .
To declare that 86.4 percent of the cash in circulation ( some 22 billion notes ) has suddenly ceased to be legal tender was sure to cause hardship to the people and this is what seems to have created resentment throughout India . We should remember that India is a country where a massive proportion of people do not have proper access to the formal banking system . The economic and social turmoil has been compounded by the fact that the government did n't print a sufficient amount of the new bills .
While announcing the currency reform , Modi said that the rich will now need sleeping pills , while the poor will enjoy sound sleep . But the reverse has been the case , according to reports .
Indian and foreign media have published many pictures of lengthening queues outside banks . A much bigger problem remains invisible : The people , especially daily wage earners , who have lost jobs because so many businesses are closing . Construction companies are laying off laborers , as they ca n't get the cash to pay them . Merchants lost sales because customers could n't pay . Some resorted to barter .
Modi in their address described the demonetization as the “ biggest purification drive ” in history . Even some foreign experts have said this is by far the most sweeping change in currency policy that has occurred anywhere in the world in decades .
Unfortunately , neither the government nor banks made adequate preparations to implement a move of this scale . The new notes being printed are a different size and do not fit the ATM machine . Experts say it would take upward of four months to a year before the currency supply was adequately restored even if India 's printing presses were to run 24/7 . People wanted smaller currency notes to serve their daily needs . New 2,000 rupee notes are creating problems in daily transactions . In short , India , as Modi 's critics say , has set a good example for other countries of how not to do currency reform .
Related Coverage State Police search for 2 who escaped Waterbury halfway house
BRIDGEPORT , Conn. ( WTNH ) — A Waterbury man is facing additional jail time after leaving a halfway house without authorization .
Officials have announced Christopher Coleman , 28 , will spend 12 months and one day in prison followed by three years of supervised release . Officials say on Dec. 22 , 2014 , Coleman was sentenced to 42 months of imprisonment followed by two years of supervised release for possession of a firearm by a convicted felon .
Related Content : State Police search for 2 who escaped Waterbury halfway house
In May 24 , 2017 , Coleman was transferred to a halfway house to serve the remainder of their sentence . Later that year , they left and did not return .
Coleman was located on Aug. 9 in Waterbury where they were arrested . On Sept. 12 , they pleaded guilty to one count of escape from custody .
In Closing , Cosby 's Lawyers Call Their Accuser A 'Pathological Liar '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pool/Getty Images Pool/Getty Images
Prosecutors told the jury in Bill Cosby 's criminal retrial that the legendary funnyman on The Cosby Show stands in glaring contrast to the sexual predator who victimized Andrea Constand .
National Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Listen · 3:12 3:12
And Cosby 's chief accuser was not their sole target , prosecutor Kristen Feden said in their closing argument , describing how scores of other women have accused Cosby of trading on their celebrity status over decades to sexually prey on them .
`` He utilized that image and cloaked it around themselves so they were able to gain the trust , gain the confidence of these young , aspiring , unsuspecting women stripped of their very autonomy , stripped of their ability to say no , '' Feden said .
Over more than two weeks of testimony in a Montgomery County Court in Pennsylvania , defense lawyers routinely characterized Constand as an opportunistic `` con artist . '' Feden used that portrayal as a jumping-off point .
`` The defense was partially accurate when they use that term . But the perpetrator of the con is this man , '' Feden said .
Feden then marched over to the table of defense lawyers where Cosby has sat for the entire trial . Inches away from him , they pointed at their face .
`` Sitting right here . This is the man . Sitting right here , '' Feden bellowed .
`` Nothing funny about that ''
Andrea Constand , who was last seen by the jury when they confronted Cosby from the stand over two days , was present during the prosecution 's speeches , sitting in the audience not far from the seven men and five women who will decide Cosby 's fate . The panel sat listening raptly in the jury box .
`` The law makes it very clear . The uncorroborated testimony of the victim alone is enough to convict the defendant , so if you believe Andrea Constand , '' said Feden , gesturing toward Cosby 's main accuser who looked straight ahead with a stony gaze , `` you need to convict . ''
Feden said the defense team embarked on `` character assassination '' of the five additional accusers who took the stand against Cosby , saying the `` shameful '' attacks and questions are `` the exact reason '' sexual assault victims rarely report their assailants to authorities .
Defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss perpetuated `` rape myths '' to the jury by suggesting that victims of sexual assault bear some responsibility for being victimized , Feden argued .
National Andrea Constand , Bill Cosby 's Main Accuser , Continues Testimony In Second Trial Andrea Constand , Bill Cosby 's Main Accuser , Continues Testimony In Second Trial Listen · 3:12 3:12
Feden , at times , mocked Bliss by putting on a fake high-pitched voice and imitating their line of questions in a derisive tone .
Then they shot a look at Cosby and accused them of smirking .
`` There 's nothing funny about stripping a woman of their decency . There 's nothing funny about that , Mr. Cosby , '' Feden yelled .
At that , rows of journalists stood up and tried to catch a glimpse of Cosby , who appeared expressionless .
Prosecutors projected old photographs of first woman to testify against Cosby . The wide-eyed , youthful glam shots of the woman , Heidi Thomas , taken decades ago when they were a promising young actor . The image accompanied a play-by-play description of what Thomas said happened to her : they were drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby at a secluded ranch house in Nevada that they visited under the guise of private acting lessons .
With the innocent photographs of Thomas as a backdrop , Feden said Cosby 's attack was no mistake : Cosby groomed and preyed on other young women the same way . They made some of the same promises of career opportunities to them before they molested them , sometimes in similar locations , such as private hotel suites , Feden said . All along , they said , Cosby assumed their victims would be too afraid to ever report them to authorities .
`` It 's the same con , ladies and gentlemen , just a different day , '' they said .
Cosby , facing the jury during this moment , shook their head in disagreement .
Some of the most convincing evidence in the case , Feden told jurors , is contained in Cosby 's own words , excerpted from a civil deposition they gave as a part of Constand 's civil lawsuit in federal court . In it , Cosby says they do not remember ever asking Constand for permission before they carried out sex acts on them in their Cheltenham mansion in early 2004 .
`` You knew that it was n't consensual because of their words , '' Feden said . `` You know it was n't consensual because of the pattern . The MO , '' they said , referring to Cosby 's alleged modus operandi of drugging and molesting women . `` And you know it was n't consensual because of the testimony of Andrea Constand . ''
In finishing up the government 's closing , prosecutor M. Stewart Ryan picked up where Feden left off . They were interrupted a handful of times with objections from the defense team .
`` I wonder what they 're so worried about , '' Ryan replied after the fourth objection .
`` I wonder what we 'll have to correct , '' Bliss countered .
Judge Steven O'Neill told both sides to settle down , reminding the court that they will address objections to closing statements later .
`` Biggest highway robberies of all time ''
Earlier , Cosby 's lawyers told the jury in the entertainer 's retrial that Constand is a `` pathological liar '' whose story of `` so-called assault '' is so replete with inconsistencies that it can not be trusted .
`` In a case like this , credibility becomes everything , '' defense attorney Tom Mesereau told the jury in closing arguments Tuesday morning . `` There are so many big lies , they get lost . The number of lies starts to drown others out . ''
Flipping through a PowerPoint presentation , Mesereau walked jurors through what they said are a dozen instances of Constand lying about their relationship with Cosby — and about what Mesereau described as their motive to milk Cosby for a financial settlement .
They pointed out discrepancies over things such as how long Constand had known Cosby ; whether Constand had ever flirted with the comedian ; and what they said were fibs about wearing a cashmere sweater Cosby gave them as a gift .
The nearly $ 3.4 million Constand received as part of a previously confidential civil settlement they reached with Cosby in 2006 was long the aim of Cosby 's chief accuser , they told jurors .
`` She took the money , ran with the money . Them mom got money , their father got money . They 're all part of the settlement agreement , '' Mesereau said . `` It 's one of the biggest highway robberies of all time . ''
The other women who confronted Cosby in court were driven by the desire for publicity and money , Cosby 's defense lawyers said , taking direct aim at the # MeToo movement . Attorney Kathleen Bliss said `` mob rule is not due process , '' adding that the claims of more than 60 women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct have been tantamount to a `` lynching , '' or a `` witch hunt . ''
`` When you join a movement based mostly on emotion and anger , you do n't change a damn thing , '' Bliss told jurors . `` Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim . Gut feelings are not rational decisions . ''
For more than two weeks , Cosby 's defense has focused on the argument that Constand is a `` con artist '' who sought to extort Cosby for a payout . In closing arguments , however , lawyers harkened back to a point made repeatedly by their defense team during the entertainer 's first trial in June 2017 : that Constand was always romantically interested in Cosby .
For proof , Mesereau pointed to `` at least 100 calls '' Constand placed after the alleged assault in January 2004 .
Constand , who worked for Temple University 's basketball team at the time , has said that the calls were about business , since Cosby was a powerful university trustee heavily involved with the school 's sports teams .
`` This is a personal , intimate relationship , not basketball , '' Mesereau said . `` Constand placed twice the number of calls than they did to her , demonstrating their pursuit of him . ''
Camille Cosby , the entertainer 's wife of more than five decades , made their first appearance Tuesday during the retrial . They walked up to their husband , kissed and embraced him . Wearing a bright yellow and orange dress , they took a seat in the first row and remained stoic throughout the proceeding .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Matt Slocum/AP Matt Slocum/AP
In an unusual move , the defense team split the two-hour-long closing speech between Bliss and Mesereau .
Bliss reminded the jury about the defense team 's star witness , Margo Jackson , a former colleague of Constand 's who claims Constand confided that they wanted to fabricate a story of sexual assault in order to try to shake down a celebrity for money .
`` You would 've thought they would 've done something to check them out , '' said Bliss , indicting that prosecutors ignored Jackson in their investigation . `` Who are you going to believe ? A well-educated ... woman who works at Temple and who counsels students and has a background in psychology ? '' Bliss asked the jury . `` Or Andrea Constand , who was running a pyramid scheme at the same time ? ''
Bliss then spoke to the jury about Gianna Constand , the mother of the accuser , who testified in the case and played for the court a recording they made of Cosby apologizing , saying they would like to set up an educational fund for Constand as long as they maintained a 3.0 average .
`` Yes , they feel badly . He 's 30 years older than they are . He 's got this mother accusing him , yelling at him , whatever they were doing , '' Bliss said . `` He 's also worried about extortion . ''
Mesereau , after describing the high bar to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , delivered their final line to the jury of seven men and five women who will soon decide Cosby 's fate .
`` He must walk out of here free , '' Mesereau said . `` He 's an 80-year-old man . He 's had a distinguished career . He 's made some mistakes for sure , but they are no criminal . ''
Prosecutors next will deliver their final remarks to jurors in a case that could send Cosby to prison for the rest of their life .
Last June , a different jury could not decide on Cosby 's fate following 52 hours of closed-door deliberations about the case .
Researcher Says Rate Employment Does n't Accurately Represent Black America NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Andre Perry of the Brookings Institution about the jobs report from September and how full employment has not reached black America .
Gamers Bay , Cayman 's only e-sports tournament kicks off Saturday ( 7 October ) at the Arts and Recreation Center , with more than 12 hours of gaming and more than $ 10,000 in prize money up for grabs .
Organizer Lance Jefferson says they hope Government agencies like the Department of Tourism share their optimism and work together to capitlide on what they say is a great opportunity .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Constitution Day has come and gone , and while most of us enjoy a three-day holiday weekend , Cayman 's constitution spells out how we live our lives every day .
Cayman 's first constitution was passed in 1959 , and has been amended on a number of occasions , including 1962 , 1972 , and most recently in 2009 .
Cayman Crosstalk host Woody DaCosta told Cayman 27 the 2009 constitution stands out for good reason .
“ [ The 2009 ] constitution for the very first time was done by referendum , that means that the people , 62 % of our voters made this happen , so this is now the people 's document and I like that because the power is in each one of us , ” said Mr. DaCosta .
They said the 2009 constitution is also notable because for the first time it allows for human rights .
The Premier announced recently they would seek constitutional changes to limit the Governor 's authority .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Kevin Negandhi , who co-hosts 6pm SportsCenter alongside Sage Steele , joins the podcast ! We discussed :
Setting the table for the night in sports on 6pm SC .
The pendulum between traditional anchoring and commentary .
Watching the Eagles win the Super Bowl .
Whether LeBron would be a good fit on the Sixers .
How they were able to convince their Indian parents that they would make it as a sports television anchor when there was nobody who looked like them on TV .
Hope you enjoy !
Podcast produced by Michael Shamburger
PAST GLASS HALF EMPTY PODCASTS :
▶ Discussing WWE TV Deal , NBA Ratings With Sports TV Ratings ' Robert Seidman and Former Fox Sports Executive Patrick Crakes
▶ Tom Haberstroh Talks NBA Playoffs , Radical CBA Ideas , Life After ESPN
▶ Sports Talk Radio Expert Jason Barrett Breaks Down the Situation With Mike Francesa and WFAN
▶ Steve Levy Talks SportsCenter Production and Evolution , Aspiration to Call NBA Game on Radio
▶ A Conversation With Bo Ryan
▶ James Jones Discusses Breaking News for NFL Network , Aaron Rodgers Contract , Odell Beckham Jr .
▶ Nate Robinson Talks Flag Football , Evolution of Basketball , Mike D'Antoni Renaissance
▶ A Conversation With Dave Finocchio , CEO and Co-Founder of Bleacher Report
▶ David Ortiz on MLB Opening Day , If Red Sox Called Him Last Year , Disagrees With Boston 's Rep as Racist City
▶ DeAndre Hopkins Discusses Deshaun Watson , Idea of Dabo Swinney as NFL Coach , Last Meal on Earth
▶ Lisa Byington Discusses Broadcasting Over 30 College Basketball Games This March
▶ A Conversation With Barstool Founder Dave Portnoy
▶ A 14-Hour Day With Peter King During Super Bowl Week
▶ Darren Rovell Describes How They Manicure Their Super Bowl Tweets
▶ A Conversation With Nick Wright
▶ Barstool CEO Erika Nardini Discusses SiriusXM Radio Launch , Revenue Diversity , Controversies
▶ Cassidy Hubbarth Talks Christmas NBA , Buckets , and Mentors at ESPN
▶ Jim Ross Discusses Muhammad Ali , Braun Strowman , Roman Reigns , Jericho-Omega , and Baker Mayfield
▶ Joel Klatt Talks B1G Championship Game , Greg Schiano , Ohio State Vs. Alabama Playoff Decision
▶ Rachel Nichols Discusses NBA Landscape , ‘ The Jump ' Ethos , NBA Vs. NFL
▶ Dan Patrick Discusses Sports Broadcasting School , ESPN , Bucket List Interviews
▶ Brandi Rhodes Discusses Ring of Honor , First Dates With Cody , WAGS Atlanta
▶ Fox Sports and Dodgers Announcer Joe Davis Talks World Series , Career Trajectory
▶ A Candid Conversation With Sean McDonough
▶ Jay Bilas Helps Us Make Sense of the FBI / NCAA Madness
▶ A Conversation With Ring of Honor COO Joe Koff
▶ '85 Bears LB Otis Wilson Talks Buddy Ryan , Confrontation With Ditka , Super Bowl Shuffle
▶ Bruce Feldman Talks JT Barrett , Jim Harbaugh Colts Speculation , Coach O , and Mechanics of Sideline Reporting
▶ CBS Analyst Aaron Taylor Discusses Brian Kelly Hot Seat , Winning and Losing Super Bowl , 8-Team Playoff
▶ A Media Chat With SI 's Richard Deitsch and Sports TV Ratings Founder Robert Seidman
▶ Josina Anderson Discusses Ezekiel Elliott , Kaepernick , Reporting Process , and Ascent at ESPN
▶ Alexi Lalas Talks MLS All-Star Game Vs. Real Madrid , Promotion / Relegation , and Christian Pulisic Ceiling
▶ Seth Davis Explains Why They Joined The Athletic , Believes in Market for National College Coverage
▶ Media Armageddon : Where Do We Go From Here ? A Talk With Jason McIntyre and Crossing Broad Founder Kyle Scott
▶ David Kaplan Talks Cubs Book , Hawks Vs. Bulls , and Ill-Fated Shawn Kemp for Scottie Pippen Trade Scoop
▶ Discussing the Future of FS1 With Sporting News Media Reporter Michael McCarthy
▶ Ramona Shelburne Discusses LaVar Ball Kayfabe , LeBron to the Lakers ? , and Them Career Ascent
▶ Ira Berkow on Watching Baseball With Obama , Covering Marge Schott , Billy Martin , and Trump
▶ The Ringer Editor-At-Large Bryan Curtis Discusses Jamie Horowitz 's Content Legacy at FS1 and ESPN
▶ Ozzie Smith Discusses Web Gems , African-Americans in Baseball , and Tony La Russa
▶ Sports Business Journal 's John Ourand Discusses How ESPN Got Where It Is , And Where It 's Going
▶ Breaking Down Connor Schell Promotion at ESPN With Sporting News Media Reporter Michael McCarthy
▶ A U.S. Open Preview with Dave Kindred and Michael Kornheiser
▶ Jalen Rose Discusses the Ascent of Durant and the Kurse of the Kardashians
▶ A Sports Media Discussion With Bryan Curtis , Editor-at-Large at The Ringer
▶ Vince Wilfork Talks BBQ Ribs , Retirement Odds , and Belichick
▶ SI 's Richard Deitsch Discusses ESPN Layoffs , Bayless Tweets , WWE , Simmons , Nolan , and Barstool
▶ Dustin Johnson Discusses Injury Recovery , Improved Putting and Wedges , and How They Met Paulina
▶ Mike Florio on Zeke/Jerry/Goodell , Browns Smokescreens , and Richard Sherman Trade Spots
▶ ESPN 's Andy North Talks Lexi Thompson , The Masters , and The Badgers
▶ Chad Millman Discusses Chicago Fans and the Process of Planning the Front Page of ESPN.com
▶ CBS Sports Reporter Tracy Wolfson Talks Final Four , “ Stealing Plays , ” and Work/Life Balance
▶ Turner Sports Host Ernie Johnson Is in an Insanely Busy Stretch
▶ Turner/CBS Analyst Grant Hill Talks Coach K and Grayson Allen , Lonzo and LaVar Ball , NBA Rest
▶ Michael Kornheiser Talks Launching Tony 's Podcast , 2017 Golf Landscape
▶ A Conversation With Joe Buck
▶ Breaking Down Packers Victory and Broadcasting Aspirations With AJ Hawk
▶ Dan Wetzel Talks Chargers-to-LA , UFC Lawsuit , Ronda Rousey , and Their Triumph Over Marriott
▶ CBS Sports Host Adam Schein Discusses OBJ and Giants in Miami , Juggling a Half-Dozen Jobs
▶ Aaron Nagler 's Journey from Private Equity PR to Packers Media Maven for USA Today Network
▶ Jeff Van Gundy Discusses Cavs-Warriors , Russell Westbrook , and Why Patrick Ewing Has n't Gotten Head Coach Shot
▶ Fox Sports Host Rob Stone : Five Events in Three Sports All Over the Continent Since Last Week
▶ Jalen Rose Discusses Their Trajectory at ESPN
▶ Why Does Doug Gottlieb Think NCAA Players Should n't Be Able to Play Right Away Elsewhere If Coaches Leave ?
▶ Fox Sports Host Rob Stone Talks USA-Mexico and Network 's 2018 World Cup Coverage Plans
▶ Fox Sports Host Kevin Burkhardt Talks World Series , Working With A-Rod , Pete Rose , + Frank Thomas
▶ Cari Champion Signs New Multi-Year Deal With ESPN , Discusses Expanded SportsCenter + More
▶ Scott Van Pelt on What 's Gone Right in a Year of Midnight SportsCenter
▶ Colin Cowherd Discusses Their New Digital Venture
▶ Fox Sports Soccer Analyst Alexi Lalas Talks Timbers-Sounders , Champions League , and Hope Solo
▶ A Conversation With Kristine Leahy , Broadcaster on American Ninja Warrior and FS1 's The Herd
▶ Felix Salmon Dissects the Ramifications of Gawker 's Bankruptcy Filing
▶ Talking All Things Media With CNN Poly-Platformist Brian Stelter
▶ Copa America 2016 : Rob Stone of Fox Sports Breaks Down the Nuts and Bolts
▶ The Pro Wrestling Reporter Who Left TMZ to Start Up Their Own Shop
▶ Rockets Need a Rebuild ; Is Daryl Morey the Right Person for that Job ?
▶ Richard Deitsch Talks Bayless , Tirico , and Possible First Take Replacements
▶ A Conversation With Sarah Spain
▶ Ahman Green Talks About Brett Favre , Aaron Rodgers , and Eddie Lacy
▶ Nicole Auerbach Discusses Tyler Summitt 's Resignation , and the Aftermath
▶ Mike Florio : Average Fans Should Care About Josh Gordon Confidentiality Breach ( Previous podcasts with Florio on Deflategate and their own career are here and here )
▶ Dave Kindred Shares Memories of Covering The Masters for 50 Years
▶ Turner Sports Announcer Brian Anderson Talks NCAA Tourney , Career , and Hank the Dog
▶ Chris Russo Talks One-Night Mike and the Mad Dog Reunion , Adam LaRoche , and Tom Brady
▶ Should LeBron Bear More Responsibility for Love and Kyrie “ Fitting In ? ” ( With Cleveland sports talk host Anthony Lima )
▶ Sally Jenkins Talks Tennessee , NCAA Pay , Deflategate , Joe Paterno , and Lance Armstrong
▶ What Does PC Twitter Even Mean ? ( With Jason McIntyre and Barstool 's Big Cat )
▶ A Conversation With Linda Cohn , Whose Record 5000th SportsCenter Is on the Horizon
▶ Woj Discusses Launching The Vertical , LeBron and Blatt , and What Would Make Hacking Stop
▶ Barstool and Its Bloggers Bet on Mainstream Viability
▶ Would Jay Bilas Advise Leonard Fournette and Christian McCaffrey to Sit Out Next Season ?
▶ Asking Darren Rovell If and When LeBron James Will Be a Billionaire
▶ Peter King Talks NFL Refs , MMQB *
▶ Peter Mehlman Compares and Contrasts Crafting Novel With Writing for Howard Cosell and Seinfeld
▶ Christine Brennan 's Talks About Greg Hardy , NFL Media , and Advice for Young Writers
▶ A Conversation With Michael Wilbon
▶ Bill Plaschke Talks About Lamar Odom and the Curse of the Kardashians
▶ Was Urban Meyer Okay With Players Asking Taylor Swift Out ?
▶ Ex-Vikings Mascot Ragnar Tells Their Side of the Story
▶ Brett Taylor , the Cubs Blogger Who Left a Big Law Firm
▶ Gary Sheffield Talks MLB Playoffs , Harper-Papelbon , and Hall of Fame
▶ Scott Van Pelt Talks Midnight SportsCenter , Madison As Best College Sports Town in America
▶ Matthew Berry Has Like 45 Jobs
▶ Jim Ross Talks About Their Live Show , Roddy Piper , and Steroids in Hollywood
▶ Clay Travis Talks SEC Media Days , New Deal With Fox Sports , and the Confederate Flag
▶ A Long Conversation With Frank Deford
▶ Does Sarah Spain worry that their politics will make them polarizing ?
▶ David Purdum talks about Tony Romo , fantasy football , and the NFL 's gambling hypocrisies
▶ Dan Le Batard talks about their career , Papi , and Bill Simmons
▶ Kenny Smith before the NBA conference finals
Ronny Jackson 's VA Nomination Hearing In Jeopardy Amid 'Serious Allegations '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
Adm. Ronny Jackson 's nomination to become secretary of veterans affairs appears to be in limbo amid what one key lawmaker tells NPR 's Morning Edition are `` serious '' but `` unsubstantiated allegations . ''
The comments by Sen. Mike Rounds , R-S.D. , come a day before Jackson 's nomination hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs . It was not clear if the hearing would go ahead as scheduled .
The senator declined to comment on the nature of the allegations against Jackson .
`` We have been given a brief sketch of what they [ the allegations ] are , but I 'd prefer not to discuss them at this time , '' Rounds tells NPR .
Rounds said that they and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee , had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Ga. , over the weekend advising them `` that they were in consultation with the White House and that they would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward . ''
`` The chairperson is aware of [ the allegations ] . He 's discussed them with the White House , '' Rounds said . `` It 's really up to the chairperson as to what the next step would be — whether we continue on with the nomination process or if we hold up long enough to allow this to be vetted more fully before we bring it before the committee . ''
Rounds added : `` These are serious allegations and they are ones we 'd certainly want to get through . ''
Jackson currently serves as White House physician . They famously defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January , describing their medical condition in excessively glowing terms . They are a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams .
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin , who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector-general 's report uncovered inappropriate expenses .
`` Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed , which certainly deserves consideration , '' Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Conn. , who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee , told The Associated Press .
`` I think there may well be a need for more time , in fairness to Adm. Jackson , so they and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly , '' Blumenthal said .
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo , another Trump nominee who appeared in peril , was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee .
Whether it 's Amazon 's acquisition of Whole Foods Market or Walmart 's acquisition of Jet.com , the growth and impact of grocery eCommerce has become ever more visible in the past few years . Although consumable eCommerce is growing , the market still is adjusting to find the most-effective model while also breaking down the barriers to entry that prevent some consumers from entering the market .
“ Ecommerce continues to exert a strong presence in the retail food industry . Growth of eCommerce grocery increased approximately 25 percent between 2015 and 2016 and is expected to increase at an ever-increasing rate over the next several years , ” says Jon Hauptman , senior director at Long Grove , Ill.-based Willard Bishop , an Inmar analytics company .
Chicago-based Information Resources Inc. ( IRI ) forecasts relatively significant increases for the channel through 2022 .
“ The eCommerce consumables sector is projected to grow quickly during the next few years , reaching 5.5 percent of total sales by 2022 , ” says Susan Viamari , vice president of Thought Leadership at IRI . “ While this is lower versus the total grocery eCommerce and the non-food section , it 's still remarkable growth . ”
Further supporting growth , grocery has the most loyal online shoppers , according to Chicago-based Mintel in its June report titled “ Online Shopping – US . ”
“ In fact , grocery was the third most-shopped retailer on a weekly basis , with nearly 20 percent shopping online weekly , ” the report states . “ This suggests that those who are comfortable buying groceries online are doing so regularly and are likely substituting their online trips in place of in-store trips . ”
Avenues to success
Grocery eCommerce is likely to surpass forecasted figures as food retailers adapt to eCommerce at a quicker pace than other retailers , Willard Bishop 's “ 2017 Future of Food Retailing ” report notes . The rapid adoption by retailers of consumables has been fueled by a variety of factors , including the size of the grocery market itself , the increasing number of digitally savvy consumers and the time-starved lifestyles of many consumers , it adds .
Top reasons consumers say they choose click-and-collect , according to a survey from Information Resources Inc. ( IRI )
Amazon 's acquisition of Whole Foods Market was another factor that influenced greater grocery retailer participation in the eCommerce sector , according to Hauptman , who notes that upon the acquisition , other retailers were pushed to concentrate more on their eCommerce strategies .
“ Amazon 's acquisition of Whole Foods shook the retail food industry and forced traditional retailers to ramp up their attention and efforts on their own eCommerce solutions , ” they explain . “ Many other retailers have now implemented basic click-and-collect or delivery options ; many using third-party services such as Instacart to fulfill this offering . However , these basic ‘ entry-level ' offerings will not be sufficient for many retailers who will be rethinking their approach to eCommerce grocery over the long term . ”
Click-and-collect and delivery are the dominant eCommerce models currently making headway in the market . Viamari highlights click-and-collect as a particularly promising model , valued at $ 400 million in 2016 . IRI expects it to grow to more than $ 6.6 billion by 2022 , they add .
“ Delivery is another model that retailers are really exploring , though it seems the ‘ right ' model has not yet been developed , ” Viamari says . “ Drones , Amazon Key , Instacart , etc. , are all examples of models that are being explored . Of course , the biggest challenge with many consumables is for fresh categories. & r
Delivery fees and shipping costs also are factors that can deter consumers from embracing delivery , Willard Bishop 's Hauptman says .
“ The biggest benefit of click-and-collect is avoiding the high costs of home delivery , ” they say . “ Fulfilling the ‘ last mile ' is the most complicated and costly portion of the eCommerce grocery value equation . ”
Although some consumable categories can be harder to sell online , beverages and shelf-stable items are most-often ordered for delivery or in-store pick-up , according to Mintel 's November 2016 report titled “ The Food and Drink Shopper : Spotlight on Technology – US – Delivery/Pick-up . ”
The report also highlights a study conducted in August 2016 by Mintel and Warren , N.J.-based Lightspeed LLC , a data collection firm , in which 1,184 internet users ages 18 and older were asked which types of foods and drinks they order online for delivery or in-store pick-up . The results showed coffee and tea as the No . 1 products sold via online shopping , with 37 percent of consumers listing it .
However , Willard Bishop 's Hauptman notes that some companies are thinking outside the box , breaking away from traditional eCommerce models by creating their own niche in the online marketplace .
“ Some companies are finding their own unique niches in the eCommerce grocery marketplace , ” they explain . “ An example of this is Brandless.com , a company that sells their own brand of food and consumables products — many of them natural or organic — all at a single price point , i.e. , $ 3 per item , and ships it to a shopper 's home . We 'll continue to see new ‘ eTailers ' focusing on winning in small segments of the industry . However , the big win will be for supermarket chains that focus on reinventing their approach to eCommerce grocery and offer something completely different from that available at key competitors . ”
Barriers to entry
Although eCommerce is gaining overall , several barriers to entry still remain , according to experts . Among them , Bellevue , Wash.-based The Hartman Group , a consultancy agency , released its “ Food Shopping in America 2017 ” report , highlighting the fact that consumers still enjoy grocery shopping in-store .
In 2017 , the number of shoppers who ordered food online in the preceding three months grew to 29 percent , an increase of 6 percentage-points compared with 2016 and 9 percentage-points compared with 2012 . However , brick-and-mortar grocery remains the most-used channel with 86 percent having shopped it in the past 30 days , the company says .
“ As our ‘ Food Shopping in America 2017 ' report finds , providing food for the household is an expression of love , care and nurturance for self and others , ” said Laurie Demeritt , chief executive officer of The Hartman Group , in a statement .
Top beverage categories purchased online for in-store pick-up or delivery , according to a survey by Mintel and Lightspeed .
Yet , this is n't the only barrier . Although most consumers have access to Internet-connected devices , computers remain the dominant avenue for online shopping , with portable devices only used by a small percentage of consumers when shopping online , according to Mintel 's June report . Getting more shoppers to engage online with their mobile devices will be essential to growing eCommerce sales , it notes .
“ Most consumers are likely still adapting to the idea of making purchases from their portable devices , but it 's possible some willing shoppers could face roadblocks on their smartphones if retailers ' or brands ' mobile sites are hard to navigate , ” the report states . “ Security is also a fear on some shoppers ' minds , so offering a quick and seamless payment option through a mobile app or third party , such as Apple Pay , is another way to help relieve shoppers ' stress . ”
Additionally , Amazon 's dominance in eCommerce can be intimidating to retailers looking to enter the space . In 2017 , Amazon captured 18 percent of online food and beverage sales in the United States , which is double the 9 percent achieved by the No . 2 online grocery retailer , Walmart , according to a November report from Rockville , Md.-based Packaged Facts titled “ Online Grocery Shopping in the U.S. : Food Industry Disruptor Series . ”
However , there are few ways that retailers can compete with the eCommerce giant , the Packaged Facts report notes . It highlights the potential growth of the market and the room for all companies to participate in eCommerce .
“ Beyond the sheer projected size and growth of online grocery , Amazon 's competitors can capitalize on the fact that the time-sensitive nature of perishable groceries is something new for Amazon , leaving space for many others to develop their online grocery services without having to directly compete against Amazon in terms of delivery or other areas at which Amazon already excels , ” the market research firm stated in a press release . BI
HIGHLIGHTS Town sought a stay on proceeding involving former mechanic
Officials plan to appeal decision in suit against CSEA union
North Hempstead Town has lost a lawsuit it brought against the Civil Service Employees Association regarding a former town employee .
A state Supreme Court judge recently denied the town 's request to stop an arbitration proceeding with James Stockwell , a former auto lead mechanic in the Town Highway divisiom .
Town spokesperson Carol Trottere said Thursday that the decision will be appealed .
Stockwell , 60 , retired last June , after being issued nine disciplinary violations pertaining to misconduct and insubordination dating between 2015 and 2016 , according to legal documents . Each violation carried a suspension of five days , which were deducted from vacation and sick time accruals , Trottere said . Stockwell 's salary last year was $ 97,310 .
The disciplinary violations cite Stockwell 's comments about town employee , Joseph Spinola Jr. 28 , who previously was an automotive servicer in the Parks and Recreation Department , with an annual salary of $ 53,950 . In June , they were moved to the position of automotive mechanic at a salary of $ 54,858 .
Stockwell commented on Spinola 's appearance , family and more , according to the lawsuit . Their remarks were “ offensive , insensitive and inappropriate for the workplace , ” according to legal documents filed by the town .
The town 's collective bargaining agreement establishes a three-step grievance process for employees under disciplinary action of five days or less , which can ultimately lead to a court proceeding if a grievance is not resolved .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Following their retirement , Stockwell filed a grievance with the American Arbitration Association to recoup the salary lost during the 45-day suspension . The CSEA was unable to resolve the grievance , and in January the union filed a demand to arbitrate .
The town responded by filing a motion in state Supreme Court in February , arguing that Stockwell failed to follow the grievance process ' third step , which would have been to appeal to the town supervisor .
Over the past few months , the matter has been delayed . The first judge assigned to the case , R. Bruce Cozzens Jr. , recused themselves because of their relationship with former Supreme Court Justice Joseph Spinola , Spinola Jr. 's father .
As of last week , there were no additional motions on the calendar , Nassau Courts spokesperson Daniel Bagnuola said .
Stockwell 's attorney , Louis D. Stober Jr. of Mineola , said Thursday that a private arbitrator has been selected by the American Arbitration Association .
“ We will be able to litigate and arbitrate on the merits whether or not the discipline was proper or not against Mr. Stockwell , ” Stober said .
ISIS Claims Responsibility In Turkish Nightclub Attack ; U.S. Man Among The Wounded
Enlarge this image toggle caption Emrah Gurel/AP Emrah Gurel/AP
The Islamic State issued a statement on Monday saying it was responsible for the attack on a New Year 's Eve celebration at a nightclub in Istanbul , Turkey , in which at least 39 people were killed .
The ISIS-linked Amaq News Agency published the statement :
`` In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross , Turkey , a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday . ''
NPR 's Peter Kenyon reports the ISIS claim has n't been verified .
On Sunday , Peter reported that Turkish officials identified several possible culprits for the shooting , including the Islamic State , Kurdish militants or far-left groups .
Turkey 's state-run news agency says that nearly two-thirds of the people killed were foreign nationals .
Club goers from Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Iraq , Lebanon and France are thought to have been killed .
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Funerals for some of the Turkish victims began on Sunday .
A 19-year-old Arab-Israeli woman was killed in the attack . Peter reports that their father warned them not to go but they insisted — wanting to be with my friends .
Nearly 70 people were wounded in the attack , among them a 35-year-old business person from Delaware , according to the State Department .
WCAU-TV reports that Michael Raak of South Philadelphia says their brother , William Jacob Raak , called on New Year 's Eve to say they had been shot in the leg .
The search for the attacker , who has not yet been identified , is still underway , says Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu . Police believe they carried out the attack alone .
The Associated Press reports :
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan . Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks .
NPR 's Peter Kenyon reported on Weekend All Things Considered that Turkey 's prime minister says the attacker left their weapon at the scene and fled in the chaotic aftermath .
At Reina , one of Istanbul 's most popular nightclubs , it 's believed some 500 to 600 revelers were celebrating the start of the new year .
Reuters reports that the attacker shot at a police officer and at civilians before entering the nightclub . Many insides were said to have jumped into the neighboring Bosphorus waterway in an attempt to save themselves from the gunfire .
The U.N. Security Council condemned the attack in a statement — calling it a `` heinous and barbaric terrorist attack . ''
Both the White House and State Department condemned the attack .
The assault on the nightclub comes just two weeks after Russian ambassador Andrei Karlov was shot dead by off-duty Turkish police officer Mevlut Mert Altintas and three weeks after a bomb attack killed 44 people at a football stadium in Istanbul . A Kurdish militant group claimed responsibility for the latter .
Turkey , which is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State , has faced numerous security threats . In all , there were at least six attacks in Turkey in 2016 , claiming more than 200 lives .
Wrestler set on fire as stunt goes wrong
Gareth Bale unfazed by football freestylers as they
When Cristiano Ronaldo proved to be football 's ni
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo got behind the camera to launch their latest CR7 underwear campaign .
And , of course , took the opportunity to personally show the world their product - and , obviously , how YOU will look wearing it .
Well , we 're not sure anyone can guarantee that , not even Ronaldo himself .
But it seems the Real Madrid forward had a lot of fun during the photoshoot nevertheless , and wanted the entire world to know it .
( Photo : Instagram/Cristiano )
Ronaldo posted the above video of themselves behind the scenes , alongside the caption : `` Having some fun on the set of my latest CR7 underwear campaign ! ''
And , well , we have to say we believe him .
In the clip they pose in their pants - well , he 's not exactly shy , is he ? - and takes every opportunity to smile at the camera .
( Photo : Instagram/Cristiano )
They then goes one step further by grabbing hold of the camera , staring down the lens , and shaking it from side to side ... for some reason .
Just another day in the life of CR7 .
Cloud computing has come a long way in the federal government . It took a while , but finally , agencies are seeing tangible benefits .
I recall an early vendor session detailing cloud computing and its benefits . A decade ago , I 'm not sure everyone got it .
Fast forward to now . Today , dozens of cloud services providers vie for government business . A shrinking number of agencies operate their own email systems . A shift in thinking has occurred . At first , White House policy was pushing cloud computing on agencies . Now agencies are pushing for faster conversion of applications to cloud .
Why ? Because cloud computing has proven to be both a money-saver and a flexibility-enhancer .
Advertisement
Case in point : The Small Business Administration . In my interview with Deputy CIO Guy Cavallo , they described how SBA equipped thousands of temporary employees to deal with all of the hurricanes and fires . SBA , it turns out , also deals with loans to homeowners , not just small businesses , after disasters . So far , it 's issued $ 2 billion in disaster loans this year .
In the past , they said , the field workers would need two machines , one at headquarters to run the application and a portable one so they could log on remotely . Cavallo said , “ We 'd just go out and buy new computers for everyone. ” Afterwards , all that gear would be gathered in a corner to collect dust until the next time . Now , everyone has a cloud-hosted virtual desktop , so equipping field temps only requires one computer , not two .
SBA also avoided spending the 45 days it would have taken to acquire thousands of pieces of hardware .
Cavallo also said the contract with SBA 's cloud provider is optimized for the rapid ramp-up and ramp-down disaster response calls for . That 's key , because getting financial benefit from cloud requires agencies to tailor their contracts to the expected usage patterns . Pricing for stable , long-term application instances will be lower per unit than those with short peaks . You might pay a premium for burst capability , but it will be for short periods .
In other words , you ca n't ask for free , idle capacity . The cloud provider ca n't charge for potential scale-up capacity you 'll never use .
SBA 's loan application system is more than a decade old . Cevallos said by next summer , SBA will have rewritten it to run in a cloud . This task SBA can do for itself because it 's an agency-specific application .
But I 'm hearing from a growing number of federal techs that they want multi-agency applications adapted to the cloud . Cavallo provides another example . Namely , continuous diagnostics and mitigation , the required strategy for cybersecurity .
“ We refused to do an on-premise CDM implementation , ” Cavallo says . Here again , the reason was hardware — $ 300,000 worth of it . “ For us , that 's a tremendous amount of money , ” they add .
With the approval of Homeland Security , Cavallo says SBA has finished phase one of a cloud implementation of CDM without buying hardware . Eight tools to help with inventory reside in the cloud in this phase . Cavallo says he 's working with DHS to simplify the cloud CDM stack . Each product has so many components and update cycles , they start to attack one another , they say .
“ To me , it 's much easier to keep security tight if we can simplify it instead of complicate it , ” Cavallo says . Still , using the tools in an infrastructure-as-a-service model required some work with the vendors . DHS designed continuous monitoring as an on-premise thing . For the next phase , Cavallo and CIO Maria Roat are working with DHS and other powers-that-be . SBA wants to use cloud-native tools instead .
Whether you want to meet someone new , think you have what it takes to charm the `` Flirty 30 '' or just want the chance to win a date on the Isle of Fernandos , this is your chance .
The hit ITV1 dating show is now on the search for single lads and ladies who want to look for love on national television .
Hosted by Paddy McGuinness the show sees single men try and impress 30 women who turn their lights off when they decide the potential suitor is a dud .
If they are lucky the men will get to pick one of the girls still interested in them to take on an incredible date in Fernandos ( aka Tenerife ) .
The show , which has become known for Paddy McGuinness ' catchphrase 'no likey , no lighty ' is taking applications until October .
If you want to apply for the new series , visit the Take Me Out application page of the ITV website .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
For a moment , it looked like Jose Mourinho would not be able to resist .
Hook Juan Mata , send on Marouane Fellaini , tell Marcus Rashford their sparkling , trick-stuffed shift was about to end but tell them to walk to the far touchline before being hauled off . Waste a bit of time , the old chestnut .
Two-nil up , still a little while to go , ca n't be too safe .
For a moment , it looked like Jose Mourinho would not be able to resist just the tiniest bit of shop-shutting .
If they did try , even in the slightest , they never had a chance .
Everyone was having far too much fun .
This was a Manchester United team playing with the swagger , the panache and the arrogance of old .
This was a Manchester United team enjoying putting a cowed opponent to the sword .
This was a Manchester United team relishing the awakening of a stadium that has slumbered through recent years .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
As Anthony Martial , a fair replacement for the irrepressible Rashford , sauntered on to a Henrikh Mkhitarayan pass and clipped a simple finish past the simply-beaten Joe Hart , Old Trafford was a vibrant , noisy , colourful throwback .
A throwback to when winning was not just common , winning with a flourish was common .
And the crowning encore after that third from Martial was the fourth from Paul Pogba , whose edge-of-the-area strike was struck sweetly enough to beat a keeper who probably could not wait to get out of the place .
Joyous and Jose are hardly soul-mates but there was a glee about the Pogba-strike celebrations that suggested they have a collection of players who have been waiting to be unshackled .
( Image : Getty )
There is , of course , a caveat and this caveat normally plays in claret and blue .
United swashbuckled , West Ham buckled .
Slaven Bilic can not have found a single positive in this performance . Slow , sloppy , slack .
That was just Pablo Zabaleta but their hapless contribution was emblematic of their team 's resistance .
It was Zabaleta 's embarrassing halting of Rashford that led to the set-piece that provided Romelu Lukaku with their second .
The less said about exactly what Arthur Masuaku was playing at when Mkhitaryan curled over an eminently defendable free-kick , the better .
( Image : REUTERS )
They might have been still giggling as Lukaku laughingly nodded it in .
Of the outstanding individual contributions here , Lukaku 's was maybe the most difficult to evaluate even though their first goal , an emphatic upright-assisted finish from Rashord 's gorgeous pass , clearly sent a rush of confidence through their team .
The suggestion that Lukaku is some sort of flat-track bully has shallow foundation but they certainly show no mercy on the less accomplished .
And as tracks go , they do n't come much flatter than West Ham for Lukaku . That is 11 against them and they have not long turned 24 .
If Lukaku pummels teams outside the Big Six that is no bad thing .
( Image : AFP )
They will have far sterner tests , as will United , but one man you will know will be up to most challenges is Nemanja Matic .
Mourinho must have thought it was some sort of wind-up when they were told Chelsea would actually sell Matic to their old , estranged , embittered boss and their title rivals .
On the elite European stage , Matic might not enjoy supremacy but they have long had this Premier League lark well and truly sussed .
Looking to cap a dominant display , they even had the odd pop at Hart themselves but then why would n't they join in the fun ?
For a moment , their manager might not have approved but even they must have been thrilled by one of the most exciting United performances post-Fergie .
Mourinho has re-opened the United shop and , you suspect , it wo n't be shutting soon .
A few stronger thunderstorms moved through parts of the region last night , even allowing for a severe thunderstorm warning in Midland County . Despite some getting beneficial rain , plenty of folks still need some and it looks like another opportunity is there for today .
Today & Tonight
A few light showers will be possible this morning , leftover from last night 's activity , but overall we should get off to a pretty dry start for your Thursday .
Temperatures are in the lower to upper 60s across Mid-Michigan , leaving the jacket or sweatshirt decision entirely up to you , but later on today , it will be completely unnecessary . Highs are expected to jump well into the 80s again today .
A cold front approaching from the west will bring a chance of showers and thunderstorms once again this afternoon and evening . It will also help to clear our skies , so sunshine should be more common in the afternoon hours .
A Marginal Risk ( 5 % ) for severe weather exists once again today in parts of the Thumb for the possibility of gusty winds and hail with any stronger thunderstorms . A Marginal Risk suggests severe weather chances are low and severe weather is not expected to be widespread .
Shower and thunderstorm chances end late in the evening and the overnight hours should be dry , with just a slight chance of a shower toward daybreak Friday . With partly to mostly clear skies , overnight lows will fall into the lower 60s .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Actress Taapsee Pannu , who has made their mark with films like Pink , Naam Shabana and Judwaa 2 , says women can achieve anything with determination and strength .
“ I 've always followed the belief that there is nothing that a woman ca n't achieve if they are determined and builds the strength to do so , ” Taapsee said in a statement .
Taapsee , who has been named brand ambassador of GSK Consumer Healthcare 's Women 's Horlicks , which has been designed specifically for women 's nutritional needs , is trying to build cognizance about bone health amongst women through a new campaign by the brand fashioned around the theme of # StandStrong .
On the initiative , the actor said , “ The # StandStrong platform launched by Women 's Horlicks is a perfect representation of this mantra . It is inspiring women to invest in their strength – physical strength in this case supported by strong bones . ”
Trending
“ I would urge all women to participate in this movement of investing in their strength as strong bones make a stronger you . ”
“ I look forward to doing some great work with the brand to strengthen their cause of spreading awareness about bone strength so that nothing holds back the potential of today 's women – the superheroes . ”
Vikram Bahl , Area Marketing Lead , Nutrition and Digestive health , GSK Consumer Healthcare India , said , “ Taapsee truly embodies the brand 's personality in their actions and values as a new age woman , who dons many hats and needs the support of a strong body to do so . ”
“ Well known for their impactful roles , they are a great fit that brings alive the brand 's philosophy of making women strong inside-out . ”
On the film front , the actor will be seen in Anubhav Sinha 's Mulk , a social thriller based on real-life struggles of common people . It also features veteran actor Rishi Kapoor .
The rise in WPI inflation compares with a 1.3 % increase in forecast by economists in a Reuters poll and a provisional 0.9 % rise in June . Photo : Bloomberg
New Delhi : India 's wholesale price inflation ( WPI ) rate picked up in July after easing for four straight months , with food prices back on the rise .
The wholesale price index rose 1.88 % in July from a year earlier , compared with an increase of 0.63 % in July 2016 , government data showed on Monday .
The rise compares with a 1.3 % increase forecast by economists in a Reuters poll and a provisional 0.9 % rise in June—the slowest pace since July 2016 . Wholesale food prices in July rose 2.12 % on year , compared with a 1.25 % fall a month earlier .
Easing price pressures gave the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) room to cut its main policy rate by 25 basis points to 6 % earlier this month , the lowest since November 2010 .
It was the first rate cut by an Asian central bank this year . But the RBI retained its “ neutral stance ” and warned inflation could pick up again .
Data later on Monday is expected to show consumer inflation also quickened in July , after easing for three straight months .
Economists expect the consumer price index , the main policy target of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) , rose 1.87 % on-year , compared with an increase of 1.54 % in June .
The RBI expects retail inflation could accelerate to 3.5 % to 4.5 % in October-December . Reuters
News 100 : Watch top news of the business world
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates . Watch top news of the business world .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We 're not very good at it in the UK , but in many countries , when you slaughter an animal , you use most of its parts .
Not just the meaty , juicy bits - but the parts which sound a little less appetising to our sensitive ears ( and palette ) .
We 're talking about tripe , feet , gizzards , necks , spleen and even tendons .
If none of those really tickle your tastebuds , however , then be glad you did n't spot this packet of sausages in a supermarket in Adelaide , Australia .
Because these are n't like any sausages we 've heard of before .
And maybe this is a cut of meat too far ...
( Image : Instagram )
The unfortunate typo was spied by an eagle-eyed shopper who says they saw it on a packet of beef sausages at a Foodland Valley View supermarket .
At least , we hope it 's a typo ?
The photo was shared on the S * * t Adelaide Instagram page and was quick to rack up the comments .
It took some people a little while for the penny to drop , but once it did , the comments rolled in thick and fast .
( Image : iStockphoto )
`` Think I 'll go back to veggie , '' one woman wrote - and we can see them point .
`` It 's good to see that they 're using the whole cow ... '' pointed out someone else .
Another commenter made the joke ( and good point ) `` At least they spelt COUNTRY right ... ''
By STEVE REED , AP Sports Writer
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — A flood of emotions and memories came crashing to mind as Mike Thomas watched their son Justin hoist the Wanamaker Trophy on the 18th green after winning their first PGA Championship on Sunday .
“ I just started thinking of my dad — three generations of PGA members , ” Mike Thomas said . “ I mean , that 's pretty neat . ”
Mike Thomas is a PGA Tour professional at Harmony Landing in Louisville , Kentucky and a former member of the PGA 's board of directors . Their father , Paul Thomas , was a 60-year member of the PGA of America .
“ I just wish my grandfather was here to see this , ” Justin said during a ceremony on the 18th green .
The 24-year-old Thomas looked around on the green and said they knew most of the PGA members there dressed in blue sports coats , joking that they probably drove them crazy running around as a kid .
Their father laughed .
“ You ca n't pick and choose which tournaments you are going to win , but the PGA Championship , probably for my father more than me , was so special , ” Mike Thomas said .
Mike Thomas remembers playing their son for a few bucks on the golf course . Those days , they said , are long gone . While they still play once or twice a year , they joke that this wallet can no longer take the beating .
“ I ca n't play with them anymore — it 's no fun , ” they said with a laugh .
They knew early on their son had the potential to be a special player , but never envisioned or worried about what their future might hold .
“ This is pretty crazy , pretty surreal , ” Mike Thomas said . “ I never dreamed of them winning the PGA Championship . I 'm just like any other parent . I hope he 's safe and I hope he 's happy . This is icing on the cake here . We are blessed to be where we are at today . ”
Mike Thomas described their son as a good-natured kid who is “ mischievous at times , ” and seems to enjoy pulling pranks on their friends .
Some of those friends were around the green Sunday helping them celebrate their first major championship and fourth victory of the season , including Jordan Spieth , Rickie Fowler and Bud Cauley .
They also said their son can get a “ little fiery ” on the golf course , and that at times they need to be more patient .
Mike Thomas offered just one bit of advice before the final round Sunday : Do n't worry if you make a bogey .
“ I pointed out to them that you are second in the field in birdies , ” Mike Thomas said . “ If you make a bogey that 's no big deal . They did n't make a double bogey this week , which is huge . When you are making birdies , you can afford to make a bogey every now and again . ”
Like any parent , Mike Thomas was full of nerves as their son maneuvered their way through the Quail Hollow 's Green Mile , the three most difficult closing holes in golf .
Even after Justin sank a 15-foot birdie putt on the 17th hole to take a three-shot lead , they are n't ready to celebrate .
“ I mean 18 is tough , look at ( what happened to ) Jason Day on Saturday , ” Mike Thomas said , referring to Day 's quadruple bogey 8 that took them out of contention for the championship . “ When they were on 18 I was just like , ‘ Hit on land , hit in a tent somewhere , hit it in a bunker and let 's move on . Just stay on land . ”
Justin did just that , safely navigating the treacherous hole and making bogey to win by two shots .
Mike Thomas has been there every step of the way during Justin 's growth as a player . In fact , he 's kept every golf ball from every tournament Justin has ever won .
They have 131 of them .
So did they get the ball they used on Sunday ?
“ You mean this one ? ” Mike Thomas said as they reached into their pocket and pulled it out .
Although this win was special for the Thomas family , this ball will go alongside all of the others .
“ It 's just another win , ” Mike Thomas said .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
NEWTON , Kan. — Police in Newton apparently had a school bus stopped in the 300 block of East 1st Thursday afternoon . Officers were dispatched to a report of a student on the bus with a gun and responded rapidly in an effort to ensure the safety of the children onboard .
Upon arrival , they learned that the gun was a toy and officers immediately began deescalating the situation .
The young student who brought the toy on the bus was given a ride to the nearby district office where the child 's mother could respond to take the child home .
While this may have been a frightening situation for everyone on the bus , police officials say they take threats to the safety of children seriously and will respond in a rapid and professional manner .
By Eric Whitney , Montana Public Radio
The Affordable Care Act created new health coverage opportunities for more than half a million Native Americans and Alaska Natives — and jobs have followed on its coattails .
In Montana , this is playing out at the Blackfeet Community Hospital . It 's the only hospital on the Blackfeet reservation and has been mostly funded — and chronically underfunded — by the Indian Health Service , which has been in charge of Native American health care since its founding in the 1950s .
But now , many Native Americans have been able to afford health insurance on the Obamacare exchange , and last year , Montana expanded Medicaid . Now , about one in seven reservation residents gets Medicaid .
Blackfeet Community Hospital needed to build an infrastructure to deal with the byzantine bureaucracy that comes with taking Medicaid and private insurance . The tribe 's community college started a new curriculum to help meet the growing demand for people in Indian country to process insurance claims .
Blackfeet tribal member Gerald Murray took the courses . “ I got a contract before I graduated in April , and then the day of graduation in May it became permanent so I applied for it , ” they said .
Murray 's experience is an example of the health care law 's transformative power in Native American communities , said Montana 's director of American Indian Health , Mary Lynn Billy-Old Coyote .
“ To me , there 's opportunity there to not only build health care , but to build your entire community and build jobs , ” said Billy-Old Coyote .
Unemployment on most of Montana 's Indian reservations is at least double the rest of the state . And people who are working do n't always get health insurance with their jobs .
So ACA subsidies that bring down the cost of insurance premiums are a big deal , Billy-Old Coyote said .
Most Montanans , Native or not , can now get policies for about $ 75 a month . It is a big change for the reservation communities where people are accustomed to the underfunded IHS , which often did n't pay for care unless someone was in immediate danger of losing life or limb .
“ Now you 've got an opportunity for American Indian people to truly have access to private insurance , ” they said . “ You have access to greater networks of providers and specialists , and all the things we generally do n't see you have access to . ”
Medicaid expansion had a lot to do with the number of health care jobs in Montana growing by 3 percent last year , according to state statistics . And schools in Montana , including tribal colleges , are offering more classes in health care fields .
At Blackfeet Community College , 23-year-old Leroy Bearmedicine is working toward certification as an emergency medical technician .
“ I 'd like to become a registered nurse at some point , maybe even work my way up to flight nurse — something to get the adrenaline going , ” they say .
Native American leaders have seen the Affordable Care Act as a means to remedy a series of broken promises by the federal government to care for them . They now fear that promise , too , will fade . One estimate suggests Montana will lose 3,000 health care jobs if the Affordable Care Act is repealed .
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR , Montana Public Radio and Kaiser Health News . It is published here under a creative commons license agreement and courtesy of KHN .
I began my novel-writing project using a 30-day plan from the Guardian 's website . Perhaps unsurprisingly , I 've now abandoned that schedule – mostly because it was based around the idea that “ the first draft of your book [ ... ] in almost all cases will be the final draft , needing only minor editing and polishing ” .
Some writers can craft something near-perfect immediately , but not me . As I 've said before , my first drafts are ugly things unfit for human eyes . They need shattering and re-setting , not polishing .
With that in mind , although I began writing using the outline I made with the Guardian guide , I started using it as a loose structure rather than following it slavishly .
I 'm glad I did – I 'm only 10,000 words in and already I 've decided to change one character 's gender , split another in two , and revoke a nation 's independence .
Space upgraders
Progress with this new method has been steady – particularly now that I 've solved the problem of privacy when writing on my morning commute – but it would be nice to have a dedicated space for typing away at home .
There 's no way I 'll have a whole peaceful room to myself , as is recommended in so many books on writing .
My desk is opposite my husband 's in a room painted an invigorating shade of turquoise perpetual and there 's a Damoclean tension caused by two bikes mounted on plasterboard walls ( one of which is at just the right height to scalp me if I stand up suddenly ) .
This is where tech comes in – specifically , music . Stephen King claims to work best while listening to Metallica , and although I 'm also fond of the Black Album , it makes me feel more like grabbing a pencil and drumming along with Lars than getting any work done .
Google Play 's Unstoppable Rock radio station is another favorite , but if you can resist singing along ( badly ) to Summer of ‘ 69 , you might actually be a robot .
Focus at Will factors in your caffeine consumption when recommending a musical genre , so this came as no surprise
To avoid the distraction of familiar tunes , I 'm trying Focus at Will – an online radio station that prescribes a certain type of music based on a personality quiz . It 's said to be used by employees at eBay and Google to boost productivity .
The aim is to help you achieve a ‘ flow state ' by altering brain activity , enabling you to work quickly and efficiently .
It 's a subscription service with a free trial and 30-day money-back guarantee to fall back on if it does n't float your boat , so I signed up and tuned in .
Focus at Will features 12 channels , each of which has three ‘ energy levels ' . My test results indicated that up-tempo tunes should get me in the mood for hitting the keyboard , and I selected the highest energy option . All music is instrumental – no distracting vocals – and my selection proved pleasingly synth-heavy .
I 'll need to give it a little longer to see if it helps boost my concentration and output , but it 's good stuff in any case . Forget bland ambient lift music – the first track that appeared on my radio station was by Giorgio Moroder ( the chap you can hear being interviewed on the Daft Punk album Random Access Memories ) .
Uncommon scents
On a less techie side , I 've also tried enhancing my writing space with a little scent . The internet is awash with strangely-perfumed candles with aromas like pipe tobacco , old books , and even specific cities – all of which sound appropriate for a writing environment ( though a London-scented candle might give you the weird black snot you get after a few hours on the Tube ) .
Most of the more literary options would have to be imported from the US at considerable expense , but a little investigation turned up a series of soy candles inspired by famous authors from a company called Paddywax .
I bypassed Jane Austen ( gardenia , tuberose and jasmine ) and Mark Twain ( tobacco flower and vanilla ) , instead opting for Oscar Wilde . Hey , if you 're going to buy a decadent candle , you might as well go all the way .
Science fiction authors were sadly unrepresented in the Paddywax library , but dystopias probably stink so that might be a blessing .
`` Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination '' is printed on the Oscar Wilde candle 's sleek tin in an effort to justify its price tag
Oscar Wilde 's candle had so much potential – lilies and cigarettes , maybe – but when lit , it just smells like a kind of inoffensive aftershave . Okay in its own right , but nothing that takes attention away from the road bike dangling overhead or the room 's violent color scheme .
Still , though it is not inspiring , at least it wo n't be a distraction either . Time to turn up the music and get back to typing .
Yes Bank said it has recruited a team to establish the operations under the guidance of the Board of Directors and trustees . Photo : Mint
New Delhi : Yes Bank on Wednesday said it has received approval from capital markets regulator Sebi to start mutual fund business .
This approval is subsequent to the Reserve Bank of India 's ( RBI ) approval granted to Yes Bank to sponsor a mutual fund followed by Sebi 's in-principle approval received subsequently , the bank said in a statement today .
“ Yes Asset Management ( India ) Limited ( YAMIL ) will leverage YES BANK 's Knowledge Banking expertise and relationship capital across retail , corporate and institutional investors to effectively channelise their assets in equity and debt capital markets , ” the bank 's managing director and chief executive officer Rana Kapoor said .
This strategic initiative will further complement Yes Bank 's retail liabilities and wealth management strategy , and also allow YAMIL to build on the bank 's distribution network to provide customers a seamless investment and banking experience , Kapoor said .
The lender said it has recruited a team to establish the operations under the guidance of the Board of Directors and trustees . Yes Asset Management will launch fund offerings across the spectrum of both debt and equity markets over the next 6-12 months
The proposed policies are meant to deal with the increasing digital colonization of India , said the people cited above . Photo : Bloomberg
Bengaluru : The government is preparing a policy framework to regulate foreign investments more closely in internet and smartphone businesses , especially in view of the increasing Chinese presence in these sectors , said three people familiar with the matter .
Government agencies including the defence ministry , information technology ministry and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai ) , besides the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) , are working on new policies , the people cited above said on condition of anonymity .
The proposed policies are meant to deal with the increasing digital colonization of India , said the people cited above . The aim is not to stop or restrict foreign investments but to install safeguards that will ensure India 's security is not compromised , they said . This assumes significance as Chinese and American companies either directly control large parts of the internet business or have tremendous influence as investors in local start-ups , even in strategically important areas such as financial services and content .
Over the past 18 months , after Japan 's SoftBank Group , Chinese companies led by Alibaba Group , Tencent Holdings and Xiaomi Inc. have become the most influential investors in the start-up ecosystem . Xiaomi is also currently the highest-selling smartphone brand in India .
Given that Chinese smartphone brands control a majority of the Indian smartphone market , regulators have identified three key threats related to Indian consumers—addiction , surveillance and manipulation . The threats have been categorized under the acronym of ASM , two of the three people said .
“ The deeper concern is around national security , while the whole thing is around colonization . China is at the heart of this entire debate , especially from a national security perspective , ” said one among the two .
Some of these policies have already been implemented . In April , RBI issued a policy on the storage of payments system data , which requires digital payments providers to store data in India .
“ To ensure better monitoring , it is important to have unfettered supervisory access to data stored with these system providers as also with their service providers/intermediaries/third-party vendors and other entities in the payment ecosystem , ” RBI had said in April .
More policies on localization of data are expected to be announced .
The debate around data colonization has already alarmed sections of the Indian start-up ecosystem and there is a broader consensus emerging on the need to have proper policies in place to prevent a complete Chinese and American takeover of the start-up ecosystem , said a top India-based venture capitalist on condition of anonymity .
However , it will be tricky for India to regulate Chinese and other foreign investments in a strict manner . As a group , Chinese firms have become the most important investors in the internet business that most Indian institutional investors and companies have shied away from . Additionally , high quality , low-cost smartphones made by Chinese companies have allowed tens of millions of Indians to use the internet .
“ Chinese companies are here to stay . They have become an essential part of the smartphone and internet ecosystem . The government can not afford to turn away Chinese capital ; so , any regulation will have to be light , ” said the venture capitalist quoted above .
LEBANON , Tenn. – A high school student who posted an anti-bullying video attacking their school 's administration was given a two-day suspension , but the school is saying it had nothing to do with their video 's message .
Emily Gipson is a student at Lebanon High School in Lebanon , Tennessee . On January 22 , they posted a YouTube video of them performing a free-verse poem about bullying and suicide at their school .
“ Welcome to Lebanon High School , where smiles are fake and suicide prevention is something to laugh at , ” they begin .
In the days since it was posted , Gipson 's video has racked up more than 700,000 views — and has caused serious controversy at their high school .
Gipson was given a two-day suspension for the video , a punishment some people attributed to their strong words against the school 's handling of bullying .
However , the school says it was a much simpler reason .
Why they were suspended
Jennifer Johnson , the spokesperson for Wilson County Schools , posted a lengthy statement on the schools ' Facebook page defending the school 's decision .
“ While it 's been widely circulated that Emily was punished for inciting violence with their video , this is patently false , ” wrote Johnson , a former news anchor .
“ No such violation even exists in our student handbook . Three weeks ago , Emily asked a coach if they could use their classroom as a backdrop for a school project . When the video surfaced , weeks later , on YouTube… the coach was mortified by the nature of their message . ”
“ The video , ” they wrote , “ was shot after school hours , long after an announcement was made over the PA system indicating that students needed to be out of the building . ”
Why they made the video
One theme of Gipson 's video is the connection between bullying and suicide .
In October , a student at the school took their life , prompting a school meeting to address bullying . The girl was Gipson 's friend , and the suicide led Gipson to pen the poem that eventually ended up in their viral video .
Johnson , the spokesperson , said no bullying was discovered or reported by either Gipson or the friend .
“ While students have said repeatedly that the student was bullied , there 's no evidence whatsoever to support that , ” they wrote . “ The school had never received any bullying complaints from , or about , this student . At a community meeting , the student 's parents openly admitted that they were not aware of any bullying . ”
Gipson posted a follow-up to their original video , titled , “ Have I Made a Difference Yet ? ”
“ Never did I know that it would get this many views , ” they say of their original video . “ Through it getting this big , I have learned a lesson . This is not my school , this is everyone 's school . This is a national problem . ”
They then recites a poem reflecting on “ the bad choices that save lives ” and asking for compassion for people who are made to feel “ you 're not quite good enough . ”
What does a Bollywood star aspire for ? More fame ? More money ? Bigger box office hits ? Turns out , Ranbir Kapoor wants none of those . When GQ India spoke to them as part of an exclusive interview , we discovered that the actor 's bucket list is n't very different from , say , your own . They want to skydive , they want a weekend home near Mumbai and their two dogs are at the top of their mind ( and list ) .
When we sat them down for an exclusive interview for our June issue , Ranbir Kapoor revealed their bucket list to us .
“ Skydiving . Winning a cup for Mumbai FC [ the ISL football team that they co-owns ] . Buying a house in New York , and spending some time there . Building a weekend home in Pavna . Mating my two dogs , ” Kapoor told GQ India , “ They 're mastiffs , so it 's really hard to find girls . ”
Ranbir Kapoor also opened up about their addictions , the books he 's reading , the benefits of ‘ isolating ' themselves from society… and Alia Bhatt . For the full interview , click here !
NOW READ
Ranbir Kapoor 's weekend home , worth ₹13 crore , could look like this
What 's Ranbir Kapoor like in real life ?
Inside Ranbir Kapoor 's enviable sneaker collection
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Rambam benefactor Ronals Bakalarz and Haim Yehezkel co-hosted a luncheon in the Clubhouse of Porto Vita in Aventura , Florida on February 3rd to acquaint their neighbors and city leaders with the South Florida Chapter of American Friends of Rambam Medical Center ( AFORAM ) . The hospital , located in Haifa , Israel , is renowned for its medical innovations , security provided for the two million residents of northern Israel , and success as a role model for peaceful coexistence in the Middle East .
Guest speaker at the event was renowned Rambam physician , Eyal Fruchter , M.D. , Chief of Psychiatry and former Chief Psychiatrist for Israeli Defense Forces , who visited South Florida to address community leaders and speak about their experiences as a specialist in Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) and suicide-prevention and as the personal psychiatrist of captured Israeli soldier , Gilad Shalit .
Among the city dignitaries attending were Aventura Mayor Enid Weisman , Aventura Commissioner Bob Shelley , former Aventura Commissioner Billy Joel and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge .
Mr. Bakalarz praised the medical discoveries and promising clinical research at Rambam , particularly for neurological disorders , such as Essential Tremor and Parkinson 's disease . Mr. Yehezkel pointed out Rambam 's philanthropic and humanitarian efforts , providing free healthcare for the poor and needy not only in northern Israel but from neighboring countries , Lebanon and Syria , regardless of race , religion or ethnic background .
AFORAM salutes the Bakalarz and Yehezkel families , whose generosity and support will help to save lives not only in Israel but also in America and around the world . For more information , please contact Sue Baron , Southeast Regional Director , American Friends of Rambam Medical Center , at suebaron @ bellsouth.net or call 305-794-5155 .
PESHAWAR : Unrest has erupted amongst local producers/traders of slender nut ( chilgoza ) and government officials on Friday when security personnel refused to allow 12 dry and fresh fruit-laden trucks from Wana South Waziristan to transport their goods to open markets across the country .
Per details , local officials said that under the China Pakistan Economic Corridor the government had constructed an Agri Park in the outskirts of Wana . An official said that the purpose of the park was to provide opportunities to local traders of fresh/dry fruits and other agricultural products , to sell their products at reasonable prices . Therefore , the government had directed the farmers and local traders to dump their products for sale and purchase in the mentioned park , they added .
While talking to this scribe , a tribal elder named Mohammad Ayaz Wazir said , “ Farmers and local traders have been officially directed to deal only with business people belonging to Punjab province . But the tribesmen have refused the orders and instead they have loaded their produce of slender nut on trucks which will transport the goods to open markets of the country , including Peshawar , Rawalpindi , Lahore and other major cities. ” However , they said that all trucks were stopped by personnel of security forces at Tanai check post on the outskirts of Wana a couple of days ago . All the trucks were now stranded there since the past few days , thus causing widespread unrest among local traders and transporters , they added .
Replying to a query , Wazir said , “ The newly constructed Agri Park has no facility for refining , preserving and storage of slender nuts and other dry/fresh fruits. ” Under these circumstances , the tribesmen were reluctant to sell their products in the park to a single contractor , who with the help of the officials concerned was making attempts to monopolise trading activities in the area , they added . It is pertinent to mention here that the annual slender nut trading business is worth Rs 14 billion .
When contacted , an officer belonging to the political administration said that due to some misunderstanding local traders and slender nut producers became infuriated . The officials concerned were making efforts for early resolution of the issue .
Besides slender nut , Shawal mountains connecting South Waziristan and North Waziristan , are also known for the production of high quality almonds and walnuts , in addition to juicy apples from Wana region . However , due to increasing incidents of terrorism and violence in the area , production and trade of all dry/fresh fruits in the area had been badly affected .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier , at age 45 instead of 50 .
The American Cancer Society 's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group , which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago .
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now . The advocacy group was influenced by its study , published last year , that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50 . Experts are n't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994 .
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer ; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions , like Crohn 's disease , or a family history of colon cancer . The group endorses six kinds of screening exams , from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10 .
“ All of these tests are good tests , and the choice should be offered to patients , ” said the cancer society 's Dr. Rich Wender . “ The best test is the test that gets done . ”
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments . It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review is n't expected until around 2021 .
That panel 's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act , although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines . It 's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades .
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older , and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades . Colon cancer , combined with rectal cancer , is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S . This year , more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it , and about 50,000 will die from it .
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines , said Dr. Marcus Plescia , of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials . But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice .
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups , and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45 .
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening , more effort should be put into getting more people tested . Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines .
“ It 's hard enough to get people to do it at all , ” Plescia noted .
Dr. Andrew Wolf , the lead author of the latest guidelines , said they considered and rejected that reasoning .
“ We should be able to do both , ” said Wolf , a University of Virginia internist .
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Department of Science Education . The AP is solely responsible for all content .
Comments
comments
The City of Salmon Arm closed Canoe Beach due to high water on Monday , May 28 . ( Jim Elliot/Salmon Arm Observer )
Barring heavy rains , the level of Shuswap Lake could peak this week and then begin receding . However , the lake level is currently high enough to close several boat launches and public beaches around the Shuswap .
The Harbour Road Boat Launch located at 1955 Eagle Bay Rd . in Sicamous is closed until further notice .
The Kappel Street Boat Launch into the Sicamous channel , and the Windsor Road boat launch in Swansea Point are also closed .
The Oxford Road lake access in Swansea Point has also been closed by the Columbia Shuswap Regional District .
The CSRD operates two additional boat launch sites within the Sorrento/Blind Bay area , the Markwart Road Boat Launch in Sorrento and the Whitehead Road Boat Launch in Eagle Bay . Both of those remain open at this time for use by the public .
The boat launches in Salmon Arm remain open at this time , although City of Salmon Arm staff say the launches in Canoe and at Marine Park are being monitored daily and could close without much advance notice . This also goes for other launches in the Sicamous area , which also could be closed due to high water levels .
Pebble Beach and Sandy Beach parks in Blind Bay and Shannon Beach in Eagle Bay have also been closed to the public .
The City of Salmon Arm made the decision to close Canoe Beach Park on May 28 , after water could be seen at the tunnel beach access under the train tracks .
“ Due to the high water levels and to ensure public safety , effective today , the city has made the decision to close Canoe Beach , ” writes city director of engineering and public works Rob Niewenhuizen .
“ However , on a positive note , it appears that all of the major river flows into Shuswap Lake have reached a peak and are starting to drop , so hopefully the lake levels will peak soon and we will be able to start the clean-up process . ”
Related : Salmon River upgraded to flood warning
Forecasts indicate the lake water will begin to recede later this week .
David Campbell , head of the BC River Forecast Centre , said favourable weather has mediated river flooding concerns across most of B.C . while increased rates of snow melt have bumped up the usual mid-June peak river period .
“ We are seeing the accelerated snowpack melt continue in recent days from 40 to 100 per cent at the higher elevations , ” said Campbell .
“ We are several weeks ahead of the normal flood season river peak levels due to the extreme hot temperatures over the last month . ”
Campbell said Shuswap Lake is expected to peak later this week , as is the South Thompson River that it drains into .
Related : 2017 – Lake level similar to flood years
Although provincial forecasters are predicting Shuswap Lake could reach its peak level later this week , the CSRD is still urging caution for those with property close to the lake .
Derek Sutherland , the CSRD 's team leader with protective services , says they would like property owners to remain vigilant and not remove flood protection measures for at least a week .
They say it 's still too soon to tell if Shuswap Lake has peaked .
“ It 's certainly slowing down . Our modelling is showing that the lake is peaking and may drop here soon . But it 's still very early… “
They say the lake has been known to level off and then surge another one or two times before reaching its highest level .
Related : In photos – back to flooding in the Shuswap
Municipal governments are warning boaters still planning to head out on the water to take additional care . Boaters are being asked to reduce speed to 10 km/h within 30 metres ( 100 feet ) of the shore line to avoid creating wakes . They can cause erosion and damage to the shoreline and properties which are in danger of flooding . Boaters are also asked to use extreme caution because debris , some of which may be below the water 's surface and not visible to boat operators , can damage boats and cause injuries .
–With files from Tracy Hughes , Martha Wickett and Barry Gerding
@ SalmonArm
newsroom @ saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Ah Yes , Those Jobs & Wages
In these long dark nights of insomnia and worry as the Trump presidency catastrophe batters the nation one phenomena keeps regularly occurring to provide some relief : the mordant chuckle . The latest episode happened in a grimly humorous Washington Post article where Republican leaders counseled patience in reacting to all the Trump horrors .
“ People voted for change , ” said David Winston , a GOP pollster . “ They 're looking for two basic outcomes : more jobs and higher wages . It 's pretty straightforward . ”
Heh . Heh-heh-heh . Since when did the Republican Party give a damn about workers and jobs ? Republicans care about cutting taxes , despoiling the environment , busting unions for lower wages , banning abortion , and maintaining a bloated “ defense ” budget that makes Jabba the Hut look slim .
The idea that somehow in all this swirling noxious mess of Trump failure that lying carnival barker could produce meaningful change for workers and their wages is beyond ludicrous , heh , when do we see the plans for a manned mission to Pluto ?
One could be forgiven , perhaps , in the fantasy Trump and Republicans care about workers from the lying 2016 Trump campaign ( shocking—I 'm blown away , I tell you -- to see so many campaign lies abandoned in the last week ) but anyone with any element of critical thinking could instantly see “ populist ” Trump promising more and better jobs was just more lying carnival barking , god , are you telling me any political professional fell for that ? Heh .
Unfortunately I ca n't remember the political scientist who advanced this thesis , but it has a blissful simplicity : be an American political Party of peace and prosperity or foretell your doom . If your Party can not deliver peace and prosperity losing , failure and extinction are your only outcomes , sooner or later .
Each day the truth of it creeps inexorably forward with Yosemite glacier power , since 1992 how many Presidential popular vote counts have the Republicans won ? Precisely one , one out of the last seven . Frantic distractions ( terrorism , war , taxation , manipulation of racism and repression of women ) and chicanery of mechanism and redistricting have saved them so far , but their day of doom will arrive one day .
Right ? Hope clouds observation , Reverend Mother Gaius Mohiam said so wisely . For liberals and Democrats of course the peace and prosperity thesis represents cherished principles of a proud past of accomplishment and victory , but an extremely good argument can be made present abandonment of them has lead to our current nightmare of insomnia in this hellish political wilderness .
For abandoned them we have , much to my eternal dismay . For better or worse President Obama completely embraced the Republican solution of war and violence to solving alleged security issues , Jabba was ferociously fed all during their terms and we never really left Afghanistan or Iraq . Whatever one projects about the behavior Hillary Clinton undoubtedly they and Obama by historical standards are ardent militarists .
Jobs and wages ? Please , precisely once since 1992 has the Democratic Party implemented the one policy known to work : Keynesian spending , the 2009 Obama stimulus . In all that time Obama and Clinton basically proclaimed their flight attendantship of the economy and free market lifted many household boats , success and victory can be attained by leaving Keynes behind in free market growth prosperity . Right ?
Ah , no . One can make the argument of Oliver Willis that demanding and fighting for a larger 2009 stimulus was clouded partisan wishful thinking , okay , but as Duncan Black and myself so frantically said in 2010 what the farking hell was stopping Obama and the Democrats from passing another $ 800 billion 2010 stimulus ? Really ? If they could n't , why not make the Republicans pay and pay with a righteous losing fight ?
The decision was made to leave Keynes behind and as Allison Hantschel so aptly said at the time Obama and Democrats richly deserved to get their asses handed to them in the 2010 midterms . We had our golden chance to truly effect job growth and market wages with sustained social infrastructure spending and investment and just sat there . The rest , as they say , is evident history .
One can further see abandonment of prosperity in the horrible fracture of the hellish Democratic Party 2016 primary . It 's further demonstrated in the manifestly dismaying gullibility of Trump voters getting suckered by that lying carnival barker caring about jobs . Had the Democratic Party truly adhered to prosperity principle that opportunity for political gullibility would not have existed .
Jobs and wages . Peace and prosperity . Am I a Life Master , impeccable foreseer of the future with righteous policy of gleaming Statue of Liberty truth boldly proclaiming future political success for liberals and Democrats ? Sadly , no . What is starkly true is that—like the Republicans—the more we stray from peace and prosperity the more likely we will wander in this sleepless political wilderness .
The verdict is out . Politics is the most lucrative profession in Kenya . You need to look at the lifestyle of Members of the County Assembly ( MCAs ) to appreciate why professors are leaving the classroom to run for political office .
The numbers in list of aspirants published by IEBC are also astonishing . Jubilee Party , 7,894 aspirants ODM ( 5,200 ) , Ford Kenya ( 1,819 ) , ANC ( 1,600 ) , Wiper ( 1,426 ) , MCC ( 1,400 ) , Kanu ( 1,061 ) , PNU ( 936 ) , Narc-K ( 218 ) and CCM ( 200 ) . That is at least 21 , 754 aspirants . Yet these are only top 10 parties in terms of numbers .
The numbers show party or coalition strengths across the country .
Importantly , the electoral body paved way for independent candidates when it gave room for them to submit their documents a fortnight after parties have done the same . At the backdrop of this is the law that bars aspirants from party hoping if they lose positions . Unless this is declared unconstitutional by the courts which are yet to determine it , the law will apply .
The electoral body opened a window for aspirants who lose at the primaries to run as independent candidates when it gave notice that candidates intending to participate in the General Election as independent candidates should not be members of any political party by May 8 , being three months before the election . This means that since parties are to complete their primaries by April 26 , while independent candidates should present their names by May 10 , aspirants who lose at the primaries have 12 days to resign from their parties and run as independent candidates .
The statements by President Uhuru Kenyatta and their deputy William Ruto that the government is big and aspirants who lose in the nominations will still have room in government are not enough . Many have already headed for other parties where they feel they stand a chance . Mashinani Party and Maendeleo Chap Chap are some of the beneficiaries in Jubilee strong holds while Nasa affiliates are squaring themselves within the coalition .
It is said if you are not holding a political seat , then you are not a politician . That is why politicians prefer to die in office . Even when they are defeated , they still try to come back .
It is for this reason that few politicians in Kenya retire from active politics . In recent years , Fred Gumo and Abdikadir Mohamed opted not to run but they are the exception to the rule .
The other thing that could endear aspirants is the current legislators who are pioneer independent elected leaders . They ran in areas that were strongholds of certain political outfits and won , something to encourage other aspirants . Gatobu Kinoti of Buuri and Wesley Korir of Cherangany are some of the independent leaders in Parliament today . They have , however , decided to join parties to secure re-election .
But perhaps from these elections , someone can do a study about the viability of independent candidates for there will be some good data to conduct authoritative research .
What will , however , be a real success is when independent elected leaders decline to toe party lines and stick to issues in their legislative and oversight roles in Parliament . This will be a win because sober and non-partisan voices are missing in the August House .
—The writer is a blogger
[ email protected ]
March 30 The Federal Reserve is not considering selling its holdings of mortgage-backed bonds , New York Fed President William Dudley said on Thursday when asked about the U.S. central bank 's plan to shrink its holdings .
`` We do n't contemplate actively selling assets , '' Dudley told a risk conference in Florida . The Fed has said it plans to trim its $ 4.5-trillion portfolio of mortgage and Treasury bonds by letting them naturally mature , and that it did not , for now , expect to sell .
( Reporting by Jonathan Spicer ; editing by Diane Craft )
Screenshot from a video provided by Pacific Yellowfin Charters shows an astute seal seeks shelter on the swim grid of a tourist boat in Frederick Arm , north of Campbell River .
A seal escaped the jaws of hungry orcas by hitching a ride on a nearby tourist vessel on July 1 , and the encounter was caught on video .
A pod of transient orcas were hunting the harbour seal in Frederick Arm , an inlet north of Campbell River , when the savvy animal swam up to the boat and climbed aboard .
Footage provided by Pacific Yellowfin Charters shows the worried-looking seal hiding behind the boat 's outboard motor on the swim grid , a low platform at the stern of the vessel .
The clever seal occasionally glances up at passengers aboard the 26-foot boat . But it 's mostly focused on its hungry hunters , which circulate below and breach menacingly just meters away .
The boat eventually navigated away from the scene , and the seal slipped away .
After the sing-a-long , Wells was given the hot seat for a dunk tank brought in for the occasion . And they went into the water on more than one occasion as players sometimes legitimately hit the trigger arm with a ball but sometimes also ran up to use their hands .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Frank Lampard has heaped praise on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and explained why he 's been so good playing in the centre of the park .
Oxlade-Chamberlain , 24 , announced their intentions to leave Arsenal in the summer , and was on the radar of both Chelsea and Liverpool .
They opted to sign for the latter in a deal worth £35million as Antonio Conte was looking to select them on the wing , where they had been playing for Arsenal , and their ambition was to feature in the middle of the field .
Earlier in the season many critics were unsure whether Oxlade-Chamberlain would be able to do a central position justice , and they were used sparingly by their new boss Jurgen Klopp .
( Image : REUTERS )
But in recent months they have grown to become an integral part of Liverpool 's squad , and was a stand-out performer in the first leg of the Reds 's Champions League quarter-final win over Manchester City .
Speaking about Oxlade-Chamberlain 's progression , Lampard told the London Evening Standard : `` He has been brilliant in the last six weeks in particular .
( Image : REUTERS )
`` We all know the natural raw talent has always been there , but what has impressed me the most is that they have shown the discipline you need to play in midfield .
`` There are a lot of different decisions to make when you move from being a wide player as Oxlade-Chamberlain has done to further inside . You ca n't dribble and take as many touches like before .
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
`` He has managed to learn that side of the game and become an integral part of the Liverpool team . ''
Oxlade-Chamberlain 's Liverpool side are in Champions League action on Tuesday night , where they will go head to head with Roma in the first leg of their semi-final .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With just five months to go until St Paul 's Carnival makes its triumphant return , the hype is slowly building .
Details are starting to emerge about the highly anticipated comeback of the historical celebration - its 50th anniversary - and on Friday night the Malcolm X Community Centre was packed out with hundreds of people keen to learn how they can help make it the biggest Bristol has ever seen .
Of course , one of the key factors of July 7 will be the musical offering , with sound systems playing a major part in the event .
And people will be delighted to hear that there are plans in place to deliver a hefty sonic offering , with a total of 17 sound systems and stages dotted around the area showcasing the finest music from a range of genres within African Caribbean culture .
There will be 10 vast PA systems and speaker stacks in people 's gardens and on various streets , alongside seven stages in parks and open spaces .
“ Our aim is to make the music a positive reflection of African Caribbean culture , ” said carnival non-executive director Emma Lewis .
“ Historically the carnival 's music offering has been predominantly Jamaican with lots of dub and reggae , but this year we want to diversify and add other genres into the mix .
“ That means people can expect to hear plenty of Soca , Calypso , Salsa , Dancehall and Afrobeat alongside the sounds more commonly heard at carnival . ”
A sound system co-ordinator has been appointed whose job it is to organise the layout of the systems and source people to run their own , while carnival organisers are in the process of booking acts to play across the seven stages .
“ We 're going to focus on booking Bristol 's very best artists , including both established acts and up-and-coming talent , '' added Emma .
“ As it 's the 50th anniversary we 're going to be bringing out all the stops and we 've already had quite a few big names approach us saying they would like to play on the day , which is excellent .
“ There 's lots of exciting information to be revealed in the coming months we ca n't wait to share . ”
Locations of all the sound systems and stages at St Paul 's Carnival 2018 : Stages Windrush stage @ The Learning Centre
Unity stage @ St Pauls Park
World dance stage @ Brunswick Square
Mandala 's Hideaway @ St Agnes Park Sound systems Bristol Showcase @ City Road
Excalibur @ City Road
Maasai Warrior @ Hepburn Road
Unique Star @ City Road
Malcom X Rising Stars/ Who Cares @ Malcom X Centre
Passion Radio @ Albany Green
Invasion @ Grosvenor Road Triangle
As it is TV @ Davey Street
Negus Melody @ Winkworth Place
Qualitex Sound @ Newfoundland Road
Jah Tubbys @ Argyle Road
Bassi @ Wilder Street
Ghetto Force @ Portland Square
Soul to Soul Gospel @ Upper York Street
Coalition Sound
Bristol Collective
If you would like to play at St Paul 's Carnival or host a sound system , click here .
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville , Ga . Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after they hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville , Ga . Courtesy of Riley Duncan
Yes , the long-discussed Conor McGregor/FLoyd Mayweather fight is actually happening . Yahoo ! 's Kevin Iole says the fight is finalized and will take place on August 26 in Las Vegas . While some will be excited by this development , I truly ca n't understand the appeal of this so-called “ mega-fight. ” It will be nothing more than a high-gloss farce .
The @ FloydMayweather @ NotoriousMMA fight is DONE and finalized . It will be held Aug. 26 in Las Vegas . https : //t.co/ZCIwr7Ewce — Kevin Iole ( @ KevinI ) June 14 , 2017
We 're talking about a boxing match between one of the greatest pugilists to ever strap on gloves , and a guy who has never boxed . If this was kickboxing or a mixed martial arts fight , I 'd be all in on it . McGregor trying to beat one of boxing 's all-time greats , is like me ( a guy with high school baseball experience ) trying to hit a home run off Aroldis Chapman . Would you plop down pay-per-view money to watch that ? Unless Chapman was getting paid to throw at my head , I sincerely doubt it .
The 28-year-old McGregor is the UFC 's most valuable commodity , so I truly do n't understand why the organization is willing to let them do this . He 's been a two-division world champion and is the current UFC lightweight champ . He 's entertaining as hell and has racked up a 21-3 record with 18 victories by knockout and one by submission . No one promotes an MMA fight like them either . This is a complete waste of their value to the company .
THE FIGHT IS ON . pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor ( @ TheNotoriousMMA ) June 14 , 2017
( For some reason , that 's Floyd Sr. in the above picture , which is either a really funny mistake by McGregor or a great joke . )
Yes , Mayweather recently turned 40 , but he 's still in incredible shape and , oh yeah , he 's 49-0 in their boxing career . Against McGregor , Floyd will do what they always do , dance , avoid taking punishment and pot-shot the Irishman until the fight is so lopsided it becomes tedious .
Given that McGregor was clearly gassed early in both fights against Nate Diaz , how are they going to survive 12 rounds against a guy used to spending 36 minutes in the ring ? I 'd be shocked if McGregor lasts seven rounds before their corner decides to stop things . It will be a pointless exercise by then .
I 'm begging people : do not waste your money on this fight . The promoters are going to demand $ 100 a pop for this and we all know it 's a joke going in . Do n't buy it . Demand they begin giving us the fights we want , not moronic matchups with predictable ends .
Save your money and watch something else .
No , Pocket-Lint is not turning into the Sennheiser tribute site , the problem is that universal German rival Beyerdynamic has returned to the studio level of audio equipment , content to let Sennheiser carpet the portables market with the kind of spread that Beyer boasted in the 1990s - and at the same time , updating the looks and prices to make them attractive enough to serially replace without necessarily repairing broken sets .
We first discovered the HD201s in Ireland and Sennheiser has such a large range we thought they were being sold off and discontinued at EUR€30 ( £20 ) - only to see that the `` if '' design trophy was awarded in its launch year ( 2005 ) . The cable measures 3m and there 's no take-up spool so the 201s are best for home use - if you want proper portability but with flexibility , the existing HD202s also have a 3m cable and a tidy to wind round the lengths of lead you do n't want bulging out of your pocket .
Put on the phones , even when new and brittle-sounding , and you 'll understand why the set won an award - they can be worn for hours without getting tired or causing earache - though in the summer you may have to have the cloth ready to wipe off the sweat .
Once the HD201s have been “ run in ” , you 'll find the most open sound heard in a pair of closed-back cans in a long time , as if you had speakers right next to your ears , which is how voices will sound .
This review took longer than expected because I was looking for faults , some way to trip up these cans with many more CDs than our test set , and it was almost impossible - you can crank up the volume through an amplifier only to find the music distorting - but at that level the listener would probably go deaf long before fussing about the loss of sound quality .
We took the first major challenge of testing : the soundtrack to Batman Begins . From the start , this album features sampled effects and powerful kettledrum rolls , which give bookshelf speakers a pounding . The Sennheisers lapped up the percussion with ease , allowing the listener to hear the whole orchestra with none of the parts drowning out . Kettledrums are also the star of the 11-minute main theme from Master and Commander , and the HD201s ' soundstage makes you feel like the drummers are in the room right next to you .
The string section is also crisp and sharp although since they are twice the price , the PC150 headset range manages some more subtlety where the tracks are solely comprised of strings without percussion . For Ave Maria by Calli as part of the Donnie Darko soundtrack , in spite of simply listening to it as the DVD end credits were playing , the soprano was not lost in the naturally bass-heavy background which deepened , nor was it as sibilant as older , even cheaper headphone sets . Its handling of classical music and film soundtracks is better than you have any right to expect for less than £20 .
The good news does n't stop there , when switching to rock and pop , the age-old problem of singles with louder recording levels than the same tracks on an album was tested with the song “ Discotheque ” by U2 . The album version was given enough of a bass boost that we were able to put the single on the shelf and stick with the whole “ Pop ” album .
The same improvement occurred with music from tape , which we had transferred to CD , although the production quality of Massive Attack 's “ Safe From Harm ” should be easy for any half-decent headphones to handle . We also updated our over-produced modern pop category with Do n't Cha by the Pussycat Dolls , and the ensemble of voices on the chorus was weighted and accurate , and the bouncing bass richer and deeper than expected .
Nothing is perfect though , and if you 're looking for any tangible flaw , it 's that bass is all that the HD201s will lend to your skinny weakling MP3s ( though not as much as the ridiculously high-end HD Master DJ-targeted range ) . We were listening on a Marantz CD Player , which could supply enough bass through its headphone socket to make it worthwhile . Without proper amplification you would need to crank up the level of your recordings in a package like Goldwave to get the best out of the headphones , another reason to keep the HD201s at home - through a 900-series Sony Minidisk Walkman , the sound was good but quiet without some digital trickery to crank up the volume of recordings before transferring to MD .
Price when reviewed :
£17 Check current price
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill has come under-fire from Birmingham City supporters after yet another defeat .
The Blues were beaten for the ninth time on the road this season as they lost 1-0 to Fulham .
Jeremie Boga missed a penalty for Birmingham after Sheyi Ojo had handed the hosts the lead .
Cotterill 's side sit in the Sky Bet Championship relegation zone – with four wins from 21 games this season .
The former Robins boss - who led them to the League One title and a win in the Johnstone 's Paint Trophy final some years ago – failed to really acknowledge the 4,000 travelling fans after the game , which landed them in a bit of hot water .
Cotterill was asked if he 'd like to say something to the loyal supporters , and they responded : “ I suppose I have n't really got one at the moment , ''
They went on to add : “ Of course I do [ understand frustrations ] , they have had it for a long time . Of course I do . And I take the brunt of it do n't I ? ”
A couple of players and Cotterill then spoke to a few fans as they boarded the team coach . Cotterill was captured on video talking to fans on the other side of the street . Some fans have since weighed in to pay their respect to him .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
.... Watch the video from about 11 minutes ....
One supporter said to a Blues player : `` The manager has no idea . ”
Blues defender Harlee Dean then answered a question from a fan : “ We 're trying mate , ” they said .
Cotterill ‘ s tenure at BS3 ended in January 2016 and a few days before this they had a bust-up with a City fan at Ashton Gate .
They were sacked and replaced by Lee Johnson , who led them to safety in the Championship .
The Robins currently sit third in the league under former midfielder Johnson .
It 's a new year , and 2017 is going to really have to pack a punch to top the incredible line-up of shows 2016 brought . After an insane New Year Eve weekend , we 're shifting back into slow season for big shows at venues like the Pepsi Center or Red Rocks . That makes now a better than ever time to dive into the local music scene with one ( or two ) of the many Denver bands playing this week . Check out some of our local and not-so-local recommendations below .
Monday , January 2
Recommended : McKay Brothers @ Appaloosa Grill
This brother duo has quite a history in music . One is a classically trained pianist , and both have established solo careers . Together , they make blues and soul music , as well as cover artists along the lines of John Prine ( who recently announced a show at Red Rocks ) , Bob Dylan , the Grateful Dead and more . Check them out for free this Monday at Appaloosa Grill .
Get tickets here .
Also see :
Panties at the Bar ! ( Burlesque and Bands ) @ 3 Kings Tavern
Tuesday , January 3
Recommended : The Kinky Fingers , Flaurel , Last of the Easy Riders , DJ Scott Beck @ Hi-Dive
The Kinky Fingers are a surf and soul rock group who has made waves of their own on and off in the Denver area for years . The band is looking to sauce up the waters of 2017 , and with recent release The WORST OF , they do not appear to be joking around . Read more about The Kinky Fingers in our Q & A with the band here . – Denby Gardiner
Get tickets here .
Also see :
Powerman5000 , Death Valley High , Orgy , Knee High Fox and more @ Herman 's Hideaway
Dear Rabbit , Magpie , Tyler Seton @ Lost Lake
DJ Digg @ Ophelia 's Electric Soapbox
Kaitlyn “ Kdubbs ” Williams , Julian Cary Collective @ Dazzle Jazz
Overslept , Silver & Gold , The Left Hand Shakes , VYNYL @ The Marquis Theater
Bigwheel Electrosoul @ Appaloosa Grill
Jamboree Open Jam w/ Local musicians jamming out @ Be On Key Psychedelic Ripple ( Every Tuesday )
Wednesday , January 4
Recommended : Reel Big Fish , Anti-Flag , Ballyhoo ! , Direct Hit ! @ The Ogden Theater
Californian ska rock group Reel Big Fish will be headlining The Ogden Theater this week with Anti-Flag . Having been performing since '97 they still tour and release music , growing larger every step of the way . Check out this quirky punk group along with a packed lineup of artists this Wednesday .
Get tickets here .
Also see :
Clayton Wyatt Music , Burnt Bridge Masons @ Herman 's Hideaway
Khabu Young , Rico Jones @ Dazzle Jazz
Steam Wednesdays w/ Andy Immerman Music @ Bar Standard
The Pharos , On Repeat , The Ephinjis @ Lost Lake
Pross , Elora Zamar , Typhy , Connor Ray @ Larimer Lounge
Lo Mismo , Yao Guai , Space Jail @ 3 Kings Tavern
Gogo Lab @ Appaloosa Grill
Thursday , January 5
Recommended : Chrisette Michele , Raheem DeVaughn @ The Ogden Theater
Stopping at Denver 's Ogden Theater on their Milestone Tour , Chrisette Michele is not to be missed . Combining hip-hop , r & b and soul with underlying femininity and romance , Michele has topped Billboard charts and even won a Grammy along the way . Not only does Michele sing and perform , they started and owns the Rich Hipster record label as well as a clothing line under the same name .
Get tickets here .
Also see :
Joseph Lamar , Mikey Smith @ Dazzle Jazz
Wheelhouse , The Get Together , Chella and the Charm @ Hi-Dive
Randall Dubis @ Appaloosa Grill
Dirt @ Goosetown Tavern
Lyrical Landlordz CD Release @ Lost Lake
Southern Fryed , Randy Burghardt @ Globe Hall ( National Western Stock Show Kick Off Party )
Aaron Watson @ Grizzly Rose
The Blackeyed Saints , American Dischord and more @ 3 Kings Tavern
Dexter Payne , Marrakech Express @ Ophelia 's Electric Soapbox
Nappy Roots , Dassarao x Jeraff , J.O.B @ Cervantes ' Masterpiece Ballroom
Friday , January 6
Recommended : Lucid Vision , Spectacle , Nobide , Homemade Spaceship , TwoScoops @ The Bluebird Theater
Denver 's home to many an EDM fan , and no act is as exciting to these fans as Lucid Vision . In the last few years , this one man journey of livetronica has taken the 303 by storm , playing all over the area alongside consistent fire lineups and excellent fan turnouts . Having cited successful local influences like Sunsquabi , Bass Physics and Illenium , you can get a feel of where their creations stem from if you have not already taken the jump into their sound.he will be donating 10 % of the proceeds from the upcoming Bluebird event to charity , proving that jamming Lucid Vision is n't just good for your ears , it 's good for humanity . Learn more about Lucid Vision here . – Denby Gardiner
Get tickets here .
Also see :
Carnelian Cube EP Release , Doomsday for the Destroyer , Hemingway Hero , Fighting the Phoenix and more @ Moon Room
The Caveat CD Release Show , WiddlyWah , The Source and more @ The Marquis Theater
Bowie Fest w/ Shady Elders , Turvy Organ , The Savage Blush , OKO TYGRA , Ancient Elk and more @ Hi-Dive
All Chiefs , Your Own Medicine , Not Quite Kings and more @ Herman 's Hideaway
Eli Young Band , Hudson Moore @ Grizzly Rose
Chris Knight , John Statz @ Soiled Dove Underground
The Bluegrass Generals @ Cervantes
Cowboy Dave Band @ Globe Hall ( National Western Stock Show Kick Off Party )
We 's Us , Workshy , Midwest Rebellion @ Larimer Lounge
Under The Radar : Singer / Songwriters You Should Be Listening To @ The Walnut Room
David Bromberg Quintet @ The Oriental Theater
Bear Antler , Bottle Rocket Science , The Threadbarons @ Lost Lake
Saturday , January 7
Recommended : Khemmis , Abrams , Pueblo Escobar @ Larimer Lounge
We did n't forget about you rock fans , and with Khemmis on the the scene , it was easy to remember . Turn 'em up loud because that 's how they like it . If you have not tuned into these doom rock and rollers , you are missing out . Learn more about Khemmis , their music and their thoughts on Denver 's music scene in our Q & A here . – Denby Gardiner
Get tickets here .
Also see :
Vienna Tang @ Soiled Dove Underground
Desert Dwellers , Kalya Scintilla , EVE OLUTION , Kaminanda , HÄANA , kLL sMTH @ The Ogden Theater
Rob Drabkin , Brent Cowles , Eric Halborg ( of Dragondeer ) @ The Bluebird Theater
Glenn McLaughlin @ Infinite Monkey Theorem
A Bears Choice @ The Walnut Room
Randy Rogers Band @ Grizzly Rose
The Bluegrass Generals @ Cervantes
Wildermiss , Tomahawk Fox @ Globe Hall ( National Western Stock Show Party )
Kessel Run , Green Hit @ Be On Key Psychedelic Ripple
Dressy Bessy , Wheelchair Sports Camp , SPELLS @ Hi-Dive
The Tom Petty Project & Denver Dream Police – STYX Tribute @ The Oriental Theater
Funkiphino , Eu Tu Oblivion , Wendy Clark Band @ Herman 's Hideaway
The Delta Bombers , Brent Loveday and the Dirty Dollars , The Michael Scott Band @ The Marquis Theater
Bear Antler @ 3 Kings Tavern
Jus ' Sayin ' @ Appaloosa Grill
Anja Schneider , Queen Beats , Desi @ Club Vinyl
Sunday , January 8
Recommended : Ufer , LYFTD @ Larimer Lounge
Local reggae / jazz group Ufer will be headlining Larimer Lounge this Sunday night . Noted for heavy audience involvement and being interested in “ shredding , babes and jamming , ” this show is a shoo-in for a fun evening . At a ticket price of only $ 8-10 , this is an affordable and fun option for your Sunday Funday .
Get tickets here .
< a href= ” http : //ufermusic.bandcamp.com/track/come-at-me ” > Come at Me by Üfer < /a >
Also see :
The Adam Bodine Trio , Gypsy Swing Review @ Dazzle Jazz ( Urban Brunch )
Afton Showcase @ Cervantes
ROME - Italy granted citizenship to terminally-ill British toddler Alfie Evans on Monday ( April 23 ) , in a bid to facilitate their transfer to a hospital in Rome after the British Supreme Court upheld a ruling to turn off their life support .
The 23-month-old child has been in a coma for over a year and needs a ventilator to keep them breathing due to a rare degenerative neurological condition .
Their parents want to take their son to be treated at the paediatric Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome , which is administered by the Vatican .
`` Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano and Interior Minister Marco Minniti have granted citizenship to little Alfie . The Italian government hopes that being Italian will allow the immediate transfer of the child to Italy , '' said a statement from the Foreign Affairs Ministry .
On Monday , the director of Bambino Gesu , Mariella Enoc , and an anaesthetist went to the Alder Hey hospital where Alfie is being treated in Liverpool , northwest England , but the establishment 's management did not want to meet with them , Italian agency AGI reported .
Photo : AFP
The case has drawn the support of Pope Francis who has on two occasions called for the toddler 's life to be prolonged .
But last week , Alfie 's parents lost a last-ditch legal bid in Britain to keep their son alive .
Tom Evans and Kate James had made an application to the Supreme Court to have the case re-examined after exhausting all other legal appeals for Alfie .
Evans ' parents wanted the European Court of Human Rights to examine issues surrounding the case , but ECHR judges rejected their bid .
The toddler has been hospitalised continuously since December 2016 , suffering from chronic seizures .
On Monday , around 200 protesters gathered outside the hospital shouting , `` Save Alfie Evans . '' A large group then attempted to storm the entrance before being blocked by police .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's a bad day for Billy as the funeral parlour fridges break ahead of a visit from Les . Pam arrives instead and unhappy with their explanations , they sack Billy and makes Jay temporary manager .
The Ahmeds host lunch for Daisy 's new adoptive parents but Mariam worries whether they are up to the job .
Mel 's thrilled to be reunited with their son , Hunter , but their elation is short-lived after they learn the truth about their dad .
Billy vows to tell Honey that he 's lost their job , but ends up admitting that they slept with Tina , leaving them reeling .
( Image : BBC )
Honey is still stunned by Billy 's confessions but when the day brings another revelation , is there any hope for their marriage ?
As Hunter searches for information about Steve Owen , Mel struggles to find the right words to answer theirs questions .
After Michelle sees Stacey putting the kids into a cab , Martin rushes over and they end up having an angry showdown in the Square .
( Image : BBC )
Mariam and Arshad bid an emotional farewell to Daisy then head home where they ponder over their future as foster carers .
EastEnders , BBC1 , Monday , Tuesday , Thursday and Friday
LONDON ( AP ) — Global stocks rose on the first day of 2017 , though trading volumes were thin as many major markets observed New Year 's holidays .
KEEPING SCORE : Germany 's DAX was up 0.9 percent at 11,580 and France 's CAC 40 was 0.4 percent higher at 4,881 . Britain 's FTSE 100 , which closed at a record high on Friday , remained closed .
UPBEAT DATA : Markets were buoyed by a report showing the manufacturing sector in the 19-country eurozone grew at the fastest rate in 68 months in December . The so-called purchasing managers ' index rose to 54.9 points from 53.7 points in November . Also helping sentiment was a report published Sunday showing that China 's manufacturing sector continued to expand in December , though at a slightly slower pace than the month before .
ANALYST TAKE : “ While the eurozone seems to have ended 2016 on the up in economic terms , we are concerned that GDP growth could be increasingly hampered in 2017 by political uncertainties , ” said Howard Archer , global economist at IHS Markit . Those uncertainties include Britain 's formal start to talks to leave the European Union and elections in France and the Netherlands , where far right parties that favor leaving the euro are expected to do well .
Advertisement
HOLIDAY IMPACT : Trading was slow as many markets were closed to observe the New Year 's holiday . Besides Britain , markets were closed in Japan , China and Hong Kong and were due to remain shut in New York . Of those that did trade in Asia , India 's Sensex ended the day 0.1 percent lower at 26,595.45 while South Korea 's KOSPI was flat at 2,026.16 .
CURRENCIES : The dollar started the new year with broad gains in currency markets . It was at 117.30 yen , up from 117.00 the previous day . The euro was trading at $ 1.0481 , from $ 1.0443 .
Trading in several commodities , including crude oil , was closed on Monday .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Contestant Robert White was SHOVED by Big Narstie after trying to dance with them on Britain 's Got More Talent .
The comedian , who made it through to Sunday 's live Britain 's Got Talent final , was celebrating their victory on the spin-off show when things got a little nasty .
As Anne-Marie performed on the ITV2 show , hosted by Stephen Mulhern , 41-year-old Robert , who has Asperger 's Syndrome , jokingly tried to dance with Big Narstie , grabbing hold of their wrist .
The rapper clearly had no interest though , and looked at the comedian before shoving them away with both hands , sending Robert flying backwards and out of the shot .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
The move made host Stephen pull an awkward face , but thankfully Robert was n't too upset about it .
They later took to Twitter to say they 'd made up afterwards .
They said : `` Big Narstie hi-fived , shook and then made up . No bad feelings from me . To me the visual joke was obvious ; the tiny guy dancing with the big guy , but not everyone thinks in comedy , so I think you should give the benefit of the doubt ''
Big Narstie re-tweeted Robert 's post and replied saying : `` my g all love f * * * * * g smash da final ''
However , viewers were n't impressed by the rapper 's actions and called on boss Simon to never have them back on the talent show .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One said : `` Dear @ SimonCowell I suggest @ bignarstie is never booked again for a show under your name . They just aggressively pushed Robert White live on BGMT when Rob tried to dance , absolutely disgusting behaviour , from an ignorant vile bully ''
Another wrote : `` Cant believe what I have just seen on BGMT . Can only be described as 'Big Narstie ' violently and aggressively pushing Robert White ''
While one said : `` Wtf did I just see at the end of Britain 's Got More Talent ? ! ! ! Big Nasty just pushing Robert White away ! ! ! Living up to their name ''
And another commented : `` Did I just see Big Narstie aggressively shove Robert White ? It did n't look remotely in jest . Was it just me ? ''
Robert later took to Twitter to thank people for their support during the semi-final .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
They said : `` Dear All , thank you for the nice messages and tweets . I literally ca n't reply to them all because my phone has gone into meltdown more than that time I opened up Grindr whilst watching a performance off 'sing-along The Sound of Music ' . But to everyone the deepest thanks ! ! ! ! ''
He 'd taken sly swipes at each of the judges during their semi-final performance with their comedy song , telling David Walliams they were obsessed with their `` heterosexual pretending '' and Amanda Holden that they were obsessed with `` trying to look young like they used to '' .
They also cheekily suggested Alesha Dixon was obsessed with `` dressing like a [ hooker ] '' and that the thing Simon Cowell loves the most about Britain 's Got Talent is their own voice .
* Britain 's Got Talent continues tonight at 7.30pm on ITV
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kim Jong-un 's half-brother hoped to defect from North Korea and start a new life in Europe just days before they were assassinated , a documentary claims .
Kim Jong-nam said they wanted to become a citizen in Switzerland amid growing fears for their safety , their friends told the BBC .
`` He [ Kim Jong-nam ] text me a message saying I 'll see you in Geneva , I 'll be back in 3 days , '' Mischa Aznavour told North Korea : Murder in the Family .
`` He felt more safe and more secure here , especially in Switzerland , '' another friend , Anthony Sahakian said .
`` Was they worried ? Yeah , would they be talking about moving to Europe if they are n't slightly worried ? Probably . ''
( Image : AFP )
( Image : YNA / KCNA )
On February 13 this year , Jong-nam died after being attacked by two women with a nerve agent at Kuala Lumpur International Airport , in Malaysia , while travelling from Macau under a pseudonym .
The death is under investigation but it is speculated that it was carried out by the North Korean government .
Suspects Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong , 28 , and Indonesian Siti Aishah , 25 , are in the custody of Malaysian police and awaiting trial .
Kim was the eldest son of former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il .
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : REUTERS )
They are thought to have fallen out of favour after embarrassing the regime in 2001 with a failed attempt to visit Tokyo Disneyland with a false passport , although Jong-nam said their loss of favour was due to advocating reform .
Jong-nam was exiled from North Korea in approximately 2003 , becoming an occasional critic of their family 's regime .
Kim Jong-un , their younger paternal half-brother , was named heir apparent in September 2010 .
There is new information on the Las Vegas shooter who took the lives of 58 people and injured 520 at the Route 91 Harvest Festival opening fire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino .
The shooter , Steven Paddock reserved two rooms at The Blackstone Hotel during this summer 's Lollapalooza Music Festival that took place from August 3 -6 . One of Chicago 's historic hotels on South Michigan Ave. sits directly across Grant Park where the music festival is held every early August . The sold out festival draws 100,000 attendees each day and is considered the hot ticket in town attracting known dignitary kids such as Malia Obama and others .
The hotel confirmed the shooter reserved rooms but never stayed during there in Chicago . Paddock may have scouted out sites around Fenway Park , the home of the Boston Red Sox team along with allegedly surveying another popular Las Vegas music event— “ Life is Beautiful ” Music Festival which took place Sept.22-24 . They rented several condos at the Ogden which has a direct line of vision on the concert grounds . Chance the Rapper was one of the featured acts on the program .
This recent public massacre has local and federal authorities reasserting how to execute stricter security around large public events . This includes this Sunday 's 40th Chicago Marathon race which will draw thousands along the various communities throughout the city . It 's estimated to impact $ 282 million in business and revenue streams to the Chicago economy .
`` It 's not just getting people introduced to the game , '' they say . `` It 's keeping them in the game . ''
Canada is fertile ground for Golftec 's data-based approach .
On a per-capita basis , some 21 per cent of Canadians have at least a passing interest in golf — second only to New Zealand , and roughly twice that of the United States . And yet when it comes to successful pro players , Canada pales in comparison to smaller places like Sweden and Australia .
`` We 're golf crazy . The unfortunate thing is we 're not necessarily very good , '' Suttie says . `` That is one of the things that I think we really could do a lot better at : getting the country better from a golfing standpoint . ''
After just seven years in Canada , Golftec represents a whopping 19.5 per cent of all the private lessons taught in Canada , they say . That percentage is just under 26 per cent in the U.S. , where Golftec has been in operation since 1995 .
`` So we 're very quickly catching up to the penetration that the U.S. has , '' Suttie says .
`` We have a large percentage of very avid golfers , but we 're frankly not as good as the Americans are in golf , which is not a surprise because of the money that 's been spent there teaching . ''
Golfers themselves are n't the only ones reaping the benefits . For teaching professionals , high-tech tools can make traditional outdoor range instruction seem like working with a blindfold on .
`` It 's huge , '' says Druken , who like all Golftec instructors underwent a comprehensive training course at the U.S. parent company 's Denver headquarters .
Where traditional instruction has often struggled to help students understand the differences between `` feel '' and `` real , '' the scientific , numbers-oriented approach all but eliminates the uncertainty that can undermine progress , they preach .
`` It 's one thing to have theory about what you think the student should do , but to be able to measure gives you clear direction , and allows the student to buy into the process with trust , '' Druken says .
`` For a novice coach , the training they receive and the tools at their disposal allow them to have direction , even when they may not know how to act from previous experience . ''
To prove their point , Druken quickly diagnoses a visitor 's long-standing frustrations with swing plane , spotting a shoulder tilt that 's not where it should be . The Golftec system shows a yellow or red number — not good .
They activate an electronic tone that will only sound once the shoulder plane is in the green zone . A couple of false starts , then suddenly — beep ! — a picture-perfect position at the top of the swing that looks yanked from the pages of Golf Digest .
`` We 're a numbers-driven society , '' says Suttie . `` Once you start to understand the numbers , it makes it a lot easier to be able to communicate effectively , so you 're working on the right things . ''
The indoor element makes a difference , too . Working on a swing change in the middle of the golf season borders on the impossible for all but the most dedicated players , since it often means a difficult period of adjustment at the most inopportune time .
Building a new swing in the dead of winter , on the other hand ? What else were you planning to do besides shovel the driveway , scrape the ice off the windshield and maybe brave the mall for a relaxing bit of Christmas shopping ?
`` That is a great way of practicing , as opposed to going to the driving range and pounding balls for an hour , which is what I used to do all the time , '' says Suttie .
`` It never got me better . ''
By James McCarten , The Canadian Press
Editorial cartoon ( Photo : Sean Delonas )
Who 's watching school spending ?
Friday 's News Journal editorial `` Improve information on school spending , '' while making several insightful points , missed one key to controlling the expenditure of $ 1.3 billion in Delaware tax dollars .
Where are the internal auditors in each school district ? One may only assume there are none !
Otherwise , the report of our State Auditor , Tom Wagner , may have cited the malfeasance of the internal auditors in the latest financial fiasco of a government controlled by the Democrats .
Every Delaware state agency has , or should have , an internal auditor who on a continuous basis reviews financial transactions as they occur to ensure compliance with budgetary policy and procedures .
If I am mistaken , and the school districts do have internal auditors , perhaps it would be prudent for Wagner to investigate them and their superiors .
Dave Graham
Smyrna
Help fight invasive plants
The recent article in The News Journal regarding invasive plants in Delaware has prompted me to write this letter . A group of volunteer invasive plant warriors has been removing invasive plants at the Judge Morris section of White Clay Creek State Park for the past 1.5 years .
We go out at least once a week for a couple hours ( generally Thursday mornings ) , except during shotgun season , thunderstorms , and when there is significant snow cover . The park staff help to guide us , but those with knowledge of plants are needed , as are those to help physically remove the plants .
We have been making progress , but the more help and strong backs we can get to help will go a long way in shortening the task . There is work for all levels , from heavy pulling and cutting , to easy-to-remove vines .
All help is welcome ! Come when you can . It 's a great group of volunteers and what better way to spend some time outside with nature than helping improve the park . Contact Van Adams at Van.Adams @ state.de.us for additional information .
Terri Tipping
Wilmington
Let 's create more Delaware habitat
Sen. Stephanie Hansen and the Task Force only considered developments and open space . It 's true about non-native species needing to be addressed , but bird species that depend on forest cover can be better served by creating a habitat on farmland .
If a buffer was to be installed on one side of the thousands of miles of drainage ditches we have on the peninsula , quail , rabbit , butterflies like the Monarch , dragonflies , reptile and amphibian species would have acres of sustainable livable space .
Prior to technology improvements , the farmer needed a space between the ditch and the area tilled , and this buffer offered the needed living space for several species of animals . If the farmer were offered compensation to place a buffer on one side of the ditch , allowing the other side to be used for a right-of-way for the conservation districts to place spoil from clean outs , a healthy habitat for many species would be re-established .
Milkweed and other natural vegetation could grow and solar panels could be placed in these buffers to generate the funds required for compensation . A farmer could receive , over a 25-year lease , over $ 20,000 per acre and the state would be able to reach their goal of 20 percent renewable by 2020 at zero cost to the state .
Just something to think about .
David O. Rickards
Frankford
Christmas tree on 202 a welcome sight
For as long as I can remember , I have always been delighted with the large pine tree decorated with white lights at the entrance to the Brandywine Commons Shopping Center on U.S. 202 . I just wanted to say thanks to the management/owners of that complex for their generosity in providing such a stunning Christmas decoration on a rather unattractive stretch of U.S. 202 .
That tree reminds me ( in a small way ) of the Rockefeller Center tree . There is nothing commercial about it , just a simple , elegant lighted tree that stands tall against the sky . You will never know how many thousands of travelers every day that have seen that tree and been brightened by it .
Richard Heiss
Wilmington
SPEAK UP Send your take to letters @ delawareonline.com . All reader-submitted content must include a name , home address and a phone number for verification . Verification does not guarantee publication . For more information , click here or contact engagement editor Matthew Albright at malbright @ delawareonline.com or ( 302 ) 324-2428 .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/opinion/readers/2017/12/11/whos-watching-school-spending-letters-editor/939853001/
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Peter Andre is keeping part of their part hidden from their four-year-old daughter .
The proud dad-of-four has revealed that little Amelia is being kept in the dark - when it comes to their 1996 hit single Mysterious Girl .
The star , who shares kids Junior , 12 , and Princess , 10 , with ex Katie Price as well as Amelia and Theo , 17 months , with second wife Emily , says their youngest girl has never heard the song .
While their older kids are well aware of their pop star past , the younger ones are just beginning to figure out what they do for a living , and how they earned their fame .
( Image : Flynet )
( Image : peterandre/instagram )
The singer told New ! magazine that Amela is a big fan of their new music but that she 's never had the pleasure of listening to their classic tunes .
They said : `` She does n't know any of my old stuff though . ''
And when it was suggested they play some for her , they added : `` I guess , but I guess they can come across it when she 's older and have a right laugh with them friends . ''
Pete also praised their `` daddy 's girl '' , saying they `` does n't forget a thing '' .
They added : `` When we read them a story , the next time we read it , she 'll know it word for word . ''
( Image : Capital Pictures )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Meanwhile , Pete 's wife , Emily MacDonagh , recently spoke out after having their iCloud hacked as they revealed the truth behind stolen pictures which surfaced online .
Writing in their latest OK ! column , they downplayed the snaps and insisted they were innocent in content .
`` It was a storm in a teacup as it was made to seem indecent in the same way as some celebrities who have had their private photos hacked , but they certainly were n't , '' they said .
`` One photo looks like something the kids took by accident , just of me getting changed on holiday .
`` It just goes to show how things can be portrayed in totally the wrong way . It is unnerving to think that someone has been able to access our private photos .
`` It 's an unwelcome intrusion and one I hope does n't happen again . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hollyoaks viewers were left sobbing after tonight 's episode , as Scott Drinkwell was sectioned .
After Diane O'Connor left viewers enraged with their response to their suicide bid in last night 's episode , Scott attempted to sneak out wearing a makeshift magician 's costume tonight , carrying on as normal .
They turned up at Nightingales ' to perform their magic show , but Tony Hutchinson and Diane told them their gig had been cancelled .
Having spotted them out , Lily and Farrah arrived but fragile Scott locked themselves in the kitchen and started trashing the place .
Diane eventually got through to Scott , and they offloaded all their feelings on to them
They promised to look after him , but told them they needed to go back to hospital first `` for the best '' .
Scott agreed and viewers were left in tears at the emotional moment Farrah took them away .
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
One cried : `` Sobbing me heart out at hollyoaks . It just shows you can be the happiest person on the outside . But deep down you can be so lonley and sad ( sic ) . ''
Another added : `` Scotty is braking me heart ( sic ) . ''
A third sobbed : `` Just watched an episode of Hollyoaks and Scott 's strory broke my heart a little . ''
It comes after viewers were left angry at Diane 's reaction to Scott in last night 's E4 episode .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
After waking up from their coma , Scott confessed the reasons behind their suicide attempt .
Scott told Tony Hutchinson : `` I 'm worthless . I do n't deserve to be here . ''
They then told Diane , who was insisting they should be discharged from hospital : `` It was n't a mistake . I 've been unhappy , and I did mean to kill myself . ''
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
But viewers were shocked as they screamed : `` We take you in and this is how you repay us ?
`` You 're a selfish , ungrateful little boy ! ''
Viewers started calling for the character to be killed off , with one adding : `` Can they pls kill Diane off , shes being a b * * * h to my baby scott . ''
Another said : `` Please get Diane out . Kill them out of the show . What a disgrace . ''
A third agreed : `` Seriously Hollyoaks please consider getting rid of Diane during the next village disaster . She 's absolutely awful . ''
* Hollyoaks continues on E4 tomorrow at 7pm
Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Black boys raised in America , even in the wealthiest families , still earn less than adults than white boys with similar backgrounds . That 's according to a new study from the Equality of Opportunity Project , which looked at U.S. Census data to study the lives of 20 million children .
— The FBI had leaned heavily on Steele 's tips to renew a warrant to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page . The warrant was renewed in October 2013 . Federal officials had previously monitored Page as early as 2013 , amid concern they were a Russian asset .
— Federal officials did not disclose the partisan payments to Steele when they sought the warrant in national-security court .
—Several senior officials signed off on the warrant request , with one key name on that list : Rod Rosenstein . They are now the top Justice Department official in change of the Russia investigation . If they were fired and replaced with someone more hostile to the probe , their successor could either end the investigation or set new rules to constrain it .
Trump was asked whether they wanted to fire Rosenstein and replied : `` You figure that one out . ''
But the document unveiled Friday fell short of the more hyperbolic previews offered by Trump 's staunchest allies .
One memorable example was Fox News prime-time host Sean Hannity , who predicted it would be worse than Watergate and would end the Mueller investigation by proving that it rested on a faulty foundation .
`` Your witch hunt is now over , '' Hannity declared on their show a few days ago .
There 's a glaring weakness in the argument that the document fatally undermines the Russia probe .
It 's pointed out in the document itself , in the final paragraph on the final page . The document confirms that the FBI counter-intelligence probe into the Trump campaign ties with Russia began in July — three months before the events described in the memo .
It says the FBI probe started in July 2016 as the result of a tip regarding another Trump aide , George Papadopoulos . Recent news reports have said the tip involved Papadopoulos disclosing over drinks with a European diplomat that the Russians had Hillary Clinton 's emails .
Papadopoulos has since pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI , and is now co-operating with the Mueller probe .
Democrats dismissed the document as a dud , at best . At worst , they cast it as a dishonest work of partisan origami that cuts around inconvenient facts that remain classified and are central to the case .
Their view was shared by the fired head of the FBI who originally launched the Russia probe .
`` That 's it ? '' James Comey tweeted .
`` Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House ( intelligence ) committee , destroyed trust with ( the ) Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with ( the national-security ) court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen .
`` For what ? ( Department of Justice ) & FBI must keep doing their jobs . ''
There was also criticism from the Republican side .
Sen. John McCain blasted unnamed people from their own party attacking law enforcement , and undermining an important probe into Russian election-meddling : `` The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party 's , no president 's , only ( Vladimir ) Putin 's , '' McCain said in a statement .
`` If we continue to undermine our own rule of law , we are doing Putin 's job for him . ''
Other Republicans took a nuanced view .
They said it was important to see the memo , which they say raises troubling questions about civil liberties and whether espionage processes were properly followed . On the other hand , they remained committed to the Russia investigation .
`` I ... remain 100 per cent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller , '' said Republican lawmaker Trey Gowdy .
A similarly balanced take came from Will Hurd — a Republican lawmaker who used to be an undercover CIA counter-terrorism agent . Hurd voted for the release of the document , but explained in a Washington Post opinion piece that they want the Mueller investigation to continue .
The Canadian Press
First Woman To Wear A Boston Bib Races Again , 50 Years Later
Enlarge this image toggle caption Paul Connell/Boston Globe via Getty Images Paul Connell/Boston Globe via Getty Images
Kathrine Switzer , the first woman to officially enter the Boston Marathon , returned to the course 50 years after they made history — finishing in 2017 with a time of 4:44:31 .
When Switzer ran in 1967 , they were 20 , and entered as `` K.V . Switzer '' — so none of the race organizers would know they were a woman . When they were discovered , after the marathon had already started , the race director tried to rip their bib numbers off their back .
Switzer finished anyway , and came back eight more times . In their later races , no subterfuge was necessary . And in 2017 Switzer , now 70 , was cheered , not met with rage .
At the point where they were once confronted by that race official , they posted a Facebook Live video — smiling as they ran , with their bib number , 261 , pinned safely in place .
Before the race , Switzer spoke with NPR about the day they made history .
They noted that a woman had already run the course once — without entering . Bobbi Gibb hid in the bushes by the starting line and snuck into the mass of runners as they passed , finishing in 3:21:40 .
Still , despite proof that women could clearly complete marathons , the athletic world generally assumed that women `` could n't run and did n't want to run '' that far , Switzer says .
The longest distance women were allowed to run in the Olympics at that time was 800 meters .
`` It was feared that anything longer was going to injure women , that they would n't be able to have children or they somehow turned into men , '' they told NPR .
`` 'You 'll never have children , ' they said . 'You 're going to get big legs . You 're going to grow hair on your chest . ' It was hilarious , the myths .
`` And , of course , when people hear myths , they believe them — because to try otherwise might mean damaging yourself . So people were afraid and they just went about their lives that way and restricted themselves . ''
Switzer 's coach in 1967 was a 15-time Boston Marathoner and did n't think a woman could do it — which energized Switzer to try . ( She changed their mind as they were training for the race , when they ran 31 miles during one session , SB Nation reports . )
So they entered the marathon , following all the proper procedures and just , well , neglecting to mention they were female .
Switzer told NPR 's Lulu Garcia-Navarro what happened when they were discovered :
`` At about a mile and a half into the race , the press truck went by us , and they saw that I was a woman in the race wearing numbers and they began taking pictures . And alongside of the photographer 's truck came the officials ' press truck . And the race director [ Jock Semple ] was on the truck and the guys were teasing him . `` And they got so angry that there was a girl in the race that they stopped the bus and jumped off it and ran after me and attacked me in the race and tried to pull off my bib numbers , screaming at me , 'Get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers . ' `` And I was just blindsided by this . I was terrified . I was scared . And my boyfriend came along with a full streak and gave the official a cross-body block and sent them out of the race instead . You know , we laugh about it now because it 's so funny when a girl is saved by their burly boyfriend . But ... I said to my coach immediately after the incident : ' I have to finish this race now because if I drop out of this race , nobody 's going to believe that women are serious . ' ``
Switzer finished the race in four hours and twenty minutes .
As the years went on they advocated for women to be admitted as full competitors — and kept running more and more marathons . They won the New York City marathon in 1974 . And they competed in Boston several more times , placing second in the women 's race in 1975 with a time of 2:51 , their personal best .
Spitzer said their return to the race in 2017 was a way to , `` celebrate the fact , first of all , that I can run — that I 'm capable of doing it , amazingly enough , and I 'm very , very grateful for that .
`` And I 'm also very grateful for the opportunity to thank a city and the streets that changed my life , '' they said , `` and help to empower millions of women all around the world and change the face of the sport . ''
A heartbreaking video of an emaciated polar bear is going viral online .
The video , shot by National Geographic photographer Paul Nicklen , was taken in Canada inside the Arctic Circle .
It shows the starving bear struggling to walk , scavenging for anything to eat . Nicklen said they did n't want the bear to die in vain .
In the days since they posted the footage , Nicklen said he 's been asked why they did n't intervene .
“ Of course , that crossed my mind , ” Nicklen told National Geographic . “ But it 's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat . ”
Plus , in Canada , feeding polar bears is illegal . That does n't mean Nicklen was n't affected .
“ We stood there crying—filming with tears rolling down our cheeks , ” they said .
The video also has definitely struck a nerve with those who have viewed it , prompting a steady conversation about the sensitive topic of global warming .
Experts say the half-ton bears find large quantities of seals on sea ice . They 're even used to not having food for several months during the summer while they wait for the ice to form again .
But warming temperatures and rising seas have prevented the ice from solidifying , and polar bears are staying longer on the land looking for food , often times with little success , environmentalists say .
“ When scientists say bears are going extinct , I want people to realize what it looks like . Bears are going to starve to death , ” Nicklen told National Geographic . “ This is what a starving bear looks like . ”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pop singer Fergie has stripped completely naked to drum up interest for their return to the music scene .
The 42-year-old posed for a cheeky snap which they dutifully shared on Instagram on Sunday .
Fergs - who quit the Black Eyed Peas earlier this year to focus on their solo music - can be seen looking over their shoulder in the smoldering black and white image .
Wearing just a pair of strapped heels , the former chart topper looks completely confident as they strike a pose for the camera .
The singer - real name Stacy Ferguson - shared the images with the cryptic words tick ” and “ tock ” .
Fergs may be counting down their return to chart prominence - however their recent singles have failed to set the music world alight .
Them 2014 single L.A. Love ( La La ) hit Number 3 in the UK , while 2016 follow-up single M.I.L.F. $ stalled at number 56 and subsequent tune Life Goes On bombed - failing to chart entirely .
( Image : Rex Features )
Fergie has since been ditched by their record label , Interscope , but has since established their own imprint under BMG .
Fergie 's debut solo album , The Dutchess , was released in September 2006 - while the sequel , Double Dutchess , is yet to secure a release date .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
After several weeks in a coma , Rebecca White has finally woken up - and Lachlan is n't the only one who wo n't be too happy to see them
Rebecca was involved in a car crash caused by their suicidal and homicidal nephew which resulted in the death of their father Lawrence and sister Chrissie .
Lachlan has tried desperately to conceal what really happened to their loved ones and was at one point tempted to kill their aunt to prevent them from revealing what really happened .
However their worst fears arrived at the end of tonight 's episode as Rebecca finally opened them eyes .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
And while many viewers were happy to see that Rebecca was finally awake , some Robron fans were much less thrilled .
Many are unwilling to forgive and forget the fact that Rebecca was the reason that much-loved couple Robert Sugden and Aaron Dingle split up .
Things went south for the couple early last year when Aaron was left struggling when imprisoned and ended up getting involved in drugs .
This lead them to try and put some distance between themselves and husband Robert , who took this very badly .
( Image : Generics )
( Image : ITV Picture Desk )
Robert got drunk back at home and ended up sleeping with Rebecca , who became pregnant with their baby son Seb .
Despite trying to make it work , Aaron found the fact that they were going to be the father of someone else 's baby too difficult and the pair split up .
So , some fans blame Rebecca for the heartbreaking split .
But there is some good news for Robron fans , regardless , as the pair are set to get back together at the end of this month !
* Emmerdale returns on Monday at 7pm on ITV
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) — Just when John Gibson thought he 'd have an early night , the Anaheim Ducks ' goalie came back into the game and found another gear .
Corey Perry scored the decisive shootout goal , Ryan Kesler had a hat trick and Gibson made 51 saves to set career and franchise records in the Ducks ' 4-3 shootout victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Sunday night .
Kesler had their fourth career hat trick and the first since April 7 , 2011 , with Vancouver . Gibson faced a career-high 54 shots . Jonathan Bernier , who played briefly in the second period , made one save .
Carlyle pulled Gibson roughly three minutes into the second period after the giving up their third goal . Gibson had some words for their coach , but it turned out the benching was n't what they thought .
“ Randy said something to me when I got off the ice and we had a plan , ” Gibson said .
The plan was for simply for Gibson to reset and go back in at the next media timeout .
“ I told them they were going back in , ” Carlyle said . “ You really could n't fault them on the goals . It was poor defensive zone coverage from our perspective . ”
Philadelphia had a season-high 55 shots and limited Anaheim to 25 shots on goal . Travis Konecny , Sean Couturier and Brayden Schenn scored for the Flyers , and Steve Mason made 23 saves .
“ The more pucks you throw on net the better chance you have of scoring , ” Flyers forward Brayden Schenn said . “ Tonight , we never got that bounce that we were looking for , but offensively we generated a lot of chances . ”
The game was highlighted by a wild second period in which Kesler scored the third of their three goals , the Flyers scored twice to tie it at 3 and the Ducks changed goalies twice . The tone was set early when Kevin Bieksa and Wayne Simmonds engaged in a fight that ended with Bieksa ripping off Simmonds ' jersey and pads , leaving them to skate to the penalty box half-naked .
Anaheim was outshot 52-23 through regulation , but Gibson kept Anaheim in it in the third , effectively sending it into overtime .
“ He played a good game , ” Flyers forward Wayne Simmonds said . “ I thought we played really well . We played better than them . They played really well and as a result they have the two points and we do n't . ”
The Ducks had a golden opportunity to score in overtime when Rickard Rakell sped into the Flyers ' zone untouched but Mason denied the breakaway opportunity and the ensuing redirect on the rebound by Hampus Lindholm . With 40 seconds left , Michael Del Zotto launched a hard wrist shot but Gibson head-butted it away for the save .
Kesler finished their hat trick at 16:54 in the second period , but it was the only offense Anaheim could generate . Schenn and Couturier scored each scored in the next two minutes to tie it at 3 .
Kesler opened the scoring in the first period when they finished off a backhand feed from Korbinian Holzer at 7:55 . Konecny scored 19 seconds later to tie it at 1 , but Kesler scored again in the first period off a rebound at 16:54 , making it 2-1 .
NOTES : Anaheim lost captain Ryan Getzlaf in the third period . Getzlaf took one shift before leaving the game with a lower-body injury . … The Ducks are 2-9 in games past regulation this season . … The Flyers are now 8-5 in overtime . … Mason started two nights after being taken out of a game in San Jose with a hand injury . … Flyers D Radko Gudas also returned from an upper-body injury and R Matt Read ( oblique ) was activated from injured reserve . … Ducks D Sami Vatanen ( flu ) returned after a three-game absence .
UP NEXT
Flyers : Host New York Rangers on Wednesday night .
Ducks : Host Detroit on Wednesday night .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Real Madrid head to Levante knowing a victory would move them back above Valencia to third in the La Liga table .
Zinedine Zidane 's side desperately need to keep pace with league leaders Barcelona if they are to stand any chance of catching them .
The Los Blancos currently sit 19 points behind their Catalan rivals , and only a win will do here for the defending champions .
Opponents Levante are sitting precariously above the drop zone in 16th in the table , with just two points separating them and Deportivo La Coruna in 18th .
The Valencia-based side are without a league win in nine games , and will be hoping of causing an upset against Madrid 's superstars .
Follow all the action from the game here on Mirror Sport below .
Levante : Oier , Pier , Doukoure , Lerma , Morales , Coke , Ivi , Postigo , Lukic , Boateng , Luna
Subs : Vegas , Roger M. , Bardhi , Pazzini , Cabaco , Lopez , Jason
Real Madrid : Navas , Carvajal , Ramos , Varane , Marcelo , Kroos , Modric , Casemiro , Bale , Ronaldo , Benzema ,
Subs : Casilla , Nacho , Theo , Lucas V. , Asensio , Isco , Kovacic
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A US state is planning to begin a 'conveyor belt ' of death row executions tonight - despite court rulings that temporarily halted the lethal injections of eight inmates .
The orders , made by various federal and state judges , barred Arkansas , in the US , from carrying out the executions , including two planned for this evening .
But the state is hoping to win last-minute reversals of the decisions for convicted murderers Don Davis and Bruce Ward , and is still preparing for the executions to go ahead , prison spokesperson Solomon Graves told reporters today .
Each man facing the lethal injection has spent more than 20 years on death row .
Arkansas , which has not held an execution in 12 years , had planned to execute eight inmates over 11 days , the most of any state in that short a time since the US Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Reuters )
The state had set the expedited schedule because one of the drugs in its lethal injection mix , the sedative midazolam , expires at the end of April .
But critics have said rushing inmates to the death chamber is reckless and unconstitutional .
If carried out , tonight 's back-to-back executions will begin at 6pm Arkansas time , and 11pm GMT , at the state 's Cummins Unit in Grady , a small town about 75 miles southeast of Little Rock , the state 's capital .
But rulings by four judges have put the brakes on the Arkansas plan , which has drawn challenges from inmates and from
drug companies claiming the prison system deceived them over procurement .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Splash News )
On April 6 , US District Judge J.P. Marshall halted one of the eight executions , saying the expedited schedule did not allow proper time for considering clemency for inmate Jason McGehee . The state has not appealed that decision .
On Friday , the Arkansas Supreme Court halted Ward 's execution after lawyers for the inmate argued they were mentally incompetent . The state has appealed this decision .
Also on Friday , a state judge issued a temporary restraining order barring the state from administering one of three drugs it planned to use , vercuronium bromide .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Splash News )
On Saturday , US District Judge Kristine Baker granted a temporary injunction for all eight inmates that halted their
executions on grounds including that the state 's protocols violate US constitutional protections against cruel and unusual punishment .
The state has appealed this decision .
Baker also found that the state would deprive the inmates of adequate counsel because prison officials allow only a single lawyer to be present for any execution .
If the attorney had to rush out to file an emergency petition , it would deprive the inmate of a lawyer to witness the execution , Baker said .
Symposium Commemorates Soviet Culture , Bolshevik Centennial
Close This American propoganda poster highlights the Red Scare and how it impacted college campuses . Courtesy of the Department of Russian Courtesy of the Department of Russian This American propoganda poster highlights the Red Scare and how it impacted college campuses .
This year 's Clifford Symposium , which took place from Sept. 21 to 23 , centered on a topic of historical significance and , amid the turbulence of our present-day political landscape , renewed relevance . Entitled “ The Soviet Century : 100 Years of the Russian Revolution , ” the symposium consisted of panel discussions , screenings , and art performances across three days , allowing attendees to engage with material across a variety of mediums .
To celebrate the beginning of a weekend of inquiry and reflection , students , alumni and faculty enjoyed a Soviet Union-style dinner in Atwater dining hall , playfully renamed “ Stolovaya No . 6 ” for the evening of Sept. 21 .
In commemoration of the fortieth anniversary of the Middlebury School in the Soviet Union , Thomas Beyer , professor of Russian and East European Studies , shared stories about Middlebury students who traveled to Russia during the Soviet era .
“ The first thing that happened and happened every year for the next 12 years and ruined my August and summer vacations was that of the 15 students , only nine of them received visas , ” Beyer stated .
Students who studied abroad in Moscow in the fall of 1977 witnessed the sixtieth anniversary of the October Revolution , a Bolshevik uprising led by Vladimir Lenin that constituted the second part of the Russian Revolution and which was instrumental in dismantling the tsarist autocracy .
Kevin Moss , professor of Russian , reflected on their time spent at the Pushkin Institute , a public education center in Moscow , from 1981 to 1982 . There , Middlebury students studied alongside students from all across Eastern Europe who were training to become Russian teachers in their home countries .
Amid the general animosity of the era , residential life allowed for considerable intercultural exchange . Students from each country presented performances at celebrations hosted by the institution , though they often suspected that their dorms were under government surveillance .
“ In many ways , the capitalists and the socialists were kept apart at the institute . The directors from the capitalist countries would meet separately from the directors from the socialist countries , ” Moss recalled .
“ There were also some ideological clashes , particularly in '85 and '86 and '88 and '89 when the Soviet Union was already beginning to publish some people like Pasternak and thinking about Solzhenitsyn . In the early years , when the students would say that they had read in their literature courses Pasternak or Solzhenitsyn , the teachers would say , ‘ Surely you do n't think they will become part of the history of Russian Literature . ' ”
Nevertheless , students did not hesitate to make their opinions known by defacing posters of leaders of the Soviet Union or hanging the posters upside-down .
Besides a constant brewing of tension , the Soviet era was characterized by a sense of rigid uniformity . Moss recounted that stores were all operated by the state and labelled with generic names such as “ meat ” or “ fish. ” Aisles contained singular products , and on the rare occasions that a unique product ended up on the shelves , customers would flock to buy it .
The rest of the symposium shifted from reflections on lived experiences to analyses of political and sociocultural frameworks . Panels throughout the weekend offered insights and interpretations of events leading up to and surrounding the Soviet era .
In the opening remarks of a lecture entitled “ The Russian Revolution as a Utopian Leap , ” President Patton offered a framework in which to appreciate the significance of the Soviet era .
“ While discussion of the events of a century ago is far less burdened than it was during the Cold War era , it remains inherently political , ” Patton stated . “ There is not , after all this time , a single accepted narrative of the revolution and its meaning , and that itself is a fascinating thing to study . The interpretations have ranged and continue to range drastically depending on the individual 's political and philosophical views , nationality , social background and moment in time . ”
President Patton then welcomed the keynote speaker , Mark Steinberg . A professor of history at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , Steinberg specializes in the intellectual and social history of Russia and the Soviet Union in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries . They showed the audience an image of “ Angel of History , ” a 1920 monoprint by the Swiss-German artist Paul Klee , which would come to symbolize the rise of the Soviet regime .
“ For a lot of people who experienced the Russian Revolution , this seemed like a time of absolutely unbelievable possibility , like nothing anybody could expect with outcomes nobody could imagine , ” Steinberg stated . “ This was the possibility that one could overcome oppression . That one could overcome violence , in particular the oppressions and violence of an autocratic monarchy . One could overcome the inequities of the socioeconomic system , capitalism as some would call it . ”
The Russian Revolution marked a moment in history when wreckage was replaced by the construction of something completely new . A sense of rebirth permeated the cultural landscape .
“ This is why I think we find so many angels in the Russian Revolution , ” Steinberg said .
During the question-and-answer session , students and faculty members pushed back against the concept of the Russian Revolution as a “ leap ” into utopia , suggesting instead that the political shift constituted a “ fall ” into problematic ideals .
The far-reaching effects of Soviet ideology were further explored in a panel entitled “ The Revolution Abroad , ” in which four historians gathered to discuss the reception of communist ideas in Japan , East Germany and France .
Max Ward , Assistant Professor of History at the college , explained the impact of the Russian Revolution on ideas of communism in Japan . The October Revolution led to a phenomenon dubbed “ dangerous thought . ”
“ Communism was a crime of an ideological foreign threat , ” Ward said .
Andrew Demshuk , assistant professor of history at American University , analyzed influences of the October Revolution in East Germany . Following that , Nicholas Clifford , Professor Emeritus of History , covered the obsession with Maoist thought in France from 1966 through 1980 . During these years , many looked to Mao Zedong as a figure of communism more dominant than Khrushchev in the USSR . The largest of the Maoist groupings called themselves the gauche proletarians .
The Soviet era can not be understood solely through its communist ideology , however . Political rhetoric and creative expression informed and at times challenged one another amid the turbulence of the times . Moving beyond a purely political analysis of the Cold War era , a panel entitled “ Art in Revolution ” explored the manifestation of Soviet thought in Russian music and literature .
Steven Richmond , a professor at Johns Hopkins University and former student at the Middlebury School of Russian , framed the discussion by outlining the role of censorship before and during the Soviet era . During the tsarist regime , Soviet leaders , whom they described as “ creatures of censorship , ” were involved in the underground press . In 1922 , after the conclusion of the civil war , Soviet leadership created an official censorship bureau known as Glavlit . This new , centralized paradigm of censorship lasted until the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Next , Matthew Bengtson , Assistant Professor of Music at the University of Michigan , analyzed the role of Russian music from the mid-nineteenth to twentieth century . Drawing from their expertise in piano literature , they described the artistic landscape in nineteenth-century Russia as a “ tug of war between cosmopolitans and nationalists ” – those who looked to the West for inspiration and those who remained invested in local traditions . Tchaikovsky and Brothers Anton and Nikolai Rubinstein figured among the cosmopolitans , while the Mighty Five , Mili Balakirev , Modest Mussorgsky , and Alexander Borodin represented nationalist interests .
German philosophy , particularly the works of Nietzsche , strongly influenced the public 's perception of music as an artistic medium . During an era in which an apocalypse felt imminent , artists were positioned as prophets and seers , and the ability of music to transcend mere representation rendered it as the highest art form .
“ Music was abstract , and thus it could claim to be spiritual , ” Bengtson explained .
They acknowledged the subjectivity of historical accounts , describing this era as “ the most difficult period for us to relate to these days because the experience of the World Wars has informed our way of understanding the world . Of course , history is not written by the losers . ”
The role of art in response to a shifting political landscape was a central theme of the panel discussion . Bengtson noted that the abstract idealism of music challenged the premise of a Marxian society , in which everything is supposed to be concrete . Reflecting on this contradiction , they posed an inquiry to the audience : “ What happens to communist groups when they are forced to reject the notion of art ? ”
The rhetorical nature of this question mirrored the sense of open-ended exploration and multifaceted interpretation that characterizes the annual Clifford Symposium . Marking the centenary of the Russian Revolution , this year 's series of discussions , screenings , and exhibits probed deep into past to reflect on questions that continue to bear relevance in the twenty-first century . The Cold War era may be behind us , receding further and further into our collective historical memory , but the art , cultures , politics and economics of Soviet times have left behind a legacy whose multiple meanings we are still trying to unravel today . In highlighting the significance of the historical rupture of 1917 , this year 's Clifford Symposium served as a reminder to us all that the history books are never fully closed ; that there is always more to remember , to interpret , and to boldly and rigorously question .
Experts Say Denuclearizing North Korea Is No Small Task
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/Getty Images STR/Getty Images
Should President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meet after all next month in Singapore , their discussions will center on one seven-syllable word : denuclearization .
Trump sees denuclearization as North Korea giving up its entire nuclear weapons program . What they would like from the on-off possibly on-again Singapore summit , White House National Security Adviser John Bolton told Fox News , is `` the complete , verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea . ''
Trump themselves has allowed that may not be done in one fell swoop . Two days before declaring the June 12 Singapore summit was not going to happen , Trump was asked by a reporter if North Korea 's denuclearization should be `` all in one '' or incremental .
`` It would certainly be better if it were all-in-one , '' Trump replied . `` Does it have to be ? I do n't think I want to totally commit myself , but all-in-one would be a lot better . ''
Many North Korea watchers doubt there is any possibility a North Korea denuclearization will happen all at once .
`` If you look back at the nuclear negotiations that we had with Iran and how long that took and how many times that almost fell apart , '' says Lindsey Ford , a former Asia policy adviser at the Pentagon , `` it gives you a sense of the degree of difficulty actually trying to roll back a nuclear program . ''
Ford , who 's currently director of political-security affairs at the Asia Society Policy Institute , notes that unlike North Korea , Iran did not even possess nuclear weapons .
Step one for any denuclearization effort , according to Stimson Center senior fellow and 38 North website founder Joel Wit , would be removing the key elements of North Korea 's nuclear arms .
`` The weapons themselves , the materials associated with the weapons , which can be the actual nuclear material in the weapons and their non-nuclear components , `` says this former State Department coordinator for implementing the 1994 nuclear accord with Pyongyang , `` all of that has to leave North Korea . ''
Much remains unknown
Only North Korea knows for sure how many weapons it has and where they are kept . Still , Stanford University nuclear weapons expert Siegfried Hecker — the last American scientist to have seen North Korea 's nuclear facilities from the inside — says some things are known about North Korea 's stocks of plutonium , a human-made fissile material used in the relatively small nuclear warheads required for mounting on missiles .
Hecker , who 's visited North Korea seven times , says they have `` great confidence '' in estimates of how much plutonium North Korea could have produced and how much it has today , `` and that ranges in 20 to 40 kilograms — and it takes on the order of maybe five or six kilograms to make a bomb . ''
That would account for , at the most , eight nuclear weapons . Hecker says other evidence indicates North Korea may have 25 to 30 atomic bombs in all .
`` Could they have an overall bomb program that 's ten times as large ? No , '' says the former director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory . `` Could they have one that 's twice as large as what we think ? The answer is possibly . ''
Beyond those bombs , notes the Stimson Center 's Wit , there 's also the infrastructure associated both with the production of nuclear weapons and with research and development .
`` All of that , '' they say , `` would have to be identified and eventually dismantled . ''
Identifying what 's been part of a program cloaked in secrecy could prove a real challenge . North Korea has revealed little about its nuclear program to outsiders .
One exception has been Stanford 's Hecker . They recall that during their last visit to North Korea in 2010 , their hosts made a point of showing them around a cutting-edge uranium enrichment facility that appeared not to have been detected by spy satellites .
The needling message the North Koreans were sending by letting them inspect the facility , Hecker says , was , `` We 've done it in a building , you guys had no idea that we were doing it in this building . There may be other buildings like that . '' That 's not exactly how they said it , they add , `` but that was certainly my sense — they have other buildings and we do n't know where they are . ''
Which suggests North Korea could simply hide what it wants to keep . `` The North Koreans are very good at tunneling and putting things below ground , a lesson they learned from the Korean War when they were bombed heavily , '' Terry Roehrig of the U.S . Naval War College says , offering their own view of Pyongyang 's aims . `` So they have buried a lot of facilities . ''
North Korea 's nuclear scientists
It 's not just those facilities that will have to be dealt with . `` There are going to be folks still in North Korea who know and could restart this type of program covertly if they wanted to , '' says the Asia Society 's Ford .
Removing that nuclear brain trust from North Korea would likely be far harder than relocating their work product .
`` You ca n't be absurd and ask for 10,000 scientists to be shipped out , '' says Wit . `` You could ask for them to be redirected into civilian work — and have some assurance that that 's working by having an on-the-ground presence to make sure that 's what they 're doing . ''
What that means , says Stanford 's Hecker , is North Korea would have to give outside inspectors unfettered access to its entire nuclear program - and facilitate that access . `` Without cooperation from the North Korean side to prove that you have eliminated not only the nuclear weapons , the nuclear bomb fuels and the missiles , '' they add , `` it is essentially an almost impossible job . ''
In a plan for denuclearizing North Korea that Hecker and two of their Stanford colleagues published this week , ridding that nation of its nuclear weapons program is projected to take up to a decade or more .
`` Considering the fact that it 's taken at least 25 years to really put this nuclear arsenal in place , '' says Hecker , `` the thought of turning it around and denuclearizing , so to speak , in a short period of time of a year or two is simply not possible . ''
MARION , N.C. ( AP ) — The Latest on the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto ( all times local ) :
10:35 a.m .
Authorities say 2,000 people evacuated in the North Carolina mountains because of worries a dam might break can return to their homes .
McDowell County Emergency Management sent a message to the public around 10:15 a.m. Wednesday saying engineers have determined the dam at Lake Tahoma is safe .
Heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening . Emergency officials order the evacuations because an engineer inspecting the dam was worried it might break before officials could get a better look in the daylight .
The dam is about 80 miles ( 129 kilometers ) northwest of Charlotte .
Dozens of roads in western North Carolina were blocked by mudslides or flooding , including Interstate 40 which closed for several hours near Old Fort .
Forecasters warn storms could bring more flooding Wednesday , but say the heavy rains will be isolated and not widespread .
___
10:20 a.m .
About 200 people in the North Carolina mountains have evacuated to shelters as authorities watch a dam threatened by flooding from the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto .
Emergency managers evacuated 2,000 people early Wednesday after determining the Lake Tahoma dam in western North Carolina could fail .
McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones says the dam has n't failed , but inspectors are watching it .
A number of other roads in western North Carolina are closed by flooding or mudslides . Interstate 40 near Old Fort was closed for a time , but crews have cleared enough debris to open at least one lane in each direction .
Forecasters say Alberto 's remnants can still bring flooding rains to the Southeast and nation 's midsection .
___
11:20 p.m .
The soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection after downing trees , causing power outages and leaving scattered flooding around the South .
Forecasters say what 's left of the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season is still capable of causing flash flooding .
The National Hurricane Center in Miami said Tuesday that as Alberto 's weakening system moves inland Wednesday , it still remains a potential menace .
Flash flood watches were in effort for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
Comments
comments
Participating in the Greater Miami Jewish Federation Israel at 70 Mega Mission , April 16-22 were ( l-r ) Jill White , Regina Zelonker , Danny Zelonker , Roberta Mandel , Dennis Haber , Joan Schaefer , and Thomas Mesa , pictured at a location just outside of Jerusalem with a copy of the Palmetto Bay News . Thanks for taking us along .
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
Tune in Dec. 14 to https : //t.co/4ppqT2pUXN to hear about our planet-hunting @ NASAKepler mission 's latest discovery , which was made by researchers using machine learning from @ Google . Have questions ? # askNASA Details : https : //t.co/cJl5VqAgqR pic.twitter.com/DfDjKuoL6M — NASA Kepler and K2 ( @ NASAKepler ) December 8 , 2017
Two years after it stirred up speculation about the possibility of alien life , the Kepler Space Telescope will be at the center of a NASA announcement on Thursday.NASA does not mention aliens explicitly in its description of the telescope 's mission , but it does state that Kepler is on the hunt for planets like Earth `` The challenge now is to find terrestrial planets ( i.e. , those one half to twice the size of the Earth ) , especially those in the habitable zone of their stars where liquid water might exist on the surface of the planet , '' NASA wrote.In 2015 , some Twitter users believed that Kepler had done more than that , trying to use aliens to explain its findings . Citizen scientists using the Planet Hunters program were studying dips in light of stars discovered by Kepler when they noticed peculiar dips from a star named KIC 8462852 . Most dips in light could be explained by planets passing in front of the star , but these could not.At the time , an associate professor of astronomy at Penn State University , Jason Wright , speculated that Kepler would have the ability to detect alien life , should it exist . `` The idea is that if advanced alien civilizations build planet-sized megastructures - solar panels , ring worlds , telescopes , beacons , whatever - Kepler might be able to distinguish them from planets , '' Wright wrote in a blog post The `` internet went aflutter '' using their theory in relationship to the strange discovery , Wright said , but they cautioned , `` you should reserve the alien hypothesis as a last resort . `` Later that year , NASA said the `` unexplained and bizarre behavior '' was likely a swarm of comets passing in front of the star.As for this week 's announcement , NASA mentioned that machine-learning from Google was used to make the discovery . Once again , though , aliens were not mentioned , so extraterrestrial enthusiasts will just have to wait and see .
Wonder ( 2017 ) - Movie Details Drama
A young boy born with a facial deformity attends a regular school for the first time .... Full synopsis »
MOVIE REVIEW
This movie review is currently away from the desk . Please come again .
With so many places to shop for holiday gifts , it can be a bit overwhelming .
However , what about when it comes to purchasing gifts you can only find in state ?
We want to know , where is the best place to go for Michigan-made Christmas gifts ?
Send us your nominations to top5on5 @ wnem.com
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
AS OUR earth evolves , the mantra `` think global , act local ” becomes more and more relevant every day .
With Queensland due to outlaw single use plastic bags next year , the throw-away culture is decreasing and society is becoming more conscious of the environmental impact of its decisions .
Riding this new-age wave of eco-awareness is farmers and producers on the Sunshine Coast .
Voodoo Bacon owner George Francisco produces their bacon out of Belmondo 's on Rene St .
They said he 's noticing a rise in people forgoing the supermarket for groceries , and instead heading to farmers ' markets for quality and fresh ingredients .
`` We 're locally made bacon and we 're nitrate free , ” Mr Francisco said .
`` I see it especially at the markets , people wanting to buy local , they 're after the quality local ingredients .
`` There 's more and more people who are interested , who are aware of wanting local , sustainable produce and food and it 's a great thing to see . ”
Mr Francisco said one of the things he 's mindful of in their business is food miles - the less travelling food has to do to be produced , the more energy efficient .
They currently source their pork from northern New South Wales , but has struggled to meet farmers closer who live up to what they advertise .
`` I 'm currently sourcing my pigs from Ballina , which is n't as local as I 'd like it to be , ” they said .
`` I 'm really conscious of food miles , to get as local as possible .
`` I 've sourced free range pork from closer locations before to make my bacon , but it 's not what you would think free range is .
`` You 'd think free range would be pigs out in a paddock , running around , happy pigs , but they were n't , they were inside cooped up , only let out for a few hours a day .
`` In Gympie , I know there is free range pork farms so I 'd like to get pork from there . It 's just a matter of finding them and linking up .
`` As a consumer , I want to know what did you do with it ( the food ) , where did you get it , so you know the full circle , the story behind the produce . ”
In a huge Australian strawberry industry , Cooloola Berries farmers and owners Kim and Jason Lewis promote small-scale production and the benefits of working together with local producers .
Their Wolvi farm produces not only quality strawberries , but also features a range of products from local producers from the Sunshine Coast , Gympie and Fraser Coast .
`` Here in Noosa , tourists walk in to a cafe or restaurant seeking local suppliers and produce , ” Mr Lewis said .
`` Some suppliers or shops say it 's local produce , but it 's just from anywhere in Queensland .
`` All of our fruits are sold locally , ” Mrs Lewis said .
`` We have about 100 families a week to the farm to pick strawberries and try the produce .
`` I think people are becoming more aware of what they 're buying and where it comes from .
`` They want to see the process , how it begins and grows , and is picked and produced .
`` That 's why people come to the farm gate , to try sweet , ripened fruit that 's as fresh as it gets - like it used to taste .
`` We show our passion when they ( customers ) come to the gate . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge Regional College has teamed up with Huntingdonshire District Council to find and train ten apprentices for a range of local government job opportunities .
Young apprentices will earn £14,500 a year , as they study for a Level 2 qualification in business administration over the course of the 15-month internships .
Applications are now open , but be quick , as shortlisted applicants will be hastily invited to a special assessment day in the week starting October 16 - which means there 's just over a week left to apply for one of these apprenticeship placements .
The placements are in various roles across local government , working in areas including the IT department and the community services centre .
Debbie McArthur , head of business development at Cambridge Regional College , said it was a great opportunity for young people .
“ We are delighted to be working with Huntingdonshire District Council in this new initiative . The Apprenticeship Academy offers great opportunities for young people who want to earn and learn at the same time , gaining work experience and a very valuable qualification , ” they said .
“ They will be working at the heart of their community , helping the council provide its vital services to local residents . ”
No qualifications are needed to apply for these positions , as the apprenticeships all offer extensive training - enthusiasm and a willingness to learn are the only necessary requirements .
To find out more about these vacancies , contact Debbie McArthur at Cambridge Regional College on ( 01223 ) 226361 , or email dmcarthur @ camre.ac.uk .
To browse all jobs currently available in Cambridge , click here .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With a top speed of 8mph , a mobility scooter is not the most ideal form of transport to take on a dual carriageway .
However , that is exactly the scenario that confronted police in Gloucestershire who encountered not one but TWO people riding pillion along the 70mph-speed limit A40 .
The entire incident was captured in dashcam footage by officers who provided the bold road users with a safe escort , Gloucestershire Live reports .
This footage shows how slow the pillion-riding pair were moving .
Officers in an unmarked car were riding in front with a car behind as they trundled along the asphalt towards the Shell petrol station at Longford , near Gloucester .
In the tweet , Gloucestershire Constabulary 's Force Control Room said : “ A video sent to us from our @ tri_force colleagues from the A40 # Gloucester of an incident they have dealt with recently… .. # keepingpeoplesafe comes in a variety of ways ! ''
The former Executive Director of the Gladwin City Housing Commission has been charged with embezzlement .
Julie Ann Jarosiewicz was arraigned on Oct. 5 in the 80th District Court of Gladwin County following a Michigan State Police investigation .
They were charged with two felony counts of embezzlement related to their position when they were a Executive Director .
Michigan State Police believe the embezzlement happened shortly after Jarosiewicz 's appointment as Executive Director in July 2016 and continued until their resignation in June 2017 .
The first count of embezzlement was by an agent or trustee between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 . The second count of embezzlement was by a public official for more than $ 50 .
Both counts carry a maximum of 10 years in prison .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Torii Station , Okinawa ( Feb 12 , 2017 ) –Sgt . Maj. Juan Rosario-Montalvo ( left ) and Sgt . Maj. Michael Barcena motivate soldiers crossing the finish line of the 12-mile ruck march during the US Army Japans the best warrior competition . The top competitors of this competition will continue on to compete in a pacific-wide competition in Hawaii . ( U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist Taylor Mohr )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 04:41 Photo ID : 3166665 VIRIN : 170212-N-IM663-057 Resolution : 5020x3586 Size : 2.02 MB Location : JP Web Views : 2 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Soldiers and Airmen participate in the best warrior competition in Okinawa [ Image 1 of 4 ] , by PO2 taylor mohr , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
New Delhi : A crucial meeting of the GST Council on Friday reached consensus on increasing composition threshold for SMEs to Rs 1 crore from Rs 75 lakh , Andhra Pradesh Finance Minister Y Ramakrishnudu said .
This will allow small businesses , including eateries , to pay 1-5 percent tax without having to deal with the three-stage filing process .
Chaired by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , the 22nd meeting of the GST Council was attended by finance ministers of states and GST Secretariat officials .
The GST Council discussed issues faced by small traders and requested quarterly filing of returns for small businesses , Ramakrishnudu told reporters after the meeting concluded .
The Group of Ministers , under Sushil Modi , set up to look into GSTN glitches also briefed the Council on the portal 's functioning .
With over 33 lakh businesses filing the final GSTR-1 return , the GoM has tasked GSTN to send reminder text messages to the remaining 20 lakh businesses which are yet to submit the tax forms .
The last date for filing of final sales returns for July in GSTR-1 form is October 10 , while the date for uploading of purchase returns in GSTR-2 is October 31 .
The final GSTR-3 , matching GSTR-1 and 2 , is to be filed by November 10 .
Costa Rica 's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing . Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters .
In Honduras , there were three dead and three missing , according to Oscar Triminio , spokesperson for the country 's firefighters .
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras , which had been scheduled for Friday night .
In Louisiana , Gov . John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops , with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there .
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane , Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall , storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by `` dark on Saturday . ''
Louisiana 's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly , rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state . State officials hope that means New Orleans wo n't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water .
Edwards warned , however , against underestimating the storm .
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle , Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border .
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm . Earlier Thursday , a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans .
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city 's pump and drainage system . Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods .
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement 's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday , six production platforms , out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf , had been evacuated . No drilling rigs were evacuated , but one movable rig was taken out of the storm 's path .
The agency estimated less than 15 per cent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in , which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day .
By Associated Press , The Associated Press
Supreme Court Holds Foreign Corporations Can not Be Held Liable For Terrorism Claims
Enlarge this image toggle caption David Silverman/Getty Images David Silverman/Getty Images
In a 5-4 decision , the U.S. Supreme Court held today that foreign corporations , even ones with branches in the United States , can not be held liable for damages stemming from claims they participated in some way in or facilitated terrorist attacks .
The court 's conservatives , making up the majority , held that foreign corporations may not be defendants under the Alien Tort Statute , a law dating back to 1789 , originally put in place to deal with piracy . They said that a decision the other direction could deter corporate development .
The case involved the Arab Bank , a Jordanian financial institution with a branch in New York , was sued by the victims of a terrorist act committed abroad . The bank is accused of allowing terrorists to maintain bank accounts and helping finance terror attacks .
This decision will effectively put an end to human-rights lawsuits against overseas corporations that have ties to the United States .
Evangelical Voters And Roy Moore Penny Young Nance , president of Concerned Women for America , a conservative evangelical group , talks with Steve Inskeep about sexual assault allegations against Roy Moore and Alabama 's Senate race .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother fans were left in utter hysterics tonight as Wayne Sleep treated their housemates to a very raunchy striptease .
As well a grabbing their crotch , the 69-year-old pulled off their shirt to flash the flesh .
This came as a number of ex-housemates invaded the house for various tasks this evening .
One star returning included Genuwine , who treated the house to their smash hit Pony as some hunky male strippers set upon the housemates .
The muscly men whipped off their tops and excited the housemates - well , apart from Ann .
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : Channel 5 )
As the men writhed , and even prompted Wayne Sleep to do a strip tease of their own , Ann was seen tutting and putting their head in their hands .
But it seemed like it got too much when one of the male dancers straddled Shane Jenek .
Ann then got up off the sofa and stomped off to the bedroom , leaving the rest of their housemates to enjoy the fun .
( Image : Channel 5 )
( Image : Channel 5 )
They then put their head in a cushion as the music continued to blare on .
Despite Genuwine calling for them to come back , they ignored them and continues to stew .
Oh dear ...
* Celebrity Big brother airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 5
Audi will send out recall letters on or before 11 June . Photo : Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Detroit : Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and sport utility vehicles ( SUVs ) worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overeat and possibly cause a fire .
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4 , the 2013 to 2017 A5 , the 2012 to 2015 A6 , and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017 . All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines .
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in US government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris , or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short . No reports of fires are listed .
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners . An Audi spokesperson in the US said on Tuesday that redesigned parts wo n't be ready until November , but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available .
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update . But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued .
Audi will send out recall letters on or before 11 June
MUMBAI : Maharashtra Agriculture Minister Pandurang Phundkar died on Wednesday night . Reports suggest that Phundkar died in a hospital in Mumbai due to a heart attack . 67-year-old Phundkar breathed their last at 4:35 am in Mumbai 's Somaiya Hospital after they had suffered a heart attack .
Pandurang Pundalik Fundkar was born in 1950 in Buldhana district of Maharashtra . They were the former state president of Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
The leader of opposition in Maharashtra Legislative Council in India , Pandurang was a member of 9th Lok Sabha , 10th Lok Sabha and 11th Lok Sabha from Akola ( Lok Sabha constituency ) from Maharashtra .
Pandurang was elected as the member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly from Khamgaon ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) in 1978 and 1980 . They were sworn in as a Cabinet Minister in Devendra Fadnavis government on July 8 , 2016 . Fundkar pursued their higher education from Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Martin O'Neill could get the revenge they have been waiting 20 years for on Tuesday night .
O'Neill has never forgiven French ref Remi Harrel for the huge part they played in Leicester 's UEFA Cup defeat at home to Atletico Madrid .
Atletico are back at Leicester in the Champions League with another ref 's controversial decision having already upset the Foxes .
Marc Albrighton 's foul on Antoine Griezmann was outside the box but Swedish official Jonas Eriksson gave the penalty for Griezmann to score and bring a 1-0 quarter-final lead to the King Power Stadium .
It brought back the memories of Leicester being at home to Atletico in September 1997 with Ian Marshall 's away goal in a 2-1 first leg defeat telling O'Neill they could pull of a huge shock .
Atletico were the big spenders of Europe with superstars Juninho and Christian Vieri in their side but O'Neill fancied their chances .
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
“ People forget we had some really decent players , ” says O'Neill . “ Neil Lennon , Muzzy Izzet and whatever you say about Robbie Savage , and I said a lot , they did wonderfully .
“ Sav was always in the side , whatever they were moaning about . But that referee , honestly .
“ We had qualified by winning the League Cup and ended up playing Atletico Madrid who are just spending fortunes at that time .
“ And we still should have got through . The referee , to me , they gave us nothing at Filbert Street . We should have had penalties . I swear to God . I 'm not joking .
“ I do n't think they ever refereed another European game after that . ”
Harrel sent off Atletico 's Juan Lopez but then Leicester 's Garry Parker went as well for two yellow cards , the second one for taking a free kick too early .
( Photo : Plumb Images/Leicester City FC via Getty Images )
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
O'Neill was incensed . There were claims for three Leicester penalties all turned down and with the game at 10-a-side Atletico won 2-0 , 4-1 on aggregate .
Harrel was struck off by UEFA after their performance in the East Midlands but did get back to take charge of two more UEFA Cup games over the next two seasons .
“ I 'd left Leicester when the club last played in Europe in 2000-01 under Peter Taylor , ” adds O'Neill .
“ But we had a fine side with centre halves like Steve Walsh and Matty Elliott .
“ Elliott is as good a centre half as has played in the last 20 years , as good as any centre half playing in today 's football .
“ Those decisions by that referee on that day denied players like them a decent run in European football . I trust it does n't happen again to these Leicester players . ”
Russian Journalist Thought Killed Is Alive Ukrainian authorities say the murder of journalist Arkady Babchenko was staged in order to catch a man they say was hired by Russian intelligence services to kill him .
Looking back on 2016 , says Town Administrator Ed Thorne , the town of Pembroke made a number of land purchases :
http : //959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/THORNE-1.mp3
And , according to Thorne , the town… :
http : //959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/THORNE-2.mp3
Thorne says the town now has to deal with the issue of recreational marijuana in the new year .
Recently , the Board of Selectmen appointed a sub-committee to work with the town 's police chief in putting together a game plan for 2017 .
Advertising
THE SCOOP Mayor Peter Cavallaro says that Westbury is in “ one of the best locations you could possibly have : the dead center of Nassau County . ”
With that comes proximity to Manhattan , which is a 40-minute train ride from Westbury . In part to attract out-of-area millennial residents , Westbury plans to use the $ 10 million grant received in July to “ redevelop the properties around the train station over the next coupl e of years , ” which will , in turn , attract private investment , Cavallaro says .
The revitalization would include rezoning parts of the downtown to develop multifamily and mixed-use housing options next to the station to appeal to commuters , they say .
“ Anybody who wants to live in a suburban environment where there 's a walkable downtown and places to eat , it 's really an ideal situation , ” says Cavallaro , a lifelong Westbury resident .
Westbury is diverse in its makeup of people and properties , says Eric Jackson , branch manager of Laffey Real Estate 's Westbury office . The area , they say , features various subsections , some that include split-levels , Colonials , Levitt-style homes , condominiums and co-ops . Part of Westbury 's appeal is its central location , they say .
“ You can go north , south , east or west without any encumbrances , ” they add . The Northern State Parkway cuts through the middle of Westbury , the Long Island Expressway runs just north , and the Meadowbrook Parkway and Wantagh Parkway bookend the area .
“ You 're basically 25 minutes away from everything , whether it be Manhattan or Jones Beach , ” Jackson says .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Attractions include performing arts venues such as The Space at Westbury and NYCB Theatre at Westbury , the Yes We Can Community Center and Bunky Reid Park . Next to a portion of Westbury 's southern border is Eisenhower Park . Nearby are Cantiague Park and Nassau Coliseum .
CONDOS
There are 21 condos on the market ranging in price from $ 160,000 to $ 1,245,000 .
SALES PRICE
Between April 1 , 2016 , and April 13 , 2017 , there were 251 home sales with a median sale price of $ 429,000 , according to the Multiple Listing Service of Long Island . The low price for that period was $ 135,000 and the high was $ 925,000 . During that time period a year earlier , there were 315 home sales with a median sale price of $ 392,000 . The price range was $ 125,000 to $ 950,000 .
SCHOOLS
Westbury encompasses five school districts : Westbury , East Meadow , Carle Place , Jericho and Hicksville .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
OTHER STATS
Town North Hempstead
Area 2.4 square miles
ZIP code 11590
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Population 15,146
Median age 39.2
Median household income $ 85,510
Median home value $ 430,000
LIRR to NYC 39-47 minutes at peak
Monthly ticket $ 297
SOURCES : 2010 census ; mlslI.com ; LIRR ;
* Based on sales in the past six months , according to MLSLI
RECENTLY SOLD
$ 730,000
ORIOLE WAY After 174 days on the market , this five-bedroom Colonial sold for $ 5,000 less than its asking price . Beyond the foyer is a living room with a fireplace and French doors that open to a screened-in porch , a dining room with glass doors opening to a patio and an eat-in kitchen with marble countertops . Two bedrooms are on the main level and three are on the upper level . The master bedroom includes a walk-in closet and private sun deck . The 1941 home , on a 75-by-122-foot property , also has a finished basement and attached one-car garage . The taxes are $ 12,277 .
$ 520,000
QUEEN STREET This four-bedroom split-level sold for $ 119,000 less than its asking price after 150 days on the market . The main level of the 1955 home includes a living room , formal dining room and expanded granite kitchen . The master suite , with a full bathroom featuring a Jacuzzi tub , is situated on the second level along with two additional bedrooms . The third level boasts an additional bedroom with a half-bathroom . The finished basement includes a den with a fireplace and a half-bathroom . The 0.25-acre property also has an attached two-car garage . The taxes are $ 9,685 .
$ 375,000
SCHOOL STREET Originally listed for $ 399,999 , this three-bedroom Colonial sold in March after 125 days on the market . The renovated home , built in 1931 , features an open floor plan that includes a living room-dining room combination with a fireplace and an eat-in kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances . The main level also includes a three-seasons room . Three bedrooms and a full bath are on the upper level . The home , on a 64-by-109-foot property , includes a full basement and attached one-car garage . The taxes are $ 9,858 .
NOW ON THE MARKET
Starter
$ 299,000 This five-bedroom , two-bathroom Cape boasts a living room , eat-in kitchen and dining room . The home , on a 50-by-100-foot property , also has a finished basement with an outside entrance . Taxes : $ 7,924 . Stephen Portelli and Rosalinda Silver , Stephen Joseph Properties , 516-558-7575
Trade-Up
$ 479,000 This three-bedroom Colonial features 2 1⁄2 bathrooms , a living room , formal dining room , eat-in kitchen and sunroom . The 50-by-119-foot property also includes a stand-up attic , finished basement and one-car garage . Taxes : $ 12,731 . Joy Greenidge , Laffey Real Estate , 516-770-6928
High-End
$ 1.175 million This newly constructed four bedroom , three-bathroom Colonial features a two-story foyer , living room , dining room , eat-in kitchen and family room with a fireplace . The 85-by-100-foot property , with taxes to be determined , also has a full basement and attached two-car garage . Bob Dirmeir , Century 21 American Homes , 516-983-2850
On Multiple Listings
Number of houses 71
Price range $ 194,900- $ 1.175 million
Tax range $ 7,327- $ 17,554
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office has issued a brand new weather warning that includes most of the UK .
Bristol woke up to treacherous conditions on the roads this morning ( March 19 ) as temperatures dipped overnight and froze the melted snow .
The same is likely to happen this evening meaning that tomorrow will see similarly hazardous conditions .
The warning states that there will be an increased risk of accidents and injuries .
The Met Office chief forecaster said : `` After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening , it will turn cloudier from the north , with the possibility of some wintry showers in places .
`` The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time , but will fall below again where the cloud breaks .
`` Therefore , ice is likely to form where untreated roads , pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day , or partly melted snow refreezes , and where wintry showers occur overnight . ''
The weekend saw snow return to Bristol , although not at the same level as at the beginning of the month .
Bristol Airport was closed for the morning of March 18 while the runway was deiced .
( Image : Paul Gallagher )
The runway reopened just after midday but passengers still saw delays and some spent extensive periods of time sat in planes on the runway while the planes themselves were deiced .
Several schools in the region have changed their opening times this morning after the snow .
Only one school had announced its closure as of Sunday evening .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BALLWIN , MO ( KPLR ) – When we first introduced you to Willow Schreiber , getting around their house in Ballwin everyday was a challenge .
`` She spends a lot of time in their wheelchair '' said mom Andera . `` So , for us not to have to physically move it in and out of the house through the steps , it 's huge '' they said .
When first responders with both West County EMS and the Metro West Fire District heard of their challenges , they knew they had to do something .
`` The guys on the trucks found out about this situation , they reached out and it was something that grew legs '' said West County EMS Chief Jeff Sadtler . `` It was n't anything in particular , it was a situation that needed to be taken care of and it got handled '' they said .
Together with the Home Depot and Family Touch Remodeling , they started to build a new deck for Willow and their family , complete with a ramp to help make everyday simplicities like going in and out of the house a little easier .
`` I used to have to pick them up and carry them in and out of the car '' said Andrea . `` Whereas now we can just wheel them straight out of the garage and up the ramp inside '' they said .
Firefighters even made Willow an honorary firefighter . A special day for a special girl thanks to the work of west county first responders .
`` We want to leave people in a better position than when we found them '' said Metro West Fire District Chief Michael Krause . `` So , that 's an example of these guys taking the initiative to make something better . That 's what we 're here to do . It 's not above or beyond our roles and responsibilities in our minds '' they said .
38.595053 -90.546234
Federal judges have struck down an anti-robocall rule , saying that the Federal Communications Commission improperly treated every American who owns a smartphone as a potential robocaller .
The FCC wo n't be appealing the court decision , as Chairman Ajit Pai opposed the rule changes when they were implemented by the commission 's then-Democratic majority in 2015 . Pai issued a statement praising the judges for the decision Friday , calling the now-vacated rule `` yet another example of the prior FCC 's disregard for the law and regulatory overreach . ''
The FCC 's 2015 decision said that a device meets the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ( TCPA ) definition of an `` autodialer '' if it can be modified to make robocalls , even if the smartphone user has n't actually downloaded an autodialing app .
That interpretation treats all smartphones as autodialers because any smartphone has the capability of downloading an autodialing app , judges ruled . Since any call made by an autodialer could violate anti-robocall rules , this led to a troubling conclusion : judges said that an unwanted call from a smartphone could violate anti-robocall rules even if the smartphone user has n't downloaded an autodialing app .
`` The Commission 's understanding would appear to subject ordinary calls from any conventional smartphone to the Act 's coverage , an unreasonably expansive interpretation of the statute , '' a three-judge panel of the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit said in a unanimous ruling Friday .
The ruling came in a case filed against the FCC by the Association of Credit and Collection Professionals , which says it represents `` third-party collection agencies , law firms , asset buying companies , creditors , and vendor affiliates . ''
Judges also invalidated an FCC rule that helped protect consumers from robocalls to reassigned phone numbers .
Normal calls could be considered robocalls
The TCPA generally makes it illegal to call a cell phone using an autodialer , with some exceptions . Under the US law , an autodialer is a device with the `` capacity '' to perform the function of `` storing or producing telephone numbers 'using a random or sequential number generator ' '' and the capacity of `` dialing those numbers , '' the judges noted .
The FCC erred by saying that a device 's `` capacity '' to make robocalls includes `` potential functionalities '' that can be enabled simply by downloading a smartphone app , judges wrote .
`` The Commission 's ruling concluded that app downloads and other software additions of that variety—and the enhanced functionality they bring about—are appropriately considered to be within a device 's 'capacity , ' '' judges wrote .
All smartphones , even those that do n't have autodialing apps installed , thus meet the statutory definition of an autodialer under the FCC approach , the ruling said . Under the commission 's approach , `` an uninvited call or message from a smartphone violates the statute even if autodialer features were not used to make the call or send the message , '' the judges wrote .
Judges wrote that a smartphone user could be hit with $ 500 fines in a scenario such as this hypothetical :
Imagine , for instance , that a person wishes to send an invitation for a social gathering to a person they recently met for the first time . If they lack prior express consent to send the invitation , and if they obtain the acquaintance 's cell phone number from a mutual friend , they ostensibly commit a violation of federal law by calling or sending a text message from their smartphone to extend the invitation . And if they send a group message inviting 10 people to the gathering , again without securing prior express consent from any of the recipients , they not only would have infringed the TCPA 10 distinct times but would also face a minimum damages recovery against them of $ 5,000 .
Judges concluded :
It is untenable to construe the term `` capacity '' in the statutory definition of an [ autodialer ] in a manner that brings within the definition 's fold the most ubiquitous type of phone equipment known , used countless times each day for routine communications by the vast majority of people in the country . It can not be the case that every uninvited communication from a smartphone infringes federal law and that nearly every American is a TCPA-violator-in-waiting , if not a violator-in fact .
The FCC 's 2015 order defended its approach , saying the FCC `` has interpreted 'capacity ' broadly since well before consumers ' widespread use of smartphones . '' Despite that , `` there is no evidence in the record that individual consumers have been sued based on typical use of smartphone technology , '' the FCC said at the time .
The 2015 decision was made by then-Chairman Tom Wheeler 's Democratic majority , while Republican commissioners Pai and Michael O'Rielly objected to the autodialer definition .
Pai , who became FCC chairperson last year , said that `` the agency 's 2015 ruling 'placed every American consumer with a smartphone at substantial risk of violating federal law . ' That 's why I dissented from the FCC 's misguided decision and am pleased that the DC Circuit , too , has rejected it . ''
“ One-call safe harbor ” also rejected
The court decision covered several aspects of the FCC 's 2015 robocall order . Judges also vacated the agency 's approach to automated calls made to reassigned phone numbers in cases when the former owner of the number consented to receiving automated calls but the current owner of the number has not consented .
The FCC allowed a `` one-call safe harbor , '' meaning that robocallers can make one call after a number has been reassigned without violating the law . Judges ruled that the one-call safe harbor is arbitrary , in part because the first call after a number has been reassigned `` might give the caller no indication whatsoever of a possible reassignment ( if , for instance , there is no response to a text message , as would often be the case with or without a reassignment . ) ''
Two other parts of the FCC 's order passed legal muster . Judges upheld the FCC 's `` approach to revocation of consent , under which a party may revoke their consent through any reasonable means clearly expressing a desire to receive no further messages from the caller . '' Judges also upheld `` the scope of the agency 's exemption for time-sensitive healthcare calls . ''
FCC urged to step up fight against robocalls
The FCC needs to step up the fight against robocalls , Democratic FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said .
`` One thing is clear in the wake of today 's court decision : robocalls will continue to increase unless the FCC does something about it , '' Rosenworcel said Friday . `` That means that the same agency that had the audacity to take away your net neutrality rights is now on the hook for protecting you from the invasion of annoying robocalls . It 's past time for the American public to get a serious response from the FCC—and a reprieve from the unrelenting nuisance these calls have become for so many of us . ''
Pai 's FCC recently authorized carriers to block robocalls from invalid numbers before they reach customers ' landlines or mobile phones , although carriers are n't required to provide this capability for free . The FCC also proposed a fine of $ 120 million for a scammer who allegedly made 96 million spoofed robocalls in a three-month period . Further Reading Scammer who made 96 million robocalls should pay $ 120M fine , FCC says
Pai 's statement said they plan to continue similar anti-robocall efforts . `` We will continue to pursue consumer-friendly policies on this issue , from reducing robocalls to reassigned numbers to call authentication to blocking illegal robocalls . And we 'll maintain our strong approach to enforcement against spoofers and scammers , including the over $ 200 million in fines that we proposed last year . ''
Sen. Ed Markey ( D-Mass . ) is disappointed that the court order `` vacated protections discouraging callers from making more than one unwanted call to a reassigned number , '' an announcement from their office said .
Markey urged the FCC to `` use its existing authority to re-establish robust , enforceable protections . '' If the FCC fails to do so , Markey said they will work with Congressional colleagues `` to restore these commonsense protections . ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wayne Rooney turned up for training today - at a community garden centre for adults with learning difficulties .
The Everton striker , who admitted being almost three times the drink-drive limit last month , is working there , as part of a 100-hour community service order they received , along with a two-year road ban .
The star is said to be desperate to convince wife Coleen they are turning their life around – after being caught with another woman while drunk in the car after a night out .
A source said : “ Wayne knows they have got to do this and has really thrown themselves into it . They do n't mind getting their hands dirty and they looked like they were enjoying it ”
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
The £150,000-a-week star was chauffeured to their shift , near their £6million home in Prestbury , Cheshire .
At 8.40am , they walked in wearing a blue jacket , blue hoodie , matching blue bottoms and black Nike trainers .
They have already completed two days of work – at least 12 hours .
The garden centre is the same venue where former Manchester United teammate Carlos Tevez was ordered to work after they were banned four years ago .
Once there , Rooney , 31 , put on a green zip-up fleece , worn by colleagues and spent all their time inside .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
The ex-England and Manchester United skipper has been given routine maintenance tasks as disadvantaged adults around them learn new skills , including plant potting , and woodwork .
Their efforts are displayed and sold at the centre .
Staff and trainees enjoyed a game of badminton before locking up .
Rooney left at 3.04pm , wearing their wedding ring . They strolled outside to their waiting driver who had been parked for 90 minutes .
Rooney has told pals they are more than happy to work there .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
After they were sentenced last month , they apologised and added : “ I accept the court 's decision and hope I can make amends through my community service . ”
Rooney was arrested in the early hours of September 1 as they drove a VW Beetle belonging to Laura Simpson , 29 , in the passenger seat .
They had met in a bar in Wilmslow while their pregnant wife Coleen was on holiday with their three children .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
When stopped by police at 2am , over a faulty tail light , they had 104mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath . The limit is 35mcg .
Rooney 's arrest landed them in hot water both with their club and Coleen , who is expecting their fourth child .
They have not been seen with their wedding ring since . They are said to be desperate to win them forgiveness .
Rooney 's agent declined to comment .
AFC Wimbledon boss Neal Ardley admits their side have been “ stumbling ” ahead of today 's South London derby against Millwall .
The Lions travel to Kingsmeadow looking for a fourth straight League One win .
But Wimbledon has lost 3-0 at Southend United on Boxing Day and followed up with a 2-0 reverse at Bristol Rovers on New Year 's Eve .
It has seen the Dons drop to 11th in the table .
Ardley said : “ We 've stumbled our way through the last four weeks . We 've won games and got things in certain games , like the cups , but have n't kept the levels where they need to be .
“ We 've come up against two good teams who have shown us how far away we aee from the good teams in this league at the moment .
“ We had a lot of height and power in our team and it is disappointing that Bristol looked the stronger team throughout the game . We take pride in our energy levels , commitment and working for each other – we 've been shown up in all those in our last two games .
“ I 'm not going to batter the players , they 've had such a good 2016 . ”
Primark is a bit of an institution in the UK nowadays , and has rapidly become one of the high street 's most popular shops .
But apparently , people have been pronouncing Primark wrong for years .
You 'd think here in Bristol , we 'd have a pretty firm grasp of how to say it , considering we have the ‘ best Primark in the world ' , but it turns out there is a divide .
There are those who call it `` Pr-eye-mark '' and those who call it `` Pree-mark '' , reports the Mirror .
It 's such an issue for some customers , the store has gone to the trouble of putting an answer in the 'help ' section of their website , which should settle the debate once and for all .
The debate has sparked a fierce row on social media .
`` I die when I hear northerners say Preemark , '' wrote one .
`` Ella actually pronounced primark like 'preemark ' i am dooone with her , '' added another .
In the 'other stuff ' segment of their 'queries ' page , where you can search for FAQs , they answer the question : `` How do you pronounce Primark ? ''
Their response is : `` That 's a very good question . We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark . ''
So if the shop staff say it this way , then it 's definitely correct .
Not Preemark then .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GREEN PARK , Mo . – On Friday , many in the south St. Louis County community honored the memory of St. Louis County Police Officer Blake Snyder , who was shot and killed on duty one year ago .
Several police officers and civilians joined to take part in a memorial barbecue and workout hosted by 1st Phorm in Snyder 's honor .
“ This little bit of pain here is nothing compared to what a family goes through and I know that on a first-hand basis , ” said Officer Justin Sparks , Snyder 's brother-in-law .
Sparks said that even with a whole year passed , the BackStoppers and strangers are still helping and encouraging their families .
“ They 're there for the family that day within hours of such a tragedy , ” Sparks said . “ I can not say enough and for the community to come out and give their own money . ”
Such events help raise money for BackStoppers , whose goal is to help ensure , fallen first responders are not forgotten .
“ There 's no better sign than that , ” said Sal Frisella , Vice President of Operations for 1st Phorm .
“ It 's not a very good time to be a police officer , but I think there are a lot of people who feel strongly about supporting these people who make sure we can go home safely . ”
FOX 2 also spoke with Karen Simpson , whose husband , Chesterfield Police Officer Christopher Simpson , died almost five years ago .
“ He succumbed to a heart attack 20 minutes after their shift ended and they were in the training room , ” they said .
Simpson said that since that day , BackStoppers has been by their side .
“ We are not alone and there are people out there that have our backs , ” they said . “ Just knowing that you need to turn a corner and somebody is going to help guide you . ”
Jeremy Branson was just 12-years-old when their father , St. Louis City Police Officer James Branson Jr. , was killed on duty in 2003 .
But Branson said BackStoppers stepped in right away to help their mother and three siblings .
“ Really helped them financially and even with college we do n't have to worry about debt and I can focus knowing that I 'm ok and that my mom is ok , ” they said .
The BackStoppers were presented with a $ 50,000 check at Friday 's event , money that was raised through a $ 25 purchase of 1st Phorm t-shirts .
The next fundraising opportunity will be the 31st annual Budweiser Guns ‘ N Hoses boxing event , scheduled for November 22 at Scottrade Center .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Anna Faris has been spotted in public for the first time since splitting from their husband of eight years Chris Pratt .
The Hollywood actor , 40 , appeared downcast when was pictured driving solo in Los Angeles on Monday .
While Anna has been keeping a low-profile since the pair 's shock break up , Chris chose to attend the Teen Choice Awards on Sunday .
The actor accepted an award for their performance in Guardians of the Galaxy at the annual bash .
`` I would not be here with the ease and grace I have in my heart without my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ , '' they said during their acceptance speech - making no mention of their young son Jack or Anna .
( Image : MEGA )
Last week the pair stunned fans by announcing that they were divorcing after eight years of marriage .
In a message shared on social media , Chris said : `` Anna and I are sad to announce we are legally separating . We tried hard for a long time , and we 're really disappointed .
( Image : FilmMagic )
`` Our son has two parents who love them very much and for their sake we want to keep this situation as private as possible moving forward .
`` We still have love for each other , will always cherish our time together and continue to have the deepest respect for one another . ''
( Image : MEGA )
The House Bunny star Anna added a similar statement on Twitter .
Chris and Anna married July 2009 , having met on the set of Take Me Home Tonight in 2007 .
Anna spoke about their relationship with PEOPLE last month , saying : “ I do n't think that 's something , when you 're an actor , that you 're prepared for .
`` There are two different roles that you play — the one on-camera and the one in public . That 's the tricky part . ”
( Image : Getty )
Their split comes a year after Chris announced they were taking a six month break from acting to focus on Anna and their son Jack .
They told Parade magazine : `` I 've been on the road for 14 months - I did three movies back to back - so I 'm taking six months off . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
`` I 'm taking Jack to Jack 's Beach - which is what we named the little stretch of beach on an island up on the San Juan Islands where we got a place .
`` We 're going to go back to the fort we built about a month and a half ago when we went for a short visit and see if that 's still there . If not , we 're going to build it again . ''
Mohali : Handed an embarrassing defeat in the inaugural ODI , a wounded India would look to get even against an inspired Sri Lanka in a do-or-die second match , here on Wednesday .
The loss not only hurt but was also an eye-opener for a team that has been dominant all throughout the long home season .
Proving that the opening day surrender to Sri Lanka pacers at the Eden Gardens was no aberration , the Indian batting stood exposed once again against the moving ball .
Chandigarh wo n't be as cold as Dharamsala but the pacers should come into play considering it is another 11:30 a.m. start to the day-night affair .
In that case , it will be another test for the Indian batsmen if the home team happens to bat first in a must-win contest .
Barring old war-horse MS Dhoni , the highly-rated batsmen seemed sitting ducks every time Suranga Lakmal pitched the ball up in the off-stump corridor .
After the experienced Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan fell early , it was an ideal opportunity for the likes of Shreyas Iyer , Dinesh Karthik and Manish Pandey to weather the initial storm and make a big score .
However , they all came a cropper and if it was not for Dhoni 's fighting 65 , India could well have been bowled out for their lowest ever total .
One man surely gutted looking at their team 's performance would be captain Virat Kohli , who opted out of the series to get married to Bollywood actor Anushka Sharma in Italy .
Rohit , leading the side in Kohli 's absence , was not amused either in their first ODI as captain , though they promised the team will learn from Dharamsala debacle and bounce back in the remaining two games .
`` It is important to thrive in these conditions and come out good . It is an eye-opener for all of us , '' Rohit had said after the seven-wicket loss .
They are unlikely to tinker with the playing eleven but there is a possibility that Ajinkya Rahane is picked to shore up the inexperienced batting , especially the middle order .
Rahane sat out of the opening game as the team management sees them only as the back-up opener in the presence of Sharma and Dhawan .
However , they have batted in the middle-order in some of the 84 ODIs they have played .
In the bowling department , the worry for India will be the performance of Hardik Pandya , who again leaked runs as the hosts tried to defend a paltry 112 .
They are in the squad as the seam-up bowling allrounder for the South Africa Test series and needs to be at the top of their game ahead of the crucial tour starting next month .
Considering Sri Lanka cantered to victory in 20.4 overs , spinners Yuzvendra Chahal and Kuldeep Yadav did not come on to bowl . They would be itching to get back into action after a month 's gap .
While India finds themselves in an unusual situation at home , Sri Lanka have a golden opportunity to seal the series after ending a 12-match losing streak with a thumping win in Dharamsala .
New Zealand too were on the cusp of history last month but faltered after winning the series opener as India bounced back to win the next two games .
The win must have done a world of good to the islanders ' confidence after the beating they took at the hands of India at home and away this season .
Lakmal was lethal again on a helping pitch while Angelo Mathews too made a promising return with the ball .
Also effective on a seaming surface was pacer Nuwan Pradeep . The batting too clicked and completed the modest chase rather comfortably .
As put by Rohit after the match , another 70-80 runs and it could have been a different story with the ball still moving in the evening .
Lawmakers Call For Probe Into Flynn 's Russian Communications
Steve Inskeep talks to Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee . There are calls for an investigation into Michael Flynn 's interactions with Russia .
In Lucknow , at the break of dawn , the sound of bells ringing from a nearby temple wake up an old man . They get ready , collects milk in a jug and treks all the way to the temple to offer it to the deity . At the temple , they make a garland and stays until the customary morning puja and returns . “ So many people come here . When I see peace on their faces , I find peace too , ” they say .
The short film Hind , directed by Sumit Aroraa and produced by Terribly Tiny Talkies , is about the old man and their relationship with the temple , with a twist at the end .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A little boy 's wish to be able to use both their hands will be granted just in time for Christmas .
Cameron Millar , 10 , was born without a right hand but has always been determined to overcome the challenges this presented .
Last week they and their mother , Margaret Millar , launched an appeal to raise £10,000 for a high-tech bionic limb before Christmas .
In an adorable video , Cameron appeals to viewers to contribute towards their campaign .
They say : `` I 'm Cameron , this year I 'd really like a hand from Santa , but it 's £10,000 so please go to my 'raise a hand for Cameron ' page and donate now ! ”
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
The target was reached within days thanks to donations from across the UK .
The schoolboy , a keen Star Wars fan , has chosen a bionic hand featuring an illustration of their superhero role model Luke Skywalker .
Ms Millar said : `` We were overwhelmed with the support we received after our story hit the headlines last week .
`` Donations just kept coming to us and we reached the target within a few days .
`` This means the world to Cameron and he 's absolutely thrilled to know that he 'll achieve their dream of having a bionic hand , and he 's already making plans to learn to play the drums . ''
( Image : Internet Unknown )
The charity appeal was run with Radio Forth 's Cash for Kids and Emma Kemp , charity manager at the Edinburgh-based station , said : `` As soon as we heard Cameron 's story , we had to do our bit to help .
`` We quickly set up a fundraising page and this allowed the family to receive donations .
`` Despite facing such a major challenge in their life , they never stops smiling and is incredibly positive and optimistic .
`` Christmas is often a time of year when we focus on our own friends and family , but to witness the generosity Cameron received over the last week is amazing . ''
New Delhi : A day after it came to fore that Beijing is still flexing its muscles and has deployed more troops in the Chumbi Valley , Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Friday questioned Prime Minister Narendra Modi over China constructing a road in Doklam .
They took to Twitter and tagged a media report claiming that China is building a bunker and expanding its base in Doklam . Here is what they tweeted :
Modiji , once you 're done thumping your chest , could you please explain this ? https : //t.co/oSuC7bZ82x — Office of RG ( @ OfficeOfRG ) October 6 , 2017
Nearly a month after the Doklam border stand-off with China was resolved , a large number of China 's People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) troops is still stationed a few hundred metres away from the Dokla stand-off site .
China is also reportedly building bunkers and a road on the Doklam Plateau , just 10 km from the location of the last conflict .
Troops of India and China were locked in a 73-day standoff in Dokalam that began from June 16 over road construction activity at the India-Bhutan-China trijunction .
It is to be noted that the Doklam Plateau is claimed by both Beijing and Bhutan as their territory . The tension eased after talks between top officials of both the countries .
( With PTI inputs )
An organic vegetable gardening class is available this spring at Ridgefield Continuing Education . It covers how to organically grow a wide variety of vegetables suitable for our climate . This three-session course will cover everything you need to know about organic vegetable gardening — including purchasing seeds or plants , growing them , fertilizing them , controlling pests , and harvesting . Also discussed are tips for preserving your harvest by canning , freezing and drying for consumption year-round .
Instructor Eileen Burton is an expert horticulturist who has gardened in Ridgefield for many years . They have also been horticultural manager at Caramoor in Katonah , N.Y . The class meets on Wednesdays , April 19 and 26 , from 7 to 9 p.m. at East Ridge Middle School . Cost is $ 49 . Advance registration required . Information at ridgefieldschools.org or Peggy Bruno at 203-431-2812 .
Picked up a brand-new iPhone X for yourself this morning ? Apple has some advice about that OLED screen , namely that color and hue shifts , and perhaps a little bit of burn-in , are to be expected with this kind of display technology .
In a new support document , Apple says `` you might notice slight shifts in color and hue '' , which is `` normal behavior '' for an OLED screen . Indeed , manufacturers have grappled with the problem in smartphones , televisions and monitors ever since the Organic Light-Emitting Diode tech first appeared on the scene .
Then there 's burn-in , where images that are repeatedly displayed ( like the battery indicator ) start to leave ghostly patterns when they 're not actually there . Apple says it 's worked hard to minimize burn-in , but that it might still appear after `` extended long-term use '' of the iPhone X .
Tips and tricks
In other words , if you notice some of these issues , they 're perfectly normal and you do n't need to bother Apple asking for a replacement handset . Apple recommends keeping your iPhone updated to make sure these problems are minimized and to extend the life of your Super Retina display .
The support document also suggests switching on auto-brightness , turning off the display when you 're not using it , and avoiding displaying static images at maximum brightness for long periods of time , if you want to counter the burn-in risk .
Anyone using OLED has to deal with the same issues - the home button on the Galaxy S8 shifts position very slightly to try and stop it from happening - and it seems Apple is getting its point of view in first before anyone starts complaining .
Runners at this year 's Airtel Delhi Half Marathon . Photo : Hindustan Times
Dealing with people who litter , jostle and spit during your daily commute may have become a regular affair but you should n't be facing such ordeals during a marathon . Here 's our guide on how runners can mind their manners .
Check your aggression at the start line
Participants are usually corralled or segregated at the start line on the basis of their running capabilities , yet aggressive pushing , shoving and tripping have become standard practice , say race regulars . Anjali Saraogi , a 43-year-old Kolkata-based runner and managing director of Kolkata-based Medstar Clinics , says this combative behaviour can be seen at every level . “ It 's the smaller , petite runners who often get crushed , ” they say , adding , “ This aggressive and rough behaviour is totally against the spirit of running and sportsmanship . ”
Garima Dhamija , an official pacer for this year 's HDFC Bank Millennium City Marathon , has found themselves jostling with runners as they crowd the pit stop , pushing and snatching bottles from volunteers . “ All you have to do is make eye contact , call out to a volunteer or just extend your hand before reaching the station and you will be handed a cup . Do n't crowd the water station , ” says Dhamija , a 43-year-old Gurugram-based consultant .
Bring your own bib
Run on your own bibs , says Kavitha Reddy , a 43-year-old homemaker from Pune and podium finisher in several races . “ Often runners do not plan their races in advance and then reach out to people who are registered but unlikely to run and take their place , ” they say . “ This is unsportsmanlike behaviour , ” they say .
Look before you change lanes
The worst thing that can happen when you 're sprinting towards the finish line is another runner shunting into your lane . “ It 's very annoying since you 're forced to either change lanes , slow down or risk collision . It may sound like a minor adjustment , but reacting instantly at a time when you are tired can be stressful , ” says Saraogi . Runners who abruptly stop mid-course without warning are also a hazard . Bengaluru-based research fellow Aishwarya Subramanian , 29 , who once ran smack into another runner and hurt both their nose and race timing , says , “ If you must , stop on the side and use hand signals or your voice to warn other runners so that it does n't end up being a pile-up . ”
Do n't litter the course
Throwing used cups and bottles in the middle of the course is dangerous for the runners behind you . “ Runners should throw their trash on the sides , ” says 42-year-old Aditi Mehta , the Mumbai-based director of IT firm Mediaman Infotech . “ I have seen runners trip and slip on rubbish . ”
Mind where you spit
When the body is stressed , it produces more saliva or mucus , so it 's not unusual if people need to spit while running . The problem is how they do it . “ At the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon ( SCMM ) earlier this year , a participant spat bang in the middle of the race route without any consideration for the runners around him , ” says B. Rajesh , a 40-year-old Kolkata-based restaurateur . Basic courtesy demands that you never spit on or around fellow runners .
Saints will have to play much better than they did in their final home match of the regular season against Catalans Dragons on Sunday if they are to earn fifth place in the league ladder ahead of the Super 8s .
It remains in the lap of the Gods at this moment in time and even a win at fourth-placed Wakefield Trinity this coming weekend - and that in itself is a mountainous task - will make no difference to their current standing if Hull , who currently hold fifth spot and entertain Huddersfield Giants two days earlier , have already taken the points or secured a draw .
Realistically , sixth position seems more of an option and whether that will be good enough to eventually propel Justin Holbrook 's side into the top four in advance of the semi-final play-offs and then their seven title of the summer era is any body 's guess .
The coach , however , is not ruling out a late season surge and with five wins from their last eight fixtures since Holbrook took over the coaching reins , they have a valid point
“ If we can continue to improve then I would certainly back us in the play-offs , ” insisted the Aussie .
At the same time , they will be fully conscious of the fact that their side 's performance against their visitors from Perpignan on Sunday , especially in the opening 40 minutes , left a great deal to be desired and not the kind of credentials of a team hoping to repeat their 2014 Grand Final triumph over arch-rivals Wigan Warriors .
Whether complacency crept in and the players felt they only needed to turn up to topple the French strugglers is open to interpretation but they often made a rod for their own back with some weak defensive tackling .
Saints led rather fortuitously 20-18 at the interval of a topsy-turvy encounter in which the lead changed hands on a number of occasions and the second half followed a similar pattern until the hosts - seeking their seventh successive home victory of 2017 - ended the French resistance with a three-try burst in the last six minutes .
A 46-28 score line in the home side 's favour was a little flattering to say the least - but credit the players for the relentless way they finished the game at a time when the Dragons threatened to pull off a shock win and only trailed by two points as the clock ticked to the 70 minutes mark .
For the second week half back Theo Fages - playing against a team from the country of their birth - was named sponsor 's man of the match , scoring a try and generally leading from the front .
Again centre Mark Percival must have run their team-mate close for the individual accolade , scoring a try and landing nine goals and taking their points total for the season to 182 .
Holbrook will also be pleased that Saints ' seven-try haul came from different players and three via forwards Alex Walmsley and Louie McCarthy-Scarisbrick in a crucial first-half period after they had emerged from the bench , and a late Luke Thompson touch down .
But it far too close for comfort as far as the home fans were concerned until the penultimate minutes and one can only hope that if Saints face similar problems , as they are likely to do in the highly competitive Super 8s , they will respond in the same devastating fashion .
Saint tries : Fages , Walmsley , McCarthy-Scarsbrook , Lomax , Percival , Thompson , Morgan . Goals : Percival ( 9/10 ) .
Dragon tries : Horo ( 2 ) , Walsh , Gigot , Myler . Goals : Walsh ( 4/ 5 ) .
Penalties - St Helens 13 , Dragons 4 .
Half-time * : * 20-18 . Full time 46-28 .
Referee : Ben Thaler .
Attendance : 10,024 .
Teams - Saints : 1 . Jonny Lomax ; 2 . Tommy Makinson , 3 . Ryan Morgan , 4 . Mark Percival , 28 . Regan Grace ; 6 . Theo Fages , 24 . Danny Richardson ; 14 . Luke Douglas , 9 . James Roby , 16 . Luke Thompson , 36 . Zeb Taia , 18 . Dominique Peyroux , 12 . Jon Wilkin .
Subs : 8 . Alex Walmsley , 13 . Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook , 17 . Tommy Lee , 20 .
Morgan Knowles .
Dragons : 1 . Tony Gigot ; 33 . Lewis Tierney , 3 . Krisnan Inu , 18 . Vincent Duport , 5 . Fouad Yaha ; 6 . Luke Walsh , 7 . Richie Myler ; 8 . Sam Moa , 9 . Paul Aiton , 14 . Julian Bousquet , 11 . Louis Anderson , 12 . Justin Horo , 17 . Jason Baitieri .
Subs : 10 . Remi Casty , 13 . Greg Bird , 23 . Alrix Da Costa , 32 . Romain Navarrete .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teen thug who left a grandma needing plastic surgery after launching a horrific unprovoked attack has walked free from court with a £20 fine .
Wendy Feast , 52 , was left with serious injuries to their head , face and hands as they tried to defend themselves from the yob armed with a plank of wood with a nail on the end .
The 14-year-old , who can not be named for legal reasons , was found guilty of robbery and burglary at Blackburn Magistrates ' Court on Monday .
But Wendy 's family have been left furious after they walked free from court with a sentence of just one week of community service .
They were also asked to pay just £20 as a 'fine ' to the victim , and only when they turn 18 in four years time .
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
Wendy 's daughter Lindsey said : `` The sentence is disgusting - this person should be getting done for attempted murder .
`` It sends out a message that people can just go and bash a woman 's head in and get away with it - this is soft justice and the sentence is a real joke . ''
The attack happened at Wendy 's home in Blackburn , Lancs. , on January 5 earlier this year .
The robber stole the keys to to the Gill News and Off Licence where Wendy worked and used them to get inside - and steal cash .
The crook also took Wendy 's mobile phone .
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
Lindsey said their mum had suffered four gashes on their head , an open fracture on their finger and black eyes and was left needing plastic surgery .
Describing their mum 's injuries , Lindsey said : `` She was bleeding and all you could see was blood everywhere .
`` She was in a serious condition and they managed to stitch them up .
`` Mum then had to have plastic surgery to the top of their forehead , top of their eyebrow and under their chin . ''
After leaving hospital two days later , Lindsey said mum Wendy eventually returned home - but was forced them to give up their off licence job because they were too frightened .
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
( Image : Feast family / SWNS.com )
Lindsey added : `` She 's been left traumatised by what happened - not just physically but also mentally .
`` Mum suffers quite bad panic attacks .
`` She 's had to come and stay with me and myself and my partner had to come and stay with them when they did return home . ''
Lindsey says they will continue to 'fight for justice ' for their mum and plans to set up a petition against the sentence .
They added : `` It 's not only had a big impact on my mum but also on the whole family - we will continue to fight for proper justice and a tougher sentence . ''
My niece Millie and I are incredibly grateful for those who protect our freedom ! ( Swipe to watch Millie call the Military 😍 ) Happy # July4th ! ! ! 🇺🇸 @ winsforwarriors
A post shared by Kate Upton ( @ kateupton ) on Jul 4 , 2018 at 11:38am PDT
JOHANNESBURG - The opposition Democratic Alliance said on Wednesday it was unacceptable that only 12 percent of entrepreneurs assisted by Gauteng province 's social development department over the last five years were still operational .
Out of the 294 businesses assisted by the department , only 35 have survived , DA shadow member of the executive committee ( MEC ) for social development Refiloe Nt'sekhe said , citing a response from substantive MEC Nandi Mayathula-Khoza to oral questions in the Gauteng provincial legislature .
`` Given the poor economic climate of Gauteng , where young people are struggling to find jobs , it is unacceptable that this number is so low , '' Nt'sekhe said .
During the 2016/2017 financial year 11,180 young people went through the department 's youth entrepreneurship programme .
Nt'sekhe said while the department had exceeded its targets in training youth , they were `` clearly not being provided with the necessary skills needed to run a successful business '' .
`` The department of social development and the department of economic development in Gauteng need to work together to ensure that more businesses are established by the young people , '' Nt'sekhe said .
`` These businesses should also receive the necessary guidance and support to ensure that they are sustainable . ''
- African News Agency ( ANA )
A Bristol bus driver has been accused of reading a newspaper while stopped at a red light in Lawrence Hill .
In a picture taken by a passerby , the driver appears to be holding something in their hands , which the witness said was a newspaper .
The incident happened on Friday afternoon ( August 11 ) on Church Road at the Lawrence Hill Roundabout at around 4.20pm .
According to the witness , the driver of the First bus was reading the newspaper at the lights and “ had a right flick through . ”
It is unclear from the picture what service the bus is or what newspaper the driver appears to be reading .
There is no specific law banning reading behind the wheel , but someone taking the risk could be prosecuted for dangerous driving , according to the Crown Prosecution Service .
Dangerous driving includes being in control of a vehicle while avoidable or dangerously distracted , like when reading a newspaper .
A spokesperson for First Bristol said : `` The safety of our customers is our highest priority . We do not tolerate any action from any employee that may compromise the safety of our customers .
`` Drivers must remain focused and alert at all times while in control of the vehicle and therefore , we are very concerned to learn of this reported incident .
`` We have launched an internal investigation as a matter of urgency . ''
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Luke Shaw wants to stay at Manchester United and fight for their place in the team , Mirror Sport understands .
The former Southampton full-back has endured a nightmare year at Old Trafford , playing just nine times in all competitions in 2017 and just three times this season .
Manager Jose Mourinho has regularly aired their frustrations with Shaw , but relations between the pair have improved in recent weeks .
Shaw played the full 90 minutes in the 2-1 Champions League victory over CSKA Moscow last week , and was named in the matchday squad for Sunday 's Manchester derby .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : REUTERS )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And the seven-times capped England international is now ready to stay and challenge Ashley Young for a first-team place before reviewing their position again in the summer , with Mourinho now believed to be happier to pick them in the side over the coming weeks .
Having blanked them earlier in the season , the Portuguese boss is now on speaking terms with Shaw again , and has sensed an improvement in the player 's attitude .
Shaw signed a four-year deal when they joined United from Southampton in June 2014 , although United used an option to extend it by a further 12 months earlier this season .
By DANIEL WEISS
Monday , December 11 , 2017
Queen Ankhnespepy II was among the most powerful female leaders of Egypt 's Old Kingdom . They were married to two kings of the Sixth Dynasty—Pepy I and Merenre—and served as regent when their son Pepy II became king at the age of six . New discoveries by the Swiss-French archaeological mission at the Saqqara necropolis are providing further evidence of their importance . The team has found what appear to be the top portions of the two obelisks that would have stood at the entrance to the queen 's funerary temple . Both measure 3.5 feet on a side , and the larger is around eight feet tall , making it the largest Old Kingdom obelisk fragment yet discovered and indicating that the full obelisk would have stood more than 16 feet tall . Notably , the obelisks were made of granite , which was usually reserved for kings .
The team , led by Philippe Collombert of the University of Geneva , also found a wooden statue head whose stylistic features—thin cheeks , large circular earrings—suggest it dates to the New Kingdom , though there are no wealthy graves from that period in the area . There is a very slight chance the head could represent Queen Ankhnespepy II , says Collombert . Radiocarbon dating will , they hope , help find the answer .
© McClatchy Washington Bureau/the daily trump
`` it is obvious that the author of the paragraph complained of in the Florida proceedings would be a relevant witness in defamation proceedings which are entirely based on the allegations in that paragraph , in a jurisdiction where the plaintiffs have to prove that the allegations are false . ''
`` We 're thrilled that the English Court has ordered Mr. Steele to sit for their deposition , '' Fray-Witzer said . `` It was always amazing to us that they could talk as freely as they have to reporters around the world about the dossier , yet refuse to sit for a deposition about the same topics . ''
`` Buzzfeed published information about Mr. Gubarev and their companies that was unverified and untrue and they seem to be hoping to scuttle the deposition of the person most positioned to testify to those facts , '' they told TheDCNF .
The former British spy who wrote the infamous dossier has been ordered to appear for a deposition in a lawsuit over the salacious document filed in the U.S.A British court orderedwhich alleges that the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential campaign . Steele 's report was funded by the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee . BuzzFeed News published the 35-page document in Jan. 2017.a Russian business person named in the dossier , The dossier claims that Gubarev was recruited as a Russian spy and that their web hosting companies were used to infiltrate the DNC 's computer systems.Gubarev 's lawyers have tried for months to force the London-based Steele to provide a deposition for the lawsuit against BuzzFeed , which is being heard in federal court in Florida . Steele has resisted the efforts to provide a deposition , arguing that Gubarev 's lawyers are attempting to use their deposition in the BuzzFeed case in order to collect information for use in the lawsuit pending against them in the U.K.A judge on the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court in London ruled : Evan Fray-Witzer , a lawyer for Gubarev , praised the decision : Fray-Witzer told The Daily Caller News Foundation a date has not been set for the deposition , but will likely be held within the next 4-6 weeks . Fray-Witzer says that their team recently narrowed the scope of the information it sought from Steele.Fray-Witzer says that their team has agreed not to ask Steele about their sources . They also say that Steele has chosen not to appeal the decision .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Neville has predicted the result of Liverpool 's Champions League semi-final tie with Roma - and Reds supporters wo n't be happy .
Jurgen Klopp 's men battered Manchester City over two legs in the quarter-finals , despite Pep Guardiola 's side going into the match as strong favourites .
Liverpool won the first leg 3-0 at Anfield , netting all three goals in the first half of a thrilling encounter in which Mohamed Salah stole the show .
In the second leg Gabriel Jesus opened the scoring for the Citizens in just two minutes , as the home side attempted to pull off an unlikely comeback at the Etihad .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
But Liverpool were a different side after the break , and netted two vital away goals through Salah and Roberto Firmino to record a 5-1 aggregate win over the Premier League champions .
Roma on the other hand pulled off an even more remarkable result in overcoming a 4-1 deficit from the first leg against Barcelona to beat them 3-0 in Italy , and progress to the semi-finals of the competition .
Ahead of the fixture Neville was asked for their opinion on how they think the tie will pan out , and told Sky Sports : `` I 'm going for Liverpool to win their first leg 2-1 in my Super 6 predictions .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Reuters )
`` But I 'll add that I also think they 'll get knocked out over the two legs , with Roma a very different proposition and capable of frustrating Jurgen Klopp 's attack . ''
Former Liverpool left-back John Arne Riise also gave their opinion on the outcome of the tie , telling Gazzetta dello Sport : `` Roma are slight favourites because they will play the return game at the Olimpico .
`` I will be there to watch it and it will be a show . But winning at Anfield is an impossible deed , European nights there are special . Liverpool are Champions League animals . ''
( Image : Stadium Astro / Youtube )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
They added : `` Roma found a great coach , you do n't get to the Champions League semi-finals by chance . But [ Di Francesco ] will need an antidote to Liverpool 's attacking trio .
`` I do n't think Pep Guardiola did anything wrong - I just think some nights it 's impossible to stop [ Mohamed ] Salah , [ Sadio ] Mane and [ Roberto ] Firmino '' .
As flash floods ripped through Ellicott City , Maryland , Angelina Brannigan was trapped inside their clothing boutique screaming for help . Across the street , another woman heard them and called 911 .
“ She 's right now standing on top of their counter screaming , ” the woman told a dispatcher . “ She 's screaming at the top of their lungs . ”
A series of 911 calls released by the Howard County Police on Tuesday detailed the chaos and fear after a massive storm triggered flash floods in Ellicott City on Sunday , killing an Army National Guardsman .
As water quickly flooded buildings and upended cars , police say , 911 dispatchers received more than 1,100 calls and emergency responders conducted 300 rescues .
Brannigan was rescued after they broke their storefront window , letting some water flow out of the building , they wrote on Facebook .
“ I prayed while I waited to be rescued . I have no upstairs so I was trapped , ” they wrote . “ Words can not express the fear I had while holding on . ”
‘ Are we gon na die , ma'am ? '
Dozens of patrons ran to the upper floor at Tea on the Tiber — a Victorian tearoom in the historic downtown — when water quickly rushed inside , turning tables and pushing through the walls .
“ We are coming as fast as we can , ” a dispatcher said .
“ Are we gon na die , ma'am ? , ” the caller asked .
“ Honey , I 'm going to do my best so that does not happen , ” the dispatcher replied .
Wedding interrupted
Right before tying the knot , a bride , a groom and dozens of their wedding guests were forced to find shelter at nearby Mexican restaurant .
“ The river basically flooded out the whole thing and we evacuated to this restaurant , ” the wedding planner said . “ Many people 's cars have been washed away . ”
“ We 're in the heart of the flood , ” a second person calling from the restaurant said . “ We were trying to get them all up . ”
KISSES Delavin who relished their rare photo opportunity with Maine Mendoza , defended Alden Richards ' ka-loveteam nang ma-bash ito ng isa niyang follower .
One @ trishaalcantara07 reacted nang makita niyang magkasama ang former PBB housemate at si Maine sa isang photo .
“ Yak ! si Maine ? OMG… .. I hate her , ” came Kisses ' fan 's reaction .
Agad-agad naman dumepensa si Kisses and said , “ She is loved and admired [ by ] so many people and I 'm one of them . And btw , if you meet her , you will regret saying that . ”
Maine showed appreciation sa selfie photo niya with Kisses and Pinoy Big Brother Lucky Season 7 big winner Maymay Entrata . “ It was super nice meeting you guys , lalo na kayo ni Maymay ! Hope to see you again soon ! ” say ni Maine .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young mum who still wants a relationship with the man accused of killing their baby son was punched `` full force in the stomach '' by him , a court has heard .
Katie Strawhorn 's mother , Angela Bryce , claimed that their 20-year-old daughter also told them that their boyfriend grabbed them by the throat , the Daily Record reports .
Jack ­Butterworth is on trial at the High Court in Glasgow , Scotland , accused of the culpable homicide of their and Katie 's baby boy , Lucas , in November 2016 .
The 18-year-old is accused of attacking their girlfriend while they were heavily pregnant with the infant , and denies all of the charges against him .
Earlier this week , Katie told prosecutor Ashley Edwards QC that they looked to Butterworth for support after Lucas died and they wanted to continue the relationship .
The advocate depute asked her : “ Do you still want it to happen ? '
Katie said : “ It 's hard ... yes . ”
Them mum , Mrs Bryce , gave evidence at Butterworth 's trial yesterday .
Prosecutors claim the defendant assaulted Katie when they were 36 weeks pregnant and that they suffered a “ placental abruption ” resulting in the tot being born by emergency section .
The baby was said to be so badly injured that they died five days later .
Mrs Bryce , 46 , told the court they had an argument with Katie at their house and their daughter grabbed a knife from the kitchen .
They claimed they grabbed Katie by the throat to stop them and their daughter said : “ That 's what Jack does to me as well . ”
Mrs Bryce told the court that while cuddling on the sofa and crying , their daughter “ told them everything that happened ” .
They alleged : “ She told me that Jack punched their full force in the stomach . ”
( Image : Spindrift Photo Agency )
The witness said their daughter said they had turned round and Jack punched them
Ashley Edwards QC , prosecuting , asked : “ Did you and Katie discuss what they were going to do with the information ? ”
Mrs Bryce replied : “ I said to Katie , ‘ You know what you have to do ' . ‘ I do , mum ' . That was the conversation . ”
They said they believed Katie would go to the police .
Council housing officer Alison Watt earlier told the trial that Katie revealed they were having a baby .
Asked if they planned at to keep it , Miss Watt said : “ She advised us that it was their intention to terminate the pregnancy .
“ She advised that they wanted to remain with Jack and the only way that would happen was if they terminated the pregnancy .
“ She would rather be with Jack than the baby . ”
Miss Watt also told the jury that Katie had always been “ very confident ” but that they had become “ very withdrawn ” .
( Image : PA )
They also reported hearing raised voices during a visit to Katie 's home in Kilmarnock in May last year and said Katie seemed “ upset ” .
Butterworth was at the house and Miss Watt claimed they were “ angry and pent up . ”
Katie 's elder sister , Emma McLaughlin , told the court that , when visiting Lucas in hospital , Butterworth told them that their sister had fallen .
They claimed : `` Jack told me they had been going for ice lollies and Katie fell .
`` He was looking me straight in the eye . ''
Butterworth is said to have assaulted Katie at addresses in Kilmarnock on November 3 last year .
They are accused of kicking them on the stomach , chasing them and causing them to fall .
Butterworth faces a separate charge of assaulting Katie between January and November 2016 .
A further charge claims they behaved in a threatening manner towards them and another woman .
They deny all charges and the trial continues .
PayMaya squanders a two-set lead but pulls through in the deciding 5th set versus BanKo Perlas
Published 5:37 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The PayMaya High Flyers kept their semifinal hopes alive after slipping past the BanKo Perlas Spikers in a 5-set thriller , 28-26 , 25-16 , 25-27 , 25-27 , 15-12 , in the Premier Volleyball League ( PVL ) Season 2 Reinforced Conference on Wednesday , July 4 at FilOil Flying V Centre in San Juan .
Tess Rountree carried the High Flyers with 34 points built on 27 attacks , 5 aces , and two blocks as Grethcel Soltones also delivered with 22 points off 18 attacks and 3 aces .
The do-or-die semifinal game is set on Friday , July 4 at the same venue .
The High Flyers looked headed for a sweep but the Perlas Spikers rallied behind Kia Bright and Jutarat Montripila to force a deciding 5th set .
`` Nagpigil ng palo yung import ( Rountree ) ko nung 4th set . Naging tentative , parang nag-aalangan kung papaluin nang malakas eh . Kaya nga sabi ko sa kanya , 'hit it as hard as you can , do n't worry about the block , ' '' said PayMaya head coach Roger Gorayeb .
( Our import , Rountree , hesitated with their attacks in the 4th set . They became tentative , like they were unsure if they would go hard on attacks . That 's why I told her , 'hit as hard as you can , do n't worry about the block . )
The High Flyers were already at match point , 24-22 , but Montripila spearheaded the Perlas Spikers ' comeback to force a 4th set .
Gaining momentum from the 3rd frame , the Perlas Spikers managed to force a decider behind Montripila 's consecutive attacks before Bright closed it in their favor , 27-25 .
The Perlas Spikers looked poised to complete their comeback but the High Flyers managed to hold on before Soltones ' through-the-block attack sealed the win .
Bright , who led the Perlas Spikers in Game 1 , topscored with 35 points off 33 attacks and two blocks while Montripila had 23 points , including 21 attacks . – Carla Molina/Rappler.com
Trainer Chris Gangemi expects Battle Hero to hold the front from their inside draw and prove hard to beat in today 's Listed Scenic Blast Stakes ( 1200m ) at Ascot .
Gangemi is anticipating a repeat of the Listed Summer Scorcher ( 1000m ) on January 1 when Battle Hero held out speedsters Potent Secret and Caipirinha to set the pace .
The former Bob Peters-owned sprinter held on late to beat Caipirinha by a long head and faces a rematch with that mare today .
Gangemi said Battle Hero had thrived with a break of almost five weeks between runs .
“ I 'm happier with them now than I was leading i nto the Scorcher , ” Gangemi said .
“ He had a few setbacks before that , but since their last run everything 's gone beautifully .
“ Hopefully he 'll hold the front like last start and I think he 'll be hard to beat .
“ Caipirinha might jump a bit quicker but I think he 'll hold the front on the inside . ”
A winner at eight of 28 starts , Battle Hero is on the third line of betting at $ 4.60 for the Scenic Blast .
Jockey Peter Knuckey expects to be fine to ride them today despite battling a bout of gastro .
Caipirinha heads the TABtouch market at $ 3.30 from Dainty Tess , who is a $ 3.50 chance .
Dan Morton , the trainer of champion sprinter Scenic Blast , was thrilled to regain William Pike to ride Dainty Tess .
The champion jockey has an outstanding record of four wins and two seconds from six rides on the tough mare .
“ He knows the mare very well , ” Morton told TABradio .
“ She 's drawn a little bit awkward , so we 'll just have to see how that pans out during the run .
“ She 's going well so hopefully she 'll go very well tomorrow . ”
Dainty Tess jumps from the outside gate in the field of nine .
The War Chant four-year-old ran second to Caipirinha in the Listed Miss Andretti Stakes ( 1100m ) last start on January 13 .
Pike and Morton teamed up to win the Scenic Blast with Red Ora in 2016 .
The site of a small Bay Shore power plant shuttered by the state more than 20 years ago has been sold by the Suffolk County Landbank in a complex transaction that will turn a county tax liability into a tax producer , officials said .
The former Hubbard Power & Light site at 1600 Fifth Ave. was closed by the state Department of Environmental Conservation in 1995 for burning nonapproved material , according to bankruptcy court documents .
Despite being closed and the company in bankruptcy , the site has remained on the county tax rolls for 23 years , with tax liens totaling about $ 6.5 million . Islip Town has collected millions of dollars from the county , including annual property taxes and the cost for a one-time cleanup after a fire .
The county and its Landbank , which facilitates the rehabilitation of such sites to make them productive , began working last year to expedite the sale , which was completed in February .
Vincent Trapani , a Bay Shore business person who formerly owned car-parts maker USA Industries in the town , paid $ 343,000 for the 1.8-acre property . Trapani is in a position to grieve the taxes , which stand at $ 344,749 a year including interest and penalties , county officials said .
Trapani is in the process of rehabilitating the site , including a 6,000-square-foot building that houses the old power generator for use as a truck overhaul facility , they said .
“ My goal is to see what we can do about cleaning it up and creating jobs , ” Trapani said .
Through its 23 years of delinquency , the property remained under the nominal ownership of Hubbard Power & Light , which filed for bankruptcy protection in 1996 .
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Last year the Landbank received legislative authority to issue a request for proposals for the land , and accepted Trapani 's offer . The Landbank received county comptroller permission to transfer the liens on the property to the new buyer . About $ 6.5 million in past liens were forgiven as part of the transaction . The land had an appraised value of just over $ 1 million .
“ The sale of this property , which has sat vacant for over two decades , will save hundreds of thousands of dollars for taxpayers while creating jobs in Bay Shore , ” County Executive Steve Bellone said in a statement .
Dorian Dale , director of sustainability and chief recovery officer for the county , said one big benefit for the county is “ avoided cost . The longer these properties hang out there , the longer we continue to pick up the tax bill . ”
Sarah Lansdale , Suffolk 's planning director and executive director of the Landbank , said the process included notice “ multiple times ” to the previous owners of the property about the pending sale . They said it 's the fourth time the Landbank has sold a property in such a way , and there are similar bid requests out for 13 other properties .
The Landbank , founded in 2013 , has more than 130 properties on its rolls . It has been able to get the owners of 70 of those properties to become active in their payments , generating more than $ 5.5 million in back tax payments , Lansdale said .
Salman Khurshid told reporters on Tuesday that they were only responding to a question posed during the AMU event . Photo : PTI
New Delhi : The Congress party on Tuesday dissociated itself from a controversial comment made by senior party leader Salman Khurshid that the party 's hands were stained with the blood of Muslims .
At an event in Aligarh Muslim University ( AMU ) on Sunday , a student asked Khurshid how the Congress party will wash the blood stains of Muslims on its hands , referring to riots that happened during its rule .
“ It is a political question . There is blood on our hands . I am also a part of the Congress , so let me say it , we have blood on our hands . Is this why you are trying to tell us that if someone attacks you , we must not come forward to protect you ? ” Khurshid said at the event , according to a report by Press Trust of India .
Khurshid told reporters on Tuesday that they were only responding to a question posed during the AMU event .
The Congress party was quick to distance itself from the former Union minister 's comments . “ Salman Khurshid is a senior leader but as far as this comment is concerned , Congress party is in complete disagreement . This could be their personal views , but Congress party has nothing to do with it , ” P.L . Punia , senior party leader and spokesperson told reporters .
“ I would also like to say this pre- and post-Independence , Congress party has always taken all the sections of the society together . We have always been against such elements which want to do politics by dividing people in the name of religion , ” Punia added .
The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) attacked the Congress party over the controversial comments . Sambit Patra , national spokesperson of BJP told reporters in Bengaluru on Tuesday that Khurshid has admitted that Congress 's hands were stained with the blood of Muslims and also “ revealed the truth ” behind the “ Save the Constitution ” campaign which was launched by Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Monday .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The former Masterchef contest who died during the London Marathon has helped raise over £100,000 for charity .
Matt Campbell , 29 , collapsed after running 22.5miles during Sunday 's race and despite doctors giving them medical treatment on the side of the track they later passed away in hospital .
Campbell , from the Lake District , was running the marathon for The Brathay Trust in memory of their father Martin who died suddenly 18 months ago .
Campbell had been aiming to raise £2,500 for the children 's charity but well-wishers have donated £106,305 through the professional chef 's JustGiving page .
Campbell took part in MasterChef : The Professionals last year , before reaching the semi-finals . They had completed the Manchester Marathon two weeks ago in under three hours .
They had also finished two Brathay Windermere Marathons , and completed the course in 3:03:50 in 2017 but despite their marathon history , this was their London Marathon debut .
Campbell has been predicted to finish in 3:07:01 according to the official London Marathon tracker - having reached the halfway point in just under 90 minutes .
Dad Martin had urged them to give marathons a try , with Campbell writing on their JustGiving page : `` Go on , why do n't you give it a go ? I know you can do it ! ''
The marathon was the hottest in the 38-year history history of the event - with mercury hitting 23.2 degrees Celsius and competitors struggling with the heat .
Campbell wrote on the MasterChef Facebook page on Saturday : `` Myself and Tom Peters after meeting in the final 12 of MasterChef have decided to run London Marathon together , I 'm running for @ brathayevents and Tom is running for @ asthmauk .
`` We are nervous but feeling fit and ready ! Gon na be as hot as the MasterChef kitchen was last year it looks like . ''
A London Marathon statement said : `` With deep sadness , we confirm the death of a participant in the 2018 Virgin Money London Marathon .
`` Matt Campbell , aged 29 , a professional chef from the Lake District , collapsed at the 22.5 mile mark and , although they received immediate medical treatment on the scene from race doctors , they died later in hospital .
( Image : mattsoire/Instagram )
`` Matt was a well-known chef who featured in Masterchef : The Professionals last year , inspiring viewers with their Nutritional Gastronomy movement and forward-thinking ideas .
`` He was running for The Brathay Trust and in memory of their father , Martin , who died in the summer of 2016 .
( Image : mattsoire/Instagram )
`` Matt 's family today paid tribute to their inspirational son and brother , who was a keen marathon runner and had earlier this month completed the Manchester Marathon in under 3 hours .
`` Matt 's chosen charity , The Brathay Trust , inspires vulnerable young people to make positive changes in their lives : https : //www.justgiving.com/fundraising/mattcampbell-londonmarathon
`` Everyone involved in the organisation of the London Marathon would like to express our sincere condolences to Matt 's family and friends .
( Image : mattsoire/Instagram )
`` No further details will be released and the family has asked for privacy . The exact cause of death will be established by later medical examination . ''
Campbell is the 12th person to die during a London Marathon - with 31-year-old David Seath passing away from a heart attack in 2016 the previous tragedy .
Before the race they had appeared in fine spirits as they posed with a pal Tom Peters at the start line , with Masterchef presenter Michel Roux Jr wishing them `` Good luck chef '' .
Peters , who is also a chef , ran alongside Campbell during the race and was stunned by the news of their death . They tweeted : `` It 's just awful , truly shocking . ''
Celebrity chef Jay Rayner lead the tributes , they tweeted : `` Awful news . I presented Matt with an award for outstanding achievement at last month 's Cumbria Life Food and Drink Awards . They were clever and , as my colleague @ gracedent said in @ obsefood only yesterday , hugely creative and innovative . My thoughts are with their family . ''
Food critic Grace Dent , who had written about Campbell over the weekend , posted : Brilliant , clever , funny , incredibly talented Matt . This is unfathomable . ''
During their time on MasterChef : The Professionals , Campbell was described as `` the future '' by Gregg Wallace .
On the show they wowed the judges with their talented and ground-breaking cooking .
One dish - described by the promising chef as a `` vegan raw cacoa delice encased in a Jerusalem artichoke rosti tuile '' , was branded `` fascinating '' and `` impressive '' by the stunned judges .
`` I wanted to make a dish where you 're not going to miss the sugar , you 're not going to miss the butter ... we 'll have to wait and see , '' they told Gregg and Monica Galetti .
`` You may well be the future , if it works , '' Gregg replied .
`` I 'm fighting for the vegans , '' Matt revealed to the camera while whipping up the daring dessert .
After trying it out , Gregg told him : `` I 'm getting all the things I love in a dessert . I 'm really amazed that you can take almond milk and a Jerusalem artichoke and turn it into this .
`` I think this is brilliant . ''
Monica then told him : `` Wow . I do n't recall having a dessert like it before . It makes me think outside of the box in understanding how you 've made this… That 's impressive . ''
Vercelli , January 2 - Christmas creches in two towns near Vercelli were vandalised in the last few days , sources said Monday . In one town statuettes were decapitated while in another a figurine of the Baby Jesus went missing .
Stock Market Takes A Plunge After a series of record increases , the stock market took a serious tumble this week . The main cause appears to be new worries about inflation .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Arsenal striker 'Lord ' Nicklas Bendtner scored an incredible outside of the boot goal for Rosenborg on Saturday .
The 29-year-old , who is more known for the opinion they hold of themselves than their football ability , finally left the Gunners in 2013 after spending nine years at the club .
After failed spells at Wolfsburg and Nottingham Forest , Bendtner seems to have finally found their feet at Rosenborg .
Since joining the Norwegian side , the great Dane has scored nine goals in 18 appearances .
( Image : QuinDesigns free intros/Youtube )
( Image : QuinDesigns free intros/Youtube )
A stat which has helped take Rosenborg to the top of Eliteserien .
Bendtner stole headlines with this stunning strike back in May , but their latest goal is far superior .
( Image : QuinDesigns free intros/Youtube )
In Saturday 's away game against league rivals Molde - who are still managed by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - the striker drew the game level with a breathtaking strike .
Collecting the ball just inside the right of the box , Bendtner brilliantly struck the ball with the outside of their boot first time sending it into the top left corner .
The fantastic 73rd minute effort also sparked a comeback . 12 minutes later Anders Konradsen found a winner .
CONTENDER : Brisbane trainer Tony Gollan is coming to the July racing carnival at Grafton next week .
CONTENDER : Brisbane trainer Tony Gollan is coming to the July racing carnival at Grafton next week . Graham Potter ( horseracingonly.c
QUEENSLAND trainers are poised to launch their biggest ever assault on the Grafton July racing carnival , drawn by the record prizemoney of almost $ 1.4 million over the five meetings .
The ever-increasing prizemoney for NSW country meetings compared to the amounts available for comparable meetings in Queensland have been a big lure for trainers from north of the border for the past two years .
The number of Queensland-trained starters at TAB meetings on the NSW North Coast from Coffs Harbour to the border has set new records , adding greater depth and competition to racing on the Northern Rivers .
That will never be more obvious than at the Grafton carnival that starts today . The total prizemoney for the five meetings is $ 1.37 million plus bonuses , with an emphasis on increased minimum prizemoney for the supporting races .
The supporting races on Grafton Cup day ( July 12 ) have risen to a minimum of $ 40,000 , while the lowest prizemoney for supporting races on Ramornie Handicap day ( July 11 ) is $ 30,000 .
The minimum prizemoney on the other three days ( July 5 , 8 and 15 ) is $ 20,000 .
With nominations for the Ramornie and Grafton Cup programs not closing until 11am today , the response from Queensland trainers for the first two meetings of the carnival is a positive sign that they will be represented by record numbers on the major days .
Nine Queensland trainers , the majority from Brisbane , Gold Coast and Toowoomba , have accepted with 24 horses for today 's opening meeting of the carnival , where the feature races are the Grafton Cup Prelude and the John Carlton Cup .
Sunday 's South Grafton Cup meeting has attracted 30 entries from 14 Queensland trainers .
The Queenslanders represented by acceptors and entries on the first two days include Tony Gollan , Toby Edmonds , Chris Munce , Danny Bougoure , Steve O'Dea , Bryan and Daniel Guy , Michael Costa , Brian Dais , Ben Ahrens , Marcus Wilson , John Smerdon , Chris Meagher , Billy and Dale Healy and David Joice .
`` The Queenslanders are going to be here in force over the carnival , ” Clarence River Jockey Club chief executive Michael Beattie said . `` It 's an obvious response to our prizemoney increases for the supporting races and will heighten the competition in many of those events . ”
Sunday 's $ 50,000 Grafton Toyota South Grafton Cup ( 1600m ) has attracted 18 entries .
There are few people in the federal acquisition community who are on a higher trajectory than Jose Arrieta .
The General Services Administration 's director of the Office of IT 70 Schedule Contract Operations not only rejects the risk averse culture of the government , but they are n't afraid to take on bigger challenges .
To that end , sources confirmed Arrieta is leaving GSA to become the deputy assistant secretary for acquisition and senior procurement executive at the Department of Health and Human Services .
Sources say Arrieta , who joined GSA about a year ago , will start at HHS in early January 2018 .
They replace Angela Billups , who joined the Education Department as its deputy chief acquisition officer and SPE in January 2017 .
Arrieta 's decision to move to a larger agency with an acquisition budget of $ 24.7 billion in fiscal 2017 , according to USASpending.gov , is only surprising in the fact that they stayed at GSA for just a year .
During their tenure at GSA , Arrieta led the effort to test out the cybersecurity concept called blockchain . They told Federal News Radio in November that blockchain would make it easier for vendors on the Schedule 70 IT program to establish contracts through automation .
The fact that Arrieta experimented with an emerging technology and proved it out sends an important signal not only for other acquisition professionals , but also that GSA is willing to let its people take smart risks . Few other agencies , the Homeland Security Department is one exception , would allow an employee to experiment with a key program like Schedule 70 .
Before coming to GSA , Arrieta worked at the Treasury Department as its director of the Office of Small Disadvantage Business Utilization ( OSDBU ) and as the Homeland Security Department 's industry liaison and ombudsman .
This was Arrieta 's second stint at GSA . They also worked there from 2004 to 2010 as a procurement analyst and contracting officer .
It 's unclear who will replace Arrieta .
Another agency CIO is on the move
Kirit Amin , the CIO of the International Trade Commission , decided to retire after 11 years in government .
Amin has been the ITC 's CIO for three years , coming from the Commerce Department .
Advertisement
“ I came into federal government 11 years ago after I sold my last company and retired in 2006 . I wanted to do some good from the inside the government , ” Amin told Federal News Radio in an interview . “ As I reflect on my career , I think now I can do more on the outside than the inside . ”
Amin said their last day will be Jan. 6 , and they did n't know who will take over for them on interim basis .
“ I will work from the private sector side to help improve government , ” they said . “ I will work with organizations like ACT-IAC and others to help effect change . After 11 years on the inside , now I want to try from the outside . I 'm not going to ride off into the sunset . ”
Before coming to ITC , Amin was the deputy CIO and chief technology officer for Commerce . They also worked as the CTO and chief innovation officer at the Department of Housing and Urban Development . They began their federal career as the CIO for the State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affairs .
During their time at ITC , Amin pushed hard to modernize the agency 's technology infrastructure .
They also worked to reinvigorate the small agency CIO Council , saying small agencies need more help to modernize systems and meeting cybersecurity requirements . Amin helped draft ACT-IAC 's white paper on small agency IT modernization .
Amin will be my guest on my Ask the CIO program this week so tune in for our conversation addressing small agency challenges and their career .
NASA shared services loses staunch supporter
Mark Glorioso , the director of the NASA Shared Service Center , is retiring on Dec. 31 after more than 20 years in government .
The Shared Services Leadership Coalition announced Glorioso 's decision to retire and begin a consulting business .
Glorioso ran NASA 's shared services center since March 2014 at Stennis Space Center in Mississippi .
The center provides multi-function shared services , including financial management , IT , human resources , procurement services and business support services . The shared service center has an operating budget of $ 67 million and approximately $ 433 million in additional agency-provided funding for training and initiatives of benefit across the agency .
In some ways , NASA is a model for other agencies looking to consolidate and reduce the costs of back office IT . A 2014 report from the Partnership for Public Service and Deloitte found by locating its administrative support workforce in a single building , NASA personnel were able to more easily interact with each other , contractors and government team members . Team members could also participate in one another 's reviews , which made for stronger teams and greater management accountability .
NASA , however , never got into the governmentwide provider business , which may be why those who question shared services point to them as a model versus some of the others who continue to struggle to provide financial management services .
Former USPTO CIO finds a new home
It did n't take long for John Owens to find a new home . The long-time U.S. Patent and Trademark Office chief information officer , who retired on Nov. 2 after more than a decade , joined CGI Federal as a vice president in the emerging technologies practice .
CGI announced the hiring of Owens on Dec. 6 . CGI says Owens will lead the practice 's solution development group , where they will oversee the continued development of technologies for agencies .
During their tenure at USPTO , Owens helped transform the systems that run trademark and patent processing by implementing agile and dev/ops methodologies .
For example , Owens told me USPTO could now turn around software bug fixes in 24-to-48 hours , and is using two-to-three week sprints to develop new IT services for patent and trademark examiners with a goal of releasing new capabilities at least quarterly .
Owens is no stranger to the private sector . They spent 12 years at AOL before coming to USPTO , serving a technical director of the group who helped develop the Netscape Internet-service provider .
In the first 5 days itself , Ranbir Kapoor 's Sanju has grossed more than Salman Khan 's Race 3 at the box office .
New Delhi : After garnering around Rs 120 crore in the opening weekend , Sanju , Rajkumar Hirani 's biopic on troubled Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt , now appears to be on its way to join the Rs 200 crore club in the first week itself . Trade analysts say the Ranbir Kapoor-starring Sanju , already the second highest grosser of the year , is continuing its winning streak even on weekdays in a non-holiday season . According to box office figures , cited by trade analysts , Sanju opened at the box office last Friday and made Rs 34.75 crore , on Saturday Rs 38.6 crore , on Sunday Rs 46.71 crore , totalling over Rs 120 crore in the first three days itself .
On Day 4 , Monday , Sanju made Rs 25.35 crore and Rs 22.10 crore on Tuesday , a total Rs 167.51 crore in just five days . Bollywood trade analyst Komal Nahta said Sanju 's Monday collection was the biggest non-holiday Monday ever for any Hindi film .
# Sanju continues its EPIC RUN ... Shows INCREDIBLE TRENDING on weekdays ... Eyes ₹ 200 cr+ in Week 1 ... Fri 34.75 cr , Sat 38.60 cr , Sun 46.71 cr , Mon 25.35 cr , Tue 22.10 cr . Total : ₹ 167.51 cr . India biz ... Heading for BLOCKBUSTER status . — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) July 4 , 2018
If the film makes Rs 20 crore each on Wednesday and Thursday , Sanju will gross Rs 200 crore in the first week itself .
Sanju 's biggest threat at the box office was the Salman Khan starrer Race 3 , released two weeks ago , but a strong word of mouth in favour of Ranbir Kapoor 's film did the trick for producers . Sanju 's box office collection has already surpassed that of Race 3 and may even cross Deepika Padukone 's Padmaavat , the highest grosser of the year .
Like other Hirani films , Sanju is also making its mark at the international box office . In a list , compiled by comScore , of top 20 movies at US and Canadian theatres from Friday to Sunday Sanju stood at the 8th spot .
According to Bollywood Hungama , Sanju 's worldwide collections are nearing the Rs 250 crore mark .
And so , we arrive at the game . Well , not all of us . Super Bowl week is an exhausting thing to endure in person even when you are not trapped in the Mall of America in Minnesota for a week in the winter , and this correspondent felt if they were going to be put in a situation that could be so stressful and desperate that they might contemplate eating another sports reporter , they would prefer that happen at the Winter Olympics in South Korea , rather than in front of an Orange Julius . Cannibalism , as a rule , is less noticeable in a completely different time zone .
But hey , a Super Bowl week in a mall , finally . Two American traditions , only one of which is definitely dying .
Speaking of traditions , it 's the New England Patriots at the Super Bowl ! This is No . 8 since 2002 , or every second year or so , just like the Olympics ! This year 's Patriots have been slightly tweaked from last season : this time Rob Gronkowski is trying to come back from a concussion , rather than out of the game entirely . Also , this year 's Patriots played Marcus Mariota and Blake Bortles en route to the Super Bowl , rather than Brock Osweiler and Ben Roethlisberger . Strangely , this year was the tougher road .
But we are running out of things to say about the Patriots , so it 's been a slow Super Bowl week . There was the Philly columnist who wrote maybe it was no coincidence they employed a murderer in Aaron Hernandez . There was something about Brady getting mad at the Boston radio station they appear on , because they have apparently never listened to Boston sports radio . Apparently , Brady 's 11-year-old son also kissed their dad on the lips one time ? Which is OK !
There was . . . well , the most high-profile concussion talk all week that did n't include Gronkowski came when halftime act Justin Timberlake said of their 3-year-old son , “ Uh , they will never play football . No , no . ”
Oh , and Roger Goodell continued to refine their audio delivery system , speaking to the media as blandly as possible on a Wednesday afternoon away from the media centre in order to maximize their minimization . They used to do this on Fridays , and it was a showcase thing : now Goodell is all but hidden in the middle of the week , like NFL Play 60 Kids Day at Super Bowl Experience . Maybe it 's working . He 's no longer saying that while football is dangerous , sitting on your couch can also be dangerous . Big improvement there .
So , to the point : Can the game be great ? The Patriots have a long history of great Super Bowls , and the Seattle and Atlanta versions were two of the best football games you 'll ever see . For all their looming historic greatness , all the games are coin-flip jobs ; the first three wins by three points each , the losses to the Giants by three and four points , the comeback against Seattle for a four-point win , and coming back from 28-3 down to beat Atlanta in overtime . It 's always close .
And this game should be close ! The Eagles have a defence and skill players and a creative coach in Doug Pederson . The Eagles are really good .
And it 's still probably going to come down to Nick Foles , Hope of America . They are a 29-year-old with 42 career starts who considered quitting a couple years ago , and came back because they prayed to God , and they would not matter if Philly 's MVP-level starter , Carson Wentz , had not blown out their knee in week 14 .
Which , well . Foles looked awful this season until the NFC championship game , where they ripped apart one of the two best defences in football . The Eagles were already up 24-7 on Minnesota , which held opposing passers to a 73.0 rating this year , when the Eagles decided to run a flea flicker , and Foles gunned a perfect 41-yarder to Torrey Smith . It was a pure kill shot , the kind of thing Brady would have done back when they had Randy Moss to throw to .
Trump Facing Many Conflicts Of Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
As Donald Trump prepares to become president , he 's promising to explain how he 'll deal with the many conflicts of interest posed by their businesses and charitable foundation , even as they insist they pose `` no big deal . ''
But short of selling their properties and putting the proceeds in a blind trust , it 's not clear that Trump can completely resolve the controversies over their many businesses .
`` There 's a uniform consensus among everyone who does government ethics for a living ... those who are still in government and those who have left government , that Donald Trump must divest . He 's got to sell their holdings , through using a blind trust or the equivalent of it , as every president has done for 40 years , '' says Norm Eisen , former ethics adviser to President Obama , and a fellow at the Brookings Institution .
Since their election , Trump has settled some outstanding legal disputes , including lawsuits over Trump University and unionization drives at hotels in Las Vegas and Washington , D.C .
Trump 's efforts to put these issues behind them suggest they recognize that they and their family face serious conflicts of interest , Eisen says .
`` That being said , [ Trump 's actions ] are not enough . They are baby steps , when what we need is a giant leap , '' Eisen says .
Trump says they will hold a press conference soon to explain their plans for their extensive network of businesses , but has n't said when it will take place .
An earlier press conference to address the issue was cancelled in December . Their transition team cited the complexity of Trump 's businesses and said they needed more time to decide what to do .
But Trump themselves suggested to reporters in Palm Beach last week that addressing the conflicts was a simple matter and said their businesses are `` no big deal . ''
`` When I ran , people knew I have a very big business . So , I mean , they elected me at least partially for that reason . So I think that 's going to work out very easily . It 's actually a very simple situation , '' they said .
One issue that Trump appears eager to put behind them involves their charity , the Trump Foundation .
Trump has been accused of using money from the charity , most of which was donated by other people , to pay expenses related to their businesses . The foundation has acknowledged `` self-dealing '' on its tax returns , although it 's unclear what specific violations took place .
Trump announced on Christmas Eve that they would shutter the foundation , a move that makes sense , says former IRS official Philip Hackney , associate professor of law at Louisiana State University .
`` It begins to eliminate a minor conflict . I really think the Trump Organization is a much more significant conflict than the Trump Foundation was ever close to being , '' Hackney says .
But the New York Attorney-General 's office , which is investigating the charity , quickly scotched the idea of shutting it down prematurely .
Closing the foundation too soon could complicate the investigation , Eisen says .
`` We do n't want any information to disappear into the ether when the charity closes . That 's a particular problem for Donald Trump because they have a propensity for secrecy , '' they say .
Trent Dilfer is a former NFL quarterback , so of course he 'd enjoy watching the finer points of good quarterback play .
As a regular person , Dilfer also enjoys the normal things in life . Like ice cream .
“ I personally do n't like Rocky Road that much , ” they said via phone Tuesday , “ but I love mint chip . ”
At first glance , football and ice cream have very little in common . But when Dilfer , a 13-year NFL veteran and former ESPN analyst , was asked to break down the quarterback class in Thursday 's NFL draft , the two otherwise unrelated things intertwined about as seamlessly as a soft-serve twist .
“ I think generally , everybody likes ice cream , right ? ” Dilfer said . “ It 's awesome . Ice cream is just awesome . But we all do n't like the same flavors of ice cream . . . I think that 's how you have to look at this class . In general , they 're ice cream . They 're all really good . They 're awesome . But it 's what flavor you like of quarterback . ”
Indeed , the top five quarterbacks in this class – Sam Darnold , Josh Rosen , Baker Mayfield , Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson – all have different skillsets , strengths and weaknesses .
“ Darnold is kind of the guy , in my book , that has it all , ” Dilfer said during a call to promote Panini America 's upcoming digital rookie cards on draft night via iCollectPanini.com . “ He has the temperament , the no-flinch mentality , the natural leadership skills , the physical skillset , the demeanor . I could throw a million terms at this that just works . It works almost anywhere . ” ”
But there 's still the hypothetical five who may not like Darnold 's “ universal flavor. ” Dilfer pointed out Darnold 's nine fumbles in 2017 – “ which drives me bat-crap crazy because I was a fumbler , ” they said – and said they also see a little Brett Favre in Darnold 's game , both good and bad .
“ He also has a ‘ Superman complex , ' which can be great -- Brett Favre had it . [ ‘ Gunslinger mentality ' ] is another term for it . I call it the ‘ Superman complex ' – where they think they can save the day on every play . And he 's got to realize very quickly that you just give up on some plays . It 's the discerning way of playing the game . Tom Brady , Peyton Manning , they 'll give up on a play , they 'll just throw it away . . . But I think there 's also part of that that 's admirable . There 's the other side of me that played against Brett Favre and saw them win three MVPs and they ripped my heart out multiple times because they could be Superman when their team needed Superman . And I love that about Sam Darnold . So it 's that yin and yang of , ‘ I hate , it I love it , I hate it , oh no , oh no , oh no , YES ! '
Dilfer also mentioned Rosen as the other quarterback in this class who has a chance to play early in their career , noting their football IQ and their sound mechanics .
“ Rosen , who learned three offenses at UCLA , has a unique mind , has a very gifted football acumen , is a very clean passer in every sense from the ground up , can process at a high level , will challenge their coaches and players to be perfect , which I think is good , wants to know the why and the what behind everything , which is a good thing , ” Dilfer said .
Dilfer offered a lofty pro comparison for Rosen .
“ I 'm one of the few out there , and I got some pushback on this , but I think he 's Peyton Manning , ” Dilfer said . “ Peyton was so clean coming out , and was such an intellect , and such a hard personality in the building – in a good way . They just demanded so much from everybody , including himself . And that 's kind of Josh . I think Josh is probably more of a gifted passer than Peyton was at this stage .
“ But Josh also has some [ Aaron ] Rodgers in him . See , you 've got to remember , nobody knew what a great athlete Aaron was until they sat there and their creative mind took over for those three years they were on the bench . And I use a musician as an example . There are musicians that did n't know they were gifted musicians until they picked up a guitar . And that 's kind of what Aaron did in Green Bay , was , they picked up a guitar for the first time . They went from being a stringent , stiff , methodical player to an artistic player . And I think Josh has that ability . Josh right now is very clean and organized and by-the-book how they play , but they have another gear in there , another artistic gear that 's going to come out at some point . And he 's starting to understand it . ”
One of the other quarterbacks commonly assigned to the Jets at No . 3 in mock drafts – Oklahoma 's Baker Mayfield – has drawn comparisons all offseason to Russell Wilson for being shorter , mobile passers . Dilfer disagreed with that analogy .
“ Baker Mayfield is a uniquely gifted passer , can locate the ball all over the field , but is more what I call a ‘ timing-tempo ' guy , ” Dilfer said . “ He 's not a fantastic athlete . They need to play from the pocket , and they need to play on time . If they try to play the athletic game in the NFL , he 's not going to be successful . . . And that 's OK . He 's just going to learn very quickly to be Drew Brees , which is who I think they could be given the right system . A guy that beats you with their brain , beats you with their eyes , beats you with location , beats you with being clutch , beats you with grit and determination and a never-die attitude . ”
Dilfer raved about Josh Allen 's traits and compared the Wyoming product to a “ probably even more powerful ” version of Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger , but cautioned that he 's still a work in progress .
“ He has everything 1980s and 1990s football wanted in a quarterback , ” Dilfer said . “ He is big , strong , athletic , huge arm , tough physically , mentally . I mean , he 's got the trait makeup .
“ He 's not a great player yet . They need to learn how to play the game better . What I 've been talking about them is he 's a 650-horsepower engine that does n't have the car built around to sustain that horsepower . They need to build the automobile . They need to have the framework and the nurturing to handle that type of horsepower . . . I think , instead of a first-round player , I 'd call them a first-round prospect . They need to be developed , they need time , they need to be nurtured . But I absolutely would love to coach him , and I think he 'll be a star if handled properly in the NFL . ”
Then there 's Jackson , the electrifying former Heisman winner who threw for 9,043 yards and ran for 4,132 in three seasons at Louisville .
“ He makes the hair on my arm stand up when I watch their tape , ” Dilfer said . “ He makes me spill my coffee .
“ But again , he 's not a first-round player , he 's a first-round prospect . He 's got some technical flaws that need to be ironed out . They need to understand that he 's a passer first and an athlete second , which I think they do , but it needs to be re-emphasized . And they need to adapt to the NFL game , which is different than the college game they played . ”
So which of these players would Dilfer pick out at the local ice cream stand ?
“ Darnold is my mint chip , ” they said . “ He 's my favorite , but boy , do I like the other flavors , too . ”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chas Dingle will call off their wedding to Paddy Kirk after believing that they have ultimately betrayed them
Over the last few weeks , Paddy has tried to their best to support Chas in their decision to carry their baby to full term .
The couple were left distraught after discovering their unborn daughter has bilateral agenesis - a condition that means that the baby wo n't survive outside of the womb .
In scenes airing next week , Chas opens up about their fears with a consultant - but is confused when organ donation is mentioned .
Chas is upset when they realise that Paddy is considering organ doation .
Speaking about why Chas is so upset by the idea , actor Lucy Pargeter revealed : `` Organ donation has never been brought up to Chas before . They have n't even considered it because , as far as she 's concerned , she 's thinking about the baby living and not the baby dying .
`` So when organ donation is suggested to her , it 's like a kick in the teeth . The consultant says that Paddy called , but they had n't discussed it with them and did n't know he 'd thought about it .
`` Chas feels massively betrayed that Paddy has n't even discussed it with her , and that Paddy is thinking about the baby dying .
`` So when organ donation is suggested to her , it 's like a kick in the teeth . The consultant says that Paddy called , but they had n't discussed it with them and did n't know he 'd thought about it . `` Chas feels massively betrayed that Paddy has n't even discussed it with her , and that Paddy is thinking about the baby dying . ''
Later , they try to cover up their hurt but ends up breaking down while they are with Cain .
They then tells Cain that the baby is n't going to live and they are shocked by the news .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Chas tells them about how Paddy went behind them back about the organ donation , but Cain tries to get them to see it from Paddy 's point of view .
Cain is later worried that Chas is resting all of their hopes on a miracle .
They then tearfully reveals that they ca n't marry Paddy - how will they react to the news ?
* Emmerdale returns tomorrow at 7pm on ITV
CHICAGO — Clayton Custer matched their season high with 23 points to lead six players in double figures and Loyola-Chicago took control early and coasted to a 97-75 victory over Missouri State on Saturday .
Custer made 9 of 11 shots , including all seven of their attempts inside the 3-point arc , and handed out six assists for the Ramblers ( 19-5 , 9-3 Missouri Valley Conference ) . Marques Townes totalled 14 points , six rebounds and four assists , while Cameron Krutwig added 13 points and seven boards . Aundre Jackson scored 12 off the bench on 5-of-6 shooting and Donte Ingram and Ben Richardson both scored 11 for Loyola-Chicago , which shot 61 per cent from the floor and buried half its 20 3-pointers . The Ramblers are off to their best start in MVC play since the 1986-87 season .
Freshman Mustafa Lawrence made 5 of 9 from 3-point range and scored a career-high 19 points for the Bears ( 15-10 , 5-7 ) . J.T . Miller tossed in 15 points , while Alize Johnson chipped in with 14 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Missouri State dropped its fifth straight game .
By The Associated Press
New Delhi : Actor Ranveer Singh , who is again working with Zoya Akhtar in Gully Boy , says they share a very close bond with the film 's director .
`` Zoya is more than a director ( to me ) . They are someone with whom I share a very close bond with . We have a very open channel of communication and that makes us a great director-actor combination . They are one of the finest directors we have , '' Ranveer told IANS over phone from Mumbai .
The actor , 32 , who has previously worked with Akhtar in Dil Dhadakne Do , says the story of Gully Boy is very dear to the duo .
`` 'Gully Boy ' is perhaps the dearest film . It is one of the closest to me after 'Band Baaja Baaraat ' because 'Band Baaja Baaraat ' was my first film . This is a story that means a lot to me . To tell a story of the youth from the streets of Mumbai , who live a very tough existence and have a lot of battle to fight and they in the battle of life they come out and triumph , '' they added .
Ranveer describes the film as a `` great underdog story '' .
`` They find their inspiration through music and art . The music that is socially relevant . So , it was important for me to also give a platform to all this new talent , '' they added .
Gully Boy also stars Alia Bhatt .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Messiah or Myth ? It 's a question that 's beginning to follow Kop boss Jurgen Klopp with Liverpool still a long way from winning their first-ever Premier League title .
As they head towards two-and-a-half years into their Anfield reign , Klopp has n't got a pot to their name from their time in English football .
Not an FA Cup . Not even a League Cup .
The affable , media-friendly 50-year-old German talks a great game , is box-office on the touchline and in front of the cameras and is loved by their American-based bosses at the Fenway Sports Group .
So much so , that eighteen months ago they extended their contract by six years tying them to Liverpool until 2022 .
But while their popularity is sky high in Boston from where where FSG run Liverpool , closer to home the mood is n't quite so upbeat amongst supporters who have gone an astonishing 28 years without a league title .
( Image : Reuters )
Liverpool have n't picked up a trophy in six years since they won the Carling Cup in 2012 under Kenny Dalglish and now their only hope this season is a long-shot tilt at the Champions League .
Little wonder then online fan forums where once support for the German boss was blind and unquestioning are n't so sure anymore .
The recurring theme for many Kop fans is a simple one : How much better are Liverpool now under Klopp than they were under Brendan Rodgers ?
Crunch the numbers and a surprising answer emerges that might make Celtic boss Rodgers feel hard done by over their sacking in 2015 .
For a comparison of Klopp 's first 135 games for Liverpool against Rodgers leaves both men with identical win records .
Both managers won 70 games from their first 135 in charge at Anfield prompting critics to question just how effective Klopp has been since their arrival from Borussia Dortmund in October 2015 .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty )
Rodgers lost 33 games to Klopp 's 26 but when the German arrived hopes were high that , at least , here was the man to lead them to the league title Anfield craves .
But eighth and fourth place in Klopp 's first two seasons have n't brought the hope for breakthrough .
By comparison , Rodgers ended their first campaign in charge in seventh place . Then in 2014 Rodgers came closer than any other recent Liverpool manager finishing second .
Even so , that was n't enough to save them just over a year later Set aside playing style and entertainment value and Rodgers is ahead of Klopp when it comes to the transfer market too .
So far Klopp 's brought in 14 players at a total cost of £221.3million and sold 19 for £255.5million putting them £34.2 million in credit in five transfer windows - but Rodger 's beats that .
The Irishman spent £299.5 million on 27 players during their reign but recouped £200million putting them almost £100million in the black .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
And while Klopp has been lauded as one of the modern-day super-bosses for their work at Dortmund and their high-tempo style , their judgement , loyalty to under-performing stars and reliance on their own coaching methods bringing the best from players is sometimes baffling for fans .
Klopp 's confusing stance over keepers Simon Mignolet and German youngster Loris Karius – not the Premier League 's most convincing pair – vying for supremacy smacks of indecision .
And allowing defensive calamities that have dogged Liverpool since their arrival to continue for so long before spending £75 million on Virgil van Dijk – a world record for a defender – was another question mark .
Big players want the major prizes and while Rodgers could n't keep Luis Suarez from going to Barcelona neither could Klopp stop Philippe Coutinho 's exit .
For now , the majority of Reds fans are happy to give Klopp their backing especially when their stars produce the stunning attacking heavy-metal football which swamped Manchester City .
Ultimately , though , it 's the League title they want – and on that score , Klopp 's not even close .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Stacey Solomon is good at a great many things .
However , judging by their performance during the group exercise segment on today 's Loose Women , it 's fair to say that coordination is n't one of them .
Viewers were in stitches as the presenter flailed through the workout , with their arms and legs flying everywhere .
`` Hahaaaa Stacey 's exercise moves is me . Just love her , '' tweeted one tickled fan .
`` Stacey attempting that work out on Loose Women is actually me , '' agreed another .
The former I 'm A Celeb winner is currently gearing up to welcome their boyfriend Joe Swash back from the jungle , where he 's been presenting Camp Extra .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
However , they might have something to say when they learn that last week Stacey accidentally blurted out a very personal secret about their man .
While talking about a segment on male hair loss , alongside fellow panelists Janet street-porter , Colleen Nolan and Linda Robson , Stacey admitted that Joe 's own woes with losing their locks made them feel like they `` lost a piece of himself '' .
Presenter Joe , 35 , revealed they had a hair transplant last year , after battling loss - and admitted they were `` embarrassed '' to talk about how it affected him .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
However , the talk of Joe and their barnet was n't over , as Stacey , 28 , was then joined by their sister , actor Shana , 27 , who was on the panel to talk about their latest movie , My Feral Heart .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
And although the two ladies were `` banned '' by Joe talking about him , it did n't take long for them to come up in subject , with Shana mentioned they were `` glad '' Stacey brought up the hair loss as it seems even though he 's admitted to having the transplant , it 's a subject they prefer to keep shtum on .
`` I 'm glad you did that ! '' they said , as they leaned across the table . `` He 's kept that secret for such a long time . Be confident about it , let people see ! ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Stacey - who 's dated Joe since 2015 - then gasped and said , `` It was n't a secret , was it ! '' as the audience - and the rest of the panel - started laughing at their faux pas .
`` It 's certainly not now ! '' Janet replied .
And with the grandest of timings , it was announced Joe had sent their leading ladies a video message from Australia , where he 's filming I 'm A Celebrity Extra Camp , warning them not to let too much slip while they gossip on the panel .
( Image : ITV )
They began : `` Sorry I cant be there today - especially as my sister 's there and my Stacey 's there and my adopted Aunty Linda 's there . ''
They then added : `` I 'm a little bit worried because Stacey has told everyone about my period cycle ( referring to when Stacey said they wo n't visit them when it 's that time of the month ) , Linda 's told everyone about where I lost my virginity ...
( Image : ITV )
( Image : James Saligari )
`` So Shana , some things are meant to be kept in the family .
`` I 'm warning you . And I love you . And I love you Stacey , and I love you Linda and I love all you other ladies . ''
Sorry Joe - looks like they broke your only rule !
BALTIMORE — July 2 , 2018 — Under Armour Inc. today announced the appointments of Jason Archer as managing director , Asia Pacific ; Manuel Ovalle as managing director , Latin America ; and Massimo Baratto as managing director , Europe , Middle East & Africa . Additionally , the company announced that its Hong Kong office will be expanded to serve as its Asia Pacific ( APAC ) headquarters .
“ Today 's actions support our commitment to becoming a more operationally excellent company capable of supporting the global potential of the Under Armour brand , ” said Under Armour president and chief operating officer Patrik Frisk . “ As we work to scale our international business , we remain focused and measured in our evolution across our entire portfolio to ensure that we are driving toward long-term return for our shareholders . ”
Jason Archer – Managing Director , Asia Pacific
Archer has been named managing director , APAC with direct oversight of the company 's operations in Australia , China , India , Japan and South Korea , among others . In Archer 's six-year tenure at Under Armour , they significantly transformed the company 's international financial and operating structure under Charlie Maurath , its former chief revenue officer who retired in March . In 2016 , they became vice president and managing director , with primary oversight of the company 's Latin American business . Prior to Under Armour they spent 11 years with adidas in Latin America and six years with PwC on assignments in Canada and Europe .
Erick Haskell , who joined Under Armour in 2015 as managing director , Greater China plans to leave the company later this month to pursue a new opportunity . Frisk added , “ We are grateful for Erick 's leadership and the strong foundation they set over the past few years , which has positioned us for strong , balanced growth as we enter our next chapter in this important region . ”
Manuel Ovalle – Managing Director , Latin America
Ovalle , who joined Under Armour in 2013 , has played a critical role in driving the company 's strong performance in the Southern Cone of Latin America . Now as managing director , Latin America , they will be based in Panama and be responsible for the company 's entire Latin America business from Mexico through the Southern Cone . Prior to Under Armour , Ovalle spent nearly 20 years with adidas with roles of increasing responsibility as the company grew its Latin American business .
Massimo Baratto – Managing Director , Europe , Middle East & Africa
Massimo Baratto , who joined Under Armour in May , will now oversee the entire Europe , Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) region . Based in Amsterdam , Baratto brings nearly 30 years of international experience from a variety of industries , brands and regions – most recently as the CEO of the Oberalp Group .
Jason LaRose – President , North America
Since 2016 , LaRose has led the company 's largest regional business comprising the United States and Canada . They joined Under Armour in 2013 to head up the global e-Commerce business and became senior vice president of digital revenue in 2015 . Prior to Under Armour , LaRose held senior leadership positions with Express , Sears Holding Corporation and McKinsey & Co .
All four regional leads report directly to Under Armour president and COO Patrik Frisk .
Posted July 2 , 2018
Source : Under Armour Inc .
What Is The Logan Act , And Why Does It Matter ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
If Michael Flynn , President Trump 's former national security adviser , was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration , then they may have broken the law .
That law is the Logan Act . It 's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn , who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that Flynn misled the vice president and others in the administration . Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence , then vice president-elect , last month that they discussed the sanctions .
That has turned out to be not true . And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn 's resignation because of an `` eroding level of trust . '' They reiterated that it was not a `` legal issue , but a trust issue . ''
`` There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions , '' Spicer contended .
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call , which exists , between Flynn and the Russian ambassador , there 's no way to know if there is n't a legal issue .
So what is the Logan Act , has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible ?
First , what is it ?
The Logan Act states , in part :
`` Any citizen of the United States , wherever they may be , who , without authority of the United States , directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof , with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof , in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States , or to defeat the measures of the United States , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years , or both . ''
Let 's break that down . This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government . Specifically , that person is n't allowed to talk with a foreign government or their representative and try to influence foreign policy .
When was it put in place and why ?
It 's named for Dr. George Logan , a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania , who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons . They did so without the permission of President Adams , though , they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson .
It was after the French Revolution , and the United States did n't help France because of a treaty with England . The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors . Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France .
That 's when Logan , a Quaker , embarked on their effort . They succeeded , but when they got back to the U.S. , Adams , Washington and others were furious . Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan 's from taking place again .
Has anyone ever been prosecuted ?
No , but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted .
The indictment was way back in 1803 , four years after the law was put in place . An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for `` A Western America '' allied with France . The U.S. Attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy , a farmer , who actually wrote the column . But it never went to trial . Later that year , the Louisiana Purchase , which expanded the U.S. west , made it moot .
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act , as the Congressional Research Service points out , but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try and shame political opponents . For example , in the 1980s , there was former House Speaker Jim Wright 's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases .
`` That is the law of the land , '' a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson 's efforts , adding , `` We are not going to take legal action , but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful , there were things that make you pause and think . ''
During the Bush administration , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government , irritating the Bush administration . Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mid-East peace . As recently as 2015 , the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal .
And Syria again raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad last month before President Trump took office .
`` I wanted to see if there was , in some small way , a way that I could express the love and the Aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria , '' they told CNN .
The Obama administration 's official position as regime change in Syria .
Could Flynn be susceptible ?
Had Flynn , in any way , reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place , that could potentially be a violation
As noted above , there is a transcript . The White House is confident Flynn did n't say anything that could have violated the law . Of course , that could be open to interpretation . It would be up to the Jeff Sessions ' Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case , if it saw fit . That is seen as unlikely .
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk .
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Tuesday said it 's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath . More could become known about the specifics of the call before then . And the New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations . And investigators believe Flynn `` was not entirely forthcoming '' :
`` That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job . If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I. , it could expose them to a felony charge . ''
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers ' unbeaten run ended in the cruellest of circumstances as Shrewsbury Town struck in the 88minute to condemn the Gas to a 2-1 defeat at the Memorial Stadium .
The winning goal came as Rovers were penned deep inside their area after a corner and the ball broke to Shrews substitute Alex Rodman .
The attacker beat Bernard Mensah and Ellis Harrison with ease and fired in a shot from a very tight angle on the right . The ball flashed across the goal line and appeared to strike the far post before hitting the back of the net with Aristote Nsiala getting the final touch .
The goal came against the run of play as Rovers had looked the likelier of the two sides to grab a winner in the final 10 minutes .
Two goals in the space of three minutes earlier in the second half had set up the grandstand finish .
The first Shrewsbury goal came courtesy of a header from full-back Omar Beckles . Chris Lines brought down Nathan Thomas and conceded a free-kick about 25 yards from goal .
Shaun Whalley stepped up and drifted in a very tempting ball into the centre of Rovers ' penalty area , where Beckles was on hand to head into the corner of the goal .
Rovers responded within three minutes as the poured forward . Good work on the left flank saw the ball come to Liam Sercombe , who squared the ball to the advancing Partington .
The full-back unleashed a fierce driving effort from outside the penalty area which took a deflection to flummox Shrews goalkeeper Craig MacGillivray .
Rovers could have taken the lead minutes later than Ellis Harrison was brought down on the edge of the penalty area . Lines dragged the free-kick back to substitute Kyle Bennett , and the debutant stabbed a floated effort towards the back post . Somehow the ball seemed to dipping under the crossbar and the Shrews goalkeeper was across well to tip it over the bar .
The final 20 minutes passed with Rovers making much of the running and changing to a 4-4-1-1 formation with Kyle Bennett out wide on the left and Bernard on the right .
Despite their persistence , the Gas were unable to grab a late winner and were made to pay as Rodman found a late winner for Paul Hurst 's side .
The first half was a quieter affair as both sides remained discipline and stuck rigidly to their formations . Shrewsbury came with a 4-1-4-1 designed to frustrate Rovers , and up against the Gas ' diamond midfield it meant space in the final third for either side was at a premium .
It was the visitors who carved out the best chance of the opening 45 minutes as striker Carlton Morris missed the target from close range . Shaun Whalley drifted in a free kick from deep on the right into the Rovers penalty area , centre-back Aristote Nisiala jumped well to head the ball back across goal .
Morris was unmarked about six yards out from goal but their side-foot effort went wide of Adam Smith 's post and out for a goal kick .
At the other end Rovers did their best to build pressure , but neat passing was difficult to execute on a poor pitch .
Both Rory Gaffney and Liam Sercombe has scuffed efforts from distance , but neither troubled Shrews goalkeeper Craig MacGillivray .
Rovers though will have been pleased to reach the break at 0-0 given their recent habit of conceding early on . Tony Craig made their debut in the centre of Rovers ' defence alongside Tom Broadbent with captain Tom Lockyer still missing with injury .
The former Millwall man was noticeably vocal throughout the match as they tried to marshal the Rovers backline .
The visitors showed why they have risen to third this season despite being one of the pre-season favourites for the drop . Paul Hurst had their side well drilled and it was clear each player knew their job as they looked to allow Rovers no time to dwell on the ball .
The first half was punctuated with a series of physical battles as both sides looked to leave their mark on the other . Referee Trevor Kettle did n't appear to have much control over some of the challenges flying in , and some of the decision lefts many fans scratching their head .
Rovers could even have had a penalty in the final few minutes of the first half as Rory Gaffney was bundled off the ball by a robust challenge from Nsiala , but referee Kettle was unmoved .
The match came alive in the second half but Rovers were unable to keep up their unbeaten record and now head to Oxford United next weekend looking to get back on track .
Bristol Rovers : Smith ; Partington , Craig , Broadbent , Bola ( Nichols 90 ) , Lines , O Clarke ( Bennett 56 ) , Sercombe , Sinclair , Gaffney ( mensah 79 ) , Harrison
Subs not used : Slocombe , Brown , Sweeney , Telford
Shrewsbury Town : MacGillivray ; Beckles , Sadler , Nsiala , Bolton , Godfrey , Sadler , Nolan , Whalley ( Jones 83 ) , Thomas ( Rodman 74 ) , Morris ( Payne 74 )
Subs not used : Rowley , Lowe , John-Lewis , Morris ,
Scorers : Beckles 62 , Partington 65 , Rodman 88
Referee : Trevor Kettle
Attendance : 9,380 ( 700 away )
Sayre resident June Varnell said they are 23-year-old Jerry Drake Varnell 's great-great aunt . They always called them `` Drake . ''
`` He was a sweet little kid , '' they said .
They said they were around their house a lot when they were younger , and back then they did n't cause any trouble . But it 's been awhile since she 's seen him .
`` You just never dream of a kid you see growing up do something like this , '' they said . `` Never would have dreamed it . ''
Varnell was arrested Saturday , accused of trying to detonate what they thought was a vehicle bomb at the Bancfirst building in downtown Oklahoma City . Court documents outline the conversations Varnell allegedly had with a paid informant and an undercover federal agent about the bombing plans .
They reportedly said they were `` out for blood '' and also admitted to holding `` III % ideology , '' which is known as an anti-government movement .
On Facebook , a person identifying themselves as the suspect 's brother claimed Varnell is schizophrenic .
Varnell had their first court appearance Monday afternoon . If convicted , they could face up to 20 years in prison .
( WTNH ) –One of the biggest games of the year in boys ' high school basketball last season was Hillhouse against Notre Dame-West Haven . The two met in a classic SCC championship game , filling the stands at Quinnipiac 's TD Bank Sports Center in Hamden .
Some fans called that the ‘ Game of the Decade . ' Now , three key players from that game are on the same team .
Hillhouse 's Christian Adams and Byron Breland III , and Notre Dame-West Haven 's Tim Dawson each transferred to Hamden Hall for this season . They 've all reclassified as juniors , and are looking to land Division I basketball scholarship offers for college .
They 're also dealing with a heftier school workload , capitalizing on the opportunity for a great education .
News 8 's Henry Chisholm has more .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Peter Crouch was sitting pretty with their latest foray into the world of comedy .
With the whole nation was gripped by Royal baby fever , Crouchy pounced .
Hours after the third of their third child , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge stood on the step of the hospital in Paddington waving to the crowd with the new arrival .
A lovely picture that the striker - known for their height - quickly found something to quip about .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : PA )
There they are , waving high into the air as supporters were seen waving Union Jacks flags and joined in an atmosphere of celebration .
And Crouch - all 6ft 7inches of them - had this great comeback .
Their whimsical musings did n't go unnoticed with loads of retweets and thousands of likes .
But it did n't stop there .
Hours after their quip - retweeted over 22,000 times - celebrity model wife Abbey Clancy hit back .
And they were brutal .
Underneath the tweet Crouch felt so happy about , Clancy answered with this simple reply :
Simple , yet effective . They were ruined , with people replying : `` OMG that made me laugh . Abbey I mean , ''
But have to admit that Crouch 's original was quite amusing . And the comments were something too ...
But one person did n't really get it ...
Yesterday Crystal Palace were the fastest out the trap with a brilliant tweet after Kate Middleton gave birth to their third child .
The Duchess of Cambridge delivered the baby boy , weighing 8lbs , 7oz , at the Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , on St George 's Day .
Them husband William was present for the birth , and both mum and baby are `` doing well '' , Kensington Palace said in a statement .
The happy news was announced by thousands of news outlets on numerous social media channels , including AFP , who took to Twitter to write : `` BREAKING Prince William 's wife Kate gives birth to son : palace '' .
( Image : @ CPFC/Twitter )
Pretending that the word following 'son ' was in fact revealing what Kate and Wills has decided to call their baby , Crystal Palace 's official Twitter account wrote : `` Great name ! ''
Mars Rover Curiosity 's Panoramic Photo Depicts Its Epic Journey
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Here 's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries , picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown , NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work .
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012 , searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life . And earlier this week , while on a brief break from mountain climbing , Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months .
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater , where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image :
The view from `` Vera Rubin Ridge '' on the north flank of Mount Sharp encompasses much of the 11-mile route the rover has driven from its 2012 landing site , all inside Gale Crater . Jet Propulsion Laboratory YouTube
`` Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years , this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us , '' Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , in Pasadena , Calif. , said in a statement .
`` From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge , the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater , '' said Vasavada . The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars ' winter solstice , a season of clear skies , gaining a sharp view of distant details .
Curiosity 's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012 .
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples , this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge . Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016 . It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points , and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm .
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight . It 'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast . The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it 's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars . Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes . That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of .
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time , as Space.com reports , `` both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there . ''
`` With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond , understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning , '' David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas , explained .
Rajiv Gandhi International Airport ( RGIA ) is operated and managed by GMR Airports Ltd of the GMR group .
New Delhi : An expert panel of the Union environment ministry has recommended environment clearance for the proposed expansion of the congested Hyderabad international airport , which will raise its capacity to 25 million passengers per year .
The proposal for the project , estimated to cost Rs2,629 crore , was discussed at the 25-27 May meeting of the ministry 's expert appraisal committee ( EAC ) for infrastructure projects . The ministry will take a final decision on granting environment clearance .
Rajiv Gandhi International Airport ( RGIA ) is operated and managed by GMR Airports Ltd of the GMR group . The airport that began commercial operations in March 2008 has a capacity to handle 12 million passengers and 100,000 tonnes of cargo per year . The annual number of passengers at the airport is already about 15.2 million .
Airport capacity increases across the country seem to have fallen behind pace of growth in passenger traffic . The worst-hit airports are those in Mumbai , Delhi , Bengaluru , Hyderabad , Goa , Lucknow and Calicut .
“ No land acquisition is involved as all the expansion activities are planned within the RGIA site area of 5,495 acres , ” the committee was told at the meeting .
EAC was also informed that project construction is expected to generate direct employment of more than 5,000 and indirect employment for over 10,000 across 5-6 years .
According to the minutes of the EAC 's meeting seen by Mint , the company admitted before EAC that the “ proposed airport expansion project would have some environmental impacts ” but those can be “ effectively mitigated by judicious implementation of the environment management plan as suggested ” .
“ After detailed deliberations , the EAC recommended the project for environmental clearance , ” the minutes said .
The expert committee , however , stipulated several conditions to avoid pollution , including adequately barricading the site before the construction begins . It also recommended soil and other construction materials should be sprayed with water prior to any loading , unloading or transfer operation , soil/construction materials carried by the vehicle should be covered by impervious sheeting to ensure that the dusty materials do not leak from the vehicle and that a clearance will be sought from the Central Ground Water Authority for usage of ground water for the project .
It also called for implementing rain water harvesting .
“ During airport operation period , noise should be controlled to ensure that it does not exceed the prescribed standards . During night time , the noise levels measured at the boundary of the building shall be restricted to the permissible levels to comply with the prevalent regulations . A monitoring station for ambient air and noise levels shall be provided in the village nearest to the airport , ” the committee said .
Last week , the GMR Airports Ltd , a unit of GMR Infrastructure Ltd , won the rights to build , operate and manage an airport in Greece , its second international airport after Mactan Cebu International Airport ( MCIA ) in the Philippines .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Bristol City defender Mark Little says they expect to see the Robins in the Premier League before too long .
The full back will likely be in the Bolton Wanderers line up this evening when they host City at the Macron Stadium in the Championship .
Little says they are very happy to see the Robins enjoying such success this season , sitting in fifth place in the table .
( Image : Robbie Stephenson/JMP )
They said they are a club who are doing things the right way .
“ I think it 's only a matter of time before they are playing in the Premier League , ” they said talking to The Bolton News .
Little , 29 was in Robins squad which won promotion from League One , and they netted against Walsall to help City lift the Football League Trophy at Wembley in the same year .
In total they played 82 games for the Robins before leaving in the summer for Wanderers .
Talking about how City have grown into promotion contenders this season , Little said : “ I think before I was there they had tried to bring in big names , ready-made millionaire players but it had n't worked , so they went about things a bit differently and built over time .
“ And I think a lot of clubs can take something from their story .
“ The owner [ Steve Lansdown ] has invested gradually and built up the stadium , which is very impressive now , and they have got a good squad . We know it will be a difficult game . ''
And Little admitted they still have a soft spot for the club .
They said : “ Football is a strange game and your loyalties move about when you move clubs , but 100 per cent I am happy to see what they have achieved .
“ As a professional I feel I played a small part in getting them there . I was part of the team that pushed up into the Championship and helped them stay there , so I do feel a bit of pride when I see them up the top end of the table .
“ Of course that ends when the whistle goes on Friday night and I give everything I have got for Bolton . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A chilling video shows a `` resentful '' husband dragging a suitcase with their ex-wife 's body in through the streets after they had strangled them to death with their own scarf .
Ashwin Daudia , 51 , killed mum-of-two Kiran Daudia , 46 , after becoming angry they were making them homeless and had started seeing other men .
The shocking CCTV footage shows them wearing a hooded top as they pulled their corpse along a road inside the luggage before hiding it near a neighbour 's house .
The couple , who had been together for 26 years , had divorced three years earlier and had sold their property to Mrs Daudia 's sister , Preti Jethwa .
Kiran , who worked for retail giant Next , was reported missing on January 16 last year - the same day that the sale was due to go through .
( Image : Aaron Chown / SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
A court heard how Daudia had probably strangled their former partner with their scarf before showing `` remarkable coolness '' by cleaning up the murder scene .
The factory machine operator stuffed the corpse into a suitcase , after initially picking one which was too small , and crammed their belongings into another before their 17-year-old son got home from college .
They then dragged the suitcase through the streets away from their home address , the CCTV video shows .
Them body was discovered by a neighbour `` trussed up '' in the suitcase near their terraced home in Evington , Leicester , at 9.30am on January 17 last year .
Today Daudia showed no emotion as they were convicted of murder and jailed for life to serve a minimum of 18 years at Leicester Crown Court .
( Image : Facebook )
Them family have described the mum as `` the backbone of the family , very kind , generous and angelic '' .
The trial heard the couple were paired together in an arranged marriage in India in 1988 and continued to live under the same roof after they divorced in 2014 .
On the day they went missing , security cameras captured Kiran turning into their street at around 2.20pm after finishing their shift working as customer services advisor .
Prosecutor William Harbage QC said : `` Within the next hour they were dead . The defendant was the only other person in the house .
`` There was an argument between Ashwin and Kiran , there was a struggle in which they strangled them with some sort of ligature , probably their own scarf .
`` Had this been some sort of domestic incident which had got out of hand and the defendant immediately regretted what had happened , one might have expected them to have raised the alarm and called for an ambulance or the police .
`` He did nothing of the sort , instead showing a remarkable coolness in the circumstances , they tried to cover up what they had done . ''
( Image : Aaron Chown / SWNS.com )
Giving evidence , the dad-of-two claimed that they had `` lost control '' after their estranged wife had kicked them in the `` urine area '' and repeatedly swore at him .
Speaking through a Gujarati interpreter they claimed they banged their head on a bannister , before pressing on their neck with both hands .
They told the court : `` Her scarf had come off from their neck , then I twisted the scarf on here [ pointing at a photo of the banister ] , in the corner where the pole is .
`` With my knee I pushed them down and I kept holding them very tightly and the scarf was wrapped around as well .
`` With my knee I pushed them so they went down a little . They fell half down , so they were like hung . ''
( Image : SWNS.com )
They claimed that they had to use their own suitcase to hide the body , as theirs was a `` little bit too small '' .
They also said they removed their boots and tied their wrists and ankles together to stop them coming out and being seen .
Detective Sergeant Mark Wesley , who was part of the investigation team , said : “ The evidence against Daudia was overwhelming , with CCTV work and forensic examinations helping us to build a strong case against him .
“ He was solely responsible for the death of their ex-wife . Kiran had their family at the heart of everything they did .
“ Through their own selfish , cowardly actions Daudia has ripped this family apart , leaving two doting sons without a mother and other family members distraught and struggling to get over the pain and heartache they have caused . ”
Kiran 's family released a statement which said : “ Kiran was full of life , with a vibrant personality , a loving , caring mother and a very thoughtful daughter , sister and aunt .
`` Her friendly and charismatic nature meant they had many friends .
`` She was simply beautiful and loved having photographs taken . They were the backbone of the family , very kind , generous and angelic .
“ We as a family can not even begin to describe the loss and emptiness in our heart .
`` Her perpetual smile will be missed everyday of our lives by everyone who knew them Kiran had lots of dreams and aspirations which were untimely taken away by this demonic act .
`` Life without them will never be the same . ''
Janine Smith , from the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) , added : `` There was overwhelming evidence that Ashwin Daudia was not only responsible for Ms Daudia 's death , but that they had intended to kill them
`` During the trial the CPS presented evidence to the jury that the injuries Ms Daudia suffered and the defendant 's actions after their death were those of someone with intent to kill or do serious harm and were a calculated attempted to cover up their actions .
`` My heartfelt sympathies are with Ms Daudia 's family , especially their two sons , who have had to come to terms with so much .
`` I hope that the conclusion of these proceedings will provide some closure for them . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un was said to be full of `` uncontrollable grief '' after hearing about a bus crash which killed 32 tourists and four locals in their country .
After expressing their `` bitter sorrow '' the dictator visited some of the crash survivors as they lay in their hospital beds , even holding hands with some .
Their actions have been met with cynicism by some in the west , saying Kim is attempting to show the world a softer side and act more like a conventional leader .
The crash report was an unusual feature on the tightly-controlled news channel which normally only features positive stories about its leader .
( Image : AFP )
The accident occurred on Sunday , when a bus crashed off a bridge in North Hwanghae Province .
Four North Koreans were killed in the accident and two people , also believed to be Chinese tourists , were left critically injured .
According to the official Korea Central News Agency Kim said `` the unexpected accident brought bitter sorrow to their heart and that they could n't control their grief at the thought of the bereaved families who lost their blood relative '' .
Chinese tourists make up about 80 percent of all foreign visitors to North Korea , according to a South Korean think-tank , the Korea Maritime Institute .
It estimates that tourism generates annual revenue of about £29million for the isolated country .
Kim Jong-un is expected to meet South Korean president Moon Jae-in on Friday , ahead of a planned summit with US president Donald Trump in late May or early June .
A 20-year-old and a 28-year-old sustained gunshot wounds from an incident in the 100 block of North Rodney Street . Wochit
After plenty of showers Saturday , it was a pretty nice Sunday in Mid-Michigan . While some of us will remain dry for today , scattered showers and thunderstorms will be developing this afternoon and evening ending the dry weather for others .
Today & Tonight
We 're off to a pretty quiet start in Mid-Michigan right now , with only isolated showers at best expected for the morning commute . Most will make the commute dry and even if you do see a shower , it should n't be heavy at all .
Temperatures will be pretty comfortable in the 50s and 60s as you head out the door with pleasant levels of humidity .
Lunchtime and onward into the afternoon & evening will carry the better chances of rain for Monday . Coverage of rain and storms will be scattered , so it wo n't be raining in your location all day long if you need to get things done outdoors or want to attend things like the Midland County Fair or Cheeseburger in Caseville .
We 're not expecting severe weather this afternoon , but a few thunderstorms could be on the stronger side with gusty winds and hail . As always , we 'll keep our eyes on it and if any warnings are issued , you 'll know about them on-air , online , and on social media .
Things should quiet down for a good chunk of the late evening and overnight period , but a few more showers and thunderstorms will be possible toward Tuesday morning 's commute . Overnight lows should settle into the 50s and 60s again tonight .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders managed to shock fans tonight with a seemingly mystical prediction about the royal baby .
Despite the BBC soap being filmed weeks before it airs , a cheeky reference to the newborn prince was made just one day after their birth .
Kate Middleton and Prince William proudly showed off their son yesterday on the steps of the exclusive Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington .
Yet just over 24 hours later , Linda Carter revealed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's baby was a boy and even noted their weight of 8lbs , 7oz .
There were a lot of impressed viewers at home , but Shirley Carter did n't seem to care about the fifth in line to the throne .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Delighted royalist Linda , who named their dog Lady Di , could n't contain their excitement when talking to Shirley behind the bar of the Queen Vic .
They said : `` 8lbs , 7oz that 's a very healthy weight is n't it . If he 's got their daddy 's smile and mummy 's hair he 's going to be perfect .
`` It makes me want to cry . Dianna a grandma again . All that joy she 's missing out on . ''
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Not getting into the spirit , Shirley replied : `` Linda why are you even talking about it I do n't care . ''
They then forced Mick to listen to their wife talk more about the royal bundle of joy .
`` I was just saying that 8lbs and 7oz that 's a very healthy weight is n't it , '' said Linda to a sighing Mick .
( Image : BBC )
Shocked EastEnders viewers took to Twitter after the surprising scene .
One viewer said : `` Never mind rainie coming back , how did they film that first scene where Linda 's talking about the royal baby if it was only born yesterday ''
Another joked : `` * insert obligatory royal baby segment here * ''
A third added : `` Another cheeky cut'n'paste to reference the new royal baby ! ''
* EastEnders continues on BBC One on Monday at 7.30pm
To the 53 people who 've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days : Who hurt you ? — Netflix US ( @ netflix ) December 11 , 2017
I just want to make sure you 're okay — Netflix US ( @ netflix ) December 11 , 2017
Netflix had a recent tweet that is creeping some people out.Late Sunday night , they tweeted about their new feel-good holiday romance , `` A Christmas Prince . `` Netflix tweeted , `` To the 53 people who 've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days : Who hurt you ? `` The tweet has been getting a lot of reaction from people who never realized that Netflix would be closely watching their viewing habits.Someone asked , `` Why are you calling people out like that ? `` Netflix responded , `` I just wanted to make sure you 're okay . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Police are investigating a video that surfaced Tuesday showing officers shocking a pregnant 17-year-old girl as they scream in agony inside a New York City apartment building .
`` Get off of me , get off of me ! '' the girl yelled as officers attempted to hold them down before using a stun gun — clearly visible in the cellphone video , according to WPIX .
According to the criminal complaint , the girl , Dailene Rosario , who is reportedly 14 weeks pregnant , interfered with the police , screaming at them before finally pushing past one officer . Rosario allegedly shoved the officer into the doorframe of an apartment as they went by .
The incident , which happened around 10 p.m. last Friday , began when officers , responding to an unrelated call at the Bronx building , happened upon a fight involving Rosario 's ex-boyfriend and another man , according to the New York Daily News . The scuffle reportedly started over a video game .
When officers tried to handcuff her , Rosario threw themselves down and sat on them hands .
`` Yo , why are you cuffing me ? '' Rosario shouted , according to the complaint . `` I did n't do anything . ''
In the cellphone video , Rosario is seen struggling with officers until they shock them with the stun gun . A group of onlookers gathered around the girl repeatedly shout at the officers , `` She 's pregnant . She 's pregnant ! ''
Rosario is charged with resisting arrest , second degree harassment and disorderly conduct .
“ We are aware of the incident , ” the NYPD said in a written statement . “ It is under internal review . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol man who was tasered in the back of the neck has appeared in court for assaulting a police officer during the arrest .
Edward Grylls , 35 and of Prewett Street , claims they were the victim of ‘ police brutality ' when they were pulled over by officers in West Street , Bedminster , in the early hours of Friday , January 12 .
Mr Grylls , a former class A drug addict who is now a professional guitarist , was found in possession of cannabis but was also charged with assaulting a police officer during their arrest .
The Redcliffe resident appeared at Bristol Magistrates ' Court on Thursday , February 1 and pleaded guilty to both offences , but claims the assault was them pushing an officer away who had grabbed them by the throat . The charge was that they punched officer Raymond Alderton in the chest .
Defending Mr Grylls , Patrick Crossman said : “ What they say is the officer had them by the throat and as they had them by the throat they threw out their arm . ”
The incident happened at around 1.30am when the man was pulled over by officers as made their way home to Redcliffe from a friend 's house .
A short section of the police bodycam footage from the incident was shown to the court , which shows an agitated Mr Grylls trying to push away officers .
They are then grabbed by the officers who try to wrestle them to the floor before they are tasered in the back of the neck by an officer .
The Bristol Post has requested the footage from the Crown Prosecution Service .
Speaking previously to the Post , Mr Grylls said : “ Theres no justice anymore . I have made a formal complaint about the brutality and level of violence used against me .
“ Theres no justice anymore . I have made a formal complaint about the brutality and level of violence used against me. ” .
During the sentencing at Bristol Magistrates ' Court , District Judge Jo Matson said : “ I wo n't accept your basis [ that the officer was hit by a swinging arm ] because I have n't heard evidence . It would not make a difference to my sentence . ”
Mr Grylls was fined £80 for possession of cannabis and a further £80 for assaulting the officer . They will also have to pay a £30 victim surcharge and costs of £85 .
No compensation will have to be paid to the officer .
Speaking after their sentence , Mr Grylls said : “ I feel relieved that I can go on with my life . I was quite upset watching that video again . ''
Avon and Somerset Constabulary previously confirmed a complaint about the incident has been received but declined to comment further .
A spokesperson said : “ We have received a complaint that is being assessed by our Professional Standards Department . As this is ongoing , it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage . ”
Mr Grylls also intends to take their complaint to the Independent Officer for Police Conduct .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United 's stars were handed three days off as a reward for beating Tottenham to reach the FA Cup final .
Alexis Sanchez and Ander Herrera both found the net to complete a comeback victory at Wembley - and keep United in the hunt for a piece of silverware this season .
And to thank their players for their hard work , boss Jose Mourinho granted Sanchez , Herrera and the rest of the Red Devils aces , as originally reported by the Manchester Evening News .
It is believed some players headed out to trendy Shoreditch in east London on Saturday evening , while Mourinho returned to their house in Knightsbridge , kept from their Chelsea days .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
United had spent the majority of last week in the capital as they prepared for their semi-final .
The squad stayed in Chelsea for three nights and trained at Fulham 's Craven Cottage stadium after fulfilling their league fixture at Bournemouth on Wednesday night .
Matchwinner Herrera headed to Disneyland Paris with their partner and child after the game , while Jesse Lingard and Eric Bailly were among the United players who stayed in London . Victor Lindelof flew to Barcelona and Daley Blind returned to Amsterdam .
( Image : Chris Brunskill Ltd/Getty Images )
`` The attitude was good , the players were good , '' Mourinho said at Wembley . `` They were focused , they were ready , helping each other , they were ready , confident to play , I was really happy and pleased . The answer was good .
`` The fact we stayed together for five days was good , we stayed away from Manchester , away from home , we stayed in London , we stayed together , we spend our time , we spoke .
`` I had a chance to feel them and I had the chance to speak with some individually , everything was really good , I think the weather helped too . Fulham was fantastic to provide for us , fantastic conditions for our training session .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` I think the players deserve and when you deserve , especially against a team like Spurs , I think is even more important ''
Mourinho 's fixed days off policy quickly endeared them to United players last season . The United manager 's predecessors Louis van Gaal , David Moyes and Sir Alex Ferguson all reserved the right to haul United players in for training if they had they suffered a defeat .
Mourinho 's rationale was the players were bound to take defeats badly and , by summoning them in for an unscheduled training session , they would exacerbate their domestic climate .
Adele Beats Beyoncé at the Grammys
When the Grammy nominations were announced on December 6 , 2016 , fans knew the big awards battle would be between Beyoncé 's Lemonade and Adele 's 25 . Both artists were nominated for the biggest awards of the night : Album of the Year , Song of the Year , and Record of the Year . By the end of the night , Adele won in each of the big three categories and thanked Beyoncé multiple times during their speeches , highlighting the cultural significance of Lemonade , especially for black women around the world .
After Beyoncé 's loss stunned viewers , many pointed out that Grammy votres are usually older , white males who may not be as inclined to vote for artists like Beyoncé . Neil Portnow , president of the Recording Academy , told Pitchfork , “ I do n't think there 's a race problem at all , '' but many viewers asked for a revamping of the awards and for more diversity among Grammy voters . Nominees for next year 's Grammys , which will take place on January 28 , have already been announced and are more diverse than ever , with many crediting a new online voting system for the new changes . According to the Washington Post , the 2018 Grammys will be the first time in 19 years that a while male has not been nominated for Album of the Year
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A blinding flash , an eerie silence , and then the sky cracked .
The sound reached those wat­ching at the same time as the blast – a scorching 600mph wind carrying with it the long , grumbling roar of the worst weapon known to humankind .
It was 65 years ago this week – 9.30am local time on October 3 , 1952 – that Britain detonated its first nuclear bomb .
Winston Churchill was jubilant , the scientists bursting with pride . But on a tiny island off Australia the cost of the radioactive fallout from Operation Hurricane had yet to be counted .
Many of the servicemen present that day went on to suffer heartbreaking consequences .
Royal Engineer Derek Hickman , now 84 , was there . They say : “ We had no pro­­tective clothing . You wore shorts and sandals and if you remembered your bush hat , that was all you had . ”
The blast took place on HMS Plym , an old frigate anchored 300 yards off Trimouille , one of the Monte Bello islands . Troops and scientists lived and worked for months on a small fleet that accompanied them on their final mission .
Derek remembers : “ They ordered us to muster on deck – I was on HMS Zeebrugge – and turn our backs to the Plym . We put our hands over our eyes and they counted down over the Tannoy .
“ There was a sharp flash and I could see the bones in my hands like an X-ray . Then the sound and the wind and they told us to turn and face it . We watched the mushroom cloud just melt away . They gave us five photos as a memento .
“ All that was left of the Plym were a few pieces of metal that fell like rain and their outline scorched on the sea bed . ”
Britain had become the world 's third nuclear power .
The ability to split the atom , releasing massive energy , was discovered in 1938 .
In September 1945 , after Germany 's Second World War surrender but with battles still raging in the Pacific , the US dropped atom bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
With the Soviets working on atomic weapons , the Cold War had begun and in 1947 the British government decided it , too , must have its own bomb .
The project was led by Dr William Penney , a mathematician who had worked on the US bomb . They set up a secret lab at Fort Halstead near Sevenoaks , Kent – an armaments store so sleepy its only staff was a caretaker .
( Image : Hulton Archive )
A frequent visitor was the Ger­­­man refugee Klaus Fuchs who also worked on the US bomb . In 1949 the Rus­­sians exploded their first atomic weapon and in 1950 MI5 hauled Fuchs in for questioning .
They admitted telling the Soviets how to process uranium . Fuchs was sen­­tenced to 14 years and the US withdrew co-operation from the British project , refusing even to provide a test site .
Penney 's team was now under immense pressure . In 1951 Aus­­tralia agreed the blast could take place at Monte Bello .
James Stephenson , 85 , remembers being given an unexplained posting to Aber­­­gavenny . The former Royal Engineers soldier says : “ We went for train­­ing and they started weeding us out , re­­­moving lads they thought were Communist sympathisers or not up to it .
“ Nobody told us what it was about . When we embarked in Portsmouth we had to load machinery ourselves , they would n't let the dockers do it . ”
James left with the first wave of vessels in January 1952 . They were fol­­lowed six months later by HMS Plym carrying the bomb .
( Image : ullstein bild )
They recall : “ One day at sea , when we could n't tell anyone , they told us we were going to be taking part in a nuclear explosion . We did n't mind – I had friends who were fighting in Korea and I was just glad not to be with them . ”
Early on October 3 – three days late due to bad weather – seven kilos of plutonium were placed in the bomb and the fleet sailed a short distance away .
Welsh physicist Ieuan Maddock counted down from 10 over a Tannoy .
Thousands of UK and Aussie servicemen saw the mushroom cloud dis­­perse before dozens of planes flew through it to collect dust samples .
The press had been given a viewing tower 55 miles away . The Mirror announced : “ This bang has changed the world ” .
No official statement was made until October 23 when PM Churchill told the Commons : “ All concerned are to be warmly congratulated on the successful outcome of an historic episode . ”
But ground crews who washed down planes that flew through the cloud soon began falling sick and low levels of radiation were detected all over Australia .
Derek explains : “ It was a plutonium bomb – the dirtiest . A few years later I went to the doctor and mention­­­ed Monte Bello .
“ He asked if I was mar­­ried . I said ‘ Yes ’ and they replied ‘ My advice is ne­­­­v­­­er have children ’ . They wouldn ’ t say why . ”
It was a warning Derek , now living alone in Crediton , Devon , could n't ignore . They say : “ My wife wanted children and in the end I walked away from the marriage .
“ She never blamed me but it 's the worst thing I 've ever done . Since then I 've discovered my friends ' wives suffered many miscarriages and their children had deformities .
“ It 's given me a small comfort that at least we avoided that . ”
In 2007 it was found nuclear veterans had the same DNA damage as Chernobyl survivors .
Wives had three times the normal numbers of miscarriage and children 10 times more birth de­­­fects . James , from Taunton , Devon , had two healthy children . But they were lucky .
They say : “ I know people whose children were born with organs outside their bodies . It made me worry about my grandchildren . Thank God they 're fine . ”
Hurricane had an explosive yield of 25 kilotons – 15 kilotons had flattened Hiroshima and killed 126,000 . But less than four weeks later the US detonated a hydrogen bomb 400 times more powerful than Hurricane .
The UK was back out in the cold and would not be accepted at the nuclear top table until 1958 when it finally developed its own H-bomb .
In all 22,000 servicemen took part in Britain 's nuclear tests which ended only in 1991 . Derek and James are among the 2,000 or so who survive and are still coming to terms with the chain reaction unleashed at Monte Bello .
James says : “ Nobody really knew what they were doing , not us or the scientists . It was just a job we had to do . ”
The Monte Bello islands are now a wildlife park but visitors are warned not to stay for more than an hour or take home the fragments of metal that can still be found – radioactive pieces of a long-forgotten Royal Navy warship that unleashed a hurricane .
AIR AMBULANCE TAKES OFF FROM DONINGTON AFTER HORR
Tearjerking moment boy gets doll of their Navy dad
Prisoner high on 'zombie ' drug Spice tries to dum
Police at the scene of Wickford shooting and stab
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Adam Johnson 's house is back on the market less than a month after a sale was reportedly agreed .
The disgraced former footballer , 29 , dropped the valuation of the five-bedroom property by almost £200,000 last year and it was taken off the market in March following a further £150,000 reduction .
But now , not even three weeks later , the house has reappeared online with a £1.7million valuation .
All trace of the present owner , including photos , shirts and football memorabilia , have been removed .
( Photo : Newcastle Chronicle )
( Photo : Chronicle Live WS )
( Photo : rightmove )
Johnson , currently held in Moorland jail , Doncaster , previously shared the house with their ex-girlfriend Stacey Flounders , 27 , who has since moved into another home with their daughter Ayla , two .
Ex-Middlesbrough , Man City and Sunderland winger Johnson bought the house for £1,575,000 in 2012 .
( Photo : Chronicle Live )
( Photo : Rightmove )
( Photo : Rightmove )
The estate agent details describe it as a property of ‘ prestige and rarity which offers luxurious living on a grand scale ' .
They continue : “ A magnificent home in which to entertain , the vendors have invested in further upgrades in the main house including adding a games room with built-in bar and a cinema room fully fitted for group film viewings .
( Photo : Rightmove )
( Photo : Rightmove )
“ Active members of the family have n't been forgotten with a first floor gym with walnut floor that leads onto the mezzanine level above the garden room .
“ While the landscaped , outdoor space will appeal to gardeners , the property is a golfer 's dream with its own putting green . ”
( Photo : PA )
Johnson was found guilty in March , 2016 , exactly a year after their arrest at Toll Gate House by Durham police .
They continued to play for Sunderland up to their trial , while on bail , earning around £3 million in that time .
They admitted grooming and one count of sexual activity with a 15-year-old schoolgirl at Bradford Crown Court .
They were then convicted of another , more serious offence , of sexual activity with the girl .
But they were acquitted on a third charge of sexual activity .
They lost their appeal against length of sentence , and conviction , earlier this month .
Considering the earnings performances , valuations of paint stocks need to correct . Graphic : Mint
Berger Paints India Ltd 's earnings in the March quarter ( Q4 ) were largely in line with the Street 's expectations on most counts . The company 's decorative paints business registered low double-digit volume growth , similar to competitor Asian Paints Ltd . According to analysts , Berger Paints India 's volumes grew in the 10-11 % range .
Gross margins have been under pressure for most paint makers for quite some time now , because of rising input costs . The price of titanium dioxide ( TiO2 ) , a key raw material , increased by around 12 % on a year-on-year basis . Also , prices of some crude oil-based solvents and monomers are said to have risen during the March quarter .
Still , the company 's operating margin expanded , thanks to a decline in other expenses , which offset the sharp surge in the cost of raw materials . But operating profit grew by around 18.6 % year-on-year , which is far lower than its valuations of 50 times earnings demand .
Like its peers , Berger Paints India 's is trying to offset that impact by hiking prices . The company announced a nearly 2.5 % price hike in March , followed by another 2 % increase in May , for its decorative paints segment , which contributes around 70 % to the company 's revenue .
The full impact of these price hikes is likely to reflect in the June quarter , although it remains to be seen if things would improve materially on the gross margin front going ahead .
Berger Paints India 's shares are hovering close to the 52-week high at Rs300 per share .
On a year-on-year basis , both Berger Paints India and Asian Paints have outperformed the Nifty 500 index , although the former has risen at a faster pace . As such , analysts see limited upside in the Berger Paints India stock from current levels .
Even though Berger Paints India stock has outpaced Asian Paints , the two companies are neck and neck on the valuations front . The Berger Paints India stock is trading at a one-year forward price-to-earning multiple of around 50 times , similar to that of Asian Paints ' .
While the volume growth outlook for the sector and for Berger Paints India is bright , courtesy improving rural demand , margins remain a risk , especially if the cost of raw materials continues to escalate . In this backdrop , valuations look rich .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Christmas pudding is almost as divisive as Brussels sprouts .
For some it 's a staple part of the festive season but there are others who ca n't stand the stuff .
Whatever your opinion of the traditional dessert , you 'll no doubt be impressed by the audacious version of it which will be served at a café in Bristol in December .
The Fox in St Phillips has already started preparing its lavish creation , 10 months ahead of putting it up for sale – but it will come at a price .
An eye-watering £2,500 , to be exact ( yes , two thousand and five hundred pounds ) . That 's because the grandiose 14-portion pud will be steeped in Remy Martin Cognac and Dom Pérignon Champagne hailing from 2004 , which is sold for around £1,700 a bottle .
The boozy pudding will also include a solid gold sixpence and will be covered in edible 24-carat gold .
Fruit for the pudding is currently soaking up the fancy champers and will do so until August , before even more Champagne is injected into it with a syringe .
After all the Champagne has been pumped in , it will be covered with the 24ct gold before being put on sale early in December . Not only that but crystal bowls will be provided for whoever buys it to add to the luxurious experience .
Café owner Rich said : “ We just wanted to do something a bit different and have a bit of fun , while offering a taste of real luxury .
“ This will be the only version of this pudding on the planet and we 're sure it 's going to taste absolutely delicious .
“ The fruit is currently soaking up the Champagne and it smells beautiful . ”
The café is being sponsored by local jewellers who have helped pay for the expensive items , so if nobody is willing to fork out for the pudding , the café wo n't lose out too much .
So if you start saving up now , this one-of-a-kind pudding could be yours at Christmas ...
Microsoft runs a global ‘ software asset management ' ( SAM ) programme under which it partners with global consultants such as KPMG in India . Photo : Reuters
New Delhi : Microsoft Corp is not auditing how its partner KPMG cracks down on illegal use of Microsoft software in India , the companies said in a joint statement on Tuesday .
The denial comes after a prior claim made by an executive of the US technology giant following a client complaint in March .
Microsoft runs a global “ software asset management ” ( SAM ) programme under which it partners with global consultants such as KPMG in India . Under that programme , KPMG seeks permission from business owners to check for the use of unlicensed software .
Reuters reported earlier this month that Microsoft had begun probing KPMG 's work in India after a member of a ruling party , Vinit Goenka , complained to both companies that a KPMG employee had “ barged in ” to their Mumbai recruitment firm without an appointment to check its software last month .
Following the incident , a senior Microsoft India executive , Rajiv Sodhi , wrote to Goenka and apologised , saying Microsoft was “ getting an assessment agency to carry out an audit of the process delivery at KPMG to identify and correct gaps , if any , ” according to an e-mail reviewed by Reuters .
Microsoft and KPMG , who had earlier declined to comment on the probe , on Tuesday denied there was such an audit , and said allegations made against the programme 's implementation were “ incorrect ” .
“ Microsoft and KPMG strongly refute any suggestion that Microsoft is auditing KPMG , or either company has engaged in any wrong doing , ” the companies said in the statement sent to Reuters .
A spokesperson for Microsoft in India clarified on Tuesday that the company was only examining conduct around the recent incident and was not carrying out a broad probe into KPMG 's other anti-piracy work for Microsoft .
Police complaint
Microsoft declined to comment on why Sodhi previously told Goenka there was an audit being carried out . It also declined to comment on whether it hired an assessment agency to do such an audit , citing employee and customer confidentiality concerns .
“ When a customer complains to us about a process issue they may have experienced , Microsoft and KPMG take the concern seriously and address appropriately through process review and gap assessment , if any , ” the companies said in the joint statement .
Sodhi did not respond to a request for comment .
Told about the statement from Microsoft and KPMG , Goenka said the companies should be addressing the issues they raised .
“ Why would they ( Sodhi ) apologise if they had not done any mistake ? ” said Goenka , who advises government committees on IT initiatives and filed a police complaint after the incident .
India is one of Microsoft 's biggest markets in Asia , but over half of all software installed on computers in the country is unlicensed , advocacy group Business Software Alliance said in 2016 .
Goenka said their firm , Ratein Infotech , used genuine software . Last month , they received a letter from Microsoft saying their company needed help in “ interpreting licensing policies of Microsoft ” , according to emails seen by Reuters .
The issue escalated when a KPMG employee , identified only as Srijesh , entered Ratein 's office on 15 March . Microsoft and KPMG apologised to Goenka and Srijesh wrote an e-mail resigning , the emails showed .
“ The resignation of the KPMG employee was involuntary and hence KPMG has not accepted the resignation , ” the companies said in their statement , without elaborating .
Srijesh could not be reached for comment . Reuters
× Expand Jefferson Davis Monument President of the Confederacy Jefferson Davis is memorialized on Monument Avenue . ( Photo by Josh Rinehults/Getty Images )
Stick with me on this one .
We 're traveling into the philosophical realm to get a glimpse of Richmond 's future .
For this issue , Senior Writer Harry Kollatz Jr. spans the globe , asking what statues and the colossal shadows they cast mean , at this very moment .
Why do they remain ? And what does that say about us ?
Inspired by the work they saw in a 2015 exhibition , Harry weaves the stories of monuments in Paris ; New Delhi ; Memphis , Tennessee ; and Montgomery , Alabama , with ours , talking with present-day philosophers , artists , curators , historians and theologians to assess our collective psyche .
Statues “ are about the fragile nature of power . ”
As we worked on this piece , I continually thought about the recommendations that the Monument Avenue Commission will make to the mayor and City Council by the beginning of July , and the first one that I would make . *
I kept going back to the work by the Raqs Media Collective that Harry includes in their piece .
In 2016 , one of Raqs ' artists , Monica Narula , shared what the group came to realize about statues :
“ They are about the fragile nature of power — the constant panic at the heart of power considering its fraught , frayed and often fraudulent claims to legitimacy . ”
Raqs ' 2015 art installation “ Coronation Park ” was a series of nine unfinished fiberglass statues that represented the anxiety of power ; it was “ a provocation to think about the inner life of power , and its deepest anxiety : the inevitability of abdication . ”
As a nation , we 've had a “ regime ” change .
We 've had a “ regime ” change in the city .
And in November , we saw the start of a possible “ regime ” change in the commonwealth .
We are in the in-between : the erosion of power and the building of power .
What will win out and what will be vanquished ?
The world is watching .
What message will be sent about the now in Richmond ?
* If I were to make just one recommendation , the statue of the leader of the Confederacy , Jefferson Davis , would be dismantled this summer and the space filled with a small sign noting its removal date by the city of Richmond . That first step would speak loudly .
Harvard physicists have created a new form of matter - dubbed a time crystal - which could offer important insights into the mysterious behavior of quantum systems .
Traditionally speaking , crystals - like salt , sugar or even diamonds - are simply periodic arrangements of atoms in a three-dimensional lattice .
Time crystals , on the other hand , take that notion of periodically-arranged atoms and add a fourth dimension , suggesting that - under certain conditions - the atoms that some materials can exhibit periodic structure across time .
Led by Professors of Physics Mikhail Lukin and Eugene Demler , a team consisting of post-doctoral fellows Renate Landig and Georg Kucsko , Junior Fellow Vedika Khemani , and Physics Department graduate students Soonwon Choi , Joonhee Choi and Hengyun Zhou built a quantum system using a small piece of diamond embedded with millions of atomic-scale impurities known as nitrogen-vacancy ( NV ) centers . They then used microwave pulses to `` kick '' the system out of equilibrium , causing the NV center 's spins to flip at precisely-timed intervals - one of the key markers of a time crystal . The work is described in a paper published in Nature in March .
Other co-authors of the study are Junichi Isoya , Shinobu Onoda , and Hitoshi Sumiya from University of Tsukuba , Takasaki Advanced Research Institute and Sumitomo , Fedor Jelezko from University of Ulm , Curt von Keyserlingk from Princeton University and Norman Y. Yao from UC Berkeley .
But the creation of a time crystal is n't significant merely because it proves the previously-only-theoretical materials can exist , Lukin said , but because they offer physicists a tantalizing window into the behavior of such out-of-equilibrium systems .
`` There is now broad , ongoing work to understand the physics of non-equilibrium quantum systems , '' Lukin said . `` This is an area that is of interest for many quantum technologies , because a quantum computer is basically a quantum system that 's far away from equilibrium . It 's very much at the frontier of research ... and we are really just scratching the surface . ''
But while understanding such non-equlibrium systems could help lead researchers down the path to quantum computing , the technology behind time crystals may also have more near-term applications as well .
`` One specific area where we think this might be useful , and this was one of our original motivations for this work , is in precision measurement , '' Lukin said . `` It turns out , if you are trying to build ... for example , a magnetic field sensor , you can use NV-center spins , '' they said . `` So it 's possible these non-equilibrium states of matter which we create may turn out to be useful . ''
The notion that such systems could be built at all , however , initially seemed unlikely . In fact several researchers ( names are Patrick Bruno , Haruki Watanabe , Masaki Oshikawa ) went so far as to prove that it would be impossible to create a time crystal in a quantum system that was at equilibrium .
`` Most things around us are in equilibrium , '' Lukin explained . `` That means if you have a hot body and a cold body , if you bring them together , their temperature will equalize . But not all systems are like that . ''
One of the most common examples of a material that is out of equilibrium , they said , is something many people wear on a daily basis - diamond .
A crystallized form of carbon that forms under intense heat and pressure , diamond is unusual because it is meta-stable , meaning that once it adopts that crystal formation , it will stay that way , even after the heat and pressure are removed .
It is only very recently , Lukin said , that researchers began to realize that non-equilibrium systems - particularly those known as `` driven '' systems , which researchers can `` kick '' with periodic energy pulses , can exhibit the characteristics of a time crystal .
One of those characteristics , they said , is that the crystal 's response across time will remain robust with respect to perturbations .
`` A solid crystal is rigid ... so if you push on it , maybe the distance between atoms changes a little , but the crystal itself survives , '' they said . `` The idea of a time crystal is to have that type of order in a time domain , but it must be robust . ''
One other important ingredient is typically if you keep pushing a system away from equilibrium it starts heating up , but it turns out there is a class of systems which are resistant to this heating , '' Lukin added . `` It turns out the time crystal effect is strongly related to this idea that a system is excited , but it 's not absorbing energy . ''
To build such a system , Lukin and colleagues began with a small piece of diamond which was embedded with so many NV centers it appeared black .
`` We subject that diamond to microwave pulses , which change the orientation of the spins of the NV centers , '' Lukin explained . `` That basically takes all the spins that are pointed up and turns them down , and a next pulse turns them back up . ''
To test the robustness of the system , Lukin and colleagues varied the timing of the pulses to see whether the material would continue to respond like a time crystal .
`` If you do n't orient all the spins fully up or down each time , then very rapidly , you will end up with a completely random system , '' Lukin said . `` But the interactions between the NV centers stabilize the response : they force the system to respond in a periodic , time crystalline manner . ''
Such systems could ultimately be critical in the development of useful quantum computers and quantum sensors , Lukin said , because they demonstrate that two critical components - long quantum memory times and a very high density of quantum bits - arent ' mutually exclusive .
`` For many applications you want both of those , '' Lukin said . `` But these two requirements are usually contradictory .... this is a well-known problem . The present work shows that we can achieve the desired combination . There is still a lot of work to be done , but we believe these effects might enable us to create a new generation of quantum sensors , and could possibly in the long run have other applications to things like atomic clocks . ''
# # #
As far as the ‘ it ' factor goes , this 10-year-old most definitely has it .
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend ( Dec. 9 ) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “ finish the lyrics . ”
Related : Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘ Lion King ' Classics for Remake ?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5 's version of Smokey Robinson 's classic , “ Who 's Lovin ' You , ” but their vocals were incredible .
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover . McCrary has worked with Glover before , appearing on the song “ Terrified ” from Childish Gambino 's Grammy nominated album , Awaken My Love .
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's a squad game , as they say , and you can never account for injuries , loss of form and personal crises .
In part that 's why we did n't see the best of Lee Tomlin , Gary O'Neil and others over the past few seasons .
The race is on to fill the jersey of Bristol City 's departing Bobby Reid and there are several contenders . Some may assume that newcomer Andreas Weimann is set to win that race being the new signing . But it does n't always work like that .
On social media there is already debate on whether the Austrian international can score enough in the position , though their record at Aston Villa playing mostly as a second striker ( off Christian Benteke - can Famara Diedhiou reprise the role ? ) suggests they can .
But even though head coach Lee Johnson explained yesterday that they see Weimann as a second striker and somebody to play in one of the forward positions it could be that Bobby Reid 's replacement is already at Ashton Gate .
I asked Johnson towards the end of last season if they had originally envisaged Matty Taylor as being the man to partner record signing Famara Diedhiou up front for the Robins in 2017-18 as the former Rovers forward had partnered Tammy Abraham towards the end of 2016-17 .
The former Oldham boss replied that it was never a case of having one player in mind but two players competing for the shirt .
So it is for Reid 's replacement .
The runners and riders include Weimann as above but also Matty Taylor who is yet to show their best in a red shirt .
There have been glimpses of what the former Oxford United forward might offer but a few too many missed chances - such as a header away at Brighton and others - so far .
A fine strike against Stoke City in the Carabao Cup and a good poach against Birmingham book-ended that great assist to set up Korey Smith for THAT Bristol City goal .
But there were n't enough of those moments as groin problems on both sides took hold .
Before that Johnson had talked up Taylor as a valuable attacking option and mentioned their stats that showed that they were one of the hardest working players in the league in their position .
`` I 've been delighted with Matty since he 's come in . I love them as a character - he 's a fantastic lad and the other lads love him , '' said Johnson in January .
`` I feel sorry for them because he 's had a stinker of a season due to injury . What I mean is that when he 's performed well their body and their injuries have n't enabled them to be in peak form , which I thought we saw at the end of last season .
`` I was really excited about Matty Taylor this season because I thought towards the end of last season their work rate was outstanding , '' explained the head coach further ahead of the 2017-18 run-in .
Taylor could yet get their run and boasted a goal-scoring record of some envy in the leagues below the Championship . Now could be the time to replicate that in the second tier .
Otherwise it may be up to Jamie Paterson to steal the limelight . The former Nottingham Forest man has already been discussed here as a player who could get even more out of Fam and supply more goals and assists than they have done previously .
This writer believes that they could do as well as someone like James Maddison last season given enough football in the hole .
And what Paterson adds via their improved ability to make key passes and retain possession is to improve the chances and hence goal-scoring of their team-mates .
We tip Paterson to take it but do n't rule out Taylor .
And for that reason it 's unlikely that Jack Marriott will join Bristol City this summer . Unless one of the above moved on there is no space .
David Bach left Morgan Stanley to pursue being a personal finance expert -- but it did n't happen overnight .
July 4 , 2018 9 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
David Bach has a lot to teach entrepreneurs about transitioning from practicing industry leader to teaching industry expert . After all , you probably recognize them from their more than 100 appearances as a financial expert on NBC 's Today Show .
Related : How to Find Your True Calling as an Entrepreneur
Before becoming a financial author and keynote speaker , they were a Morgan Stanley financial planner for almost a decade . This expertise created the foundation on which they built the Finish Rich franchise , an empire that has nine New York Times bestseller titles , live seminars , online courses and more . They are one of the only authors in history to have four books simultaneously on the New York Times , Wall Street Journal , Businessweek and USA Today bestseller lists . They are also the co-founder of AE Wealth Management , one of America 's fastest growing RIA 's with over $ 3.7 billion in total platform assets as of June 1 .
If you want to transition from working within your industry with clients and customers to writing and teaching your industry expertise on a larger scale , read on for Bach 's best tips .
Stay in your day job for as long as you can .
Even after Bach had two bestsellers under their belt , they kept their Morgan Stanley business alive and well . Their literary agent continuously encouraged him , “ Do n't quit ... you have a huge advantage right now . You actually have a going career . Build [ your Finish Rich platform ] on the side while you 've got an existing business . ''
Related : 6 Hobbies That Can Make You Money on the Side
Bach agrees on that advice for most entrepreneurs . They shared that they started Finish Rich Media at their kitchen table with $ 1,000 and time . Like many of the bestselling authors I 've featured , they worked when they could , usually between 4:30 a.m. and 7 a.m .
“ Literally , I wrote Smart Women Finish Rich before I went to the office and after I came home . I started it with nothing , and I did not leave Morgan Stanley until I had a million dollars worth of income coming in to Finish Rich Media . Because I 'm a money guy , conservative , but I also loved what I was doing at Morgan Stanley . ”
They wanted to add that even with their finances in order , they were terrified . Expect to be scared .
“ It was the scariest decision of my life because I was walking away from a business I had spent nine years building . I knew I would have financial security for life in that business , and I did n't know if this would work . And , by the way , when I got to New York , I had those moments that any entrepreneur has which is like , Oh my god , what did I do ? But then it started working . ”
Find a `` why '' beyond yourself .
Many entrepreneurs love the idea of expert status : keynote speeches , book deals and hundreds of thousands of instagram followers . However , the most successful influencers I 've studied have been incredibly mission-focused . Having a vision beyond yourself keeps you going past the roadblocks , setbacks , failures and haters that await an aspiring expert . Bach had helped so many widows , divorcées and other smart capable women who simply had n't been taught about personal finance .
“ My bigger purpose was , to go out and teach a million women to be smarter with money . That 's what lead to Smart Women Finish Rich , and my seminars , and my first PBS show , was this purpose to go help more people . ”
Related : 6 Ways to Pay the Bills When Pursuing Your Passion
Remember , the expert business is still business .
“ You got to treat your business like it 's a business before it 's a business . '' Your first steps should still be to set up an LLC , a bookkeeper , a separate business credit card and , Bach adds , an SEP IRA account for yourself .
“ You also need to be paying yourself first , ” they say . “ It needs to be a cornerstone of why you 're doing what you do , so that you can pay yourself first and you can put yourself first . And if you have a family , you have kids , and you 're an entrepreneur ... actually even if you 're not an entrepreneur , you need to be going out and getting yourself a term insurance policy . Not a whole life policy , I 'm not talking about anything that 's going to have a huge commission in it . I 'm talking about go online and buy a term insurance policy to protect your family . ”
They shared that they know many people with multimillion-dollar business with no profit at the end of the year . Some entrepreneurs are proud of this fact , with the car and lifestyle to prove it .
“ But ... make a list of everything that can go wrong and then make a longer list . I 'm a huge believer in financial security . One of the ways to get through difficult times is to have a bunch of cash . ”
Another key point to building a successful business : actually serving the customer . You may be passionate about your message but does anyone want to hear it ? Bach 's expert journey began after their female clients were asking for more help and referring their friends .
“ So much of [ my work ] was just listening to my readers , and sometimes , my readers telling me , ‘ I need something different than what you gave me . ' That 's what lead to the Automatic Millionaire . People kept asking for me to tell me the ‘ one thing . ' And that 's what lead to the Automatic Millionaire , because I just kept answering that over and over again . ”
Related : How to Position Yourself as an Expert Even If Nobody Has Heard of You
Model other experts ...
Bach 's vision was born out of their desire to help women and their belief that they could do what other franchise authors had done . They thought to themselves that they could do what Tony Robbins was doing in motivation , what Stephen Covey was doing in time management , etc . They saw that they could create a series of books from the start , which helped them land their agent and their first book deal .
“ I worked backwards . How would I touch a million ? I can do what these guys are doing , in personal finance . So then I started modeling , what did these people do ? ” they explained . They went to the bookstore and looked at the acknowledgement section of authors they wanted to model , and found out who their agents and publishers were . They then reached out to their top picks from that group . “ I was very systematic about it . “
... Which will probably include writing a book .
Is writing a book still vital to positioning oneself as an expert ? Probably . Does it have to be a traditionally published New York Times bestseller ? Definitely not , but a finished , printed book still sets you apart . If you follow a lot of authors and influencers , it may seem like “ everyone writes book now ” -- so publishing a book is not as seemingly valuable . The reality , however , is that most of the world is not an aspiring expert . Most consumers are still impressed by the amount of knowledge , research , dedication and follow-through publishing a book requires . Books still require all of those things , by the way , even ebooks .
Related : How to Become an Expert in Your Industry
Simply put , Bach said , “ Yeah . You have to do this thing called writing . ”
If you are self-publishing and have trouble motivating yourself to write , announce a publishing date to your community , or build in external motivators using writing groups or an accountability partner .
“ Due dates are what get me to get things done , I sit down and I have a goal every morning to get 1,000 or 1,500 words done . I get up early , I write most of my books in libraries . I look at like , you 've got 60,000 to 80,000 words to get done , and you need to do it over 90 days , and let 's go . ”
Be prepared for the grind .
“ I used to have to fly all over the country . I was staying in the Motel 6 's all over America and doing every college radio show . It always looks glamorous by the time you see the person on the Today Show or wherever ... It took a lot of not glamorous time. ” Bach shared that they had events with only 10 people , and even a signing with only one attendee , who did n't buy the book . The key , they explained , was that they loved every minute of it .
Now he 's building online courses and hosting virtual book signings , which may be your plan as well . It does take a lot fewer live events to build an audience these days , but digital work is still a grind . Instead of hours on the road , you may be spending hours writing at a library , editing “ ums ” out of podcasts , researching speaking opportunities , trying to fix a Wordpress issue , etc .
Related : For the World to See You as an Authority , You Must First Become One in Your Own Backyard
Stay true to your values .
Bach 's core financial advice from their books also works for entrepreneurs and influencers . List out your five core values to guide your life . Then look at your time , energy , talents and resources .
“ Look at your life and ask yourself , are you spending money in a way that matches up with your values ? ''
Learn more from Bach in their full interview on The Kelsey Show on YouTube .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street fans were convinced that the ITV soap predicted that a Spice Girls reunion was on the cards after a number of timely references were made during tonight 's episode .
Yesterday , it was revealed that the world-famous girl group would be reforming and it is reported that they are set to pocket £10million each .
They have since been spotted making their way to Geri Halliwell 's house and teasingly shared the first picture of all five of them we have seen in six years .
This evening 's episode of the soap , which was written at least a month ago , Gina made some `` girl power '' references as Sally worried about their flat tyre .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : emmaleebunton/Instagram )
Gina insisted that they could change the tyre and that they did n't need the men from the garage helping them .
`` We can do it ! There were n't any men in the Spice Girls , '' they said .
But Rosie responded : `` Yes , and the Spice Girls were n't mechanics ! ''
Yet Gina insisted : `` Come on Sal , Spice up your life ! ''
And fans could n't believe it .
One viewer tweeted : `` All the # spicegirls references on # Corrie it 's as if they knew . ''
While another commented : `` Very timely , these Spice Girls references . # Corrie . ''
A third questioned : `` # corrie oh oh , did # Gina have insider info about the # SpiceGirls reforming ? ''
Spooky ...
* Coronation Street returns on Monday at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
Deal ( Mostly ) Struck Over Brexit Terms After Months Of Negotiations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
Negotiators from the U.K. and the EU says they have reached a provisional agreement on how Britain will withdraw from the EU .
The agreement allows for a nearly two-year transition period , ending on Dec. 31 , 2020 . The U.K. is set to leave the EU in March 2019 and that transition period is designed to ease the shift .
But major questions are still up in the air after months of negotiations , most prominently how to handle the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland , which is part of the U.K . The draft agreement is set to be considered by EU leaders later this week .
At a press conference , EU negotiator Michel Barnier hailed this draft legal text as a `` decisive step , because we were able this morning to agree , and after all those days and nights of hard work , or what will make up an international agreement for the orderly withdrawal of the United Kingdom . ''
Essentially , as Reuters put it , today 's deal means that `` Britain will remain as effectively a non-voting EU member '' during that time .
Markets rallied after the announcement , The Financial Times reported , `` with sterling climbing above $ 1.40 against the dollar to reach its highest level in three weeks . ''
If approved , it would prevent a `` cliff-edge exit , '' a scenario in which the U.K. does not reach firm agreement with the EU on the terms before its exit .
U.K. 's Brexit Minister David Davis said that this would allow businesses to plan . `` Businesses need not delay investment decisions , or rush through contingency plans based on guesses about the future deal , '' Davis said . `` Instead they now have certainty about the terms that will apply immediately after our withdrawal . ''
The deal would allow the U.K. to make trade deals that would enter into force after the transition period ends , Davis said . During the transition period , agreements dating from the U.K. 's EU membership would continue to apply .
In terms of diplomacy and defense , Davis also stated that this agreement sets the stage for an `` ambitious partnership '' that `` goes beyond the relationship the European Union has with any other third country . ''
And the fate of EU citizens in the U.K. has been clarified in this draft . `` British citizens and European citizens of the 27 who arrive during the transition period will receive the same rights and guarantees as those who arrived before the day of Brexit , '' Barnier told reporters , according to The Guardian .
That 's a shift from what British Prime Minister Theresa had previously insisted on , the newspaper adds : that EU citizens `` arriving during the transition period would be treated differently to those already in the U.K . ''
The 129-page draft agreement is mostly composed of text highlighted in green , indicating that the negotiators have agreed . A section on Ireland and Northern Ireland is primarily yellow or white , showing that it is still under discussion .
But according to the agreement , the negotiators agreed to what has been termed a `` backstop '' solution for the border .
That emergency backstop , according to the Financial Times , would `` keep Northern Ireland in key parts of the single market and the EU 's customs union '' unless another solution is found .
Last month , as NPR 's Lauren Frayer reported , U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said that no British Prime Minister could ever accept that policy which would `` undermine the U.K. common market and threaten constitution integrity of the U.K. by creating a customs and regulatory border down the Irish Sea . ''
Davis stressed today that there is `` yet no agreement on the right operational approach . '' They added that they hope `` to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland . ''
With regard to fishing , the agreement also provides `` specific safeguards when it comes to annual fishing negotiations , '' Davis said .
Fisheries had been hoping for more leverage prior to the end of the transition period . According to the Guardian , leader of the Scottish Conservatives Ruth Davidson said , `` That we now have to wait until 2020 to assume full control is an undoubted disappointment . Having spoken to fishing leaders today , I know they are deeply frustrated with this outcome . ''
ROME – When most people think of Rome they picture the majestic Colosseum or the countless churches and basilicas sprawled across the city , but deep underground there is another Eternal City that tells the tale of the first pioneers of the Christian faith .
The Catacombs of Domitilla , a vast web of tunnels and tombs used by early Christians for refuge and burial , is finding new life under the muck and mold thanks to restorations sponsored by the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Art , which completed its work May 29 and will open the painted crypts to the public next month .
The catacombs “ represent the concrete and legible testimony of ‘ Christian death , ' seen by our early brothers as a provisory death in anticipation of the final Resurrection , ” said Fabrizio Visconti , superintendent at the Commission , at the unveiling May 30 .
The United States is usually called the home of pioneers , from its Westward expansion to its race to the Moon , but Italians also have an extraordinary lineup of explorers such as Marco Polo , Amerigo Vespucci , and Christopher Columbus .
Less than a year after Columbus made their voyage to the New World , Antonio Bosio , a Maltese archeologist obsessed with early Christian history , began their exploration of an old World buried under the city of Rome .
In 1593 Bosio first entered the Catacombs of Domitilla , under the patronage of the Order of Malta , earning the title of the “ Christopher Columbus of Rome 's underground . ”
Like Columbus , Bosio got lost and resorted to the mythological trick of using a ball of thread to trace their steps in the dark labyrinth .
The Catacombs extended for more than 7.4 miles , with two and sometimes four underground floors with a total of 26,250 tombs .
The “ city under the city ” first started with the Ancient Roman tombs of the first century B.C . that multiplied during the second and third centuries after Christ , when it became a popular Christian burial ground . Continue reading
Sources
Crux article by Crux Editorial Assistant , Claire Giangravè .
Image : Pinterest
News category : Features .
Pompeo to meet North Korean envoy as summit negotiations continue
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is scheduled to meet with North Korean official Kim Yong Chol in New York again on Thursday in preparation for the on-again , off-again June 12 summit between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un . Last week , Trump canceled the planned summit in an open letter to Kim , accusing them of showing `` open hostility '' toward Washington . Discussions continued , however , and on Sunday , Trump announced U.S. officials were in North Korea making arrangements for the meeting . On Tuesday , Trump said Kim Yong Chol , a former spy chief , was playing a major role in the summit .
European , U.S. trade officials meet ahead of tariffs deadline
European officials will meet with American trade representatives Thursday in a last-ditch effort to avert President Trump from imposing tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union . Trump announced in March the U.S. would slap a 25 % tariff on imported steel , and a 10 % tariff on imported aluminum , citing national security interests — they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies which expires Friday . The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn .
NBA Finals pits LeBron and the Cavs vs. the Warriors — again
For the fourth time in as many seasons , the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers are set to battle in the NBA Finals . The Warriors are massive favorites , but any time three of the league 's top five players ( LeBron James , Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry ) face off on basketball 's biggest stage , it makes for must-see hoops . Can James , at age 33 and in their 15th season , continue to play what 's arguably been the best basketball of their career ? Can the other Cavs — Kevin love , who remains in the NBA 's concussion protocol , as well as Jeff Green and George Hill — step up to help LeBron ? Will the absence of 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala ( leg injury ) make the Warriors vulnerable without their Hamptons Five lineups ? Find out when Game 1 tips off Thursday at 9 p.m . ET on ABC .
Warriors-Cavaliers rivalry through the years Flip through the gallery to see photos of the Warriors-Cavaliers rivalry through the years . 01 / 42 Flip through the gallery to see photos of the Warriors-Cavaliers rivalry through the years . 01 / 42
Vegas casino workers could strike for the first time in more than 3 decades
Las Vegas casinos could watch tens of thousands of employees walk off the job for the first time in more than three decades if a new deal is not reached by midnight Thursday . Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training , wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts . The last strike , in 1984 , spanned 67 days and cost the city and workers tens of millions of dollars . On Wednesday , the Culinary Union estimated that MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment , two of Vegas ' largest resort operators in Vegas , would lose more than $ 10 million a day combined if housekeepers , cooks and others go on strike .
Super spellers go for glory in bee finals
You can bet there 'll be A-N-X-I-E-T-Y in the air when 41 young spelling whizzes compete Thursday in the finals of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in National Harbor , Md . This year 's group of finalists , ages 8-15 , emerged from 516 competitors — the largest pool ever — to compete for the top prize . The winner will receive more than $ 40,000 in cash , an engraved trophy and a replica 1768 Encyclopedia Britannica set . TV coverage of the finals begins at 8:30 p.m . ET on ESPN . Think you 've got what it takes to Bee champ ? Take our interactive spelling quiz .
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee , May 29 , 2018 . 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee , May 29 , 2018 . 01 / 12
Contributing : Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A police watchdog has raised concerns about the way stop and search powers are recorded by one of the region 's forces .
North Yorkshire Police ( NYP ) requires improvement for how it treats all of the people it serves with fairness and respect , according to the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services .
As part of its annual inspections into police effectiveness , efficiency and legitimacy ( PEEL ) , the watchdog assesses all the forces across England and Wales .
Reports released today look into police legitimacy – how fairly and respectfully the forces treat those they serve , whether they behave ethically and lawfully and how they treat their workforces .
All four of Yorkshire 's forces received “ good ” ratings overall – the second highest ranking – though the watchdog highlighted one area for improvement each in North and South Yorkshire ( SYP ) .
NYP has been told it needs to improve how it treats all of the people it serves with fairness and respect .
The report details how the watchdog 's review of 200 of the force 's stop and search records “ indicate that some officers and supervisors either still do not understand fully what constitutes reasonable grounds , or do not know how to record them properly ” .
HM Inspector of Constabulary Mike Cunningham said : “ One area of concern is that the force does not have robust processes in place to scrutinise its use of stop and search powers . This is an important issue that needs to be addressed . ”
NYP Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward said : “ The findings of the report again showed that our officers and staff behave ethically and lawfully in line with the Code of Ethics , which is embedded in the way we work on a daily basis .
“ It is also shows that North Yorkshire Police cares for the wellbeing of its officers and staff and treats them fairly and with respect .
“ We have , however , carefully noted the feedback about treating all the people we serve with fairness and respect , as well as introducing greater external scrutiny and more robust processes in the way we manage stop and search powers . The PEEL inspections are designed to improve policing and we fully take on board the recommendations . ”
The area 's Police and Crime Commissioner , Julia Mulligan , said : “ There were a number of areas highlighted for improvement , many of which I have been raising with the Chief Constable for some time now , and I am keen to see improvements as soon as possible . ”
The report states that 4,418 stop and search procedures ( excluding vehicle only searches ) were carried out across the force area in 2015 .
SYP needs to improve on how much “ fairness and respect ” its workforce is shown , according to the watchdog , with “ the way it prioritises and communicates matters of wellbeing ” highlighted as an area to better .
A force spokesperson said progress had already been made and “ we are committed to doing all we can to support our people in delivering the best possible service to the public of South Yorkshire ” .
Nationally , the analysis suggested that police are less likely to find illegal substances on black people than white individuals when carrying out stop and searches for drugs .
The watchdog said this was “ troubling ” and “ suggests that the use of stop and search on black people might be based on weaker grounds for suspicion than its use on white people , particularly in respect of drugs . ”
Paid Content
Are MVMT Watches Really Worth The Hype ?
One Of Our Writers Got Their First MVMT Watch And The Review Is In
I have an addiction . An addiction to watches . More specifically , to watches I can buy online without ever having to set foot in a store and deal with a salesperson trying to convince me about which style is best for me . Yes , I like an oversized watch — deal with it , lady . But I digress .
Somehow , I had somehow never gotten my hands on an MVMT watch ... until now . The million-dollar question then became : Would it live up to all the hype , the accolades and the countless Instagram shoutouts ? We 've all seen the # OOTD snaps featuring MVMT ( they do have 800K followers on Insta , after all ) and yes , they look sleek as hell , but what about the quality and the overall shopping experience ? More on that in a second .
First , just in case you 've been in quarantine or have n't logged into social media in the past 24 months , here 's a little refresher : Since first being launched in 2013 by two 21-year-old college dropouts , MVMT — pronounced ” movement ” — has been committed to offering stylish watches at an affordable price i.e . making you look fly AF without having to spend a fortune .
Last year , they expanded their offering and pleased countless fans when they unveiled a range of sleek sunglasses that stayed true to the company 's affordable luxury mantra , along with a new line of revamped chronographs that looked as cool as ever . Clearly , they 're doing something right , as they 've figured out how to tap into trends and deliver just what their loyal following wants season after season .
Now , back to the watch in my hands . It 's dubbed the Chrono Gun Metal and it 's paired with a light sandstone strap that 's perfect for the season . Calling this a sexy piece of arm candy does n't quite do it justice . It 's stylish but in a completely effortless sort of way , which is exactly what all great accessories should be .
It looks and feels luxe , as promised , and those vibes are conveyed from the second you get your order in the mail . The watch comes packed in a sleek black box with a metallic red monogram that makes it seem like you just dropped some serious cash on your latest purchase and yes , that definitely adds to the overall experience . Open it up and you 'll find your watch sitting pretty inside , carefully packed so as to survive the journey to your doorstep .
Pulling off the cover , I got my first glimpse of the Chrono Gun Metal itself and that 's all the time it took to call it : This may just be one of the best releases from MVMT to date . Browsing their online catalog reveals plenty of great styles for men ( and women ) in different color combinations and sizes , but the 45 mm face of this particular model is just right to make it a statement piece without allowing it to become overpowering .
From casual to dressed up , the brushed gunmetal stainless steel case paired with a gunmetal dial and gunmetal hands and markers offers a dope monochrome look that 's right on trend while the unexpected ( and super fun ) powder blue seconds hand adds a unique element that makes the watch stand out . Each of the three subdials ( the 24-hour clock , 30-minute timer and 60-second timer ) also comes with a blue hand and even though this may just be a small accent , style is all in the details , folks . Right ? Right . There 's also a small date window off to the side , just in case you 're constantly trying to figure out what day it is , like yours truly .
The standard light sandstone strap , which is made from genuine leather , is the perfect choice for summer and fall , but if you feel inclined to turn your watch into two or three different models , all you have to do pick up a secondary strap . Simply take your pick from black , natural or tan leather . Note : This one 's not compatible with their metal bands .
If you do throw in an interchangeable strap to your order , you 'll find another classy black and red mini box at your doorstep with a monogram dust bag inside . The cool part here , which took me by surprise , is that MVMT will send you a simple three-step instruction card so that you can easily switch out the strap yourself without having to go to a store and pay someone to do it for you . You simply pop out the original strap and drop in the new one in all of three seconds , which gives you the freedom to switch back and forth as often as you 'd like and that deserves major props .
The watch is water resistant ( not that you would want to treat your new baby like that ! ) , comes with a 24-month warranty and shipping and returns are free worldwide on all orders over $ 50 , just in case you change your mind . Something that 's highly unlikely once you actually unbox your purchase and put the watch on . Your wrist game will be on point , I promise . Add to that the fact that you 've just spent under $ 300 to achieve an envy-inducing look and you can give yourself a well deserved high five .
Which brings us back full circle to the original question : Are MVMT watches worth all the hype ? If you want the freedom to browse stylish watches from six different collections without having to deal with a middleman and you want to be able to choose freely from materials , colors and sizes that fit every type of gent , then yes , MVMT watches are worth the hype . If you want to regularly update your timepiece collection without having to take out a loan and ensure that you get plenty of compliments to boot , then yes , MVMT watches are worth the hype . Now , it 's time for an # OOTD snap…
AskMen may receive a portion of revenue if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service . The links are independently placed by our Commerce team and do not influence editorial content .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Virgin Trains has unveiled a commemorative plaque at Crewe station , recognising a Royal Naval train which transported soldiers and sailors along the West Coast Main Line over 100 years ago .
To mark the centenary of the journeys made on the Jellicoe Express during the First World War , Virgin Trains worked with two Community Rail Partnerships ( North Staffordshire and Crewe – Manchester ) , to unveil a commemorative plaque on Platform 12 .
Named after Admiral Sir John Jellicoe , the commander of the Grand Fleet who led the British forces at the Battle of Jutland in June 1916 , the Jellicoe Express carried service personnel to and from the British fleet based at Scapa Flow in Orkney - travelling daily between London Euston and Thurso with a journey time of 21hours 30minutes .
Unveiled by Cllr Pam Minshall , the plaque provides a permanent memorial to the train , which served the town as part of its 717-mile journey .
Crewe station was one of the few stops on the route where sailors and soldiers could join the train . It also served as a welcome refreshment stop , where over 300 women volunteers worked around the clock to provide refreshments in a canteen on Platform 6 .
With the help of the local community , Virgin Trains has created a small display using images of Crewe station and accounts from people who travelled on the Jellicoe Express to illustrate the facilities available for armed service personnel during the First World War . It is available to view until June 15 .
Heather Hodkinson , Virgin Trains Station Manager at Crewe , said : “ At Virgin Trains we 're proud to celebrate a significant part of Crewe 's heritage . Crewe station played an important role as the Jellicoe Express made its journey between London Euston and Thurso , and today it continues to be a key hub on our west coast route .
“ We 've really enjoyed working with the local community to offer an insight into the station during the First World War and help ensure the Jellicoe Express will forever be remembered here in Crewe . ”
Cllr Pam Minshall said : “ I am delighted to be part of the Jellicoe Express project alongside Virgin Trains . Crewe was able to play a small but significant part in helping thousands of naval personnel travel between London and the North of Scotland during World War One .
“ I am really pleased that there is now a fitting memorial on Platform 12 at Crewe station to commemorate the journey and the lives of so many . ”
Nick Jellicoe , grandson of the Admiral Sir John Jellicoe , said : “ The railways were , in a very real sense , the Navy 's vital lines of supply . From every corner of the country , munitions , food and manpower were transported north through its steel arteries . And from neighbouring Wales , all of that of course , but also its famous black coal .
“ John Jellicoe was the first to acknowledge the tremendous debt that they – and the Navy – owed the men and women who worked these trains in a relentless race against time . And maybe , especially to those who kept the Jellicoe Express running on time , day in , day out . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An Aldi customer has accidentally revealed why their own brand 'Hula Hoops ' look and taste exactly like the real thing - they are made in the same place .
Shopper Graeme Clapp and wife Sarah bought a ten bag multipack of the budget supermarket 's 'Snackrite Hoops ' for 99p .
But inside were ten bags of 'Hula Hoops ' made by KP Snacks .
Hula Hoops normally cost around £1.60 for a seven-pack of crisps .
( Photo : Birmingham Mail )
The couple became even more suspicious about the mixup when they realised the ingredients and nutritional information on both crisp bags were almost identical .
When contacted by The Sun , KP snacks confirmed it makes both its Hula Hoops brand and SnackRite Hoops at the same factory .
A spokesperson said : `` This looks like an unfortunate error at the packaging stage which we are investigating . ''
Mr Clapp add : `` I found the whole thing very amusing , I would bet they are the same product in different packets . ''
Customers have long suspected some supermarket own-brand products are identical to their premium brand rivals .
But the food industry is notoriously secretive and rarely gets caught out .
× Franklin County Sheriff 's Office investigating body found in vehicle
SULLIVAN , MO – Police are investigating the discovery of a body in a vehicle in Sullivan Missouri . According to the Franklin County Sheriff , the body was found Tuesday afternoon in the trunk of a vehicle on the parking lot of a former Burger King in Oak Grove Village .
Police say someone noticed a foul smell and when officers opened the truck they found the body of an adult .
Fox 2 's Katherine hassle is heading to Franklin County and will update this story as more information become available .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Fred Olsen has launched its biggest sale of the year , with deals across over 100 of its sailings on both its river and ocean cruise holidays .
The cruise line has unveiled a host of brilliant bargains for its 2018/2019 itineraries , offering passengers the chance to snap up free drinks on board or complimentary tours .
Opt for the drinks deal and you 'll receive FREE all-inclusive drinks on a wide range of cruises - including house wines by the glass , selected beers and soft drinks all day and evening . Without having to spend an extra penny ,
Exploring a brand-new destination ? Then the complimentary tour offer will be of interest , as Fred Olsen is offering shore tour credit for up to £200 per person completely FREE - and you get to choose the destination .
And there 's more good news for holidaymakers . The offers are available on bookings made before the 1st March 2018 so you 've got ample opportunity to snap up one of the offers .
Then of course there 's Fred Olsen 's 'Enjoyment Promise ' ; if you 've booked more than 12 weeks ahead on cruises of five nights of more , and you decide it 's not for you , just contact Guest Services within the first 48 hours of sailing ( 24 hours on Brabant river cruises ) and Fred Olsen will not only refund the cruise fare , they 'll pay for you to get home too .
If you 're already undecided as to where to go , then we 've given you a helping hand with a look at the top itineraries and deals in the sale ...
1 . Floral Funchal & the Canary Islands cruise
This adult-only cruise offers stops on three sun-soaked Canary Islands during the 15-night sailing ; Gran Canaria , Tenerife and La Palma . There you 'll find spectacular scenery , must-visit museums and plenty of unforgettable experiences on offer .
The cruise also includes a visit to Madeira , where an overnight stay in Funchal is timed to coincide with the breathtaking Flower Festival .
The deal : Free all-inclusive drinks upgrade OR £200 per person shore tour spend available . Prices start from £1,599pp , based on a 13th April 2018 departure . Click here to book .
2 . Sun , Sea & Monaco Grand Prix cruise
Sports fans can experience the thrill of the 2018 Monaco Grand Prix thanks to the full-day call in nearby Nice in this 16-night sailing , where you 'll arrive early on race day morning so you can soak up the pre-race excitement before taking your seat to watch the F1 calendar highlight .
There 's ample opportunity for relaxation too - from the palm-fringed Promenade des Anglais to a visit to sun-soaked St Tropez .
The deal : Free all-inclusive drinks upgrade OR £200 per person shore tour spend available . Prices start from £1,999pp , based on an 18th May departure . Click here to book .
3.Scenic Fjords of Norway cruise
Expect spectacular views throughout this glamorous cruise .
Not only will you get to take in the breathtaking beauty of Norway 's fjords on this 7-night sailing , but the Balmoral also sails along spectacular waterways , not to mention stops include UNESCO-listed Bryggen Wharf in Bergen and the bustling fish market .
The deal : Free all-inclusive drinks upgrade OR £100 per person shore tour spend available . Prices start from £949pp , based on a 23rd June 2018 departure . Click here to book .
4 . Eastern European Danube Discovery
The nine-night sailing on board the Brabant takes you through four countries via the breathtaking Danube river : Hungary , Serbia , Bulgaria and Romania .
Stops include hotspots such as Budapest , Kalocsa and Belgrade , offering up plenty of culture and history .
The deal : Free all-inclusive dining drinks upgrade OR £100 per person shore tour spend available . Prices start from £1,399pp ( cruise only ) based on a 25th October 2018 departure via Budapest . Click here to book .
5 . Amazon River Adventure
Explore the best of the Amazon on this 14-night cruise via Bridgetown , Barbados . Sailing from Barbados to Brazil , you 'll get to discover the dense jungle and rainforest , spot exotic wildlife and plenty of exciting entertainment along the way too .
The deal : Free all-inclusive drinks upgrade OR £200 per person shore tour spend available . Prices from £1,499 ( cruise only ) , based on a 17th January 2019 departure . Click here to book .
All prices shown are based on two adults sharing an Interior or Standard Room , and include accommodation and all meals on board , plus entertainment , port/airport taxes and transfers , as applicable .
Can You Choose A Romantic Partner Just By Their Voice ? A Dating App Thinks So
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images
Would you choose a romantic partner based just on their voice ?
A new dating app lets you do just that . The app , Waving , is just like Tinder : You swipe right for someone you 're into , and swipe left for someone you 're not . But the app 's profile does n't host any photos of favorite hobbies or pets , or long bios that help you glean some insight into your potential date 's lifestyle — just a short voice message .
Research News The Rules of Attraction May Turn on Our Voices The Rules of Attraction May Turn on Our Voices Listen
`` The first thing I thought when I heard about this app was , you know , it sounds like a bit of a gimmick , '' said Robert Burriss , an evolutionary psychologist who studies human attraction at the University of Basel in Switzerland . But , they added , there 's a lot of research being done to show that voices are important when it comes to judging a partner .
So what exactly makes a voice right-swipe-worthy ? Men with deeper voices are found more attractive by women , and women with higher-pitched voices tend to be more attractive to men , according to Burris .
The trend is n't an arbitrary preference : It has it roots in biology . A deeper voice in a man could mean a high level of testosterone , and a higher-pitched voice in a woman might signal high estrogen levels . In one study out of Tanzania , pregnant women preferred men with higher-pitched voices .
`` This might be because women who are pregnant are sort of primed to want to affiliate with men who are more feminine , more friendly , '' said Burriss . `` And these men tend to have a higher-pitched voice . ''
If you 're sold on the idea and ready to create a profile , Burriss suggests you vary your tone — they say it 's like smiling in a picture . When voices go up , they `` sound more approachable , more extrovert , '' they said . `` Whereas introverts will tend to sort of sink back into their voice , and their voice will be more monotonous . ''
If you 're looking to date an extrovert , or host a radio show , monotony might not be so attractive . But despite their research interests and evolutionary psychological theorizing , Burriss thinks you might not want to delete those selfies just yet .
`` Before that finger presses that button to say , yes , it 's a match , they 're probably going to want to see the face , '' said Burriss . `` Do I really think people are going to go on lots of dates with people they meet on this app ? I 'm not so sure . ''
NPR 's Emily Sullivan produced this story for digital .
By The Associated Press
LONDON ( AP ) — The leader of Britain 's House of Commons says the state opening of Parliament will take place on June 21 .
The announcement by Andrea Leadsom suggests that Prime Minister Theresa May and the Northern Ireland-based Democratic Unionist Party have struck an agreement or are close to one .
May is holding talks Thursday with other Northern Ireland political parties amid warnings the expected DUP deal will undermine the peace process .
May needs the support of the DUP to govern , after a disastrous election result in which they lost their parliamentary majority .
Advertisement
The opening was set to take place on Monday , but was delayed amid negotiations .
On Saturday , Prithvi Shaw will become the sixth cricketer to lead an India in the ICC 2018 Under-19 World Cup final . Shaw follows in on the footsteps of Mohammad Kaif ( 2000 ) , Ravikant Shukla ( 2006 ) , Virat Kohli ( 2008 ) , Unmukt Chand ( 2012 ) and Ishan Kishan ( 2014 ) . Of them , Kaif , Kohli and Chand have led India to victories , bringing home the Under-19 World Cup . Whether Shaw will emulate them remains to be seen , but given India 's run of one-sided wins in the tournament , a victory certainly wo n't come as a surprise . All eyes will be on Shaw and their boys this weekend . They carry the legacy of players such as Shikhar Dhawan , Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh to name just a few .
Under-19 World Cup launched the careers of these 15 Indian cricketers
Prithvi Shaw has already been marked out as one for the future . Indian media , never short on exaggeration when it comes to cricket , has branded them the next Sachin Tendulkar . Shubman Gill , Shivam Mavi , Kamlesh Nagarkoti , Anukul Roy and Ishan Porel have all impressed . It will not be unfair to expect that they will share the burden of the men 's team as well . Kohli themselves has done that and is one of the 15 Indian cricketers to have played both the World Cup and the Under-19 World Cup . And when drawing up this haloed list , it only seemed fair that we began with him :
1 . Virat Kohli ( Under-19 in 2008 ; World Cup in 2011 , 2015 )
Virat Kohli was already one of the most promising Indian cricketers when they were appointed captain of India Under-19 for the 2008 World Cup . They were pushed to international cricket months after they led India to a title win , went from strength to strength , and is universally considered the finest contemporary batsman in limited-overs cricket .
They scored a hundred in their first World Cup innings , in 2011 , and was a part of the winning squad . They did an encore in 2015 , scoring a hundred in India 's first match of the tournament . Whether they will do that again in 2019 remains to be seen , but what we do know is the fact that they are on their way to become the first to lead India in both World Cups .
2 . Rohit Sharma ( Under-19 in 2006 ; World Cup in 2015 )
Rohit Sharma had scored three consecutive fifties to help India Under-19 reach the 2006 final . India definitely had a chance , but were bowled for 71 , chasing 111 .
An unperturbed Rohit moved on to bigger things . At this point they are the only batsman to have scored three ODI double-hundreds ( nobody has even two ) . They played in the 2015 World Cup too . Their 137 in the quarter-final was the second hundred by an Indian cricketer in a World Cup knockout match .
3 . Ravindra Jadeja ( Under-19 in 2006 and 2008 ; World Cup in 2015 )
Jadeja was a part of the 2006 Under-19 World Cup where India lost the final to Pakistan . They were young enough to qualify for the 2008 edition as well . This time there was no stopping him : their 10 wickets in the tournament came at a mere 13.20 as Kohli 's boys clinched the trophy .
Seven years after that , Jadeja played alongside two other Indian cricketers and U-19 alumni — Kohli and Rohit in the 2015 World Cup .
4 . Piyush Chawla ( Under-19 in 2006 ; World Cup in 2011 )
Piyush Chawla took 13 wickets at 12.15 in the 2006 Under-19 World Cup . This included figures of 8.1-3-8-4 in the final , where India lost . Still 17 , they made their Test debut the following month , becoming the second-youngest Indian to play Test cricket .
Five years after these they played three matches during India 's victorious 2011 World Cup campaign . They were ordinary in these outings , but that World Cup winner 's medal found a place in their showcase nevertheless .
5 . Shikhar Dhawan ( Under-19 in 2004 ; World Cup in 2015 )
Dhawan romped into limelight in the 2004 Under-19 edition , thrashing every many other young Indian cricketers who crossed their path and getting 505 runs when nobody managed 400 . Then they vanished , just like that , before resurfacing later in the decade . They scored a scintillating a hundred on Test debut , and continues to remain in and out of the side .
Dhawan continues to dominate global events the way they did at Under-19 level . Their 1,113 runs across the two major tournaments ( World Cup and Champions Trophy ) have come at 65.47 . Nobody in the world has a better average .
6 . Suresh Raina ( Under-19 in 2004 ; World Cup in 2011 , 2015 )
Raina did not have as remarkable a World Cup as Dhawan , but they made their international debut before the latter , at only 18 . Just like Dhawan , Raina has had a prolific run across two World Cups ( 2011 and 2015 ) , and played crucial cameos in the quarter-final and semi-final en route India 's triumph in the first .
However , their real strength lies in the shortest format : not only was Raina the first Indian to score a T20 international century , they are also the highest run-getter in IPL history .
7 . Robin Uthappa ( Under-19 in 2004 ; World Cup in 2007 )
Robin Uthappa played the senior World Cup before their 2004 batch-mates Dhawan and Raina . However , 2007 was India 's worst World Cup since the 1970s , and Uthappa found themselves out of the side next year . They did make comebacks ( especially after winning the IPL Orange Cap in 2014 ) , but it is unlikely that they will cement a place at this stage .
8 . Yuvraj Singh ( Under-19 in 2000 ; World Cup in 2003 , 2007 , 2011 )
Yuvraj actually shone with ball ( 12 wickets at 11.5 ) when India won the 2000 Under-19 World Cup . Eleven years later , in their third World Cup , Yuvraj was named Player of the Tournament .
Several Indian cricketers have left their marks on the World Cup , but none to the extent Yuvraj had on the 2011 edition . They delivered in every match , and their tournament haul read 362 runs and 15 wickets . What makes it even more astonishing is the fact that they were unknowingly battling cancer at that point .
9 . Mohammad Kaif ( Under-19 in 2000 ; World Cup in 2003 )
At 17 , Kaif had an excellent Under-19 World Cup in 1998 , scoring 251 runs at 63 . They led India in 2000 – in fact , they led them to their maiden title – and within two years they became an integral part of the Indian senior team .
Gutsy with bat and electric on field , Kaif batted up and down the order in the 2003 World Cup where India finished runners-up . They held four catches against Sri Lanka in that edition , still a record for an Indian outfielder in a World Cup match .
10 . Virender Sehwag ( Under-19 in 1998 ; World Cup in 2003 , 2007 , 2011 )
It is almost impossible to visualise a teenage Sehwag , but they did play in the 1998 edition . They bowled better than they batted . They later played three World Cups , between 2003 and 2011 . Their outings in the senior editions yielded mixed results , but they did play a blinder in the 2003 final .
Sehwag grabbed more attention in 2011 , where they hit a four off the first ball of the Indian innings in each of India 's first five matches .
11 . Harbhajan Singh ( Under-19 in 1998 ; World Cup in 2003 , 2007 , 2011 )
Harbhajan played in the 1998 edition just before their board exams . If we go by stories , they were summoned to the Test side in less than another two months , which denied them of the chance to appear . Like two other Indian cricketers , Yuvraj and Sehwag , Harbhajan played in the 2003 , 2007 and 2011 World Cups as well .
The rapid rise of R Ashwin hastened their decline and an international comeback seems unlikely , but Harbhajan continues to remain a star in IPL .
12 . Pravin Amre ( Under-19 in 1988 ; World Cup in 1992 )
The 1988 Youth Cricket World Cup was technically an Under-20 edition , and was the only Youth World Cup till 1998 . Amre did not have a particularly great tournament , but was one of those Indian cricketers who arrived dramatically in international cricket , scoring a fifty on ODI debut and a hundred on Test debut . They played four matches in the 1992 World Cup .
13 . Nayan Mongia ( Under-19 in 1988 ; World Cup in 1996 , 1999 )
Before playing for India in the last two World Cups of the last millennium , Mongia kept wickets in the 1988 Youth World Cup . Mongia was probably the finest wicketkeeper to spin in the 1990s , and read the dangerous Anil Kumble better than anyone . They lost their place in 50-over cricket once Rahul Dravid agreed to keep wickets .
14 . Venkatapathy Raju ( Under-19 in 1988 ; World Cup in 1992 , 1996 )
Raju 's frame never outgrew those Under-19 days , but they did a reasonable job for India in their two World Cups . Picked as India 's lone specialist spinner in 1992 , they toiled hard on unhelpful pitches , not taking wickets but not giving away runs , either . They did a better job in the 1996 edition at home .
15 . Subroto Banerjee ( Under-19 in 1988 ; World Cup in 1992 )
Banerjee played in the 1988 Youth World Cup alongside three other Indian cricketers – Mongia , Amre and Raju – had an impressive Test debut ( it turned out to be their only Test ) and played in the 1992 World Cup ( two matches ) .
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
> More on Sports
Our Score :
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me , but I think they enjoyed it – Mark Twain
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness . – Honore de Balzac
15 year-old “ Jamie ” ( Lucas Jade Zumann ) is a familiar character to Mike Mills who wrote and directed 20th Century Women , as it is based on their own upbringing . In 1979 Jamie is into skateboarding and their best friend “ Julie , ” but is having trouble in relating to their 55 year-old mother “ Dorothea ” ( Annette Benning ) . She 's a chain-smoker who wears their Birkenstocks everywhere except when she 's in their office and lives an interesting existence . It seems they are set on restoring the old house they and Jamie live in with their two tenants . One is “ Abbie ” ( Greta Gerwig ) who is a photographer who is recovering from cervical cancer . The other is “ William ” ( Billy Cruddup ) who is a skilled auto mechanic who is doing most of the renovations of Dorothea 's house .
Feeling they are not up to the task of ensuring that Jamie will become a “ good man ” Dorothea enlists the help of Abbie and Julie in making sure they do . They ask that they share their lives with them since they are able to experience the world outside the home with him , while they feel they are n't allowed to see them in that real world . Abbie is an ardent feminist and they give Jamie books on feminism along with a copy of “ Our Bodies Ourselves . ”
Julie 's mother is a therapist and makes them take part in a teen girl therapy group they lead , which makes Julie believe they are capable of doing therapy on others . They try to take a therapeutic approach as they tell Jamie about their sexual exploits . Jamie is madly in love with Julie but even though they regularly sleep in their bed , they wo n't have sex with him . They claim that friends can not have sex and remain friends .
This is a talented cast and they make the most of exposing the depth of the characters they portray . Over the last quarter-century Annette Bening ( Rules Do n't Apply ) has earned four Academy Award nominations for their acting abilities and this performance is as good as any of those . Greta Gerwig ( Love & Friendship ) , who is a regular in the films of Whit Stillman , also gives an excellent performance . Elle Fanning ( Trumbo ) nails the mixture of a young woman hardened by their experiences but still very vulnerable . As the sole adult male in this house of women , Billy Crudup is a man who attracts women easily but does n't know how to maintain a relationship . That seems strange considering how utterly well-adjusted they are in every other facet of their life . They make the most of their limited time on the screen .
Added to these complex characterizations is an interesting visual presentation . Mike Mills mixes in still photos off the era related to the events unfolding onscreen along with some interesting fast-forward motion shots . The conclusion provides a very satisfying epilog for each of the main characters .
Huawei does n't need MWC 2018 to announce new phones .
Although the company will attend the mobile trade show later this month , it has decided to host its own press event just one month later , on 27 March , in Paris . Huawei has sent invites to the media , asking them to `` see mooore with AI '' . The invite itself shows the Eiffel tower super-imposed with three large `` O '' symbols . These Os are also obviously played up in the company 's spelling of `` mooore '' .
So , what does all this teasing mean ? Huawei clearly has some sort of AI-related announcement , but let 's not forget Huawei 's upcoming flagship range is expected to be updated soon with at least three new devices named Huawei P20 , the Huawei P20 Plus , and the Huawei P20 Pro . And the primary phone , the P20 , is thought to be iPhone X-looking with a triple-lens camera on the rear .
Originally , we assumed Huawei would unveil these phones at MWC 2018 , but now that it has announced an entirely separate event , it 's safe to say the company will wait until March to show us its latest smartphones . We 're also betting that these phones will have AI-enhanced camera features , considering the heavy hinting in Huawei 's event invite .
We 'll know for sure in a couple months .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liz Hurley has astounded their fans once again by sharing a snap of themselves wearing the tiniest bikini possible - and their followers are going weak at the knees .
The 52-year-old actor wore a baby pink string bikini for the stripped down shot , bending over a sun-lounger so their fans could see all their curves in their full glory .
They even posed with a stripey tabby cat - setting up some of the more confident posters to make jokes about their lovely pussy cat .
With many commenters describing the mum of one as `` perfection '' , others could n't help but notice how little Liz had changed since finding fame in the 1990s .
( Image : Internet Unknown )
( Image : Instagram )
`` You must live in a TIME CAPSULE because you have not aged a single day in over 20 years ! '' wrote one next to their bikini-clad picture .
`` You are like a fine wine , '' said another , less flatteringly .
Liz is a prolific poster of bikini selfies , having sent fans ' pulses racing multiple times in the last few weeks as they took advantage of the hot British weather to pose in their latest swimwear conquests .
And just last month they went topless wearing nothing but a pair of white lace knickers while reclining on their bed .
The model and actor has barely aged a day since they shot to fame wearing THAT dress when they dated Hugh Grant back in the nineties .
( Image : REX )
( Image : Rex Features )
Here 's a look back at their most jaw-droppingly youthful moments .
Earlier this month the star literally bent over backwards to show fans their best yoga poses - and incredibly toned physique - as they stripped down to a red bikini in their garden .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Liz , who is a mum to 15-year-old son Damien , wowed their Instagram followers with their bendy display , that many women in their twenties would n't be brave enough to attempt .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Instagram )
Proving the old saying if ai n't broke do n't fix it , Liz then donned the same skimpy swimwear to show off their famous curves on a sun-soaked getaway back in April .
Stunning Liz is never afraid to flash the flesh and with a figure like theirs - who would n't ?
They proved they are serious `` body goals '' again when they squeezed their assets into a plunging purple number for a spot of gardening .
( Image : Rex Features )
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Getty )
The star has notably kept their long brunette locks in much the same style over the years , only adding a few subtle highlights to bring out the warmth in their face .
While Liz 's super smooth , wrinkle free skin is down to an incredibly rigorous skincare routine - and they claim regular exfoliating .
They keep their make-up as natural as possible , adding just a touch of mascara and blusher to make their chiselled cheekbones pop .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Rex Features )
Liz has admitted to being a fake tan fan in the past .
`` There can not be a more tedious task , but nothing makes you look better faster , '' they told the Daily Mail .
They also revealed they avoid fried food and anything fizzy to keep their complexion glowing .
As their social media feed shows , Liz also keeps their figure trim by plenty of toning yoga exercises .
( Image : Rex Features )
( Image : Rex Features )
Knowing what suits their best , Liz has kept much the same style through their long career .
In April when they shared a smouldering bikini throwback picture to their Instagram account , fans said they could barely tell the difference between Liz then and how they look today .
`` You still look just as good ! '' complimented one fan .
`` Had a crush on you my whole life , '' added another .
While a third heralded them as `` By far the most beautiful woman on the planet . ''
BOISE , ID - Ten people have been arrested in the Boise area as result of a joint law enforcement operation targeting child sexual abuse .
Idaho Attorney General Lawrence Wasden 's office issued a news release late Monday . It did not list the names of those arrested -– but stated “ The project was a cooperative effort between federal , state and local agencies . Agencies conducted the operation Friday , Saturday , Sunday and early Monday . It resulted in the arrest of ten people . Suspects were booked into the Ada County Jail . ”
“ Five suspects face prosecution for state charges . The other five have been referred for federal charges . The state prosecutions involve two suspects charged with enticement of a child through use of the internet , two suspects charged with attempted lewd conduct with a minor , and one suspect who was charged with both enticement of a child through the use of the internet and attempted sexual exploitation of a minor . Of those facing federal charges , four were charged with enticement of a minor and one was charged with sex trafficking of a minor , ” the release stated .
The Attorney General 's Internet Crimes Against Children ( ICAC ) Unit partnered with Homeland Security Investigations and the U.S Attorney 's Office for the District of Idaho , who organized and supervised the operation . The collaborative effort was part of the U.S. Department of Justice 's Project Safe Childhood
The Ada County Sheriff 's Office and Ada County Emergency Management provided facilities for the operation . Other participating agencies included Idaho State Police , Ada County Prosecutor 's Office , Boise Police Department , Canyon County Sheriff 's Office , Canyon County Prosecutor 's Office , Garden City Police Department , Nampa Police Department , Federal Bureau of Investigation , Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , U.S . Marshals Service and U.S . Postal Inspection Service .
How The Food Industry Uses Cavitation , The Ocean 's Most Powerful Punch
Enlarge this image toggle caption Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images
Throughout history , being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation , a miniscule underwater implosion , has been bad news . Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it , given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it 's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot .
Now , a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean 's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer .
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses , and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun 's surface . This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence , which physicists still do n't understand . Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion .
Mantis shrimp 's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet . When they hit their prey 's shell , they create a low-pressure area , vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch . Pistol shrimp , the world 's loudest animal , snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles , stunning prey .
We humans are newcomers to cavitation . We never properly observed it until 1895 , on torpedo boat propellers . And , save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes , engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague .
According to Doug Mancosky , chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics , which designs cavitation technology , when 15 years ago they started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products , they thought they were crazy . Now , their company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers .
Their first foray into the food market , in 2013 , was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization . According to Mancosky , their tech , which uses a hole-filled rotor ( picture the inside of a washing machine ) to generate cavitation bubbles , could heat from within the liquid . `` The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it '' so eggs could n't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment . And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation , they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them .
Since then , Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier , aerated yogurt products and milk . More recently , they 've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer , fat-like mouthfeel . They are n't alone in the dairy market , though . Among others , Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years .
However , since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry .
According to one scientist from that research team , Francesco Meneguzzi , they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time , at lower temperatures . It also reduced volatile gases , broke apart gluten , and punctured microbes ' membranes , sterilizing wort , the sugary liquid fermented into beer . They could skip boiling the wort , reducing energy consumption by 40 percent . MIT 's Technology Review hailed the team 's innovation , and since then , cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers .
Hydro Dynamics , for example , found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed , they pushed and pulled wort through hops `` like a plunger , '' Mancosky says , improving flavor extraction . Two years later , they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries , including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus .
`` One application leads to another , '' Mancosky says . Cabarrus , which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee , asked them if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee . `` We said 'Yeah , it should help , the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops . They fired it up , and next thing you know , they 're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent . '' Afterwards , working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale , Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit .
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers , though . As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR , `` cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile . ''
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew , another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics , seconds Ungermann 's sentiments , saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult . Moreover , while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor , `` at some point you hit that saturation point where you 're not going to get any more from this . ''
Nevertheless , cavitation 's alcoholic applications go even further . It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst . Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities .
In the past two years , Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging . And , two companies , Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems , are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits .
Sonn , however , uses ultrasound cavitation , a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones . Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because `` unlike other ways of generating cavitation , nothing is pressurized . '' The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop , if not a winery .
Much like Hydro Dynamics has , Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology . In fact , one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they 're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world 's largest coffee chains .
But the edible applications of cavitation do n't stop there . The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender , catalyzes sought-after reactions , and can `` neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes , '' such as bacteria and waterborne viruses , according to Meneguzzo , `` much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies . ''
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen , the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans ' food and drinks safer and tastier .
Demand for bonds is seen weakening further as advance-tax payments by companies sap liquidity at banks , the biggest holders of government debt . Photo : Mint
Mumbai : India 's battered sovereign-bond market is grappling with two new challenges this week . One is the likelihood of data Tuesday showing a further pickup in inflation , and the other is a potential decline in liquidity .
The pressure from this double whammy is already showing : the yield on notes due May 2027 jumped eight basis points to 7.17 % on Monday , the highest close for a benchmark 10-year security since August 2016 . Consumer prices probably rose 4.28 % in November from a year earlier , according to the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey . That will be the fastest pace since September last year .
“ The markets are on tenterhooks given the expectations of higher CPI , ” said Sandeep Bagla , associate director at Trust Capital Services Pvt . Ltd in Mumbai . “ There 's no visible trigger seen bringing relief . ”
The CPI data will be released at 5:30pm in Mumbai .
Demand for bonds is seen weakening further as advance-tax payments by companies sap liquidity at banks , the biggest holders of government debt . That 's certainly not what the doctor ordered , given that the 10-year yield is rising in December for a fifth straight month . Bloomberg
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England fans held their breaths last night as Gareth Southgate 's squad lined up for the dreaded penalty shoot out .
Things started off well thanks to cracking penalties from Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford , but when Jordan Henderson 's shot was saved by Columbia 's goalkeeper David Ospina the panic really started to set in .
So when Jordan Pickford managed to brilliantly save Carlos Bacca 's attempt , England fans went absolutely crazy - and so did the players on the pitch .
Photos of the moment have been shared everywhere , but there 's one snap of the celebrations which has really caught people 's attention - and it 's all because of sub Eric Dier .
As their teammates cheered and jumped around , you can actually see the moment they realised what they had to do next .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The moment they realised they had the dreams of every single England fan resting on their shoulders .
Understandably , their face is an absolute picture - and fans have been trying to decide if it 's concentration of just sheer panic .
England 's victory in Moscow means England have made it through the the quarter finals .
It was a solid game for the Three Lions thanks to an early goal from Kane , but a last minute goal from Columbia 's Yerry Mina meant it went to extra time .
The final score was England 1-1 Colombia ( 4-3 pens ) .
After the match the England team went back into the arena to celebrate and take selfies with fans .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
England 's next match will be against Sweden on Saturday afternoon .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was forced off with a knee injury in Liverpool 's Champions League clash with Roma .
The 24-year-old was seen writhing around on the pitch in pain a quarter of an hour into the semi-final , after falling awkwardly challenging former Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov for the ball .
The England international was replaced by Georginio Wijnaldum , as they received treatment on the side of the Anfield pitch . Oxlade-Chamberlain was then taken off on a stretcher to a round of applause from everyone inside the packed stadium .
The former Arsenal midfielder has been a stand-out player for the Reds this season , following their £35million summer move .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
They netted the goal of the game in Liverpool 's 3-0 win over Premier League champions Manchester City in the quarter-final .
Jurgen Klopp wo n't be alone in hoping Oxlade-Chamberlain 's injury is n't a serious one , what with the World Cup just around the corner .
Gareth Southgate will consider the 24-year-old to be a key part of their plans in Russia this summer , and will want the midfielder fighting fit for the start of the tournament .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Zayn Malik did n't waste any time before reportedly splashing out on a swanky new bachelor pad in New York following their split from Gigi Hadid .
The former One Direction star , 25 , announced their split from their supermodel girlfriend on March 13 and it 's believed they closed on the chic property on the same day .
According to the New York Post , Zayn 's company Drop Zed Properties LLC initially set the wheels in motion on the property on Valentine 's Day .
The beautiful 3,957-square-foot penthouse , located in New York 's Soho district , boasts four bedrooms and four bathrooms .
The property also features brick ceilings and exposed beams .
Zayn and Gigi announced their split on social media early last week .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Instagram/gigihadid )
The Pillowtalk singer and Gigi , who started dating in November 2015 after meeting at a Victoria 's Secret party , both took to Twitter to share loving statements about each other after the news broke .
Zayn wrote : `` Gigi and I had an incredibly meaningful , loving and fun relationship and I have a huge amount of respect and adoration for Gigi as a woman and a friend .
`` She has such an incredible soul . I 'm grateful to all of our fans for respecting this difficult decision and our privacy at this time , we wish this news could have come from us first . We love you all . ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Twitter )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gigi later followed it up with their own statement , writing : “ I 'm forever grateful for the love , time and life lessons that Z and I shared .
`` I want nothing but the best for them and will continue to support them as a friend that I have immense respect and love for . As for the future , whatever 's meant to be , will always be . ''
Zayn and Gigi are said to have gradually drifted apart due to work pressures , and called it a day on their relationship earlier this month .
Just in case you are n't aware that Tyrese Gibson and Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson are n't each other 's biggest fans , Gibson is here to stick some more petrol in the tank . Working together on Universal 's money machine that is the Fast and Furious franchise , the duo have butted heads on several occasions . However , taking it the next level , Gibson is now blaming The Rock for `` ruining '' the series and their own chances of a spin-off movie .
Everyone knows that # DwayneJohnson and # JasonStatham are tipped for their own # FastandFurious bromance spin-off , which will center on their characters Luke Hobbs and Deckard Shaw as they presumably find themselves in a sticky situation . However , did you know that # TyreseGibson and fellow Fast co-star Ludacris were also once asked to get behind the wheel for their own outing ?
What A Car Crash
Gibson publicly bashed Johnson for their decision to `` split up '' the Fast family in two baffling Instagram posts . Away from public spats , the most interesting part was that Gibson had apparently been offered a spin-off of their own and instead stuck with the family . First appearing in 2 Fast 2 Furious as Roman Pearce and Tej Parker , Gibson and Ludacris then sat out the next few instalments until Fast Five . Upon their return , Johnson was already flexing their muscles as Hobbs , and was arguably playing a much bigger part than Roman and Tej . Now , I 'm not saying that Gibson is coming down with a case of the green-eyed monster , but they clearly are n't enjoying what The Rock is cooking .
Statham seems to have escaped the debacle unscathed , so we do n't really know what Gibson 's beef with The Rock actually is . To be honest , you can see why Universal would push forward with a Hobbs and Shaw spin-off — especially with Johnson being one of the biggest names in Hollywood right now . With a packed slate of movies , and heading up major films like Baywatch and Jumanji , everyone wants a slice of the wrestler-cum-actor , so much so , it is almost easy to forget those Scorpion King days .
The other problem is , Roman and Tej have always been supporting players , while Hobbs and Shaw have had much bigger arcs as villains and then antiheroes . Also , fans are far more likely to part with their cash to see two action stars on their screens than two former rappers . However , if Fast was set on going down the comedy route , I guess a Roman and Tej film could be like a funny Rush Hour-esque buddy comedy , but personally , I think the idea of a Roman and Tej spin-off sounds `` Ludacris . '' For now at least , fans of burning rubber will have to stick with Statham and Johnson knocking the holy hell out of each other .
Relive the magic of The Fate of the Furious and do n't forget our poll below :
The AP
Some big-box retailers in Wisconsin have successfully challenged their tax assessments by claiming they should pay the same rate as a store that 's closed and remains vacant .
Critics say that “ dark store ” legal loophole could cause municipalities to raise residential taxes to make up the difference .
The legal tactic is relatively new and has some cities struggling to keep up , according to Rocco Vita , chairperson of the Wisconsin Association of Assessing Officers ' Legislative Committee .
“ The stores have this very polished and professional legal team that peddles a product — property tax mitigation strategies , ” Vita said . “ All of a sudden , this strategy is gaining power in the Midwest . It has taken people by surprise . ”
The Wisconsin Department of Revenue requires property tax assessors to account for the fair market value of a property . That includes both the value of the building and its location .
Retailers have successfully argued in court that there should be no tax difference between their thriving businesses and the vacant retailers down the block , Vita said .
In one case , Menards argued in a lawsuit filed in July that the value of its store in Fond du Lac assessed by the city at $ 9.2 million should be no more than $ 5.2 million . A similar lawsuit from Target argues that Fond du Lac should reduce its taxes on the retailer by about a third , according to USA Today Network-Wisconsin .
In another case , Oshkosh was ordered to pay Walgreens nearly $ 306,000 in overcharged taxes , plus court fees and interest . Last summer , two similar lawsuits surfaced from Menards and Lowe 's .
Oshkosh City Attorney Lynn Lorenson said municipalities are worried that as retailers win these lawsuits , more stores will follow . The limits of the loophole are unclear , they said .
“ If one type of business or one type of property gets more favorable treatment , then everybody is going to be looking at that , ” Lorenson said . “ They 'll say , ‘ If Walgreens had success , maybe we can use a similar argument . ” ”
The League of Wisconsin Municipalities has helped draft legislation to plug the loophole , according to Curt Witynski , the league 's assistant director . The league hopes lawmakers will introduce in January .
These tech stocks soared in 2017 .
Getty Images
U.S. equities markets have been tepid this year , barely able to dig themselves out of a narrow trading range . After a nice climb in early May , the S & P 500 and the Dow Jones are in free fall once again as geopolitical turmoil in Europe roils the markets .
Not even dividend-paying stocks , which have become popular with investors in recent years , offer much reprieve . Treasury yields have been on a tear in recent months , with even the lower-yielding 2-year Treasury overtaking the S & P 500 average dividend yield for the first time in a decade . The 10-year Treasury currently yields 3.01 % vs. 1.86 % average dividend yield by the S & P 500 .
The 10-year Treasury currently yields 3.01 % vs. 1.86 % average dividend yield by the S & P 500 .
Financial Times
Given such a backdrop , it 's easy for equities investors to start drooling at fixed-income assets such as Treasuries notes and bonds .
That seems like a no-brainer , but that 's only part of the narrative .
Why buying both stocks and bonds makes sense
Investors are often advised to follow the 60/40 rule — i.e . have 60 % of your portfolio in stocks and 40 % in bonds . That 's because stocks offer better opportunities for capital growth while bonds offer a steady source of income and a measure of downside protection against stock market sell-offs .
It 's easy , however , for investors to simply look at yields but ignore bond prices . Rising interest rates have been depressing bond prices . The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( TLT ) , an ETF that tracks long-term Treasury notes , is down nearly 4 % in the year-to-date . Depending on how quickly interest rates climb , an investor could end up losing a large amount of their or their principal when the bonds eventually mature .
Another note of caution , too : Although bonds are flashing considerably higher yields than equities , bond yields are still far lower than their pre-financial levels .
Although bonds are flashing considerably higher yields than equities , bond yields are still far lower than their pre-financial levels .
Bloomberg
The differential between bonds and equities is still quite small compared to historical levels , thus making sense to still own stocks .
In fact , it would be a bad idea for long-term investors , savings minded individuals , pension funds and college endowment funds to completely offload their stocks and buy Treasuries .
There 's a fair chance that bond yields will continue to rise further and/or stocks will fall . It makes sense to trim your exposure to equities when that happens .
Morgan Stanley thinks stocks still have some gas left in the tank and can mount a rally before peaking during the second half of the year with a series or rolling tops ( read : lots of volatility ) expected during the year .
Only 2 % of fund managers expect a recession to kick in the current year , with 84 % predicting a downturn in 2020 .
For very long-term equities investors , the outlook is good . Tom Lee of Fundstrat Advisors expects the bull run to continue for another decade till 2029 .
The long and short of it : It does n't make a lot of sense to sell your stocks and buy bonds right now , though it might in the future .
Avoid junk bonds
For those who need to load up on bonds , not everything goes in this space . It 's better to stick to lower-yielding but safer investment-grade bonds instead of buying junk bonds for their high yields .
In fact , Moody 's recently fired a warning against buying junk bonds saying that the risk of default is too high .
In this market starved of decent yields , investors have understandably been piling in on speculative high-risk bonds . This is a worrying trend given that company debt has also been surging . If you must buy junk bonds , limit your exposure .
Safehaven.com is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary . Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY .
More top reads from Safehaven.com :
Bitcoin Fights Back After Hitting Monthly Low
The Newest Innovation In Electric Vehicles
A New Political Crisis Threatens The Eurozone
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The Maoists ' main recruitment is from Karnataka and Chhattisgarh , but they prefer to stay in Kerala parts of the Western Ghats , according to an intelligence report . Photo : HT
Wayanad ( Kerala ) : The Kerala and Karnataka Police as well as intelligence agencies say there has been a strong Maoist resurgence in the Kerala-Karnataka-Tamil Nadu ( KKT ) region , in what could deal a blow to the Union government 's efforts to contain Left-wing extremism ( LWE ) in the country ,
After a hiatus of nearly 12 years following the 2005 killing of Saketh , a Karnataka state committee member of the Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) , the group has started making a comeback in the KKT tri-junction , according to an intelligence report reviewed by Mint .
“ Currently the Western Ghat zonal committee is run by B.G Krishnamurthy and militarily supported by Vikram Gowda . Their main recruitment is from Karnataka and Chhattisgarh , but they prefer to stay in Kerala parts of Western Ghats . There have been sightings and four groups are operating in the Kerala side of Western Ghats , ” the report said .
“ In September 2017 , five armed Maoist cadres forced their way into a house at Parappanpara in Kerala 's Kozhikode district . Having robbed the owner of basic supplies and food , they warned them against contacting the police , and fled . The next day , the Kerala Police embarked on a massive combing and search operation against the group in the nearby forest areas , only to find that the group had escaped without a trace , ” said a senior Kerala Police official , seeking anonymity .
Though they could not be located , the team of Maoists ( of that particular group ) was led by Soman , who hails from Wayanad and is also a former leader of another Maoist front organization , the official added .
While the Kannadiga cadre of the Maoists has suffered a decline because of the gradual shift to Kerala , senior state police officials said that the southern tip of Karnataka , overlapping with Kerala and Tamil Nadu had become a safe haven for the CPI ( Maoist ) cadres who had begun to retreat from their current strongholds in the Andhra-Odisha border .
“ To strengthen themselves , they are planning to develop morally , militarily and their organization capabilities . They are planning to train uneducated cadres by giving them both tactical and political education , ” the asupervisorstioned report said .
On 21 April 2017 , the Kerala Police conducted another round of combing operations in the Nilambur Forest in Malappuram district after receiving reports of a Maoist group camping inside the forest and intelligence units in the state confirmed “ that the group had planted landmines around their camp near the Mancheeri Tribal Colony , in an apparent bid to prevent police raids . A group of armed cadres had also warned the Mancheeri Colony residents of landmines and had asked them not to enter their camp area . ”
Experts said that state borders were more porous , given lower levels of policing .
“ State borders are less policed and so Naxal movement is easy there . But there needs to be more specific intelligence on their movement and where they will hit next , ” said Gurmeet Kanwal , defence analyst at the Institute of Defence Studies and Analyses in New Delhi .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A dad-of-five may lose their leg after being stung by a Portuguese man o ' war - but is 'lucky to be alive ' after suffering horrific injuries .
John Atkin , from New South Wales in Australia , was left in intense pain as a result of the sting - when the bottom half of their leg turned black and purple .
They were at the beach with their children for an afternoon swim when it happened .
Shocking pictures show the injuries they suffered , which have forced them to undergo five operations .
Despite being treated with antibiotics , the aggressive infection has continued to spread , and they have suffered huge amounts of dead tissue .
( Image : GoFundMe )
( Image : GoFundMe )
( Image : Moment RF )
A fundraising page set up to support their family said Mr Atkin is lucky to be alive .
Amanda Campbell , who set up the page , wrote : `` The seriousness of this infection is life threatening and in the majority of cases can result in amputation .
`` Drs are confident that John will not loose their leg but they are still has a long way to go , with countless operations still to come , rehab , undetermined time still in hospital , skin graphs , medications , and many months off work . ''
They suffered the sting on New Year 's Day , and two weeks later was transferred to a hospital in Sydney so they could receive specialist care .
( Image : GoFundMe )
( Image : GoFundMe )
Ms Campbell said the experience has been 'extremely and emotionally draining ' Mr Atkin 's wife Kylie and their children .
They are suffering from Vibrio Vulnificus infection , a rare but dangerous infection which is caused by marine bacteria .
Mr Atkin has since returned home with their family , but are reliant on donations to fund their treatment while they are out of work .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
In tonight 's Coronation Street , Eva Price starts to feel very guilty about their revenge on Aidan Connor as they continue to coo over the baby scan photo she 's given him .
They tell their sister Leanne Battersby their plan has gone far enough and they intend to call off their revenge .
Later , Eva tells Adam Barlow that their plan to ruin Aidan is off , and seeing their genuine distress , they do n't argue and hands over the factory 's computer hard drive for them to replace .
But as Eva returns the hard drive to the office , she 's forced to hide when Johnny and Aidan return .
Jenny is outraged when Eva then proclaims that , due to their pregnancy , they want to get married ASAP and fancies a double wedding with them and Johnny .
At first Jenny refuses , but when Eva forces Aidan to tackle their dad about sharing their wedding day , will Jenny be forced to back down ?
Meanwhile , Adam 's heart goes out to vulnerable Eva , who suggests they pretend their mum Stella is having a crisis so they can escape to France for a few weeks . Eva thanks Adam for all their support .
Buoyed by their words , Adam acts on their feelings and leans in for a kiss .
Will Eva respond ?
Elsewhere , Gemma is shocked that Chesney Brown has quit their job , but when they try to change their mind , Chesney bites their head off .
Cathy visits Chesney where they explain that she 's arranged for them to meet Dev at the Bistro so they can apologise , but he 's too nervous to leave home .
And when Cathy calls on Chesney to find out why they did n't turn up to meet Dev , they snap at them to stop interfering .
Meanwhile , already hacked off with Chesney , Gemma gets more upset when Jenny makes a joke at their expense . So when two of Gemma 's old mates , Zoe and Roxy , call at Prima Doner she 's keen to impress .
Shutting up shop , Gemma invites them to Rita 's flat where they raid the drinks cupboard .
But when Rita hears the sound of loud music upstairs , they burst in and orders Zoe and Roxy out of them flat .
Calling Gemma a saddo , they leave , and Gemma is hurt while Rita is furious , especially when a tearful Gemma berates them for scaring off their only mates .
When Gemma discovers that Rita has suggested to Jenny that they ask Gemma be one of their bridesmaids , their earlier row is quickly forgotten .
However , as they head home , neither notice that Rita has failed to lock the shop . Watching from nearby , Zoe and Roxy ca n't believe their luck and sneak inside .
Also in tonight 's Corrie , when Sally finds a pile of final demands in their sister Gina 's handbag , they query whether their bipolar is behind their spending sprees .
Gina is dismissive , but when Sally mentions Rita once helped them out of debt , Gina 's ears prick up .
Finally , Mary speaks to Jude via video call , but when Aadi and Asha let slip about the wedding , they are forced to admit she 's marrying Norris .
Mary then tells Norris that Jude knows about their wedding and they hate the idea of lying to him .
Norris urges Mary to come clean , but he 's aghast when Mary reveals that Jude is flying their family over for their wedding so they will have to pretend it 's genuine .
* Coronation Street continues on ITV1 tonight at 7.30pm and 8.30pm
The youngest daughter of the Duke and Duchess of York is set to marry their long-term boyfriend this autumn
Princess Eugenie will marry their long-term boyfriend Jack Brooksbank this autumn - making it the second royal wedding of the year after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's on May 19 .
The Princess of York looked stunning in a floral Erdem dress for their official engagement photos and is regularly seen wearing bold , bright prints in public .
The 27-year-old bride-to-be has really started to hone their style in recent years and knows that a fit-and-flare frock flatters them figure .
We ca n't wait to see which designer Eugenie chooses to create their wedding dress but in the meantime , here are some of their best looks .
Republican Rep. Jim Banks On Controversial Memo NPR 's Scott Simon talks with Rep. Jim Banks , Republican of Indiana , about why they supported the release of a controversial memo written by GOP staff members of the House Intelligence Committee .
WINTERTHUR , Switzerland — October 6 , 2017 — Rieter intends to create a modern location in Winterthur , concentrating the customer center , product and technology development , assembly and administration on an area of approximately 30 000 square meters .
The official start-up for this project is planned for mid-November 2017 . The study assignment has been awarded to the renowned consultancy firms RLC Architekten AG , BDE Architekten GmbH , Giuliani Hönger AG , fsp Architekten AG , and Stücheli Architekten AG from the Canton of Zurich , including two from the city of Winterthur .
The consultancy firms have time until the end of March 2018 to submit their projects . These will then be evaluated by a panel of judges , made up of nine technical specialists and professional experts . The final decision on the realization of the project will be taken by the Rieter Board of Directors during 2018 .
Parts of the Rieter site are located in an archaeological zone . Rieter wants to give the authorities sufficient time to carry out the necessary archaeological surveys and any possible rescue excavations . The early demolition of the building “ Werkhalle 40 ” , Klosterstrasse 18 , in the area of the former Töss Monastery , is necessary for this purpose . The demolition is expected to take place in 2018 .
Posted October 6 , 2016
Source : Rieter
Driver risks life swerving around barriers at level crossing
Video will play in
Paula prepares to visit Charles Bronson in jail w
New Ways to Watch Facebook Video
How to make the perfect crumpets
Is Justin Trudeau the sexiest Prime Minster in po
The World of Pokémon GO has Expanded With the lat
Driver dies after train ploughs into Land Rover o
Watch this video again
Reporter at sad scene where man and dog killed wh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An driver has been filmed darting across train tracks as safety barriers lower before a train arrives .
The incident occurred at a level crossing in Langley Green in Oldbury , Birmingham .
The CCTV footage shows the boom gates lowering before the train arrive .
But the car approaches the crossing and wants to go through .
The car swerves on to the wrong side of the ride to avoid the first barrier .
( Photo : BiminghamNewStreet/Twitter )
The driver then swerves back to the left lane to just sneak under the lowering barrier on the other side of the tracks .
Birmingham New Street station released the video on Twitter .
`` Shocking video shows motorist swerving around safety barriers at Langley Green level crossing near Oldbury , '' the station said .
( Photo : BiminghamNewStreet/Twitter )
One viewer responded : `` That should always lead to auto 5 year ban and retest .
`` And of course a crushed car .
`` No excuse for this . ''
TORONTO — The Toronto Maple Leafs ' season has come down to one game , and head coach Mike Babcock says they should embrace it .
The Leafs defeated the Boston Bruins 3-1 on Monday night to tie their best-of-seven opening round series at three games apiece .
The deciding game will be played Wednesday in Boston .
There 's obvious pressure involved in a deciding game , but Babcock feels it 's chance for a team to prove it 's capable of winning big contests .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Drivers selling motors on websites like WeBuyAnyCar can lose almost £1,000 on the car 's value , according to a study .
And it revealed owners of swanky models can miss out on more than £1,000 in a quick sale .
Research for car sellers ' bible Auto Trader found a BMW was down by an average of £1,282 compared with the publication 's valuation .
And it reckoned Audi owners were left £1,142 short while Mercedes drivers let their cars go for £1,044 less than the mag 's price .
The Auto Trader survey found cars with 2014-17 number plates made more by being sold privately as owners lost an average of £1,548 by using car selling websites .
According to the research carried out by consumer insights agency Join the Dots , cars from the lower end of the market for £1,000 or less only made 27 % of the Auto Trader valuation .
Chris Haydon , senior research director at Join the Dots , said , “ For more than 300 cars , WeBuyAnyCar offered a lower valuation than Auto Trader in 98 % of cases – and although the average loss sits at £958– this study reveals the trends with brands , car types and ages that could strip consumers of significant profits if they do n't understand the true market value of their car . ”
Ironically , WeBuyAnyCar has recently launched an ad campaign centred on time poor drivers prepared to miss out on a higher price in exchange for a quick and hassle free sale .
But the website slammed the research as “ misleading ” and said : “ Private listing prices are indeed aspirational , whereas ours are a genuine offer to buy , making the two incomparable . ”
In a statement it added : “ WeBuyAnyCar provides a convenience service which allows motorists to sell their car often within a matter of hours , free-from the hassles and risks associated with a private sale . Many alternative options also charge a fee upfront for a service that can not guarantee a sale .
“ We actually recommend consumers seeking the very highest price to sell privately , if they do n't mind dealing with strangers on the doorstep and handling the test drive .
“ We remain the number one choice for over a million customers , who want to sell their car promptly , securely and safely with guaranteed payment and would rather avoid time-wasters , tyre-kickers and the personal risks associated with selling privately . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
So it 's finally here . Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have agreed on a date and are set to face off in a ring on August 26 .
The Las Vegas super-fight , which was confirmed on Wednesday night following weeks of negotiations , will be contested over 12 rounds and could generate upwards of £500million .
The fight is the first of its kind .
It will be the first time Mayweather , the greatest boxer of their generation with a perfect record from 49 bouts , will step into a ring in two years .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It will also be the first time Dublin-born McGregor , the current UFC lightweight titleholder , will box professionally .
Unsurprisingly the fight has split opinion among fans . On one hand purists see the event devaluing the sport of boxing , while others find the whole idea fascinating .
The money involved is undoubtedly a huge draw for the athletes .
( Photo : Getty Images )
UFC president Dana White has claimed McGregor , the man who revolutionised the sport of MMA , will pocket $ 100million ( £78.5m ) from the fight .
Mayweather on the other hand is likely to take home significantly more from the fight , which will be contested at light-middleweight - a figure north of £100million .
Taking to Twitter in their droves on Thursday morning , fight fans have all had something to say about the confirmed event .
( Photo : PA )
And interestingly , many have a similar view on things .
Most think the idea is a bit ridiculous ... but that aside , are still prepared to pay to watch the fight . Well , you ca n't miss it , can you ?
THE COMEDY SPECIAL `` Kevin James : Never Do n't Give Up '' WHEN|WHERE Starts streaming Tuesday on Netflix
WHAT IT 'S ABOUT Preoccupied with their sitcom , “ Kevin Can Wait ” and fatherhood , James has largely drifted away from standup in recent years . This special , `` Never Do n't Give Up '' ( the title is based on a tattoo -- not theirs -- which he 'll explain ) -- was taped recently at the Beacon Theatre , and is billed as their return to the stage . Expect a lot of the familiar here , as if James had been gone only a week .
MY SAY James is the comic laureate of middle-class-suburban-summer-barbecue-mall-rat-white-people-worries . Admittedly this does n't rank them high up there with the greatest standups of all time , or the most innovative , but he 's still pretty good at it and should be : He 's only been doing this act for 30 years .
On their Netflix special , released Tuesday , they cover the usual territory , with its byways and detours and side trips each deeply and immediately familiar to fans . For this most Long Island of comics , there is in fact only one actual reference to Long Island – to Yaphank – and it 's an amusing one .
They say anything and you can instantly picture it or , more accurately , taste it . Food gets a big workout and always does with James , whose body becomes the punchline ( and always does ) . Like the rest of us , he 's obsessed with food , with virtually every other joke riffed off the following -- Rice Krispies , shrimp , chocolate , chocolate brownies , avocadoes , double chocolate ice cream ...
A few of their jokes -- the most instantly disposable ones -- have to do with vomit . You can see why .
Then , there are the kids . James reminds the audience that they have four of them . Like kids everywhere , they are found comedy , while some of their best material in this show has to do with putting them to sleep . Every standup with kids who ever lived has some joke about putting them to sleep , but at least James conveys the sense that they have actually attempted the monumental feat .
This show comes in at just over an hour , and you probably would n't want it a second longer . It moves fast , with the average joke coming in at about 35 seconds . There 's an industrial precision to it , and the lifting is never ( ever ) heavy . In rough order , they cover fan photos , food allergies , waiters , Benihana , ice cream samplers , an off-duty cop who gave them a cigar , Nick Nolte , hotel room numbering , a naked guy in a hotel room , the five things you 'd never see them do naked , elevators , escalators , airport people movers and Cinnabons .
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Watching this you may also get the sense that this is the James CBS hoped it would get when it ordered “ Kevin Can Wait. ” But after two lackluster seasons , CBS might have even settled for the Kevin James of “ Paul Blart , Mall Cop ” by this point . “ Kevin ” now sits precariously on the bubble . Maybe there will be a third , maybe not , but if James had mounted a sitcom with just half the energy of “ Never Do n't Give Up , ” a third would n't even be a question .
BOTTOM LINE Amusing , fast , inoffensive – for the most part .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Army trucks have rolled into Salisbury to begin decontamination work on 'toxic hot spots ' where former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were poisoned .
Nearly two months after they were targeted , soldiers are focusing on nine locations believed to be affected by the novichok nerve agent used in the March 4 attack .
Two large metal containers and a military JCB vehicle were unloaded at the scene near the Maltings shopping centre in Salisbury town centre .
Both Sergei , 66 , and Yulia , 33 , were found slumped on a bench near a small grassy area following the nerve agent attack .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The operation will be overseen by the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) , reports Sky News .
Speaking at a public meeting last week , Defra 's chief scientific adviser Ian Boyd said it was likely `` very specific locations '' could be contaminated to toxic levels .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
They said : `` We have to make an assumption that in certain circumstances there will be relatively high concentrations , probably in very , very specific locations , which could be at levels that could be toxic to individuals .
`` That 's an assumption , it 's also one we 've tested in some circumstances and we do know that there are hot spots like that around , so we have to make those assumptions that some of the hot spots we 've still got to find .
`` But those hot spots will still be in the locations we are talking about .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : SKY TV )
( Image : PA )
`` In these locations , there may well be higher concentrations that we still have to find , but we already know there are some high concentrations within those locations . ''
More robust hoardings will replace police cordons around the Maltings area in the city centre , the meeting heard .
The nearby Zizzi restaurant and Mill pub cordons will also be replaced .
The Bourne Hill building , which houses Salisbury 's police station and Wiltshire Council 's offices , will close on Friday for up to eight weeks .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Reuters )
Decontamination work will focus on the evidence room and two lockers inside the station , which were sealed off after the attack .
Other areas earmarked for chemical cleaning include two ambulance stations , a car compound and the home of poisoned police officer Nick Bailey .
Mr Skripal 's home will be the last area to be decontaminated - it is still under police investigation .
Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills from Wiltshire Police said it would be `` business as usual '' as operations move to other sites in and around the city .
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
Horwath bristled at the suggestion their party , which polls indicate could win the June 7 election , is biased against the police .
`` In fact , I 've spent a great deal of time over these last number of years meeting not only with the chiefs of police as a group , but also with the police associations , '' they said , acknowledging they were shocked by Andrew 's post .
`` It 's the kind of statement that takes one aback . My understanding is it 's language that within the Black community is utilized to show displeasure when there are Black leaders who are not felt to be doing enough to address Black community issues , '' the NDP leader said .
`` As somebody who is not from the Black community when I saw that post that was made public by the Conservatives it was surprising . It 's not something that I would ever say , but we do know that there are lots of situations where Black activists are trying to make some change and put some pressure on large institutions to help change the culture . ''
Horwath 's comments came at the Windsor home of seniors Debby and S.P . Aujlay , who pay $ 500 a month for dental benefits because they do not have coverage .
The New Democrat leader was touting their party 's platform pledge to deliver dental coverage to the one-third of Ontarians who do not enjoy such benefits from their employer .
`` It 's getting hard to come up with $ 500 a month , '' said S.P . Aujlay , 66 , a retired trucker and tool and diemaker .
Debby Aujlay , a retired hospital library technician , said for seniors on a fixed income , expensive dental procedures like root canal or bridgework can be prohibitive .
`` And you ca n't just let it go , '' they said .
Later , in Leamington , Horwath promised that an NDP government would twin Hwy . 3 , a key artery for Southwestern Ontario 's thriving agri-food business . The two-lane highway has been the scene of many serious accidents over the years .
They also blitzed Tory-held ridings in Sarnia and Kitchener as the campaign hits the home stretch .
With files from Kris Rushowy and Rob Ferguson
Unlike similar cleanups along 500 West between 200 South and 400 South before Operation Rio Grande , when the county could clean up camps with front-end loaders and dump trucks , the work along the Jordan must be done by hand because it is a wetland and also because the underbrush is so thick , Martinez said .
Miles Bridges , meanwhile , went from being hailed for staying in school instead of making millions in the NBA to being ruled ineligible briefly before the final regular season game . The school found out their family had a meal with an agent last winter without their knowledge , committing an NCAA violation . Bridges was reinstated and bounced back to play well at times , but the pressure of performing and the off-the-court issues may have had something to do with them missing 14 of 18 shots against the Orange .
`` Everything that was thrown at us , we still had fun , '' Bridges said after what was likely their last college game . `` And , I love every guy that 's on my team . That 's why I 'm so hurt right now . ''
Freshman Jaren Jackson is projected to be a high pick — even before Bridges — if they choose to leave college as expected .
The Spartans may have three juniors to depend on next season led by point guard Cassius Winston , shooting guard Joshua Langford and forward Nick Ward along with seniors Matt McQuaid and Kenny Goins . Xavier Tillman worked their way into the lineup as a first-year student and next year 's class will have plenty of opportunities to play .
Michigan State signed five standouts in November : Six-foot point guard Foster Loyer , Michigan 's Mr. Basketball ; 6-10 forward Marcus Bingham Jr. , 6-7 forward Gabe Brown and 6-8 forward Thomas Kithier .
Izzo insisted they will be back for a 24th season as coach to help the school and community bounce back even though they could probably land an NBA job if they wanted one after turning down at least a couple offers to jump to the league in the past .
`` I took too many bullets this year not to be here , '' they said . `` So , I 'll be here and we 'll be back knocking to win a championship . ''
By this time next year , though , Michigan State may not be in the clear and the lingering effects could continue to carry over onto the basketball program . Between Michigan State 's NCAA Tournament games , Engler was talking to reporters about their desire to reach a financial settlement with Nassars ' victims , adding the passage of sweeping child abuse legislation in the state is interfering with the process . State Attorney General Bill Schuette is reviewing how Michigan State handled the allegations against Nassar and the candidate for governor said the investigation would put a bright light on every corner of the university .
Even though their title is basketball coach , Izzo is a leader on campus and vows to stay to help it heal .
`` If somebody would give me a chance to bring Michigan State back , I ca n't think of anything I would rather do , '' Izzo said . `` I think its been punched and kicked . Some of it for mistakes , rightfully so . Some of them , not rightfully so . I 'm going to be hopefully part of the solution , not part of the problem . ''
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/larrylage
By Larry Lage , The Associated Press
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Two Presidential houses collided today when US leader Donald Trump and their First Lady met their French counterparts .
The President welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte to the White House .
Their meeting in Washington was watched by the world , including body language expert Judi James .
Here 's what they had to say about the hand shakes , kisses and embraces ...
When Trump and Macron first met there was a classic body language struggle that ended with Macron winning the power-shake and stare-off against the larger , older alpha male .
( Image : Getty Images North America )
( Image : Getty Images North America )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Getty Images North America )
Since then Macron has displayed several ingratiation techniques , leading to an odd 'father and son ' vibe between the two men .
The closeness might not be shared by the two wives , although Trump seems especially keen here to define a very strong entente cordial with Brigitte .
Pic 1 . This is Trump in full quasi-paternal mode using their physical bulk and size to overwhelm Macron , hunching over them with their arm around the French leader . Trump 's eye gaze misses Macron though who seems to be still intent on stealing power-points here , gazing affectionately while power-patting the older man .
( Image : Getty Images North America )
2 . This man-hug and kiss involves an awkward horizontal embrace from Trump plus an unsettling blend of intense frowning and over-puckered lips .
( Image : REUTERS )
3 . While all four characters stand to attention on their chalk marks , Trump and Macron use intense postural mirroring on one side while Melania hides their face beneath a huge brimmed hat on the other .
( Image : REUTERS )
4 . This is a very affectionately paternal-looking cheek kiss from Trump with their narrowed eyes and over-pucker suggesting he 's lost in the moment and the splayed hand on Macron 's back implying closeness .
( Image : Barcroft Media )
5 . It 's shades of the Lion King in this moment as Trump and Macron seem to display their father/son vibe with this odd hand hold . Trump stands solid here but with their right arm bent to hold Macrons hand . The French leader still aims for controlling role though by placing their hand on top in the clasp and seeming to want to lead Trump away .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
6 . Melania seems to remain in control in this potential embrace and kiss ritual , holding Macrons hand low to create space and doing the old Ab-fab trick of raising and stretching your head to performance air-kiss . Trump has employed a firm-looking double hand grip on Brigitte though as they plant their cheek-kiss .
( Image : Barcroft Media )
7 . Macron stands in gooseberry mode here as the Trumps and Brigitte enjoy a communal hug . Macrons fig-leaf hand barrier suggests they might be feeling left out here .
( Image : AFP )
8 . ( balcony shots ) This celebratory act of holding hands and raises them seems to define both what looks like a dynasty plus intense levels of unity an rapport . The men are tactile ( although Macrondoes seem to be raising their fingers in an odd 'Bulls horns'shape ; the women wear co-ordinating colours and the overall power 'family ' imagery might rival anything we 've seen on the balcony at Buckingham Palace .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Getty Images North America )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Macron 's visit is the first time Trump has hosted a state visit since they took power in January last year .
While the French leader has tried to develop a close relationship with Trump since they took office last May , they have so far seen few tangible results on issues from Iran to climate politics .
Walking down the aisle just got a whole lot more comfortable thanks to Kate Spade and Keds .
Bringing a whole new meaning to a bride 's “ something new , ” the brands teamed up to create a collection of bridal sneakers , and dropped the cute kicks in late January .
The wedding collection has a little bit of everything for brides who want to step away from the traditional heel for their nuptials . From gold and cream glitter sneakers laced up with satin ribbons to metallic kicks and pearl and floral embellished loafers , there 's a design to suit every taste , even if the bridesmaids want a pair of their own .
The wedding collection , which retails from $ 40 to $ 120 , also includes glittery kids sneakers as well , for the flower girl and ring bearer who might also want to make sparkly statements . Shop them on keds.com and katespade.com now .
While wearing a heel down the aisle is often the go-to move , dancing the night away in shoes you can take along for the honeymoon , does n't sound like a bad idea to us .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has hailed Eric Bailly as Manchester United 's `` best '' defender because they bring one very important attribute to the back four .
The Red Devils boss was talking about the £30million centre-back - in the above video - ahead of United 's trip to London Stadium to take on West Ham .
They admitted that they are frustrated at losing the Ivory Coast international - who will not feature against the Hammers - to the Africa Cup of Nations .
And stated that their speed in one-on-one situations sees them stand out over their teammates as a top performer for the Red Devils .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
In the above clip , Mourinho says : `` I know that I lose Bailly for a month , and I 'm going to have [ Chris ] Smalling , [ Marcos ] Rojo and [ Phil ] Jones - three players for eight matches .
`` So I decided to play Eric and it was good in the end , it was good to have Eric on the pitch because they are the fastest one .
`` And to play one against one in the back , they are the best , because they are very fast . ''
( Photo : Man Utd via Getty Images )
( Photo : Manchester United/Getty Images )
United had hoped the Ivory Coast international - only recently back from a knee injury - would be available for the trip to West Ham , with the club optimistic of delaying their departure by 24 hours .
However , Les Elephants boss Michael Dussuyer insisted that the 22-year-old join up with their country at the earliest available opportunity - the FIFA-mandated date of January 2 .
EU-U.S. Officials Work To Avoid Trade War And Resolve Other Issues Noel King talks to Norbert Rottgen , chairperson of Germany 's parliamentary foreign affairs committee , about European Union-U.S. trade , EU concerns over digital privacy and the Iran nuclear deal .
EU-U.S. Officials Work To Avoid Trade War And Resolve Other Issues EU-U.S. Officials Work To Avoid Trade War And Resolve Other Issues EU-U.S. Officials Work To Avoid Trade War And Resolve Other Issues Audio will be available later today . Noel King talks to Norbert Rottgen , chairperson of Germany 's parliamentary foreign affairs committee , about European Union-U.S. trade , EU concerns over digital privacy and the Iran nuclear deal . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY , MO- Police are warning drivers in St. Louis County of an aggressive driver pointing an assault rifle at others when they pass .
According to Shrewsbury Police , multiple incidents were reported involving the same car in other neighboring jurisdictions within a four-hour timeframe on Sunday .
Shrewsbury Police said a woman was driving near Laclede Station Road at Murdoch Avenue when a driver began tailgating them around 4:50 p.m. Police say the man sped around their car waving what they believed to be an AR-15 rifle in the air through the sunroof .
St. Louis County Police said they took a similar report just 15 minutes before at 4:35p.m . A 36-year-old woman was driving down Baptist Church Road near Kingsmere Drive when a man driving behind them quickly switched lanes , driving into oncoming traffic alongside them
“ At that point in time , they honk their horn to get their attention , hopefully , to let them know that their driving is n't acceptable , and they flare of the weapon at her , ” said St. Louis County Police Officer Benjamin Granda .
Officer Granda said the man pointed the gun and started yelling at the woman so they slowed down and drove themselves to a safe busy parking lot to call 911 . Granda said they did exactly the right thing .
“ If this happens to you , just get yourself to a place of safety . They responded to a local business with a heavy populated parking and called 911 , ” they said .
The suspect car is described as either a blue Oldsmobile or possible Hyundai sedan with heavily tinted windows and temporary license tags .
Police are asking anyone with information about these incidents or if anyone sees a vehicle that matches the description to give them a call .
Get Out ! June 4 – June 10
Monday , June 4th
THE EARL : Chrome ; Sash the Bash ; Caesium Mine
EDDIE 'S ATTIC : John Pizzarelli Duo
FAT MATT 'S : The Pork Bellys
INFINITE ENERGY ARENA ( Duluth ) : Shania Twain ; Bastian Baker
THE LOFT : Pond ; Fascinator
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : Lola 's Jam Session
RED LIGHT CAFÉ : Foster & Friends
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : J.A . Etchison ; Emilye ; Two by Two Celtic ( downstairs )
STAR BAR : Rotknee 's Monday Night Comedy
TIN ROOF CANTINA : Acoustic Showdown
Tuesday , June 5th
CITY WINERY : Joan Armatrading
DARWIN 'S : Ol ' GoForth
THE EARL : Jesse Marchant ; Oryx and Crake
EDDIE 'S ATTIC : David Ramirez
FAT MATT 'S : Gray & the Bad Boys
THE FOUNDRY ( Athens ) : The High Divers
JAVA MONKEY : David Cohen
RED CLAY MUSIC FOUNDRY ( Duluth ) : The High Divers
MASQUERADE : Self Defense Family ; Sannhet ; Bad Moods ( Purgatory )
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : Swami Gone Bananas
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : Rotey ; Lukas Connor ( upstairs ) ; The Twotakes ; The Mobros ; Identikit ( downstairs )
STAR BAR : DJ MP3PO ; DJ Quasi Mandisco
VERIZON AMPHITHEATRE : Poison ; Cheap Trick
Wednesday , June 6th
AISLE 5 : Sunflower Bean ; The Nude Party
CHASTAIN PARK AMPHITHEATRE : John Fogerty ; ZZ Top
CITY WINERY : Joan Armatrading
DARWIN 'S : Pro Jam
EDDIE 'S ATTIC : Will Turpin
FAT MATT 'S : Beverly “ Guitar ” Watkins
THE FOUNDRY ( Athens ) : Eddie Ray Arnold ; MacKenzie Carpenter
MASQUERADE : Earthless ; Here Lies Man ( Hell )
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : Danny “ Mudcat ” Dudeck
RED LIGHT CAFÉ : Gordon Vernick Quartet
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : Balkun Brothers ; Jive Revival ( upstairs )
STAR BAR : Wet Jeans ; The Instructors ; Sound Medicine
TIN ROOF CANTINA : Mike Veal Band
VINYL : The Brevet ; The Tin Man
Thursday , June 7th
529 : Mary Ocher
CENTER STAGE THEATER : Stryper ; Hope 's Anchor
CITY WINERY : Joan Armatrading
COTTON CLUB : Family and Friends
DARWIN 'S : Cody Matlock Band
THE EARL : Rob Agocs ; Moody Hollow ; Milkysway
EDDIE 'S ATTIC : Jill Sobule ; Carolina Story
FAT MATT 'S : Chickenshack
THE FOUNDRY ( Athens ) : Kinki Waikiki
MASQUERADE : Zao ; Holy + Gold ; Revenge Season ( Hell )
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : The Breeze Kings
RED CLAY MUSIC FOUNDRY ( Duluth ) : Tony Furtado ; Jesse Daniel Edwards
RED LIGHT CAFÉ : The Curls ; Traveling Alone ; The Dround Hounds
THE ROOKERY ( Macon ) : Caleb Caudle
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : Donna Hopkins Band ; Antelope ; Fux ( upstairs ) ; Javon Womack ; Legend ; Alex Bond ( downstairs )
SOLIS TWO PORSCHE DRIVE : John Moye
STAR BAR : Twisty Cats ; Bero Bero ; Naan Violence ; DJ Poppin Pietro
TERMINAL WEST : The New Mastersounds
VENKMAN 'S : Yacht Rock Revue
VINYL : The Hunts
Friday , June 8th
AISLE 5 : Bruno Major
BILLY 'S CLUBHOUSE ( Macon ) : Some Kids
BUZZY 'S GRILLE ( Kennesaw ) : Garrett Wheeler
CHASTAIN PARK AMPHITHEATRE : Robert Plant & the Sensational Shape-Shifters ; Elle King
CITY WINERY : Karla Bonoff
CRIMSON MOON CAFÉ ( Dahlonega ) : Robby Hecht ; Caroline Spence
DARWIN 'S : Mudbone Turner Band
DRUNKEN UNICORN : Inter Arma ; Earthling ; Bruce Lamont ; Death of Kings
THE EARL : Martin Bisi ; Xambuca
FAT MATT 'S : The Rockoholics
FLICKER ( Athens ) : Ken Will Morton ; Abe Partridge ; The Welfare Liners
THE FOUNDRY ( Athens ) : The Highballs
THE HIGHLANDER : Rotten Stitches ; Freakshow Sinema ; Die 985 ; The Inhalants
HUMMINGBIRD STAGE & TAPROOM ( Macon ) : Machine Kid
MASQUERADE : Night Riots ; Courtship ; Silent Rival ( Hell )
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : Roy Lee Johnson
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : Dead Affect ( upstairs ) ; 770 ; Daniel Novello ; KC ( downstairs )
SOLIS TWO PORSCHE DRIVE : Gordon Vernick Duo
SYMPHONY HALL : Joe Biden
TIJUANA GARAGE : Austin Walls
TIN ROOF CANTINA : Rhythmic Remedy ; Sound Machine ; Rhythm Earth
VARIETY PLAYHOUSE : Royal Blood ; Turbowolf
VENKMAN 'S : Yacht Rock Revue
VINYL : Victory
TERMINAL WEST : Jungle ; Triathalon
Saturday , June 9th
BIG TEX : Kitty Rose & the Rattlers
BILLY 'S CLUBHOUSE ( Macon ) : Swain and the Highway Souls
BUZZY 'S GRILLE ( Kennesaw ) : 45 and a Fifth
CHASTAIN PARK AMPHITHEATRE : Harry Connick Jr .
CITY WINERY : Heather McDonald
CRIMSON MOON CAFÉ ( Dahlonega ) : Circus No . 9
DARWIN 'S : Colin Alvarez Band
THE EARL : WAND ; Itasca ; Shade
EDDIE 'S ATTIC : Paper Lights ; Amena Brown
FAT MATT 'S : Juke Joint Dukes
GUSTON 'S ( Kennesaw ) : Simply Southern
HUMMINGBIRD STAGE & TAPROOM ( Macon ) : Gary Lazer Eyes ; Rare Creatures
MASQUERADE : Lost at Last ; I 'll Be an Empire ; The Konvalescent ; Deadblo ; Void Eater ; Backside ; December Eleventh ; Dead Morale ; Six ; CrookedYoung ( Heaven )
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : The Breeze Kings ; Sammy Blue
OAKLAND CEMETERY : Drivin ' n ' Cryin ' ; AJ Ghent ; Heather Gillis Band ; Caleb Caudle ; The Bitteroots ; Mermaid Motor Lodge ; Book Club ; Ansley Stewart ; Michael Zaib ; Wesley Cook ; Avery Gipson ; Greg Fortune ( 12pm )
RED CLAY MUSIC FOUNDRY ( Duluth ) : Edie Carey ; Rose Cousins
RED LIGHT CAFÉ : Mark Michelson & Friends
RIDGE FERRY PARK ( Rome ) : Kane Brown ; Riley Green
ROSWELL CULTURAL ARTS CENTER : Davina & the Vagabonds
ROXY : Dua Lipa
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : Projects to Mansions ; DJ V-Train ; Kade McCalli ; Auntie Venim ; Raptus ; Tiger ( upstairs ) ; Citizen Gold ; Cody Matlock ; Stoni Taylor ; Kacye Haynes ; Molly Jones & the Dinner Club ( downstairs )
SOLIS TWO PORSCHE DRIVE : Matthew Lyons
STAR BAR : Seagulls ; Joy Kills ; Burrito Banditos ; Shehehe ; Ganges Phalanges ; Hermits of Suburbia ; El Chupaskabra
TIJUANA GARAGE : One Headlight
TIN ROOF CANTINA : The Original Complex
VARIETY PLAYHOUSE : The Polish Ambassador ; Wildlight ft. Ayla Nereo & Ryan Herr
VENKMAN 'S : Yacht Rock Revue ; Matt Wachope & Terrence Prather
VINYL : Universal Sigh ; Little Bird ; Jack 's River Band
WILD ADVENTURES ( Valdosta ) : Jeff Foxworthy
Sunday , June 10th
BUZZY 'S GRILLE ( Kennesaw ) : Six Strings South
CITY WINERY : Heather McDonald
CRIMSON MOON CAFÉ ( Dahlonega ) : Abe Partridge ; Grant Peeples
DARWIN 'S : Sandy Springs Music Youth Rock Showcase ( 4:30pm )
THE EARL : GOYA ; John Denver Death Plane ; Gnomonaut ; Big Mountain
EDDIE 'S ATTIC : Chatham County Line ; Robby Hecht ; Caroline Spence
FAT MATT 'S : 10,000 Pontiacs
JOHNNY 'S HIDEAWAY : Mike Veal Band
MASQUERADE : The Regrettes ; Destroy Boys ( Purgatory )
NORTHSIDE TAVERN : Uncle Sugar
THE ROOKERY ( Macon ) : Jay Gonzalez
SMITH 'S OLDE BAR : Aspen Countrymen ; The Bundys ; The Bluebird Two ( downstairs )
TIN ROOF CANTINA : Risky Biscuit
VENKMAN 'S : Yacht Rock Revue
VINYL : Forever in Your Mind ; Dana Vaughns
TABERNACLE : Belle and Sebastian
TERMINAL WEST : Brick + Mortar ; The Unlikely Candidates
0
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
Cryptocurrency world space is getting boom almost an exponential rate . As a result , a large number of people are ready to launch cryptocurrency exchange website for flexibly buy and sell cryptocurrencies which encourage traders , investors to do their exchange with the help of cryptocurrency exchange script . Analyzing the core demand , coinjoker is the exchange solution giving services for 2 years .
Recently , the company created an exchange script for any type of cryptocurrency with advanced modules . These modules can be explained further below .
1 . Cryptocurrency Exchange Script :
The PHP script offers complete exchange and trading solution which makes many business starters and freelancers to launch their cryptocurrency exchange website with the cost-effective budget .
2 . Token creation and exchanging :
Every business person now starts their own cryptocurrency exchange platform with the digital token or cryptocurrency token creation exchanging and trading . The cryptocurrency exchange script provides the solution for traders and exchanging to create own token and exchange on their website .
3 . ICO :
Initial Coin Offering ( ICO ) is the most known method for crowdfunding techniques . As a trader or exchanger , you can create own coin like bitcoin or crypto coins to make familiar your invented crypto coins among the popular crypto-coins .
4 . Cryptocurrency Trading Bot :
Cryptocurrency Trading bot is the most essential feature for busy cryptocurrency business person . You can make trading and exchange even when your absence In platform . Trading bot increases efficiency for your trading , By the way , you can add more profit your business more than the usual .
5 . Smart Contracts :
Smart contract acts like independent or programming code that executes entirely on the blockchain and eliminates the manual or human agreements out of the loop and they are making the functions fully automated and secure one .
6 . White-label solution :
White-label Solution – Starting the cryptocurrency exchange business with a unique and branded solution with the help of white label solution . You can make your platform with more branded , distinct and attractive website design . You can trade and exchange with the multi cryptocurrencies through multiple languages and multi-payment system .
Being a business person , If you have an idea to start your cryptocurrency exchange website with the most trendy and essential features choose the best exchange solution . Coinjoker is built with the lot of secure , profit and advanced features for next-generation exchange platform . The new technology will bring an effective solution for the startups who need it . Cryptocurrency exchange script ( https : //www.cryptoexchangescript.com/ )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS ( KPLR ) – Monday is moving day as St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay says goodbye to city hall and the office he 's occupied for the last 16 years .
As the mayor watched their official portrait be hung in city hall , they could n't help but be emotional , saying they could n't describe the feeling , but adds it was joyful .
“ I think we have a lot to be proud of for what we accomplished over the years ; and it 's a new chapter in my life , doing something different , ” Slay said .
After a 31-year career in public service , including four terms years as the longest serving mayor in St. Louis history , Slay walks away feeling content for how their team served the city .
“ That 's what I will miss the most are the people , but I 'm going to live with some of the best memories anybody could ever have , ” they said .
During their stint in office , Mayor Slay says the city has witnessed the September 11 terror attacks , two recessions , and a foreclosure crisis , which affected the most challenged neighborhoods in St Louis . Costs went up and revenues were flat , forcing the city to eliminate 1,000 city government positions . Over time , the city pulled through .
“ We have better quality public education in the city . We have better healthcare and better housing for low-income families , ” Slay said .
Also during Slay 's tenure , a new baseball stadium was built , the city lost a football team , the Central West End experienced a rebirth , Cortex has flourished , the NGA stayed put , crime went down , but violent crime still tops national lists .
“ It has been an honor representing the people of St. Louis as mayor , being the face of the city , and taking on leadership and challenges we face , ” Slay said .
Slay will return to private life as an attorney for Spencer Fane and continue to live in the city .
“ I love this city . I want to be involved and I have a lot more to offer , ” they said .
Morning News Brief The Trump administration is undoing Obama-era guidance to schools on affirmative action . And , an update on last month 's shooting of an unarmed black teenager in East Pittsburgh , Pa .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ANKENY , Iowa – A man 's selfless deed for a veteran at an Iowa Walmart store has been shared thousands of times after it moved one shopper to post on their Facebook page .
Alana Ruthann wrote that they were looking at their phone while waiting to check out Saturday , `` absorbed in my own world of technology , '' when they saw a beautiful exchange between two men ahead of them
A young man told an older man wearing a hat indicating they were a military veteran , “ Sir , I 'm paying for your items because you paid by serving my country and I 'm grateful for you . ”
Alana Ruthann wrote that the older man was caught off guard by the gesture and struggled to hold their emotions in . The young man quickly paid for the items and thanked the veteran once more before leaving .
The veteran seemed at a loss and asked the cashier what they should do now , and they replied with a smile “ You have a good day ! ”
`` It was that moment I realized I had TWO heroes in line in front of me , '' Ruthann wrote . `` My heart swelled as I watched our veteran readjust their Veteran ball cap , straighten up , and hold their head with pride as they walked out knowing someone was grateful for him . ''
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Go here for updates on concert announcements and more sent to your inbox .
With 2017 coming to a close , Red Rocks has announced more shows for 2018 . This morning , Elephant Revival , Turnpike Troubadours and Funk on the Rocks were all announced to play at the amphitheater next year . Elephant Revival will be hitting Red Rocks on May 20 , 2018 . Blind Pilot will open for the Nederland-based band . Recently , Bridget Law , a vocalist and fiddle player for Elephant Revival , announced that they will not be touring full time with the band , stating that they will be spending more time with their family , their body and their personal projects . “ Elephant Revival has been my baby for a decade . I do n't want to tour anymore . One of the ideas I presented to them [ Elephant Revival ] is that I would be involved in the activism side , ” said Law at Arise Music Festival . Tickets go on sale this Friday , December 15 here .
On June 13 , 2018 , Red Rocks will host the Turnpike Troubadours with Randy Rogers Band , Old 97 's and Charley Crockett . Back in October , the Turnpike Troubadours released their fourth album , A Long Way from Your Heart , which was produced by Grammy winner Ryan Hewitt . Local pre-sale for Turnpike Troubadours and Elephant Revival begins Thursday , December 14th at 10 a.m here .
Funk on the Rocks will be back at Red Rocks on June 28 , 2018 , for its fifth consecutive year . Chromeo will once again be hosting the event , this year with The Glitch Mob and special guests Elohim and KITTENS . In November , Chromeo announced their new album Head Over Heels , which will be released sometime in 2018 . Funk on the Rocks has sold out every year , so be sure to grab your tickets before they 're gone here .
Those Affected By Trump 's Travel Ban Hope For End To 'Chaos ' After Supreme Court Case
Enlarge this image toggle caption Deb Amos/NPR Deb Amos/NPR
At the New York City cell phone shop where they do their homework , nine-year-old Ahmed Alhuthaifi says they miss their mom a lot .
`` Sometimes , I feel like I am going to cry , '' they say . `` Trump wo n't let them in . ''
After a years-long effort , their mother , who is stuck in Saudi Arabia , was denied a visa due to President Trump 's restrictions on immigration and travel from certain countries , including Yemen . They and Ahmed 's four younger siblings , who live with her , missed Ahmed 's birthday celebrations on April 3 .
`` He expected them to be here , all their brothers and sisters ; he 's depressed all the time , '' says Fathi Alhuthaifi , their father . `` I need my wife and kids . We are in a bad situation . ''
On Wednesday , the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in a case challenging the ban as discriminatory and unconstitutional . Administration lawyers insist the ban , in effect in full since early December , is a national security necessity .
Alhuthaifi is an American citizen . They emigrated from Yemen more than 20 years ago and runs a successful cell phone business on West 145th St. in Harlem . They named their youngest son McCain , after the Arizona Republican senator they admire .
`` As soon as you step your feet in this country , you feel you are part of the country , '' they say . But the administration 's travel ban has dashed their dream of uniting their family in New York . All their kids have U.S. passports , but the younger ones , they explain , ca n't be without their mother , who is not a U.S. citizen .
`` We thought we were very lucky . It 's a dream country . But the time has changed , '' they say .
The ban , issued in September , restricts travel from Iran , Libya , North Korea , Syria , Venezuela , Somalia and Yemen . Chad , originally on the list , was removed earlier this month .
Whatever the outcome in the Supreme Court , the Trump ban has already sown `` chaos '' in affected families across the country , says Muna Jondy , a Michigan immigration lawyer of Syrian descent who counsels families in the U.S. whose relatives are now barred from joining them .
`` My clients are freaking out , '' they say . `` This causes chaos with work visas , student visas , bringing families here . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Deb Amos/NPR Deb Amos/NPR
The Yemeni-American Merchants Association of New York mounted a one-hour protest Tuesday , the day before the Supreme Court hearing . Zaid Alnagi , the association 's vice president , distributed posters across the city and created hashtags for a social media campaign , # IamAmericanToo and # BodegaStrike .
`` The executive order , at its heart , says Yemeni people are bad and they need to stay away . We say no ! We are part of the fabric of the country , '' says Alnagi , an American citizen who has not been able to bring their mother to New York . Them visa was denied this year .
President Trump 's campaign pledge for a `` total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States '' is at the center of the Supreme Court debate . The president 's executive orders did not cite religion but rather security concerns that motivated their ban .
`` It 's not a Muslim ban and it never has been — the whole Muslim ban narrative is little better than a hoax , '' says Mark Krikorian , executive director of the conservative Center for Immigration Studies and a White House advisor on immigration . They support stricter limits on the current immigration system .
`` The travel ban targets specific , terrorism-infected countries and , as a practical matter , would apply to a relatively small share of the world 's Muslims , '' they say .
Critics of the ban , including a judge in Hawaii who ruled against the ban , charge that the biggest burden is felt in the Muslim-majority nations on the list .
`` No national from any of the countries impacted is responsible for a death from terrorists on U.S. soil since 1975 , '' says Joshua Geltzer , one of 52 former national security officials who submitted an amicus brief to the Supreme Court , declaring that the Trump administration has failed the show how the travel ban bolsters national security .
They argue that the countries subjected to the ban `` do n't seem to have any resemblance to where terrorism threats are emanating from . ''
`` The thing that is frustrating is it 's stereotyping , '' says Dr. Ziad Alnabki , a Syrian-American cardiologist in Jacksonville , Fla. `` We ca n't just label all of them terrorists and close the door for them coming in . ''
Alnabki first came to the U.S. more than a decade ago for their medical residency in Tennessee , after graduating first in their class from Damascus University . After Syria descended into a brutal civil war , Alnabki applied for immigrant visas for their parents . After years of waiting , they finally got an interview this year at the U.S. embassy in Cairo .
`` We were shocked when their application was denied at the beginning of the year . The travel ban came along and we could n't get them here , '' they say .
`` I love my job , it 's the most rewarding thing in my life , '' says Alnabki , who works in a cardiac unit . `` I take care of patients , and the son or the daughter gives me a hug . But at the same time , I ca n't have my parents next to me here so I can see them and they can see my kids . ''
While the ban allows for case-by-case waivers , those waivers are rare . According to Reuters , about 100 waivers were granted between December and early March . More than 8,000 had applied for U.S. visas in that period from countries affected by the ban .
The letter informing Alnabki that their parents would not be granted visas also said they were not eligible for a waiver .
`` It 's totally arbitrary , '' says Jondy , the Michigan-based immigration lawyer , who handled Alnabki 's case . `` One client who is a doctor , their parents are stranded in Cairo ; but another family in Damascus did get a waiver . They are Christians , '' they say .
They say the few cases she 's handled do n't show a pattern yet , but they advise their clients who are Christian to include their religious affiliation in the application . They say those who do so have been granted waivers .
`` I am doing things like putting in a baptismal certificate , '' they say . `` That is not normally the evidence that you submit in a waiver application , but it has worked . ''
Jondy says they field hundreds of panicked calls and text messages from clients who plead for help . The stress , says this second-generation immigrant and American citizen , has been overwhelming for all concerned .
`` You just ca n't have an arbitrary policy that 's based on discrimination against Muslims , '' they say , which is their view of the travel ban . `` It 's just basically , 'We do n't want them here and so let 's find a way to get them not to come here . ' ``
It 's a case of got ta , got ta , got ta catch 'em all as the Pokémon anime series continues with it `` Sun and Moon '' saga . Long gone are the days where avid fans could recite all 150 pocket monsters ( in order ) , and with 802 currently in the Pokédex , it is hard to keep track of who is who in Kanto , Johto , and beyond . After two decades of colorful cartoon capers , the latest series is bringing back a long-lost favorite character . That 's right , that big pink pr * ck Jigglypuff is back .
I 'll Huff And I 'll Puff
In the latest episode from Pokémon the Series : Sun and Moon , fans saw the surprise reappearance of Jigglypuff after an extended leave of absence . As Ash and their classmates headed back to Kanto to visit Professor Oak , they had another nostalgia-filled battle with Team Rocket . Jigglypuff soon arrived on the scene , with Ash recognizing this particular one as the Pokémon from their past .
Hardly the voice of an angel , the petulant powder puff was notorious for putting the cast to sleep and then doodling on their faces . Not much has changed over the past 20 years of pocket monsters , so why would Jiggly change the habit of a lifetime ? Also appearing in the next episode , hiding on a plane back to Aloha , the genderless troublemaker is now expected to be a semi-permanent part of the show . However , will Jiggly go back to its old days of being Ash 's unwanted traveling companion ?
Believe it or not , although # Pokémon has always remained a staple of our screens , Jigglypuff has n't appeared in an episode since 2003 . Last seen in the episode `` A Poké-BLOCK Party ! , '' Jiggly was continuing their usual mission of finding anyone who could make it through a song without nodding off . Some 668 episodes later , our wannabe pop star is back to cause more trouble for Ash and the gang .
It was an episode full of reunions with the likes of Ash 's Muk , their herd of 30 Tauros , and old friend Bulbasaur , but Jigglypuff was by far the most missed . It is hard to imagine a show in which Ash did n't have Pikachu , Misty Staryu , and Brock Onix ; so with Jigglypuff being a major part of Pokémon 's early years , it is a struggle to see how we have gone so long without the favorite pink puff in our lives . Fans in the USA will have to wait a long time before the episode airs , but rest assured , it 's time to get `` Jiggly '' with it .
Check out the trailer for the new Pokémon movie I Choose You ! and do n't forget our poll below :
At present , around 8,000 madrassas in UP are recognised by the government body UP Madrassa Shiksha Parishad . Photo : AP
Lucknow : Hoisting of national flag , singing of national anthem , paying tributes to freedom fighters and martyrs and programmes held on the occasion of Independence Day on Tuesday in madrassas across the state will be videographed and photographed perhaps for the first time .
According to UP Minority Welfare Minister Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary , this will inspire students and they will learn more about the contributions of freedom fighters , though the order has not gone down well with a section of Muslim clerics . “ Children can treasure the memories of Independence Day celebrations through photographs and videos which will also act as a source of inspiration for others .
Unlike the previous governments , which indulged in politics of appeasement , we are a government with nationalist bent of mind , ” they said . “ Every citizen born in India celebrates different festivals ranging from Holi , Diwali , Eid and Lohri . But when it comes to national festivals , they are celebrated by the entire nation . And , the madrassas should not exclude themselves from participating in the national festivals , ” they said .
The Minister said that today is an era of technology . “ The videos made during the Independence Day can be shared among the students . They can treasure the memories of the Independence Day celebrations . Apart from this , it will act as a source of inspiration for others , ” they said .
At present , around 8,000 madrassas in UP are recognised by the government body UP Madrassa Shiksha Parishad . Among these , 560 are fully aided by the state . To a question as to what prompted the government to issue the order to the madrassas , Chaudhary said , “ Directives were issued as the government recognised that madrassas get funds from the state government and are supposed to celebrate the national festivals including Independence Day . ”
“ Through different cultural programmes , the students will be made aware of the rich history of the freedom struggle and the heroic deeds of our revolutionaries and martyrs . They will definitely draw inspiration from their heroic tales , ” they said . Taking a swipe at political rivals , they said , “ Those trying to impute motives and suspecting the intention of the government , I doubt their nationalist credentials . ”
Reacting to the directive , All India Muslim Personal Law Board member Maulana Khalid Rashid Farangi Mahli said the community has been celebrating Independence Day since 1947 in madrassas , hoisting the national flag and singing the national anthem . “ What is the intention behind the order ? ” they wondered .
“ If you ( the UP government ) have issued the same order and directives for all the schools , colleges and educational institutes , then we have no objection . If it is only for madrassas , then it seems to be an unusual order . If it is only in madrassas , does it mean that our patriotism is being suspected ? ” they said .
On the other hand , Yasoob Abbas , the spokesperson of All- India Shia Personal Law Board ( AISPLB ) , said there should be no objection to videography and photography of Independence Day celebrations in madrassas but suggested that the directive should be for all educational institutions .
“ This will enhance transparency and trust , and also help in removing doubts about Muslims , who are looked upon rather suspiciously . However , we feel that this directive should be for all educational institutions of other religions also . Madrassas had participated in freedom struggle , ” Abbas said .
UP BJP leader Romana Siddiqui , however , welcomed the UP government 's move , saying “ When every institute in the country celebrates the day with full patriotic fervour , why should the madrassas lag behind .
If convents and missionary schools celebrate Independence Day by holding a number of events , then why not the Madrassa ” . According to the circular , on Independence Day , flag hoisting and recitation of the National Anthem will take place at 8 am . Following this , tributes will be paid to the martyrs of the freedom struggle . Students will sing songs on nationalism and will be told about the history of 15 August and the freedom fighters .
Besides , cultural programmes will be organised on the theme of national unity , along with sports activities . Sweets will be distributed at the end of the session . The circular asks minority welfare officers to direct all madrassas to ensure that Independence Day is celebrated with zeal and that all the programmes mentioned above are organised .
MoS minority welfare Baldev Aulakh has warned action against madrassas if they did not follow the order . “ We have asked for videography of all programmes . We can check at random as to which madrassas has celebrated it or not , ” they said , adding , “ If any madrassa does not celebrate it , action will be taken against it . ”
Marcia Love
Mayerthorpe Freelancer
For some of them , it 's taken decades to find the courage to speak up .
Many were waiting for the right time , knowing they might not be believed . Until now .
If there 's one thing 2017 will be remembered for , it 's the year victims of sexual harassment and sexual assault came together in one loud voice to say no more .
It makes me proud to see the ripples widening in a bold movement that began with the many “ silence breakers ” who share Time Magazine 's Person of the Year title .
But it also makes me realize how disturbing it is that women have to consider the many frightening situations they might find themselves in — especially when they go somewhere alone . That is the reality , and that is what we need to teach women , young and old , to ensure our safety while we work towards change .
I used to be naive , and very well could have placed myself in dangerous situations because I blindly trusted . I hopped in trucks to go capture news photos with people I spoke to briefly over the phone . I drove out to people 's homes for interviews without even thinking to tell anyone where I was going . Nothing terrible ever happened , but I had simply trusted I 'd be okay because I was the one who initiated contact for the sake of a news story .
I innocently believed 99 per cent of the population was made up of good , kind people .
But the more news I reported on ( the 72-year-old man who hid a camera in the women 's change room of the gym their wife owned , the 39-year-old hockey coach who sexually abused young hockey players for years — both of these occurred in small prairie towns where the individuals were trusted community members ) and the more news I read , I eventually saw I was very wrong to do that . Not because the majority of people out there are n't honest people , but because my safety is primarily my own responsibility . And it only takes one bad person to put you in a horrible situation .
If there 's anything we can take from the horrible accounts of sexual abuse , sexual harassment and violence recalled by numerous women in the media these past few months , it 's that we need to have a plan .
Plan out how you would respond if you were to be put in an uncomfortable or dangerous situation . Know what to potentially say or do if you get that uneasy feeling about a situation , and decide on a getaway plan to put in place if things escalate .
There are many women who believe we should n't have to worry about things like this happening to us . And I completely agree . In a better , more ideal world , we should n't .
In an ideal world , we should n't need to safeguard ourselves against any kind of predators whatsoever .
But in the same way that we bolt our doors at night , and in the same way that we protect our banking passwords , we need to defend ourselves from those who would do us harm .
And so I 'll continue locking my door immediately after I get into my car at night . I 'll continue avoiding those shaded trails when I go out jogging alone . And my husband will continue telling me to be safe as I 'm heading out the door to meet up with friends .
We need to take precautions .
And we need to show support to those who are speaking up to let these aggressors know no one will be staying silent anymore .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
UK police have received two new allegations of sexual assault against disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein , it was reported .
Sources told PA that the claims against the Hollywood producer were reported to the Metropolitan Police .
A woman has claimed New York-born Weinstein , 65 , assaulted them in Westminster , central London , in 2011 .
A separate alleged incident took place at a location outside the UK , it was said .
The allegations were reported to police in November but only now made public , bringing the total number of women who have reported Weinstein to British police to nine .
( Image : Getty )
A spokesperson for Scotland Yard said : `` On 13 November an allegation was received that the man sexually assaulted a woman in Westminster in 2011 and outside the jurisdiction of the UK in 2010 .
`` The second allegation will be passed to the relevant police force in due course . ''
The new allegations surfaced on the same day 'Kill Bill ' star Uma Thurman claimed the Miramax founder assaulted them in a London hotel room around the 1994 release of Pulp Fiction .
Weinstein issued a statement on Saturday denying physically assaulting the US actor following their claims in the New York Times .
Thurman claims Weinstein tried to push them down and shove themselves on top of her , and attempted to expose himself .
Weinstein said : `` Her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue . And this is the first time we have heard those details . ''
The producer has denied allegations of non-consensual sex after being accused of sexual assault and harassment by more than 50 women .
Actresses Ashley Judd , Angelina Jolie , Gwyneth Paltrow , Cara Delevingne and Kate Beckinsale are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual harassment .
Weinstein is now under investigation for sexual assault and rape by police in multiple cities , including London , Los Angeles and New York .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
TAMAQUA — Thad Zuber is just fine quarterbacking the Tamaqua basketball team all on their own for the first few weeks of the young season .
Because the Blue Raiders are starting the season without sophomore shooting guard Brayden Knoblauch , who 's nursing an injury from football season , Zuber is Tamaqua 's de-facto floor general on the hardwood .
Monday night against Nativity , Zuber proved he 's more than up for the job , as they poured in a game-high 22 points and led the Blue Raiders to a 73-61 victory in their home opener .
“ Thad 's kind of our rock right now , ” Tamaqua coach Jim Barron said . “ Without Brayden , and with so many fresh faces out on the court , we 're going to rely on Thad a lot , and they really played well for us tonight . ”
The game got off to a somewhat sloppy start , with both teams committing several turnovers in the early minutes . Play eventually settled down , and the first quarter ended with Tamaqua in front , 15-9 .
The Tamaqua lead grew to 12 late in the second quarter , sparked by two three-pointers by Zuber and a short jumper by Casey Rother , before a three-pointer by Nativity 's Mike Bilansky set the halftime score at 32-23 .
A few quick Nativity baskets to start the third quarter helped the Hilltoppers get to within five , at 36-29 . But that 's as close as they would come the rest of the way . The fourth quarter saw the Raiders shoot 16-of-24 from the foul line as several Hilltoppers fouled out of the game .
Sophomore center Lucas Gregoire , Rother and Michael Bonetsky backed Zuber , with Gregoire netting 14 points and Rother and Bonetsky added 13 apiece .
Casian Flowers scored 15 points to lead Nativity , which also got 10 each from Sincere Walker , Raphael Muldrow and Quandre Latimer .
“ I 'm happy it 's a W , ” Barron said . “ It was a little sloppy at times , but I think overall , it was a satisfying win . ”
Contact the writer : sports @ standardspeaker.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Muggles may descend on Edinburgh for the Fringe Festival , but for wizards a magical Harry Potter festival is offering up some serious competition .
In fact this spring the Scottish capital will be hosted to the Wizarding World Gathering , where wizards and witches from around the world can don their best robes , practice their spells and meet fellow magical beings .
The ultimate Harry Potter themed party will be taking place at the ninth annual Edinburgh International Magic Festival and it has everything you could want to feel like you 've stepped into Hogwarts .
Dress to impress in your house colours for the costume competition , put your skills to the test at the fantasy quiz and potions class , or show off some dance moves at the Fantastic Beats from DJ Gregarious .
Feeling peckish ? Tuck into some chocolate frogs or enchanted cakes from Suki Bakes , or sip on special brew from ALEchemy Brewery . ( Or for something more substantial , there 'll be a hog roast too ) .
( Image : Warner Bros )
Or try one of the magically mixed gin 'potions ' from the Old Curiosity Distillery , brewed in Edinburgh 's Secret Herb Garden .
For Hogwarts students looking to get ready for the school year , there 'll be a plethora of Diagon Alley style shops with magical books from Golden Hare books , official merchandise from the Boy Wizard shop plus many more magical surprises .
( Image : PA )
There will be plenty of live magic shows on offer too for some bewitching entertainment , including performances from magicians R Paul Wilson , John Henry Blackwood and Kevin Quantum .
The Wizard World Gathering will take place at the Assembly Roxy on Friday 11th May , Saturday 12th May and Sunday 13th May , with a host of midday and 6pm sessions each lasting approximately four hours .
( Image : Warner Bros )
Tickets are £18 per person so you wo n't need to break the bank either - and this includes a drink and chocolate frog on arrival , as well as all of the activities .
You can book your place on the website here .
Unfortunately little wizards wo n't be to attend - the party is open to those aged 18 or over only .
Edinburgh is packed with plenty more gems for Harry Potter fans too . For a start , there 's the incredible Hogwarts-themed apartment you can rent , or those looking for more wizarding fun can take on the new Harry Potter-themed escape room .
Rugby Player Phaidra Knight Retires After 18 Years
`` A violent yet controlled sport that 's kind of a form of art . '' That 's how Phaidra Knight describes rugby . On their retirement , they tell NPR 's Lulu Garcia-Navarro what drew them to the sport .
( SOUNDBITE OF TRIBECA SONG , `` GET LARGE '' )
LULU GARCIA-NAVARRO , HOST :
The Rugby World Cup is underway in Ireland , where teams of women from 12 countries , including the United States , are rucking and scrumming in pursuit of the world title .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
UNIDENTIFIED ANNOUNCER # 1 : Marsters trying to get past Naoupu - a really good chuck .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
UNIDENTIFIED ANNOUNCER # 2 : Brilliant pass here from the fullback Trey Hoon ( ph ) .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
UNIDENTIFIED ANNOUNCER # 3 : Brushes off Wunderfinder ( ph ) , comes back again , gets rid of two more . So she 's beaten three .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
UNIDENTIFIED ANNOUNCER # 1 : Thomas with a handoff - still going - Kristen Thomas with the game 's first score .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : A fixture of the U.S. rugby scene is Phaidra Knight . They just announced their retirement from the sport after 18 years as a USA Eagle and three World Cups . But that does n't mean she 's missing the 2017 World Cup this year . She 'll be there , too , broadcasting with NBC Sports in Dublin instead . This week on Out of Bounds , women 's rugby . Rugby Magazine 's 2010 player of the decade Phaedra Knight joins us now from New York . Welcome .
PHAIDRA KNIGHT : Thank you . I 'm stoked to be here with you .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : I 'm stoked to have you . For those of us who may not know much about rugby , can you tell us the positions you played , prop , then flanker ? And what do those things mean ?
KNIGHT : ( Laughter ) A prop is one of the two positions on the field in the scrum , where they - you literally prop the hooker , who 's a player , obviously , in the middle of the two props , up . And props typically are your strongest or some of your strongest players . That was the position I played in the 2002 World Cup . Immediately after that World Cup , I moved to the position of flanker . And this is how the position was sold to me , right ?
GARCIA-NAVARRO : ( Laughter ) .
KNIGHT : I was told you get to essentially set the limits of the game by testing the referee and what they 're going to tolerate .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : ( Laughter ) .
KNIGHT : So you 're the craziest player on the field . You can run like a free radical and tackle people , just destroy .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : Sounds fun .
KNIGHT : Yeah . Your goal in life is to make the fly-half 's life miserable . And so I was sold at that point .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : ( Laughter ) . What was it that attracted you ? Why did you find it so compelling ?
KNIGHT : Probably the surface thing was that I was able to run as fast as I could and run through people . That was emancipating to me . But the biggest magnet to the game - into the sport - was how inclusive and accepting the community was . And for me , I was just this small-town girl from Georgia - did n't quite know who I was or all of what I was . I knew that I had probably a lot of anger issues that I needed to get through , a lot of identity issues to work through . And it did n't matter . That was the one community that did n't care . And they accepted me and everyone else that knocked on their door .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : We often hear about men channeling their anger issues or medical issues into sports . We do n't hear as much about women doing that in the same way - especially sort of aggressive sports . Do you think the stigma has changed ? Do you think that this has shifted now ?
KNIGHT : I think that there are a number of women who come to the sport because , you know , something very deeply calls them that will allow them to be able to express themselves , right ? And it 's not that rugby 's full of just angry people . I think that that life is full of - I mean , we all have anger .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : We do .
KNIGHT : And we all struggle with that . We all have different degrees of it . We also have different ways of expressing it . And this offers an opportunity to express that in the way that men do it , right ? This violent yet controlled sport that 's really kind of a form of art .
GARCIA-NAVARRO : Rugby player and now rugby commentator Phaidra Knight , thank you so much .
KNIGHT : Thank you .
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
New York City first proposed building a subway line under 2nd Ave. on Manhattan 's far East Side in 1929 , a plan derailed by the stock market crash , and the city broke ground on the project in 1972 ( for the first time ) , but the Second Avenue line remained mostly just on paper until tunneling began in earnest in 2007 . On Sunday , the new line opened to the public , with the promise of eased congestion and lightened traffic on the 4 , 5 , and 6 trains . `` I was very choked up , '' Betsy Morris , 70 , told The New Times as they rode the first train to leave the 96th Street station . `` How do you explain something that you never thought would happen ? ''
The new subway line , serve by the Q train , is only three stops — 96th , 86th and 72nd Streets — spanning nearly two miles , with a connection to an existing line at 68th Street . It cost $ 4.4 billion and is expected to carry some 200,000 passengers a day , with plans to extend the line north into East Harlem . The entire New York City subway system serves an average of 5.6 million riders a day , and with the three new stops , has 472 stations , the most of any subway in the world . Peter Weber
Fazoli 's Italian restaurant , at 1875 Meriden Waterbury Tpk. , will be offering a free meet and greet with Santa on Saturday Dec. 15 . From 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. , the restaurant will offer a break from holiday shopping with a visit from Santa and up to three kids ' meals for 99 cents with the purchase of an adult entree .
“ We are very excited to be a part of the Southington community and offer this event , ” store manager Nicole Logins said in a chamber of commerce press release . “ Come down and join us for some holiday fun and enjoy a family meal at a great price . ”
In addition , the restaurant will be accepting donations of winter outerwear to be donated to Southington Community Services .
Fazoli 's offers over 25 classic , fast and fresh Italian dishes . This is the first Fazoli 's location in New England . The restaurant opened last month .
Vermont Legislators Want To Reconsider Law For Attempted Crimes Vermont dropped some charges against Jack Sawyer after the state supreme court ruled their alleged school shooting plot was n't an attempted crime . Now state legislators are looking to rewrite the law .
During the half time of the Men 's UCA basketball game against University of Arkansas at Little Rock at the Farris center , offensive coordinator and quarterback coach Nathan Brown was announced as the new UCA head football coach .
Brown received a bachelors degree in business education from the university of Central Arkansas in 2009 . They were also a record-setting four-year starter at quarterback , when they were at UCA . Winning awards like Southland conference player of the year and Southland conference offensive player of the year .
They began as a volunteer coach for the Bears in 2009 , worked their way up to offensive coordinator and was an instrumental part in the Bears successful 2017 season .
Since Steve Campbell made their announcement of theirs leaving on Thursday players like Senior cornerback Tre Smith and redshirt sophomore Juan Jackson have been campaigning for Brown on Twitter . Saying things like “ Got ta be @ NathanBrown for HC ( head coach ) . ” and “ let 's get this done then . ”
Are you looking for a spectacular light display to view this holiday season ? ? We found a fantastic one for you located right here in Cranberry Township !
For the past 8 years , Wayne Baker and their family have been spreading Christmas cheer through their own home light display . The lights are synchronized to music on their own FM radio station .
Every year they choose a different autism charity to sponsor in honor of Wayne 's step-son who has asperger syndrome . 100 % of the proceeds go towards their yearly chosen organization . They have a money box with a string of red lights around it in their front yard if you wish to contribute .
You can find more info on their Facebook page @ bakerfamilychristmas :
Wayne joined Broadway 's Backyard to answer all of the questions you may be thinking . Take a listen :
You have until January 1st this year to check it out ! Here 's where they 're located :
502 Hedge Row Court
Cranberry Township , PA 16066
Hope Academy wants to purchase a new jungle gym for Grand Harbour .
And they are asking for your help to do , not just for students to use , but families who visit Grand Harbour as well .
Dean of Students Michael Myles says the previous jungle gym stationed outside of Salty 's restaurant is in disrepair and they want to have it replaced . They say a new gym will cost 10-15 thousand dollars .
The Cayman Islands Skatepark Association will be donating all the proceeds it makes from anyone who goes to the skate park on the first Friday of the month for the next 6 months starting from tonight ( 02 February . )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Jury Hears Closing Arguments In Bill Cosby 's Sexual Assault Trial Closing arguments in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial took place Tuesday . He 's accused of assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004 , but five other women were allowed to testify about their own alleged assaults .
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like `` Jews will not replace us '' and `` end immigration , one people , one nation '' was , as many expressed online , disturbing yet not really all that surprising .
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville , journalists , scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet , with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded .
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read .
Here at Code Switch , my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows :
`` Richard Spencer , the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right , ' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success . 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said , 'all gays should marry , ' you actually would get a lot of laughs , ' Spencer told The Atlantic last year , not long after the election . 'By 2015 , gay marriage is popular . What is possible has shifted . That 's what the alt-right is doing . It 's shifting the reality of what 's possible , and imagining a reality in which they are . ' ``
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson , now executive editor at The Atlantic , riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend , compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods . `` The shameless return of white supremacy into America 's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees , and quickly , '' Thompson wrote .
Dara Lind , a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins , described it as a `` coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America . ''
Nathan Guttman , a reporter with Forward , an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans , penned a vivid piece about covering the march . They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville , Michael Signer .
`` ' [ L ] ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep 's name ? ' asked Richard Spencer , a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate , ' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops , deprived of their protest . The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name : 'Jew , Jew , Jew , Jew ' some shouted out . The rest burst out in laughter . And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed . ''
And Jia Tolentino , a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia , meditated on Charlottesville 's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past . `` While I was at U.V.A. , the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed , and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine 's Day , when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally . ' ``
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump , whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville criticized equally both sides of the protest . `` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , '' Trump said , in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans .
Writing for The New Yorker , Jelani Cobb parsed Trump 's initial response further :
`` We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years , and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them . Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were , in essence , equally wrong . It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ( `` Heritage , not hate , '' etc . ) , but Nazis ? For reasons that are not hard to discern , the swastika , at least in the United States , has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag . ''
Michael Gerson , a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush , lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece , writing that the current president was `` incapable '' of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy :
`` If great words can heal and inspire , base words can corrupt . Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses . In Charlottesville , the effect became fully evident . And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work . What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties ? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things ? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart ? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options . But the questions intensify . ''
On Monday , Trump responded to the increasing pressure to react more forcefully , and gave a stronger rebuke . `` Racism is evil , '' Trump said . `` And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the K.K.K. , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ''
In a piece for Commentary Magazine , John Podhoretz , a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W . Bush , cast a skeptical eye toward Trump 's remarks on Monday :
`` You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president 's statement today condemning white supremacists , but it 's hard to believe they would have read it out if he 'd had their druthers . No , the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides ' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville , Virginia ; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad ' in tweets ; when they wished 'best regards ' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them , killing 1 and injuring 20 . When they acted in that way , they were operating according to their instinct . And their instinct said : Do not attack the white supremacists . ''
What Trump 's comments Monday mean for how , exactly , they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists , remains unclear .
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump 's remarks on Monday :
Bristol City U23s take on their counterparts from Birmingham on Monday evening at 7pm from Ashton Gate .
The young Robins played on Friday at the SGS when the Luke Williams ' side went down narrowly 0-1 to a visiting Ipswich Town side .
A fine performance from Alhaji Sesay was marred by a late red card as Town managed to hold on to their slender lead with Australian Ben Folami grabbing the only goal of the game .
Tonight 's line-up is likely to be similar to that fielded on Friday afternoon , with Tyreeq Bakinson and Aden Baldwin playing behind Kel Akpobire and Cameron Allen .
Several senior fringe players could be involved while there may even be an outside chance that Irish winger Callum O'Dowda is involved .
The Bristol Post were in attendance the last time that Birmingham 's U23 side visited , watching the Blues grab a narrow win .
But City can get back to winning ways having lost just once in their last five games with a victory in BS3 tonight .
Keep an eye on here for updates across the evening
Brighton have now scored 3 goals in a single match for the third time this season in the Premier League .
Two of those times have been against West Ham . pic.twitter.com/Zdc5JZ4Ipg
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
As Valentine 's Day is fast approaching , it 's the perfect opportunity to treat your other half ( and yourself ! ) to a romantic minibreak .
But there 's no need to use up your annual leave/budget and jet set off to the world 's most romantic destinations - there are some amazing destinations right here in the UK .
Now , TripAdvisor has given us major inspiration as they reveal the UK 's top romantic hotels , based on the reviews from guests who 've stayed there .
Topping the list is the elegant Tavistock House Hotel in Devon , whose chic interiors and picturesque coastal location also saw it being named the fifth most romantic hotel in the world .
The list proves that the UK is an ideal destination for couples , from cosy countryside retreats to scenic stays by the seaside .
We take a look at the UK 's top 10 best romantic hotels and why they should be on your radar ...
1 . Tavistock House Hotel , Devon
( Image : TripAdvisor )
This privately owned townhouse continues to be a hit with couples thanks to its spacious yet cosy bedrooms boasting cashmere pocket sprung beds , Egyptian cotton linen and ensuite bathrooms with rain showers .
Tucked away in the heart of Tavistock , it 's ideal for couples who want to escape the hustle and bustle of daily life and make the most of the fresh sea air , exploring the World Heritage site of Tavistock with its independent shops , restaurants and iconic Pannier Market .
How much ? Prices from £89 per night on TripAdvisor .
2 . The Old Rectory Hotel , Devon
( Image : TripAdvisor )
Nestled in Devon 's Martinhoe , this stylish boutique hotel has proven a hit with guests thanks to its pretty gardens , modern interiors and delicious food .
Expect spacious and elegant rooms with luxury touches such as Molton Brown toiletries , and balconies overlooking the gardens and pond .
It 's ideal for those after both a countryside and coastal retreat , boasting a location close to the stunning Exmoor Coast .
How much ? Prices from £141 per night on TripAdvisor .
3 . The Elm Tree Hotel , Llandudno
( Image : TripAdvisor )
Boasting a picturesque seafront location , The Elm Tree offers a luxurious minibreak - without your having to break the bank in the process .
The hotel has a lounge and outdoor terrace garden overlooking Llandudno 's iconic pier and promenade , not to mention there are plenty of walking routes on offer for those who fancy a leisurely stroll .
The rooms are bright an airy with glamorous extras such as cosy armchairs , chandeliers and large , comfortable beds . Make sure to check out the buffet in the morning - it offers a range of hot and cold options .
How much ? Average prices from £98 per night but you can find rooms from £85 .
4 . The Oceanic Hotel , Cornwall
( Image : TripAdvisor )
The Oceanic Hotel 's romantic extras including rose petals on the bed , mood lighting and a hearty breakfast hamper have made it a hit with couples who have stayed here .
Located in Falmouth , it 's ideal for those who want to make the most of the great outdoors , or simply want somewhere to get away from the hustle and bustle of daily life .
How much ? Prices from £118 per night on TripAdvisor .
5 . Blue Hayes Hotel , Cornwall
( Image : TripAdvisor )
With a patio overlooking the sea , this cosy hotel is ideal for those hoping to escape the daily grind and go exploring the popular resort of St Ives .
It 's a short walk to the beach or into the town , while the rooms are a mini haven in themselves with cosy beds , beautiful views and ensuite bathrooms .
Never been to Cornwall ? Check out our insider 's guide with locals ' tips on the best things to see and do , as well as the top restaurants .
How much ? Average prices from £210 per night but you can find rooms from £130 .
6 . The Parisi Hotel , York
( Image : TripAdvisor )
The hotel 's Grand Room proved a particular hit with guests , thanks to the spacious yet cosy atmosphere , and nice touches including the large bathtub and four poster bed .
Expect a hearty breakfast made of fresh ingredients in the morning , as well as plenty of inviting armchairs for sinking into by the fireplace after a day of exploring the beautiful city streets .
How much ? Prices from £97 per night on TripAdvisor .
( Image : TripAdvisor )
If you 're looking to explore the breathtaking Scottish countryside , then this could be the ideal retreat . Think cosy lounges and fireplace , spacious rooms , and 1.5 acres of pristine grounds .
The elegant rooms in this Victorian building offer beautiful views of Tummel Valley , and are all individually decorated .
How much ? Prices from £146 per night on TripAdvisor .
8 . Beechwood Hotel , Norfolk
( Image : TripAdvisor )
Guests have been impressed at the value they got for their money during a stay at this hotel , thanks to the grandiose rooms with fireplaces , four poster beds and little extras such as luxury toiletries .
There 's a cosy lounge for unwinding in at the end of the day , or indulge at the restaurant where you 'll find a hearty menu full of British classics .
How much ? Prices from £85 per night on TripAdvisor .
9 . Edgar House , Chester
( Image : TripAdvisor )
The chic rooms , views of the River Dee and hearty breakfast from local produce all proved a hit with guests , not to mention that when you arrive there 's a designated parking space for a welcoming touch .
Not to mention that the city of Chester makes for a cosy weekend break - especially during the winter .
How much ? Prices from £187 per night on TripAdvisor .
10 . Cedar Manor Hotel & Restaurant , Cumbria
( Image : TripAdvisor )
Located on the northern side of Windemere , this manor hotel has proven a hit with couples thanks to its luxury decor , delicious breakfast and elegant rooms .
Indulge in the evening at the hotel restaurant , and enjoy a post-meal tipple in the cosy lounge .
How much ? Prices from £142 per night on TripAdvisor .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EARTH CITY , MO ( KPLR ) – Food manufacturer Kellogg Co. announced its intention Tuesday to close its Earth City distribution center as part of a nationwide cost-cutting measure .
`` We will stop our direct store delivery network in the second quarter , '' said company spokesperson Kris Charles .
The Earth City location is one of nearly 40 distribution facilities in the United States that support its snack foods business , which includes Pringles and Cheez-It .
They will now ship their products directly to retailers like Schnucks , Dierbergs , and Shop ‘ n Save instead of using their own center .
`` The new model will reduce complexity and cost structure while driving growth for the company and retail partners , '' Charles said .
Approximately 30 employees will lose their jobs at the Earth City facility , but there is some hope .
“ We 've been actively engaged in conversations with some of our biggest retailers and they are expressing a strong interest in hiring these employees for high-demand roles once the transition is complete , ” Charles said .
Their warehouse distribution is already utilized by 75 percent of Kellogg 's U.S. sales . Moving completely to a warehouse distribution system offers a significant opportunity to accelerate growth .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has been accused of creeping into a family 's back garden and smelling children 's underwear hanging on a clothes line .
The man , wearing a white vest , is spotted wandering into the yard and lowering their head close to the clothes horse in confusing and disturbing CCTV footage .
They appear to be inspecting and feeling the clothing items hung on the airer outside the home in Lurnea , south west Sydney , at about 2.30am yesterday .
Just a couple of minutes later , the man allegedly strolled back out of the driveway , carrying a pair of girl 's underwear , the Daily Mail reports .
( Image : Facebook/Mary Issa )
( Image : Facebook/Mary Issa )
A woman who posted about the incident on Facebook wrote : `` Captured last night on our home surveillance a man in our backyard .
`` Went through the kids cloths on the line and took underwear nothing else .
`` We found our daughters undies in the front yard and the police have taken them for DNA testing , they are treating it seriously. ( sic ) . ''
( Image : Facebook/Mary Issa )
( Image : Facebook/Mary Issa )
( Image : Facebook/Mary Issa )
Them post has been shared 4,627 times so far by people who are outraged and saying how `` disgusting '' and `` scary '' it is .
The incident is being investigated by police .
A spokesperson for NSW Police told Daily Mail Australia : `` Police are investigating an incident in which a person allegedly entered the backyard of a residence in Lurnea overnight . ''
The spokesperson reportedly said the man allegedly touched clothes on the clothes line and peered inside a window at the home .
They added : `` The man left the backyard after a resident yelled at him . ''
REFURB : One of Noosa 's beach front resorts has had a makeover .
REFURB : One of Noosa 's beach front resorts has had a makeover .
A NOOSA beach front resort will be welcoming guests this summer into newly renovated apartments and outdoor areas .
Tingirana Noosa , off Hastings St and overlooking Noosa Beach , has recently completed interior and exterior refurbishments .
Boasting a new style of `` laid-back Hamptons ” , Trudy Tozer from interior design business CLO Studios worked with the surroundings to take advantage of the panoramic views .
Tingirana Noosa director Graeme Connor said guests can almost expect to feel the sand between their toes from the minute they check in .
`` Trudy 's use of subtle fabrics and soft furnishings in the apartments reflect the sky and ocean , and the clean , uncluttered lines draw the outside in , ” Mr Connor said .
`` Her design style includes attention to the smallest details . She 's delivered stylish , open-plan living areas , modern bathrooms and luxe , comfortable bedrooms that say 'relax , welcome to Noosa ' .
`` The lobby , gym and beachfront pool areas have also been refreshed - from the 'you 'll never want to get up ' new pool lounges , to the casual refreshment bar where you can sip on a latte and take in the view .
`` Tingirana 's beachfront location is an easy stroll to restaurants , cafes , boutiques , surf and ( the Noosa ) National Park . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Whether you 're planning to stay at home and hibernate with the family or party it up with friends over the festive period , you never know when a quick trip to the supermarket might be on the cards .
Over Christmas and the New Year the majority of supermarket giant Sainsbury 's superstores and Local branches will be open .
As Christmas Eve falls on a Sunday most of the retailer 's supermarkets and larger convenience stores will be operating normal Sunday hours - and the same goes for New Year 's Eve .
To make planning your festive grocery trip even easier , we 've put together a handy general guide to Sainsbury 's festive opening hours below , but it is always worth checking details for your local store via the supermarket 's online store finder .
When will Sainsbury 's be open over the festive break ?
( Image : Getty )
Conway Should Be Investigated For Plugging Ivanka Trump Products , Ethics Agency Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway , senior adviser to President Trump , for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump 's daughter Ivanka .
`` Under the present circumstances , there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted , '' Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino .
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning , where they addressed Nordstrom 's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump 's line of products because of what it said were poor sales .
`` Go buy Ivanka 's stuff is what I would tell you . I hate shopping , and I 'm gon na go get some on myself today , '' Conway said .
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing , jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers .
But a boycott of Trump products got underway last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video , in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals , and that appears to have hurt Ivanka 's sales .
Them product line `` was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened , '' says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen . `` They were n't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it . They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer . ''
In recent weeks , several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line , while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores .
`` They 're all just stepping out of the way . They 're saying , 'We do n't want to be in a fight with the president , but we do n't want to be in a fight with our customers either . We 're getting out of the way , ' `` Kniffen says .
`` She has tied themselves to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century . Anyone associated [ with ] Donald Trump is toxic , '' says Eric Schiffer , CEO of Reputation Management Consultants .
But the retailers ' decision did not sit well with President Trump , who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating their daughter `` so unfairly . '' Conway echoed the charge on TV .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later said Conway had been `` counseled '' about their comments . Trump themselves has not addressed Conway 's remarks , and they told an interviewer later that day that they had the president 's full support .
Shaub said in the letter that their office had not received any indication of `` disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms . Conway . ''
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee , Jason Chaffetz , and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings said in a letter that Conway 's comments `` appear to violate federal ethics regulations . ''
Shaub said in their letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules `` prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions . ''
Robert Weissman , president of the liberal group Public Citizen , praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway .
Town & Country magazine had been warning since February that the Trump White House was ill-prepared to pull off its first annual Easter Egg Roll , but on Monday , with drizzly skies and slightly smaller crowds than in years past , some 21,000 lucky guests got to roll wooden eggs on the South Lawn , mix with Trump administration officials , and generally enjoy ( mostly ) the White House tradition . There were a few odd moments , however , like when President Trump gave a short version of this stump speech to the children gathered to celebrate Easter . But `` I think my favorite moment of the White House Easter celebration , '' Trevor Noah said on Monday 's Daily Show , `` is when they played the national anthem for the first family , and watch Melania Trump remind Donald that he 's the president . ''
`` Of course the White House did n't forget the true meaning of Easter , and that is the miraculous resurrection of Kellyanne Conway , '' Noah joked . `` This clip was supposed to be one of their shining moments , but thanks to the music playing in the background , it had a completely different feel . '' It did . `` For me , of all the blunders that happen in this world of Trump , this one strangely seems like the most fitting , '' Noah said , philosophically and a bit darkly . `` Because not only is 'Looney Tunes ' the right theme song for the Trump White House , but the world is probably going to end with Sean Spicer coming out and saying , 'Th-th-th-that 's all , folks ! ' ''
If that puts you in the mood for dark humor , there 's also this recap of Monday 's White House Easter celebration set to the gloomy angst of the Tears for Fears tune `` Mad World . '' And Noah was right — the song really does set the mood . Peter Weber
Monrovia - Elections are going to be risky if the government is doing not intervene , the political leader of the Movement of Progressive Change , Simeon Freeman , has warned .
Report by Edwin G. Genoway - This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
They said the budget of the National Elections Commission is low and it is a worrying concern for all .
They disclosed that the NEC requested for US $ 25 Million for the conduct of the election but the amount was reduced to US $ 20 Million .
They further explained that out of the US $ 20 Million for the NEC , only US $ 8m the NEC has received .
“ Even the US $ 8m that was given to the NEC was given in bit and pieces , ” they said .
“ How do you expect them to operate smoothly when there is no money ?
The printing of ballots papers is very expensive and if the budget issue for the NEC is not solved , it will be used as one of the reasons to postpone the elections . ”
The MPC political leader noted that they are worried about the possibility of the elections being held when the government is ignoring things that could possibly put the elections at risk .
“ The election is at risk if all these distractions created by government is not settled . During the 2011 elections because , this president was a candidate , they did all they could do to curtail violence and that the election is possible , ” they narrated .
Mr. Freeman cited the lack of funds to support the work of NEC .
They made the observation Monday , April 17 , 2017 , at the MPC headquarters in Monrovia . They said the high cost of government 's expenditure is unfavorable to holding elections in the country .
They highlighted the standoff between residents of 72nd Barracks ( Camp Ramrod ) and officials of the Ministry of Defense as a potential threat to the holding of the elections in October 2017 .
Commenting on the allegation that the Chairman of the National Elections Commission , Cllr . Jerome Korkoya , is an American citizen who voted in 2008 that ushered President Barack Obama to the White House , the MPC political leader said any new appointment by the President to replace the current chair of the commission has to go through confirmation and Liberians need to structure themselves in a way to ensure that the elections are held because election issues border on peace and security .
They described calls for Cllr . Korkoya 's resignation as non-issue intended to disrupt the elections , saying government should focus on the funding of the elections which is more important than the call for their resignation .
They noted that President Sirleaf has appointed many people in government that are American , adding that - “ The resignation of Korkoya should be non-issue .
This guy was confirmed by the Senate and has conducted two different elections , why now is all this calls for their resignation in this critical times of elections ? I see all this as distraction for elections not being possible , ” they noted .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Policemen grip their arms and their hair is dishevelled – but teenager Dora Thewlis 's face is defiant .
And when this picture was splashed across the cover of the Daily Mirror , they became an overnight sensation .
It was March 1907 and the 17-year-old mill worker was in the thick of the fight for women to have the right to vote .
Their actions were not in vain . The Representation of the People Act was finally passed on February 6 , 1918 – 100 years ago this Tuesday – giving women in Britain the vote for the first time .
The part played by Dora and others like them was one in the eye for those who tried to belittle the suffragettes ' struggle as a pastime for middle class ladies .
Them arrest and imprisonment and their refusal to kowtow to a magistrate fired the public 's imagination .
The working girl in clogs and shawl became known as the Baby Suffragette .
But while others such as campaign leader Emmeline Pankhurst remain household names , it looks as if Dora simply ­disappeared from history .
Now the Sunday Mirror has tracked down their proud 10 grandchildren – after discovering they emigrated to Australia .
Granddaughter Kerrie Bartholomew , 66 , a retired mum of two in Melbourne , said : “ It is such a shame Nanna has been forgotten in Britain after being so involved in the suffrage movement .
“ She never bragged about their ­achievements . They were a feisty and ­opinionated woman who instilled in all their children and grandchildren a sense of social justice . We are all very proud of their fight to get women the vote .
“ She stood up for women in an age of terrible inequality .
“ Without women like her , we would not have the rights we have today . ”
Dora was born in 1890 , the fifth of seven children of weavers James and Eliza Thewlis , and grew up in the ­Yorkshire mill town Huddersfield .
Like their siblings , they began to work in the mill aged 10 , earning £1 a week .
Dora was ­an intelligent girl and read ­newspapers at seven .
A socialist , they joined Pankhurst 's Women 's Social and Political Union and campaigned for women 's suffrage .
Pankhurst urged women to storm Parliament to demand the vote and Dora volunteered , telling Eliza : “ Let me go , Mother . I 'm quite capable . I ­understand what I 'm fighting for and am prepared to go to prison for the cause .
“ Women ought to have their rights . It will be an honour to go to prison . ”
On March 20 , 1907 , they joined a contingent of Yorkshire women as they travelled by train to London to march to Parliament Square .
Dora was one of 75 women arrested for disorderly conduct and sent to Holloway prison .
( Image : Alamy )
A picture of them being marched away by police officers appeared on the front of the Mirror with the line : ­ “ Suffragettes storm the House – desperate encounter with the police – wholesale arrests . ”
Appearing in court in their mill dress , they defiantly told ­magistrate Horace Smith : “ I do n't wish to go back , sir . I shall remain here as long as the WSPU women want me . ”
They were released after a week in ­solitary . The Mirror 's headline was : “ Baby Suffragette Goes Home. ” They said : “ Do n't call me Baby Suffragette . I am not a baby. ” Them ­notoriety must have had an impact .
Kerrie said : “ Life was not easy for them in Huddersfield . The magistrate implied they should make a new start elsewhere. ” Dora arrived in Melbourne on October 9 , 1912 , with their elder sister Evelyn . Kerrie continued : “ She got work as a blanket weaver and met my grandfather Jack Dow , a horse trainer . ”
The couple married in 1918 , when they were both 28 , and had two children , Mable , in 1919 , and Jack , who was Kerrie 's father , in 1923 .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
There followed 10 grandchildren and 27 great-grandchildren .
Dora died peacefully in their sleep aged 86 . Kerrie said : “ Her last words to me were , ‘ Go and make yourself a cup of tea love , ' in their still broad Yorkshire accent . ”
Grandson Chris , 55 , recalled : “ Once Dad declared they were going to vote ­Conservative and Nanna said , ‘ Jacky , to vote against the Labour party is going against everything your family stood for . They had such fire in their belly , even at 85 . They said it with such ­conviction in her . ”
Their cousin Philip , a retired architect , said : “ She told how they were on the front page of the newspapers when they were being dragged away by the police .
‘ She also told of a photograph of them in clogs and a shawl taken behind bars .
“ She did n't get involved in politics in Australia but they were very outspoken about their political views .
“ The whole family has always been very proud of them Perhaps now the British people will feel equally proud . ”
High flyers of today with a debt to Dora
By Nigel Nelson
These are the women at the top of today 's political tree who reaped the legacy of February 6 , 1918 .
They sit in either Theresa May 's Cabinet – Caroline Nokes and Andrea Leadsom – or Jeremy Corbyn 's shadow Cabinet – Diane Abbott and Shami Chakrabarti , a testament to how far women have come in politics .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : PA )
But they speak of how far they still have to go .
Immigration minister Caroline Nokes said : “ When I arrived in Parliament in 2010 I found attitudes that were really outdated and sexist .
“ It 's better now . There are more woman there , which has certainly helped . But there is still a long way to go . ”
The 1917 Rep­­resentation of the People Act gave women the vote – but they had to be aged 30 and a householder or have a university qualification .
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : PA )
By November that year women could stand as MPs .
The qualifying age for Parliament was 21 – so many could n't vote for themselves .
Shadow Attorney General Baroness Chakrabarti said : “ The 1918 Act excluded working class women from the vote . Even these restricted rights were hard won , not by asking nicely but by feminists imprisoned and tortured by successive right-wing governments . ”
Commons leader Andrea Leadsom , who is heading the review to drive the sex pests out of Parliament , said : “ There 's been great progress for women in the last 100 years , but as recent stories about sexual harassment have shown , we still have a long way to go . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alan Pardew fears a summer scramble for Jonny Evans unless West Brom can tie the defender down on a new deal .
Baggies boss Pardew confirmed the basement club knocked back a £12million deadline day bid from Arsenal for their skipper .
Albion had previously considered selling centre-back Evans in January to free up funds for a new striker .
Arsenal were keen on Evans , 30 , and Man City were previously , but Pardew insisted the Gunners ' offer on Wednesday was instantly dismissed .
Pardew stated throughout the window that Albion would n't let £25m-rated Evans go at the last-minute if they could n't replace him .
( Image : West Bromwich Albion FC )
( Image : REUTERS )
Albion also decided to keep the Northern Ireland international after bringing in Daniel Sturridge on loan from Liverpool to boost their goal-shy attack .
Evans , on £70,000-a-week , will be available on a cut-price £3m release clause if Albion are relegated and they could expect a major pay-rise elsewhere .
But Pardew said yesterday : “ I told them what happened on Wednesday , they understood that , and now in my view we need to sit Jonny down and see if we can get a contract that works for them going forward .
“ If not , in the summer again we 're going to have this situation .
“ That 's something that I will speak to the board about in the next couple of weeks ago .
“ He can only be open to those discussions if the figures are right because the market dictates and we have to understand what those figures would have been elsewhere .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
“ Whether we can reach those figures I do n't know .
“ He 's clinical in terms of their thinking and when they come off the pitch of course he 's effectively CEO of their own company .
“ He decides their own fate . It does n't matter about the team around him , their agent or anyone else .
“ They can say what they like and have an opinion . At the end of the day Jonny Evans says : ‘ this is what I want to do ' and I would like them to sign a new contract at this club but Jonny is the man who makes that decision . ”
Evans missed the midweek Premier League defeat at Man City - who previously tried to buy them last summer - with a hamstring injury .
Ahead of hosting Southampton tomorrow , Pardew refused to confirm whether the defender would be fit to return .
( Image : Stu Forster )
But they said Evans has had no complaints with their stance .
Pardew added : “ It was n't for a lack of warning to the clubs like Arsenal .
“ I sat here every week saying do n't make a bid on the last day unless it was going to knock us off our chair .
“ It was no-where near that .
“ They got the response they were expecting with that bid .
“ Jonny is a very important , a great player and part of the spine of the team and that is what I tried to strengthen in this window . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FERGUSON , MO ( KPLR ) – The issue of the new D.AR.E . vehicle was brought before the Ferguson City Council . Some in the city say the name of the mascot is insensitive to the residents of the city .
D.A.R.E.is the national police program that works with schools and children to prevent drug and alcohol abuse .
The new dare vehicle , is a black Humvee and displays the D.A.R.E . logo and the mascot , Daren the Lion on the vehicle . Some residents say given Ferguson 's recent relationship with police , having a vehicle that looks like a heavy-duty military vehicle as the vehicle that will go into schools and work with children sends the wrong message . Some residents do n't oppose the dare program or what it does in schools , but think the city could have put a little more thought into the message they could potentially be sending with the use of the new vehicle .
BAXTER COUNTY , Ar . – ( 02/14/17 ) Officials arrested a man this morning after they allegedly threatened to kill their wife , and then himself .
61-year-old Tom Turner was booked on a misdemeanor of assault on a family member . The woman , who was able to leave the house , feared for their life as it was believed that their husband was armed with a gun . It took deputies about an hour before convincing Turner to come out of their house , eventually taking them into custody . Their court date has been set for March 30 .
One of central London 's smallest detached homes has been put on the market for the first time in 50 years for a high price – almost three times the UK average .
The pint-sized pad has just 290 sq/ft of floor space and is in need of a full renovation .
But despite the size and condition , the “ gem ” has an asking price of £600,000 .
The property in Britten Street , Chelsea , opens out straight into a reception room , with a doorway leading to the kitchen and shower room .
Stairs lead up to the sole bedroom on the first floor , with a window overlooking St Luke 's Garden .
The home has now been put on the market for the first time since 1969 .
It has an asking price of £600,000 – but when refurbished it could be worth as much as £1 million .
Ed McCulloch , sales manager at Douglas & Gordon in Chelsea , said : “ It is totally unique , a one-off . I 've not seen anything in Chelsea which has a freehold and is smaller .
“ It is going to suit a buyer who wants the space without the management charge of an apartment . It could be a first home or a pied-a-terre .
“ We have had a large number of people expressing interest in it and it has only been on the market for a week . People are looking for something that captures their imagination .
“ Once it is done up , someone might pay as much as £1 million for it , we do n't know – it is unique . ”
The diminutive home also has potential for a roof terrace , subject to planning permission .
LonRes , which analyses the property market in the capital , says the average detached home in prime London is 4,130 sq/ft – which is 14 times the size of the home on Britten Street .
According to Rightmove , there are around 7,500 properties on the market within a one-mile radius of Chelsea .
But just 10 of these are detached properties and they range in value from £1.7 million to £32 million .
Mr McCulloch added : “ We get to see a lot of properties at Douglas & Gordon .
“ One day we may be valuing a small studio flat at £300,000 and the next day it is a £7 million home in Belgravia , but this is certainly one of the most interesting homes .
“ The home sits on the corner of St Luke 's Park which is one of the prettiest parks in Chelsea . ”
Christopher Holland . Courtesy of the Cranston Police Department
By : News Staff
Email : news @ abc6.com
Twitter : @ ABC6
CRANSTON , R.I. ( WLNE ) — Cranston Police have put out an arrest warrant for sex offender Christopher Holland .
Their previous address was 90 Norwood Ave. in Cranston , but has since changed their address without reporting a change in address .
Christopher Holland is a male of medium build and height , and light complexion .
The Cranston Police Dept . requests that anyone with information regarding Holland 's current residential information please contact the Cranston Police Dept at 401-942-2211 .
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
© Photo : Brundage Mountain
© Brundage Mountain
The official start of spring is just a couple days away , but several Idaho ski resort are reporting prime winter skiing conditions after a storm dropped a big helping of fresh snow on the mountain this weekend.the resort said in a news release on Sunday . `` This was a nice surprise and nicely timed , '' said resort spokesperson , April Whitney . `` The forecast had us hoping for six inches and to get a foot and a half of light , January-style powder is always a pleasant surprise . `` Brundage Mountain now has a snowbase ranging from 65 to 99 inches . `` Locals know that March can be one of the best powder months of the season , '' added Whitney . `` So it 's fun when a great storm like this hits on a weekend so more people can enjoy it . There is definitely plenty of powder up here to go around . `` The dumping of late season snow comes as a welcome relief , especially for Bogus Basin , which had struggled with low snowfall earlier in the season .
NEW BRITAIN , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Police have released the name the elderly man involved in a crash with a Connecticut State Police officer in New Britain on Sunday .
According to police , 88-year-old Arthur Jordan of New Britain was backing out of a driveway on Farmington Avenue when their vehicle collided with a Trooper riding a motorcycle .
The officer was ejected from the motorcycle and sustained life-threatening injuries . Jordan suffered minor injuries . Both men were treated at an area hospital following the incident .
New Britain Police are investigating the incident . They ask anyone with information regarding the crash to contact them at ( 860 ) 826-3071 .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street star Richard Hawley has admitted it was a `` privilege '' to be a part of a new soap storyline - after their character revealed they have multiple sclerosis this week .
Viewers recently saw Johnny Connor , played by Hawley , call off their wedding to Jenny Bradley whilst hiding their illness from friends and family .
Actor Hawley , 61 , has been working with the MS Society to make the storyline realistic and has met and become friends with MS sufferer Richard Bones .
They admitted the storyline , which Corrie are putting a lot of resources into , has changed their outlook on life .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
`` It 's kind of a great privilege really and a really quite big journey which is still getting deeper in some ways , '' said the actor during an appearance on ITV 's Lorraine .
`` All the resources have gone into it really . I knew it was going to be a story thats multifacited . It 's not just about they exteriors , it 's about they interiors that go on . It 's a diagnosis he 's lived with for two decades . ''
The actor spent a lot of time with MS sufferer Richard Bones and their wife Jan , and revealed it was storylines like this that they joined Corrie for .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
They said : `` One of the first conversations I had with Richard was specifically about men being able to go to the doctors and ask for help . It 's difficult with the story as its compressed .
`` Johnny has gone into denial , done all the wrong things in some way , put all their happiness on hold and isolated himself .
`` But when you get a diagnosis you go into denial . It 's about accepting yourself I think . ''
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
On last night 's episode they finally shared their secret with daughter Kate , saying : “ I 've got multiple sclerosis . It turns out I have had the symptoms for years I just did n't realise it . I wo n't destroy another woman I love . I do n't want Jenny to be my carer . ”
Asked about how the storyline had affected them personally they said : “ Yes , it has changed me , I take lessons from what I have learned . I feel really enriched by the whole experience . Once you are through the diagnosis you get on with your life and in someways it feels like life but slightly supercharged .
“ There is an end for all of us and there is probably some illness and pain . As you get older various bits and bobs go wrong .
“ My dad had Alzheimer 's and dementia and there is something out there waiting for us all .
“ But from speaking with the MS Society I have learned you should try to get on with building creatively and positively and try to be courageous .
“ And I have tried to do a bit more and enjoy where I am and be engaged with life .
“ We are in a time where life is about hope not fear , and caring for one another .
“ MS is not a great thing but it helps people to treasure the preciousness of life and trying to keep going forward . ”
It 's estimated that there are more than 120,000 people diagnosed with MS in the UK . It is a condition which can affect the brain and/or spinal cord , causing a wide range of potential symptoms , including problems with vision , arm or leg movement , sensation or balance .
Hawley first learned of the MS storyline for their character Johnny at the start of the year .
Show boss Kate Oates is planning on the illness storyline continuing for the long term on screen as Johnny slowly comes to terms with the illness and more people find out they have it .
Hawley added : “ The first thing Kate said was it is not an exit story , which I sort of knew because it is not that rapid unless it is a severe case . Johnny 's type is relapsing and remitting . They have had it actually for at least two decades they realise .
“ It is a massive upheaval for them and you can go into emotional lockdown .
“ But this is kind of just the start . You do n't get rid of it so whatever goes on , it will partially be there in the background . My view is of course it changes you and the way you approach your life .
“ Johnny shuts down and does n't want anyone to know .
“ The future is there is going to be turmoil , redemption , happiness and sadness as ever .
“ The imagined future for me is it is really useful to see someone adjust to various aspects of life .
( Photo : WireImage )
`` I know the character who is one who needs work , you can hide a lot in work . ”
After working with the MS Society the actor has stayed in touch with Richard Bones and they hope their performance will do justice to the research and conversations they have had .
Hawley added : “ One of the first things I talked about with Richard was being a man and how difficult vulnerability can be as a man , to ask for help and to change the way they are thinking .
“ It sort of about identity and people who have MS say ‘ I have got MS but MS doesnt have me ' . So it is about defining yourself .
“ One of the things is it you are partly representing someone 's life so I want to do it well .
“ It is not just the exterior it is how you feel when something happens to you and the impact it has on the others around you . It is a good , deep honest and nurtured story . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Thai woman was electrocuted at a New Year foam party weeks before a UK visit with their British husband .
Supaporn Beddoes , 25 , was celebrating the Songkran , known as Thai New Year , at an outdoor party in Udon Thani , northern Thailand when they were killed in front of horrified revellers on April 11 .
They were splashing around in a foam pool when powerful spotlights melted wires which connected with the liquid and parked a massive electricity surge .
Tragically , Supaporn had been due to arrive in the UK in June for a dream holiday with husband Michael , 36 , at their home in Felixstowe , Suffolk .
( Photo : Viral Press )
Heartbroken Michael , a painter and decorator , had been married to Supaporn for six years and has now flown out to Thailand for their funeral .
They said : `` I still ca n't believe it . It 's like a dream . You never think it will happen to you , just something you read about .
`` She had just wanted to go out and have a night out like anyone else during the Thai New Year .
( Photo : Viral Press )
`` Now she 's dead . They were just 25 , it 's too young to die . We had our whole lives ahead of us and they were so excited about coming to England .
`` I was at home when I had the call from their mum . Them family are devastated . Them mum has not taken it well and their grandfather is hardly eating or sleeping . It 's so sad , unbelievable .
`` When you look at where the foam party had been happening and the wires it 's just disgraceful . If this had happened in England , the guy would be in prison . ''
( Photo : Viral Press )
( Photo : Viral Press )
Supapron 's grieving mother Duangchai Saengchart , 47 , says they were offered 20,000 baht ( £461 ) compensation from the party organisers after the death of their daughter .
But they refused and demanded police investigate the accident and prosecute the organiser of the event .
Lt. Col. Wattana Mee Thonglang said that the cause of the accident was spotlights that had been left running for several hours which then melted the wires .
( Photo : Viral Press )
( Photo : Viral Press )
They said the power cord then fell down and touched the metal supporting pole for the lights which was in contact with the wet foam .
Lt. Col. Thonglang added : `` We have investigated the scene of the incident and we have interrogated the organisers . We have asked them to acknowledge the allegations of negligence .
`` We will look after the family of the deceased and assist with negotiations with the family about compensation. ``
April marks sexual assault awareness and prevention month and the military has focused much effort on its prevention and care for victims of sexual assault . One program lauded as an innovative approach to victim support is the U.S. Navy 's Victims ' Legal Counsel Program .
Lt. Cmdr . Mary R. Murphy , a military lawyer with the Navy 's Judge Advocate General 's Corps , was chosen as one of the Navy 's Victims ' Legal Counsel ( VLC ) in their hometown of Norfolk to carry-on this new program . Murphy provides legal services to eligible victims of sexual offenses , including assistance and advocacy in the investigative and military justice processes . The VLC Program became fully operational on Jan. 1 , 2014 and now consists of 33 specially trained judge advocates in 25 fleet locations around the world .
Murphy started their career as an attorney at Naval Legal Service Office Mid-Atlantic providing legal assistance , tax assistance , and defense services in the Hampton Roads area after having earned their juris doctor from the College of William and Mary . They went on to be an action officer at the Administrative Law Division of the Office of the Judge Advocate General where they worked in the personnel law division and the standards of conduct division in Arlington , Virginia . They returned to Norfolk to serve as the Department Head of the Legal Assistance Department at Naval Legal Service Office Mid-Atlantic . In 2011 , they left Hampton Roads for Corpus Christi , Texas where they served as the Staff Judge Advocate for the Chief of Naval Air Training and the Officer in Charge of the Region Legal Service Office Southeast Branch Office in Corpus Christi . In September 2013 , Murphy was personally selected by the Judge Advocate General of the Navy to serve as a VLC and they reported to their new position in June 2014 . In January 2017 , Naval Legal Service Command awarded their Victims ' Legal Counsel of the Year for their service in 2016 .
“ The Navy is committed to protecting the rights and interests of victims of sexual assault and ensuring the administration of a fair , transparent and efficient military justice system that guarantees due process for the accused and promotes good order and discipline , ” said Vice Adm. James Crawford III , Judge Advocate General of the Navy .
The Navy implemented the VLC Program to offer a military attorney to represent and assist victims of sexual offenses . VLC assist victims with legal decisions ; represent them in military courts ; advocate on their behalf to investigators , commanders , and prosecutors ; and provide other legal advice and assistance connected to the sexual offense . VLC operate independently and are not within the chain of command of the offender , the victim or prosecutors . Since the Program 's inception , Navy VLC have assisted more than 2,780 victims around the world ( as of April 2017 ) .
“ The benefits provided by the VLC Program ca n't be overstated . The legal process can be overwhelming and frankly , confusing – especially for people who have experienced the trauma of sexual assault . The rights afforded to victims are not always transparent , nor are the choices that accompany these rights . We help them navigate the legal process and find their voice which can be very empowering . For me , working as a VLC in the largest fleet concentration and my hometown is an ideal job . I help the servicemembers and families stationed in Hampton Roads . In turn , I have seen how the local VLC Program benefits both the Navy and the local community ; this has been extremely rewarding for me both professionally and personally . ” said Murphy .
The VLC Program helps victims understand the investigative and military justice processes , which can sometimes become overwhelming to a victim .
“ Having served in this billet since its inception and for just shy of three years , I have had the opportunity to assist over 100 victims . There have definitely been some high points and some low points , but the job has been extremely rewarding . I have been extremely fortunate to work with excellent attorneys – my fellow VLC , trial counsel , the judges , and defense counsel – their professionalism and commitment to ensuring a fair process is inspiring . In addition , I have had the privilege of representing some pretty remarkable clients . Their strength and resiliency is inspiring . The emotional impact these cases have on my clients and peers has definitely informed my practice and ability to lead . Another unique benefit of this position is that my appreciation of the legal process has grown exponentially . I am responsible for explaining the process to my clients and how the process unfolds ; sometimes , I find myself explaining our legal system at its most basic level so they can understand why and how our legal system works. ” said Murphy .
Murphy is making an impact on the world as a Navy lawyer .
NEWS INFO Date Taken : 04.01.2017 Date Posted : 04.17.2017 13:30 Story ID : 230598 Location : US Hometown : NORFOLK , VA , US Web Views : 3 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Norfolk , Virginia native joins innovative advocacy efforts in the U.S. Navy for victims of sexual assault , by Natalie Morehouse , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Russia 's Presidential Election Observers Were Pressured And Intimidated
Enlarge this image toggle caption OLGA MALTSEVA/AFP/Getty Images OLGA MALTSEVA/AFP/Getty Images
As Vladimir Putin won a fourth term on Sunday , reports have surfaced of election observers being harassed and intimidated that day and in the days leading up to the vote .
More than 1,300 foreigners reportedly served as election monitors in the presidential election which took place on March 18 and yielded a predicted win for Putin . Many observers came from places and political backgrounds that are friendly to the Russian government in an attempt `` to create an international stamp of approval for the vote , '' reported The Guardian .
Sputnik , a Kremlin-backed news outlet , reported that observers judged the election to be `` fair and transparent . '' But numerous independent media outlets found observers who said they saw violations .
A month before Russia 's presidential election , observer David Kankiya was informed by the police that their car may have been used to commit a crime , Reuters reported . They were detained , charged with disobeying police and sent to jail for five days . `` I was detained and charged on a false pretext , '' Kankiya told the news agency . `` It 's political pressure . ''
Police say Kankiya did n't produce identification during a routine check .
As the presidential election drew closer , Kankiya 's car tires were slashed and pro-Kremlin journalists accosted them in two separate incidents , they told Reuters .
Kankiya is a coordinator at Golos , a non-governmental election watchdog that was labeled a `` foreign agent '' because it received foreign aid . Volunteers from Golos — a word which translates to both `` vote '' and `` voice '' — say when entering or leaving Russia , they are often stopped by border staff who accuse them of having terrorist links , according to Reuters .
Before the election , a Golos representative told The Guardian that police ripped up a contract to lease office space . The location was supposed to be a call center to receive reports of election violations . The representative said that police officers threatened the landlord of the building : `` You should n't hold this event here or you 'll have trouble . '' The Russian government denied involvement .
Police also attempted to stop activist observers from visiting polling stations , The Guardian reported . The officers raided headquarters of opposition figure Alexei Navalny , who was banned from the election , and they tried to seize documents that would give observers access to polling locations .
On the day of the election , indications that some observers were targeted cropped up . `` Spoke to more observers who got beaten up by a mobile gang of toughs at polling stations , '' tweeted Financial Times Moscow correspondent Max Seddon . They described some of the election observers who were harmed :
By the end of the day , Golos said it registered more than 1,500 violations . There were ballot boxes that had papers in them before polls officially opened and video footage of ballot boxes being stuffed , according to Golos .
There were also reports that concerned the treatment of observers , including denying them access to polling stations , restricting them from taking photos and videos , limiting their ability to move around premises and removing them from polling stations .
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which requested 420 short-term observers to monitor polling stations , voting , ballot counts and results , will issue a final report of the entire electoral process in about eight weeks .
At a conference in Moscow on Monday , an OSCE election monitor described the presidential election as `` overly controlled . ''
`` Where the legal framework restricts many fundamental freedoms and the outcome is not in doubt , elections almost lose their purpose , '' said Michael Georg Link , director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights who led OSCE observers .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The parents of a toddler left permanently brain damaged after being shot with an air rifle have written to ministers to encourage tighter air gun controls .
Three-year-old Harry Studley will be disabled for the rest of their life after Jordan Walters shot the youngster , who was 18 months old at the time , with a rifle to “ shut them up ” .
The Home Office has written to Harry 's parents to confirm it will be reviewing air weapon safety after the boy 's father , Ed Studley , vowed to campaign for stronger regulation .
The Hartcliffe family and Bristol South MP Karin Smyth have called for a licensing scheme similar to one recently introduced in Scotland , placing conditions on the safe storage of the weapons and the introduction of trigger guards to stop accidental firing .
Mr Studley , in their letter to ministers , said : “ Existing controls are not enough . We need trigger locks , secure cords and lockable cabinets to prevent tragic incidents like what happened to Harry .
( Image : Ed Studley )
“ If there 's licensing in place , it will be policed better and take more of these harmful weapons off our streets . The way they have rolled out this law in Scotland is the way forward for England and Wales . We want to ensure that everyone in England and Wales are fully protected . ''
In February last year family neighbour Walters , who was 24 at the time , was jailed for two years after admitting causing grievous bodily harm .
Doctors said it was a miracle Harry survived after Walters ' pellet struck the right side of the younger 's head on July 1 , 2016 .
But despite their life being saved , they have been left partially sighted , suffers memory loss and has daily post-traumatic seizures . Harry still has a pellet lodged in their brain and health experts have since told their family they will `` never be seizure-free '' .
The family has previously complained that Walters ' sentence was “ not good enough ” , given they were released on parole from their two-year sentence last July .
Labour MP Ms Smyth has also written to police and fire minister , Nick Hurd , asking them to “ very carefully consider ” the licensing rules in England and Wales in light of the change to the law in Scotland .
They said : “ Children in Bristol should be afforded the same level of security as children in Scotland .
“ Those who have a legitimate reason to purchase , possess and use an air gun will be able to retain ownership and would simply need to apply for a licence . ”
The law currently forbids those aged under 18 from possessing air guns unless supervised by someone over the age of 21 or on a private premises with the consent of the occupier . However , there are currently no licensing requirements .
Download the Bristol Post app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app .
New licencing regulation was introduced in Scotland in 2016 , with 4,000 air weapons handed in as part of an amnesty ahead of the licensing coming in .
While fatal air weapon shootings are rare , at least four children have died in the UK as a result of air weapon shootings since 2005 – including 13-year-old Ben Wragge from Suffolk , whose death and the subsequent coroner 's report has helped inform the Government review .
( Image : Avon and Somerset Police )
Nick Hurd , minister for policing and the fire service , confirmed the review in December , saying they intended to “ look carefully at the existing controls on air weapons ” , including “ how best to ensure that these weapons are stored safely and securely ” .
The review , which is due to conclude at the end of the year , will ask for views on :
The storage and safe-keeping of air weapons , including possible requirements for increased security ( e.g . trigger locks or locked cabinets )
Whether further measures are needed on manufacturing standards to prevent accidental discharge of air weapons or to prevent modification of air weapons post-sale in order to increase their power ; and
Evidence from Scotland and Northern Ireland , where air weapons are subject to a licensing regime
The Home Office is in the process of writing to families who have raised the issue of air weapon legislation with their MPs , as well as police forces , relevant charities and representative bodies such as the RSPCA , the Gun Control Network , the British Shooting Sports Council and the Gun Trade Association .
Deadly Tropical Storm Nate Threatens U.S. Gulf Coast
Enlarge this image toggle caption INTI OCON/AFP/Getty Images INTI OCON/AFP/Getty Images
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast , which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday .
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America , where several people have died .
In Nicaragua , the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday , while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing , according to Vice President Rosario Murillo . Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there , reports The Associated Press , and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate 's storm system .
In Costa Rica , officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths , AP says . Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall .
In Honduras , two young people drowned in a swollen river , while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide , reports Reuters .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Moises Castillo/AP Moises Castillo/AP
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph . It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph , but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico .
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana , including New Orleans , while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch .
toggle caption National Hurricane Center
Louisiana Gov . John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate 's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare `` a pre-landfall state of emergency . ''
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning , but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening . Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas , with storm surge of up to six feet .
It has been a devastating hurricane season , and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet ; the season continues until the end of November .
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria 's aftermath . Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate , some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps , which have already undergone damage .
`` We do n't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water , '' Edwards said . But they added , `` I 'm not going to tell you I am not concerned . ''
Like tin cans on a stump , the sexual harassers in Congress and other parts of public life are getting shot off their perches . Now that Capitol Hill has passed new rules and laws banning this sort of behavior , federal contractors could be next . Larry Allen , president of Allen Federal Business Partners , shares all the details on Federal Drive with Tom Temin .
Subscribe to Federal Drive 's daily audio interviews on iTunes or PodcastOne .
A popular tourist attraction in central London has been accused of mocking people with facial disfigurements and making sexist comments after posting “ crass and deeply offensive ” messages online .
The London Dungeon sparked controversy with a series of posts on its Twitter account promoting its ‘ Dark Valentine ' campaign .
One of the posts stated : “ Did you fall from heaven ? Because it looks like you landed on your face . ”
The Changing Faces charity , which supports people with facial and other disfigurements , said the London Dungeon and its owner Merlin Entertainment had “ upset ” many of its clients .
Dr James Partridge OBE , the charity 's chief executive , said : “ One in 111 people in the UK have a severe facial disfigurement .
“ Are these people and their families not welcome at the London Dungeon ? Because that seems like a very odd approach to marketing . ”
They added : “ To mock people who have an unusual appearance is not acceptable , and we want the London Dungeon to remove the tweet and to publicly apologise for the upset they have caused .
“ People who have disfigurements experience staring , name-calling and worse every day , and when companies like this join in , it makes daily lives even more difficult . ”
The charity said it had written to the chief executive of Merlin Entertainment , which also runs the London Eye and Madame Tussauds .
Dr Partridge aded : “ Should people who have a disfigurement expect to be mocked at these venues too ? ”
Further posts on the attraction 's social media account were accused of being sexist and misogynistic .
One read : “ I love a girl that 's a good eater . Female translation : you 're fat . ”
And another stated : “ What 's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute ? Your job still sucks . ”
A spokesperson for Merlin said all the posts had been deleted from its Facebook and Twitter accounts .
They said : “ We apologise that our social posts caused offence . Our ‘ Dark Valentine ' campaign was a range of posts aimed to highlight the darker side of history and create debate and conversation .
“ As a brand , we strive to entertain our guests so they can enjoy the London Dungeon experience – both in our attraction and on social media .
“ However , on this occasion we recognise that some of the topics many felt were inappropriate and therefore we apologise for any offence caused . ”
HARTFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) – Senator Richard Blumenthal said airline passengers deserve to have clear and specific rights . They hope the viral video of a man being dragged off an overbooked United Airlines flight will help them get backing for a bill to protect passengers . Senator Blumenthal said , “ There ought to be a bar against police going onto airplanes and removing passengers unless it 's for health and safety . ”
Bruce Bissell told NEWS8 , “ I have to believe that they could 've done something differently . That was way excessive. ” Passengers said there needs to be a change . I think it 's reasonable . There 's got to be some valid reason and they have to be able to compensate you or get you on another flight to get where you need to be in a reasonable period of time , ” said Bissell .
Senator Blumenthal added the current law permits airlines to offer up to $ 1,350 to passengers who are bumped . They want to change that . The Senator told NEWS8 , “ Anybody who is bumped as a result of overbooking will receive thousands of dollars not hundreds. ” Peter Sullivan added , “ Overbooking so that they can protect the profit . The passenger should n't bear that risk . They should get compensated . ”
Senator Blumenthal said passengers should be notified of overbooking before they go to the airport . Some said after seeing the man forcefully removed from their seat they do n't look forward to flying . Angela Juliana said , “ I would n't want to fly now after seeing something like that. ” Sullivan added , “ It 's hard to travel . It 's expensive . Time is precious and anything that makes it harder to do that is not good . ”
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool faces a fight to sign highly-rated midfielder Christian Pulisic .
The 19-year-old Borussia Dortmund star is wanted by a host of European clubs and is expected to move on this summer .
Liverpool is hopeful of securing a deal but will face competition from Bayern Munich and Manchester United , according to Mundo Deportivo .
The American is contracted until 2020 and the German giants are desperate to keep the player at the club .
Having lost Ousmane Dembele last summer , and with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang joining Arsenal , they are aware that they are now their biggest asset .
( Image : AFP/Getty Images )
7 things we spotted from Liverpool training
Revenge is a dish best served cold - and it looks very chilly on a Friday evening in Liverpool .
Luckily Liverpool is in the mood to make amends this season . After being trounced 5-0 by Manchester City in September they repaid the favour by ending Pep Guardiola 's unbeaten run with a 4-3 reverse back at Anfield .
And now for the next opportunity to right a wrong .
( Image : Liverpool FC )
After being trounced 4-1 by Spurs at Wembley - a game Dejan Lovren would like to forget - they now have a chance to make things better against the North Londonders at Anfield on Sunday afternoon .
While some Premier League training grounds were a hive of activity on transfer deadline day , at Liverpool it was very much business as usual .
With no new arrivals it 's left to the current squad to make amends .
And from the looks of these training pictures , they 're hungry to do just that .
Which leads us to our first point ... click here for the 7 observations
Liverpool title `` dream '' over but top 4 finish WOULD be success
Jurgen Klopp claims a top four finish this season would be a success .
Even before their countryman Didi Hamann became the latest Anfield old boy suggesting they need a trophy to avoid the sack , the German was aware of the brutal demands a Liverpool boss faces .
Yet Klopp is also a pragmatist who knows that , despite their history , their club has no divine right to success any more ... and is now placed firmly behind the bigger-spending aristocrats of Manchester 's United and City , Chelsea and Arsenal in the pecking order of English football .
That is why they talk of winning the title being the dream they start with every season , when finishing ahead of at least two clubs who spend more than Liverpool on wages is a more realistic marker of success in football 's nuclear arms race .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty )
Liverpool name Nathaniel Clyne in their squad for Champions League knockout stages
A home win over rivals Tottenham on Sunday , in a game they cheerfully admit is a “ six-pointer ” would take them a step closer to that goal this season , and they said : “ Top four , for sure , is a success .
“ When you start a season , you can dream of something and you have to make a realistic target as well . I think being champion is probably the dream — not only at Liverpool , but especially at Liverpool .
“ Because of the season City is playing , that is quite difficult . Then I would prefer to be second if you can not be first . But if you are second , third or fourth at the end of the season , when you look back all three positions are good — and similarly difficult to reach .
“ Arsenal are not out of it . Tottenham is behind all of us at the moment , but only a couple of points . So it is tough to be top four . ”
The Raptors have some history on their side . Since the NBA expanded to 16 teams in 1984 , only five No . 8 seeds have upset top seeds in the opening round of the playoffs . But in three of the past four years , the eighth seed has pushed the opening round series to six games . Washington versus Toronto is the fourth .
As Casey has pointed out , since the series tipped off , however , Washington is n't a typical No . 8 seed . All-star guard John Wall missed half the season with a knee injury , returning a couple of weeks before the playoffs began — and they look like they never left .
`` To come and think this was gon na be an easy series , I said it before it even started , it 's gon na be a nip-and-tuck dogfight for seven games , like a lot of other series around the Eastern Conference , '' Casey said . `` The Eastern Conference is a very balanced conference , a lot of even teams . You put John Wall on this team for 82 games and I guarantee they would n't be eighth . ''
Still , Casey said there are numerous facets of their game the Raptors must clean up , particularly unforced and uncharacteristic turnovers . They had 18 on Sunday that led to 19 points for the Wizards .
`` We had 10 turnovers ( that were ) just bad passes , '' Casey said — and to demonstrate their point , they joked with a reporter in one lighthearted moment of the team 's media availability .
`` I see ( the reporter ) over there and I just throw it over here — and not because I know ( the reporter ) could n't do anything with it if they caught it — but just uncharacteristic things that are unexplainable , '' Casey said . `` Guys they see it , they know it ... it 's things we can control that just making the obvious right pass , right decisions with the ball , and then once you catch it , be decisive . ''
After finishing last in the league in assists last season , the Raptors climbed to sixth this season .
Casey said players turned down wide-open shots , particularly late in the game , which contributed to DeRozan forcing shots .
`` Let 'em fly . C.J . Miles , Delon Wright , they 've got to let those shots fly , '' Casey said . `` I do n't care if you miss six or seven of them , if they 're in the shot spectrum , they 're your shots . You 've got to shoot those shots . Because , you turn down that shot ... we turned down one corner three and it turned into a layup for them because of a bad pass . ''
Wright , who shot 37 per cent from three-point range in the regular-season , said they were one of the worst culprits .
`` Yeah , two . Two for sure . Probably could be more , I do n't know , '' Wright said . `` But yeah for sure , two , threes that I passed up that I should 've taken . And I already knew I should 've . ''
If there was a plus side to the Raptors ' Game 4 loss , Casey said they liked the edge their team played with for most of the game that was sorely lacking in Game 3 . The Raptors raced out to an early double-digit lead , and would n't relinquish it until the third quarter .
`` I did like the fight , '' Casey said . `` I thought we came out with the right intensity , right mindset of playing hard , physical . ''
Macron Awards U.S . Climate Scientists Grants To 'Make Our Planet Great Again '
toggle caption Michel Euler/AP
French President Emmanuel Macron , in a not-so-subtle jab at President Trump , has awarded long-term research grants to 18 climate scientists — 13 of them U.S.-based researchers — to relocate to France and pursue their work with the blessing of a government that does n't cast doubt on the threat of climate change .
The announcement Monday makes good on a pledge Macron made earlier this year after the U.S. pulled out of the Paris climate accord to offer France as a `` second homeland '' to climate researchers in order to `` make our planet great again . ''
Macron 's appeal produced 1,822 applicants , nearly two-thirds from the United States . Candidates had to have a proven track record on climate research and propose a project that would take three to five years to complete . That period roughly matches Trump current term in office .
Trump has proposed cuts in federal funding for scientific research . As Macron told the winners of the French grants , `` we will be there to replace '' U.S. support for climate research .
One of the winners , Camille Parmesan of the University of Texas at Austin , told the Associated Press that the French offer `` gave me such a psychological boost , to have that kind of support , to have the head of state saying I value what you do . ''
Parmesan studies the impact of climate change on wild plants and animals and will pursue their research at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees .
Another winner , Louis A. Derry , professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell University told the Washington Post :
`` For me , the chance to work on some very exciting science questions with my French colleagues and not be so dependent on the crazy stuff that goes on in Congress and with the current administration is honestly very attractive . But it can be embarrassing to try and explain what is going on at home right now . ''
The amount of money awarded to climate researchers was n't immediately disclosed . Senior researchers were eligible for grants up to $ 1.7 million .
Macron 's announcement comes a day before a bigger international meeting on the global climate opens in Paris on Tuesday . Dubbed the `` One Planet Summit '' and co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank , the meeting will bring together more than 50 world leaders seeking to re-energize the Paris accords . Trump will not be among them .
PITTSBURGH — Jaylen Adams poured in a career-high 40 points , including a 3-pointer with five seconds remaining , to lift St. Bonaventure to an 84-81 victory over Duquesne on Saturday .
Adams connected on 14 of 22 shots from the floor , including a career-high eight 3-pointers on 13 attempts for the Bonnies ( 16-6 , 6-4 Atlantic 10 Conference ) . Adams added seven assists — two on 3-pointers — giving them a hand in 56 of the Bonnies ' 84 points . Matt Mobley added 19 points and Courtney Stockard chipped in with 10 points , six rebounds and five assists .
Tarin Smith scored 24 for the Dukes ( 15-9 , 6-5 ) and their only 3-pointer came with 42 seconds left to knot the score at 81 . Duquesne nearly went to overtime for a fourth straight home game . The Dukes beat La Salle in triple overtime , followed that with a double-OT win over George Mason , before falling in overtime to Richmond .
Rene Castro-Caneddy added 21 points for the Dukes , who have already topped last season 's overall win total ( 10 ) and A-10 wins ( three ) under first-year coach Keith Dambrot .
Pharma companies are currently allowed to raise the prices of non-scheduled drugs by 10 % annually . Photo : Bloomberg
The prospect of more government interference in setting prices in the medical sector is disheartening . Currently , pharma companies are allowed to raise the prices of non-scheduled drugs by 10 % annually . Now , the government is considering linking the prices of such drugs to the wholesale price index .
There has been a rash of such dubious decision-making of late . The cap on coronary stent prices aside , the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has also capped the prices of orthopaedic implants and expanded the list of scheduled drugs whose prices are capped .
Disincentivising companies in an area where vigorous competition serves as a check and long-term capital investment is necessary for research and development is lazy policymaking at best . Past experience shows that this backfires . The government would do better to focus on improving healthcare supply to check profiteering by some private hospitals . Improving access to medical insurance as Modicare aims to do and bulk procurement of drugs via government orders to secure better prices are also better solutions .
Question : I 've seen some headlines about the bank stress tests in the past few weeks . I own a few bank stocks . What does this mean to me ?
Answer : Remember how during the 2008 financial crisis many banks were being referred to as `` too big to fail '' ? Well , the stress tests are designed to ensure that any bank that is too big to fail does n't fail – under any circumstances .
The stress tests apply to all banks over a certain size . In 2017 and prior years , the threshold has been $ 50 billion in assets . Recent rollbacks of banking regulations have increased the threshold to $ 100 billion for 2018 , and this will gradually rise to $ 250 billion over the coming years .
The tests are designed to discover what would happen to the nation 's largest banks in the event of a severe global recession , which is defined as negative 7.5 percent GDP growth over seven quarters , 10 percent unemployment , a 65 percent drop in stock prices and a few other pretty terrible conditions .
For investors , aside from learning how well-capitalized each bank is , the most important thing the stress tests do is determine whether or not each bank 's capital plan is approved by the Federal Reserve . In other words , these large banks ( formally referred to as systemically important financial institutions , or SIFIs ) need the Fed 's approval before paying dividends or buying back shares with their capital .
Finally , it 's important to mention that while there are minimum capital levels that need to be maintained under adverse conditions , there 's no pass/fail threshold when it comes to the capital plans . In other words , it 's entirely possible for a bank to pass the stress test and still have its capital plan rejected .
More : Banks clear Fed 's doomsday stress test , but investors await word on their payouts
More : Why was General Electric removed from Dow Jones industrial average ? Ask a Fool
More : Now that interest rates are rising , should I keep more money in cash ? Ask a Fool
Recently have tightened lending standards for consumers .
AP
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news , analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives . Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY .
Offer from the Motley Fool : Offer from The Motley Fool : The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market . In fact , the newsletter they run , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the S & P 500 ! *
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now .
Click here to get access to the full list !
* Stock Advisor returns as of June 4 , 2018 .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Premier League season draws towards the natural conclusion of Manchester City winning the title but as a slight intermission there is an international break .
Stars from each of the top six sides will jet off all around the world to represent their countries as preparations for the World Cup hoy up .
Wales travel to China , while the likes of Argentina and their English-based contingent are coming over here to wow the crowds and keep the airmiles out of their legs .
But which top six side will be travelling the furthest during this break ?
Mirror Football has totted up the distances from each player 's home stadium to the ground their nations are playing at and back with some interesting results ...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Manchester City - 36,604miles
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Yaya Toure - Ivory Coast vs Togo and Moldova - 1540miles
Ilkay Gundogan - Germany vs Spain and Brazil - 2474miles
Leroy Sané - Germany vs Spain and Brazil - 2474miles
Kyle Walker - England vs Holland and Italy - 1108miles
John Stones - England vs Holland and Italy - 1108miles
Raheem Sterling - England vs Holland and Italy - 1108miles
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Kevin De Bruyne - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 792miles
Bernardo Silva - Portugal vs Egypt and Holland - 2870miles
David Silva - Spain vs Germany and Argentina - 3094miles
Fernandinho - Brazil vs Russia and Germany - 5250miles
( Image : Getty Images )
Nicolas Otamendi - Argentina vs Italy and Spain - 2144miles
Ederson - Brazil vs Russia and Germany - 5250miles
Gabriel Jesus - Brazil vs Russia and Germany - 5250miles
Sergio Aguero - Argentina vs Italy and Spain - 2144miles
Manchester United - 36,205miles
( Image : Man Utd/Getty )
Eric Bailly - Ivory Coast vs Togo and Moldova - 1540miles
Nemanja Matic - Serbia vs Morocco and Nigeria - 2066miles
David De Gea - Spain vs Germany and Argentina - 2096miles
Victor Lindelof - Sweden vs Chile and Romania - 5518miles
Marcos Rojo - Argentina vs Italy and Spain - 2148miles
( Image : AFP )
Paul Pogba - France vs Colombia and Russia - 4234miles
Alexis Sanchez - Chile vs Sweden and Denmark - 4184miles
Romelu Lukaku - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 794miles
Marouane Fellaini - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 794miles
Anthony Martial - France vs Colombia and Russia - 4234miles
Ashley Young - England vs Holland and Italy - 1114miles
( Image : EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock )
Jesse Lingard - England vs Holland and Italy - 1114miles
Marcus Rashford - England vs Holland and Italy - 1114miles
Sergio Romero - Argentina vs Italy and Spain - 2148miles
Matteo Darmian - Italy vs Argentina and England - 352miles
Scott McTominay - Scotland vs Costa Rica and Hungary - 2758miles
Liverpool - 44,630miles
( Image : AFP )
Simon Mignolet - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 830miles
Emre Can - Germany vs Spain and Brazil - 2582miles
Jordan Henderson - England vs Holland and Italy - 1200miles
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Adam Lallana - England vs Holland and Italy - 1200miles
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain - England vs Holland and Italy - 1200miles
( Image : Reuters )
Joe Gomez - England vs Holland and Italy - 1200miles
Ben Woodburn - Wales vs China - 11546miles
Roberto Firmino - Brazil vs Russia and Germany - 5358miles
Andy Robertson - Scotland vs Costa Rica and Hungary - 2802miles
Georginio Wijnaldum - Holland vs England and Portugal - 2284miles
Mo Salah - Egypt vs Portugal and Greece - 1482miles
( Image : REUTERS )
Ragnar Klavan - Estonia vs Armenia and Georgia - 8910miles
Sadio Mane - Senegal vs Uzbekistan and Bosnia - 4036miles
Tottenham - 24,396miles
( Image : Getty )
Dele Alli - England vs Holland and Italy - 506miles
Eric Dier - England vs Holland and Italy - 506miles
Danny Rose - England vs Holland and Italy - 506miles
Kieran Trippier - England vs Holland and Italy - 506miles
( Image : AFP )
Serge Aurier - Ivory Coast vs Togo and Moldova - 657 miles
Jan Vertonghen - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 227miles
Toby Alderweireld - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 227miles
Mousa Dembele - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 227miles
Davinson Sanchez - Colombia vs France and Australia - 490miles
( Image : AFP )
Son Heung-min - South Korea vs Northern Ireland and Poland - 2578miles
Christian Eriksen - Denmark vs Panama and Chile - 2872miles
Ben Davies - Wales vs China - 11464miles
Hugo Lloris - France vs Colombia and Russia - 3630miles
Chelsea - 26,555miles
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Andreas Christensen - Denmark vs Panama and Chile - 2881miles
Marcos Alonso - Spain vs Germany and Argentina - 2528miles
Cesar Azpilicueta - Spain vs Germany and Argentina - 2528miles
Willy Cabellero - Argentina vs Spain and Italy - 2212miles
Antonio Rudiger - Germany vs Spain and Brazil - 1930miles
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Thibaut Courtois - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 442miles
Eden Hazard - Belgium vs Saudi Arabia - 442miles
Willian - Brazil vs Russia and Germany - 4720miles
N'Golo Kante - France vs Colombia and Russia - 3610miles
Olivier Giroud - France vs Colombia and Russia - 3610miles
Victor Moses - Nigeria vs Poland and Serbia - 1652miles
Arsenal - 17,073miles
( Image : Stuart MacFarlane )
Mesut Ozil - Germany vs Spain and Brazil - 1918miles
Mohamed Elneny - Egypt vs Portugal and Greece - 1094miles
Jack Wilshere - England vs Holland and Italy - 506miles
Danny Welbeck - England vs Holland and Italy - 506miles
Laurent Koscielny - France vs Colombia and Russia - 3640miles
( Image : REUTERS )
David Ospina - Colombia vs France and Australia - 480miles
Alex Iwobi - Nigeria vs Poland and Serbia - 1655miles
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Armenia vs Estonia and Lithuania - 5164miles
Granit Xhaka - Switzerland vs Greece and Panama - 2110miles
New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi , in their Independence Day address to the nation on Tuesday , said their government is trying to steer the country on to a new track without slowing down the economy .
“ To build a developed India , we need a strong economy , balanced growth and next generation infrastructure . When a train changes its track , it has to slow down . We are trying to take the country on a new track , but we have not let it slow down . We have maintained its speed , ” they said in their fourth Independence Day speech .
On demonetisation of high-value currencies undertaken by the government on 8 November last year , the Prime Minister said the way people of the country showed patience and confidence , the government has been able to take more steps against corruption . “ Through demonetisation , we have succeeded on many fronts . The black money which was stashed away had to be disclosed . Outside experts have said through research that around Rs3 trillion money that was outside the formal economy had come back to banks . More than Rs2.25 trillion money deposited in banks are under scrutiny . A minimum Rs2 trillion black money has to be deposited in the banks and now the depositors will be asked to explain as per rules , ” Modi said .
Modi said the additional money in the hands of banks has led to decline in lending rates , while the demonetisation exercise has led to more income tax assesses joining the economic system . “ The income tax return that has been filed between 1 April and 5 August , the number of new personal income assesses has increased to 56 lakh from 22 lakh during the same period last year ... This more than double growth in income tax assesses is due to our fight against black money . More than 18 lakh such persons have been identified whose income is much more than they disclose . They have also been asked to explain . Around 4.5 lakh out of the 18 lakh have accepted their mistake , while 1 lakh such people had never filed income tax before , ” Modi said .
Also Read : Kashmir problem ca n't be resolved through bullets or abuses , says PM Modi
The Prime Minister said through data mining after demonetisation , 3 lakh shell companies have been identified that were only doing hawala transactions . “ Out of that we have cancelled registration of 2.25 lakh companies . We have ensured that people engaged in looting this country are made accountable . You will be astonished to know that in one single address , some 400 shell companies were being run . Nobody was asking them questions . It was pure collusion that was going on , ” they said .
Modi said government implemented the Benami Transactions ( Prohibition ) Act which was hanging in balance for a long time and has been able to confiscate more than Rs800 crore benami property in a short period of time . “ This gives confidence to the common man that this country is for honest people , ” they added , promising to continue the government 's fight against black money and corruption .
Also Read : Connecting farmers to markets is a priority , says Narendra Modi
The PM said the rollout of goods and services tax ( GST ) has given new energy to competitive and cooperative federalism . “ GST is a technological miracle . The way it has been successfully rolled out , it gives confidence about the capabilities of the country , ” they said .
Modi said now through the GEM ( government e-marketplace ) platform , a man sitting in a village can also supply goods to the government without the help of middlemen . “ This has helped in bringing in transparency . I hope after implementation of GST , there will be more transparency . After GST , trucks carrying goods have saved 30 % time as check posts have been abolished thus increasing their efficiency , ” they said .
LOS ANGELES : The ninth edition of the ‘ Fast and Furious ' franchise was all scheduled to hit cinemas in 2019 .
However , FnF fans will now have to wait for the movie till April 2020 , according to Indian Express report .
The reason behind the delay is uncertain .
This created an outburst from co-star Tyrese Gibson who did not receive the news well and lashed out at Dwayne Johnson and co-producer Hiram Garcia .
To compensate for the gap , Universal Pictures stated that it will release the movie 's first , non-numbered feature starring characters Luke Hobbs ( Dwayne Johnson ) and Deckard Shaw ( Jason Statham ) , as per CTV News .
Look at poor Andrew Wiggins as they realize , a beat too late , that Lebron James has indeed had the audacity to do what they just did .
There they are .
Where have I seen this face before ?
Get Money Deals updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Entertaining the kids costs parents a staggering £2,602 a year , a study has revealed .
Researchers found £409 will be blown on trips to soft play centres or parks and an incredible £609 a year will go on meals out , according to the poll of 2,000 parents .
The study , which was commissioned by frozen pizza brand Goodfella 's , also found the total cost soars to an average of £127 a week over the six-week summer holiday , as parents find ways to stop their offspring becoming bored .
A spokesperson for Goodfella 's , who commissioned the study , said : “ Keeping children entertained need n't be a costly business , but sometimes there 's no choice but to open the wallet .
“ After a while , all the made-up games and free entertainment in the world will take second place to something with a cost attached .
( Image : E+ )
“ Heading out for a family meal can be a good way to make a summer holiday evening feel special , though it can take its toll on your finances over time .
“ Plus , getting everyone organised , deciding where to eat and making sure the outing goes without a hitch can be a hassle for parents already exhausted from a day entertaining the kids . ”
Each month , adults will fork out £37 on TV and movie entertainment , and a further £35 on toys , books and magazines for their kids .
As the six-week summer holiday from school looms , parents will be doing their best to keep their kids ' schedules as full as possible .
Over a third of respondents believe their kids are likely to complain about being bored over the break .
And on average , parents will only get eight days of respite before the first “ I 'm bored… ” emanates from their child 's lips .
Just under two thirds of the population have a TV subscription , with half of those saying they keep it just to make sure their kids have things to watch .
And hard-up parents say that they lose a whole quarter of their household 's disposable monthly income to entertaining the children .
But six in 10 are happy to shell out to make sure the kids are content , with 13 per cent believing they spend ‘ too much ' .
A day at a theme park was picked as kids ' ultimate form of entertainment by 23 per cent of respondents , followed by TV and movies , a day at the zoo , a park trip and eating out .
( Image : Getty )
Tina Weeks , an expert Financial Life Planner , added : “ It is fascinating to observe the changes in family spending habits over the last few years , and these observations have been backed up by this research .
“ It is startling to see how much is being spent on things that would previously have been considered luxuries - for example technology , eating out , and TV subscriptions . These items are often purchased unconsciously because people are not budgeting .
“ Noticing and planning their spending using a budget would ensure that families were spending mindfully which often leads to changes in behaviour and means funds are more usefully deployed .
“ Simple swaps such as enjoying a restaurant-quality meal in the home rather than dining out can make big changes to the bottom line . ”
To help parents save money without scrimping on the finer things in life , Goodfella 's has launched the Romano range of premium frozen pizzas – developed with a stonebaked base and generous quality toppings , available for just £2.50 .
A spokesperson for Goodfella 's added : “ Before the long summer holiday hits and the cries of boredom begin , parents should take some time to consider how they 're going to keep their little ones occupied with the budget they have saved .
The cost of entertaining kids per month
Toys , books and magazines – £35.31
TV and movie entertainment – £37.69
Meals out – £50.81
Other entertainment e.g . days out , parties etc – £58.95
Soft play centres and play parks – £34.11
GENEVA — About 90 people are feared drowned after a smugglers ' boat carrying mostly Pakistani migrants capsized off Libya 's coast early Friday , the U.N. 's migration agency said .
Ten bodies have washed ashore near the Libyan town of Zuwara following the tragedy in the early morning , said International Organization for Migration spokesperson Olivia Headon , citing information from its partner agencies .
`` We are told that two survivors swam to shore , and one person was rescued by a fishing boat , '' Headon said by phone from Tunisia 's capital to reporters at the U.N. in Geneva . `` We are working to get more details on the ( capsizing ) and where the survivors are so that we can assist them better . ''
The Libyan coast guard said in a statement Friday that , following reports of the incident , they sent out a patrol from the port city of Zuwarah on Friday morning but found no signs of a capsized boat , survivors , or drowned migrants . It called on the international organizations that issued the report to provide evidence to substantiate their claim of the incident .
Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry said 11 of its citizens had drowned in the incident . Ministry spokesperson Mohammad Faisal told The Associated Press that Pakistani diplomats reached Libya 's coastal area to collect more details and begin the process of repatriating the bodies of the deceased .
Headon said Pakistani nationals are increasing among the number of migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean to Italy and Europe via Libya . By nationality , Pakistanis last year made up the 13th largest nationality represented among migrants making the crossing , but they were the third-largest contingent in January .
Headon said the reason for the increasing flow of Pakistanis was n't immediately clear , nor whether the greater influx is likely to continue , but added : `` We 're looking into it . ''
IOM says 6,624 people crossed the Mediterranean in January — about two-thirds of them to Italy — about a 10-per cent increase from a year earlier . About 250 people died in the crossing in January , six fewer than a year ago .
The Associated Press
/
Here are some surprising ways to help boost your focus and performance .
April 24 , 2018 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
If you want to be successful , you have to find strategies that will help you focus despite all of the distractions that prevent you from doing the task at hand . Luckily , with the help of science , developing laser-like focus is easier than you think .
Related : The Most Successful People Learn How to Focus on the Positive
To start , make sure you 're sleeping well and getting regular exercise . These are the basis of productivity , performance and focus . Next , simply look at the color red -- just the sight of red can boost performance and focus . If that does n't work , turning up the thermostat in your office is another option . According to research , people who work in a room set to around 77 degrees are more successful and focused than people in colder work spaces .
There are plenty of things you can do to boost your ability to focus . To learn more , here are 13 ways to develop laser-like focus .
1 . Sleep .
Here 's a no-brainer : sleep has a direct link to cognitive functions such as the ability to focus and perform . According to the National Sleep Foundation , quality sleep , which is between seven to nine hours , helps us think clearly , remember more and make decisions . A lack of sleep can result in an inability to pay attention and focus , lower productivity , slower reaction times and forgetfulness .
2 . Use the ABC method .
According to Harvard Business Review , our brains are constantly distracted by “ internal and external environments , ” meaning thoughts , sounds or interruptions . One way to prevent distractions is the ABC method . As HBR explains , ABC stands for : aware , breathe and choose . To start , become aware of your options by choosing whether to pay attention to distractions . Next , breathe and relax while you choose to focus or get distracted .
Related : 10 Things Successful People Tell Themselves Every Day
3 . Meditate .
From stress to anxiety , meditation has long been known as an incredible tool in managing emotions . Another advantage of meditation is its ability to help people focus . Researchers found that after three months at a meditation retreat , people came out with an incredible ability to focus and an overall improvement in cognitive functions .
4 . Get dressed up .
The saying , “ Dress to impress , ” stands true . When people dress up in order to prep for a particular project or task , their ability to focus goes up . According to a study , students who wore white lab coats while conducting experiments made half the amount of errors as the students who were dressed regularly .
5 . Do n't multitask .
While multitasking might sound like the more productive thing to do , it actually has a negative effect on your ability to focus . According to the American Psychological Association , multitasking and constantly switching between tasks will actually take away from focus because you 're not allowing yourself time to adjust to one thing .
6 . Turn up the heat .
According to research , a warmer workplace will help you focus better and be more productive . In fact , one study found that a group of workers in a room set to 68 degrees made nearly 44 percent more errors and were half as productive as employees in a 77 degree room .
7 . Go green .
Plants around the office have long been known to have a positive effect on employee morale , focus and productivity . However , it turns out you do n't necessarily need actual plants for this . In a study , a group of researchers finds that by taking a 40-second break and simply looking at a computerized image of a green roof , employees ' focus on a particular task improved .
Related : 3 Powerful Ways to Stay Positive
8 . Look at the color red .
Whether it 's the color of your bedroom walls or the background image on your computer screen , color has a major effect on us psychologically . A 2009 study published in Science found that when people saw the color red while they were focusing on certain tasks , their performance , memory and attention to detail improved .
9 . Use natural light .
Working 9-to-5 in a windowless room with artificial light is far from motivating and in fact can be downright distracting . A study found that people who work in offices filled with natural light experience substantially less eye strain , headaches and blurred visions , all of which deter focus and performance .
10 . Get your cardio in .
From better sleep to lower stress levels , exercise has many benefits , and that includes improved focus and performance too . In an article published in Harvard Health , researchers found aerobic exercise increases the size of the area in a person 's brain called the hippocampus , which in turn results in better memory and thinking skills . However , this was not the case for exercise such as weight lifting and muscle toning , which had little to no impact on a person 's cognitive abilities .
11 . Drink some coffee .
According to research , a moderate amount of caffeine -- around one to two cups of coffee a day -- is beneficial to a person 's focus , alertness , performance and mood . However , it 's important not to overdo it , which can result in dehydration , anxiety and headaches .
Related : You Can Reprogram Yourself to Be a Positive Person and You Should
12 . Take a break .
It might sound ironic , but taking breaks can actually help improve focus . Research shows that short breaks restore a person 's motivation and help them achieve long-term goals . According to an article published in Psychology Today , “ Research suggests that , when faced with long tasks ( such as studying before a final exam or doing your taxes ) , it is best to impose brief breaks on yourself . Brief mental breaks will actually help you stay focused on your task . ”
13 . Listen to classical music .
Save your favorite rock or rap album for after work . Researchers from Stanford University discovered that classical music in particular triggers the part of the brain used for paying attention and focusing . Why classical ? According to the study , people 's minds tend to wander while listening to music but because classical music features many “ transitional points ” where there is silence , it helps keep people aware and attentive .
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Amazon has patented designs for a wristband to monitor and control workers movements in a controversial development that has already angered staff .
The wristband would track where warehouse employees put their hands and vibrate to alert them to move in a different direction to 'increase efficiencies ' .
The news has raised alarm that the company is 'turning employees into robots ' before technology allows humans to be replaced in their warehouses altogether .
One angry employee who did not want to be named told Mirror.co.uk : `` They 're trying to turn us into robots . ''
`` They might as well stick a camera on every employees forehead so they can see what they do too . ''
The wristbands would use ultrasonic sound pulses or radio transmissions to tell a receiver where the workers ' hands are in relation to an array of inventory bins .
( Image : Amazon )
( Image : PA )
When a product is ordered from Amazon , the details are transmitted to a handheld computer that all warehouse staff carry .
Once the order comes through , staff must hurry to retrieve the product from one of many inventory bins on shelves , pack it into a delivery box and move on to the next job .
These new wristbands would vibrate to let an employee know if they were going in the wrong direction - and it would allow others to monitor how efficient they were .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty Images )
The patents , published today , were seen by GeekWire , which reports that the device is described by the company as a labour-saving measure to keep better track of items and deliveries .
The patent document stated : “ Existing approaches for keeping track of where inventory items are stored … may require the inventory system worker to perform time consuming acts beyond placing the inventory item into an inventory bin and retrieving the inventory item from the inventory bid , such as pushing a button associated with the inventory bin or scanning a barcode associated with the inventory bin .
`` Accordingly , improved approaches for keeping track of where an inventory item is stored are of interest . ”
While the company aims to streamline processes at their warehouses , some employees say that their drive for efficiency can come at the staff 's expense .
In late November , an undercover investigation by the Sunday Mirror found that staff were working in shocking conditions .
Reporter Alan Selby found employees were under constant pressure to process packages every 30 seconds during relentless 10hr shifts and would even fall asleep on their feet .
( Image : PA )
They said that Amazon had clearly decided that humans were the least efficient part of the operation , so in its facility in Tilbury , Essex , the robots took over .
`` At every turn it felt like the human staff were reduced to livestock , existing only to service the machines .
`` The repetitive , monotonous work at its ironically named `` fulfilment centre '' did me no favours mentally , either , '' they said .
Toilet breaks were timed and targets were `` impossible '' , Selby found .
It is not known when or if the wristbands will become another part of the daily grind for employees at Tilbury .
Amazon were contacted for comment but had not replied by the time of publication .
AMARILLO , Texas ( AP ) — Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home .
Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are “ not out of the woods ” yet .
Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house . Poisonous Phosphine gas was released .
Capt . Larry Davis said in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital . Officials did n't release any identifying information , including the children 's ages .
Other family members and first responders are being treated .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Posted 6 hours ago
Two men died in a dramatic murder incident at Ilbisil town in Kajiado County . The first to die was a passerby who intervened to stop a man who was
# StrangerThings2 at # LVSS18 From last night 's # LouisVuitton Spring-Summer 2018 Fashion Show by @ nicolasghesquiere . Watch the show now at louisvuitton.com and go backstage on Instagram Stories .
A post shared by Louis Vuitton Official ( @ louisvuitton ) on Oct 4 , 2017 at 2:32am PDT
Manchester City have no fresh injury concerns as Burnley visit the Etihad Stadium in the Premier League on Monday .
Midfielder Leroy Sané remains a doubt after missing the last two games with an unspecified muscle injury .
Captain Vincent Kompany ( knee ) is not yet ready to return , while midfielder Fabian Delph ( groin ) has been out since August and Ilkay Gundogan ( knee ) is a long-term casualty .
Burnley will welcome back record signing Jeff Hendrick .
The midfielder was suspended for the win over Sunderland and could now slot in alongside Steven Defour , with the banned Dean Marney picking up their fifth caution of the campaign against the Black Cats just before the amnesty kicks in .
Right-back Jon Flanagan will be missing too due to a knee injury that Clarets boss Sean Dyche said they will have a scan for this week .
© Flickr/ kalavinka
Being called to an area after a trespassing complaint , four Honolulu Police Department officers are accused of having forced a person to lick a urinal in a public restroom.The four officers , who have between three and 16 years of service , have reportedly been stripped of their badges and guns , and are facing federal investigation . `` If true , these allegations violate the core values of the HPD , '' said Honolulu Police Chief Susan Ballard . `` Our officers are sworn to uphold the rights of all persons . Personally , I am appalled at the behavior . `` Ballard added that they contacted the FBI once the department learned about the incident , as the case involves abuse of power by multiple police officers.Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell made a statement on February 2 , announcing Ballard 's decision to suspend the officers ' service and contact the Bureau . `` Although these officers are presumed innocent , we need an independent agency to investigate exactly what occurred and whether these officers engaged in civil rights abuses . `` Police Chief Susan Ballard has done the absolutely right thing by referring the alleged misconduct by four Honolulu police officers to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for further review . Although these officers are presumed innocent , we need an independent agency to investigate exactly what occurred and whether these officers engaged in civil rights abuses , '' Caldwell added.Honolulu Police Commissioner Loretta Sheehan said that the police commission will look further into the incident to decide next week if their own investigation is necessary .
© Jesse Costa/WBUR
© Jesse Costa/WBUR
The Real Arms Race
© Jesse Costa/WBUR
Joanna Messing : `` We looked at the American mathematics program and American scores , and it was underwhelming to say the least . ''
Dominic Nicholas : `` [ Our son ] had some natural proclivity for math , and we wanted to have them reach their maximal potential . And it did n't feel like that was necessarily going to happen in public school . ''
Rafael Irizarry : `` Our biggest fear was that they would think math was boring and not interesting and not like it , and Russian math has saved us from that . ''
Deep Understanding Of 'Why '
© Jesse Costa/WBUR
First line : A blank box shaped like a triangle + a blank box shaped like a circle = 12 .
Second line : A triangle box + a triangle box = 16 .
© Jesse Costa/WBUR
Challenges For American Schools ?
A full third of Republicans disapprove of President Trump 's performance in office , a poll released Friday by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found . Sixty-seven percent of Republicans still approve of Trump 's performance , though that is a marked decrease from when the poll was taken in March , when 80 percent of Republicans supported the president 's performance .
Predictably , Trump 's approval rating among other demographics was even lower : Just 28 percent of independents and 5 percent of Democrats said they approved of their work in office . Overall , just 32 percent of Americans approved of Trump 's efforts , while 67 percent disapproved . Legislators fared even worse , however , as just 18 percent of Americans approved of Congress ' efforts .
Overall , just 24 percent of Americans feel the country is heading `` in the right direction '' under Trump , the poll found — a 10-percent decrease since the poll was last taken in June . In March , the poll found 37 percent of people felt the country was progressing positively .
The poll surveyed 1,150 adults nationwide online and over the phone from Sept. 28-Oct. 2 . It has a margin of error of 4.1 percentage points . Read the full topline results here . Kimberly Alters
The Isabella County Sheriff 's Department is investigating a suspicious death after a woman found a man dead in a driveway beside their vehicle .
It happened on Sunday , August 13 , at 1:31 p.m .
A woman called officials after they drove into a driveway on Kay Street off Isabella Road and found the 45-year-old man from Union Township dead in their driveway .
Deputies said it appeared the man had been dead for several hours , apparently shot in the head .
A gun was also found under some clothing in the driveway .
Because of the unusual circumstances , the Michigan State Police forensic mobile unit was called to process the scene , and along with the deputies , were on the scene for more than nine hours .
Officials said it appears the man may have taken their own life , but the incident is still under investigation .
The man 's name has not been released .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Questions over the propriety of using “ rising rents ” and the need for more student accommodation as ways of attracting investment in Bristol are being raised by housing advocates .
ACORN Bristol – which acts as a tenant 's union and support organisation – and members of Bristol City Council 's Green Party group have described the wording of the investment brochure which Bristol Mayor , Marvin Rees , took to China as a “ concern ” .
The criticisms come a day after Mr Rees returned from their East Asia trip during which they attempted to drum up private investment for some of Bristol 's more ambitious projects including an underground train network and the redevelopment of the Cumberland Basin .
( Image : Simon Galloway )
However , a Bristol City Council spokesperson said the authority is “ committed ” to building affordable housing , but needs wider investment in the city to do this .
Bristol is suffering a chronic housing shortage due to the combination of a stagnation in house building and an increase in population , which in turn is pushing up house prices and rents .
While there are major developments in the pipeline – such as the 2,000 homes which the council hope to build on the former Hengrove Park and Hartcliffe Campus sites – these will not be completed for many years , leaving a tricky question as to what people can do now .
But it is the section of Mr Rees ' China brochure which states investors will “ benefit from rising Bristol rents ” and see the “ value of their assets increasing over time as property prices continue to rise steadily ” , which has prompted anger , as some see it as a way of the council taking advantage of those in a desperate housing situation .
“ I am deeply concerned by the text of the promotional brochure being used on the Mayor 's visit to China to seek investment , ” Green Party group leader and councillor for Bishopston and Ashley Down , Eleanor Combley , said .
“ Encouraging foreign investment capital into the city 's private rental sector will only inflate house prices further , as has happened in London . And given the poor track record of the proportion of affordable housing delivered by private developers in Bristol , we have little reason to be hopeful that Chinese investors would do any better . ”
Mr Rees has previously said high rents are a problem for the city and has suggested they would support some form of rent control subject to changes in government legislation .
But there is concern the wording of the brochure discredits this promise .
“ I understand this is essentially advertising spiel and they need to use everything available to them to get investment in the city , ” co-founder of ACORN , Nick Ballard said .
“ And it is probably true rents will continue to rise in the city , but for them to try to sell the city on this basis when they are trying to help people with this problem does seem odd .
“ It 's a concern if the council has no intention of helping with rents and it is also a concern if it is using this as a way for investors to come to the city and then they do n't deliver . ”
Another bone of contention is the suggestion Bristol is in the market for additional student housing .
The brochure states the city needs between 3,000 and 5,000 new student homes . However , in July the council agreed to create a cross-party report on the impact of student developments after concerns were raised about the projected increase student numbers and the impact this may have on communities .
Speaking at the time , Mr Rees said : “ We can support them to flourish and thrive but we have to grow in a way which is mutually beneficial – we ca n't have universities grow in a way which eats the city . ”
Alongside criticism about the nature of schemes , Mr Rees has also faced flack for approaching Chinese firms .
“ The Chinese banking and investment system is inherently linked to the Chinese Communist Party which pursues a flagrant disregard for human rights , freedom of speech and religious tolerance , ” Green councillor for Ashley , Jude English said .
“ Before we sell off valuable land in our city we must ensure due diligence and feel absolutely happy with the ethical credentials of our potential business partners , future student landlords and co-developers .
“ There 's also an issue of what kind of development gets prioritised – surely Bristol city land should be used for social housing for the many , rather than luxury flats for the few ? ”
A Bristol City Council spokesperson said Mr Rees attended the ‘ Fortune 500 Forum ' in China which included the world 's leading 500 companies , not just the Chinese .
The spokesperson added : “ We are committed to delivering secure , affordable housing for everyone in Bristol . We are working to ensure 2000 new homes are built in Bristol each year by 2020 – 800 of which will meet the ‘ affordable ' criteria .
“ Achieving an inclusive , effective housing market is all about balance . In order to pay for these vital affordable homes , we need to attract sufficient investment into wider developments in the city . This includes the private rental market .
“ The investment brochure is written specifically for an international audience of potential investors – and for that reason it outlines the economic opportunities that a thriving , popular and economically successful city like Bristol has to offer . ”
New Delhi : Investors wealth was eroded by Rs 4.6 lakh crore amid massive selling in the markets on Friday with the key equity indices falling the steepest in two-and-a-half years .
Reintroduction of the long-term capital gains ( LTCG ) tax of 10 percent on equities , along with weak global cues , led to a huge sell-off .
Stamping its biggest single-day fall in two-and-a-half years - the flagship BSE-Sensex crashed 840 points to close at 35,066 , while the Nifty took a knock by 256 points to end below the 10,800-mark .
Following the sharp decline in stocks , the market capitalisation of BSE-listed companies tumbled Rs 4,58,581.38 crore to Rs 148,54,452 crore .
This is the biggest single day fall of the index since August 24 , 2015 , when it had fallen by 1,624.51 points .
Among the 30-share basket , 27 stocks ended with losses led by Bajaj Auto and Bharti Airtel . All the sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red LED by realty and infrastructure .
On the BSE , 2,527 stocks declined , while 310 advanced and 124 remained unchanged .
On the currency front , the Indian rupee weakened by 4 paise to close at 64.06 against the US dollar from its previous close at 64.02 .
Meanwhile , ratings agency Fitch on Friday said high debt burden of the government constrains India 's rating upgrade after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley projected a fiscal deficit of 3.5 percent of GDP against the earlier target of 3.2 percent .
With Agency Inputs
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Usain Bolt is considering a career change to become a professional footballer - and predicts he 'll be at Wayne Rooney 's level .
The Jamaican sprinter , who plans to retire this year , won the top prize for a man at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco on Tuesday night , where they revealed they have accomplished everything they want to in athletics .
The 30-year-old is considering a move to football - an idea they have previously toyed with - and claims that while they wo n't be the best player in the world , he 'll be pretty good .
( Photo : Getty Images )
So good in fact they will be comparable to Manchester United 's record goal-scorer , although not successful enough to be considered `` the best footballer in the world '' .
`` I 'm going to get a chance to train at Dortmund , which is good , '' said Bolt .
`` I think I 'll go there for a week , just to train and feel it out .
( Photo : Getty )
`` I 've had people suggest different teams and suggest ways we can get into football . We 've been looking into those things , but we 're not sure what 's going on yet .
`` But at any level , I just want to see if I 'd be any good , because I play football all the time with my friends and I think I 'm at a good level .
( Photo : Man Utd via Getty Images )
`` If I train and put some good work in I think I could be pretty good .
`` I 'm not gon na lie , I 'm not gon na say I 'm going to be the best footballer in the world . But I 'd be at a good level , I 'd say . Maybe Wayne Rooney level . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND HEIGHTS , Ohio – An attorney who told officers they forgot their girlfriend 's `` quiet '' son was in the car with him , has their own court date after a good Samaritan rescued the child from a car left under the blazing sun with the windows rolled up .
Police released the urgent 911 call made from a Home Depot parking lot in Cleveland Heights :
911 dispatcher : `` What 's going on at the Home Depot ? '' Caller : `` There 's a kid in the car , all of the windows are up . I got the alarm going 'cuz I opened the door . '' 911 dispatcher : `` So were you able to get the kid out of the car ? '' Caller : `` Yes , but I do n't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got their kid . ''
It was just after 2 p.m. Monday when a passerby spotted the 9-year-old boy inside a 2017 black Nissan Altima with the windows closed , as the heat index outside reached 94 degrees .
911 dispatcher : `` How is the child doing , does the child need any medical attention ? '' Caller : `` Yeah he 's slobbering at the mouth . '' 911 dispatcher : `` He 's what ? '' Caller : `` He 's slobbering at the mouth . ''
The good Samaritan opened an unlocked car door then waited for police and paramedics .
Police body camera footage showed officers arriving on scene as the young boy sat in the back seat .
Minutes later , the owner of the vehicle , Paul Bayer , 65 , appears after running out of the Home Depot apologizing , “ I 'm here ! Oh my God I 'm so sorry . '' They tell the officers that they had forgotten the boy was inside the car .
`` Why did you leave them in the car again ? '' an officer asks .
`` He got real quiet , I forgot they were with me , I came here for a quick drum and I forgot I had him , '' Bayer says .
`` Forgot you had your kid in the car ? '' the officer asks .
`` It 's my girlfriend 's kid , '' Bayers says . `` But yeah , when they get quiet . ''
Police say the child , who has autism , was inside the hot car for 20 minutes .
EMS gave them cold water , checked their vitals and determined they were okay .
Bayer , a bankruptcy attorney in Woodmere , told police that the boy is their 36-year-old girlfriend 's son .
They were arrested and charged with endangering a child and is now free on bond .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has been charged with the murder of a mother and their 11-year-old daughter after they were found dead on Bank Holiday Monday .
Police were called to Dexter Way , in Gloucester , at 4.50am on May 28 after the ambulance service reported two people had been seriously injured at an address .
Laura Mortimer , 31 , and their daughter Ella Dalby , 11 , were pronounced dead a short time later .
Officers have now charged Christopher Boon , 28 , of Dexter Way , Gloucester , with two counts of murder and they will appear before magistrates in Cheltenham today , May 31 , as reported by Gloucestershire Live .
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Constabulary said : `` A man has been charged with the murder of Laura Boon , née Mortimer , and their daughter Ella Dalby .
`` Christopher Boon , 28 , and of Dexter Way , Gloucester , will appear before magistrates in Cheltenham tomorrow morning ( Thursday 31 May ) charged with two counts of murder . ''
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has called on Mesut Ozil to lead Arsenal into a bright future after committing their future to the club .
Germany international Ozil ended months of drawn-out negotiations and speculation over their future by inking a new deal at the Emirates on February 1 .
Ozil , 29 , had been in the last six months of their contract , but has penned a new three-and-a-half year deal with the Gunners , worth £350,000-a-week .
The playmaker rejected offers from Europe and the Far East , including a £22million-a-year after tax offer from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande .
And Wenger believes that now is the time for the World Cup winner to step up and lead their side .
( Image : Mesut Ozil/Twitter )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` Many predicted they would n't commit and not sign , ” explained Wenger on Friday . `` It is good news for us - if you can keep a player of that calibre is of course good news .
`` He has committed their future to the club at a period where we are in a tricky period .
“ [ Now ] we expect them to take responsibility to lead the club to success . ”
Ozil has recently built a house in London and is settled in the area , something which played a big role in them electing to stay put .
In contrast Olivier Giroud was allowed to leave the Emirates , joining Chelsea on deadline day in an £18million deal , after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang 's arrival had been confirmed .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
Wenger did n't want to lose the French international - particularly to a rival - but admits they felt a debt of gratitude to Giroud , who wanted to stay in London .
`` He was massively popular here , ” added Wenger . `` Olivier wanted more playing time , they have not played many Premier League games and wants as well to go to the World Cup . ''
`` That is why I opened the door [ to a transfer ] . Ideally you want them to go to clubs who do not compete with you , but on the other hand it was a bit linked to the Aubameyang deal .
`` He 's just had a third baby it was a bit difficult for their family to leave London . We owe them a lot for their exceptional dedication and commitment to the club ; it was difficult to turn it down because it was a rival club . ''
Bristol City will look to bounce back from their first defeat of the season by getting a positive result against Brentford on Tuesday night .
The Bees have suffered a bad start to the league this season and will hope to gain a first win against Lee Johnson 's side .
But the Robins know that if they put in as good a performance as they played out at St Andrew 's on Saturday then there 's a good chance that City will get at least a draw if not the full three points .
( Image : Dougie Allward/JMP )
Asked by BBC Radio Bristol if Aden Flint would feature on Tuesday night , assistant head coach Dean Holden ducked the question .
`` There 's no real change on that as far as I 'm concerned . '' Will they be travelling ? `` I 'm not sure yet , '' said Holden .
( Image : Robbie Stephenson/JMP )
The former Oldham defender - who admitted that they were also a qualified referee during speaking to the media - also revealed that City are still short of fielding several of their attackers .
`` We 're still missing the three forwards , '' confirmed Holden . `` Matty [ Taylor ] , Milan [ Djuric ] and Arnie [ Garita ] - although Arnie was back on the grass this morning for the first time so that 's very , very pleasing . ''
`` Joe Bryan 's had not a recurring injury but more of a knock on the same ankle . We 'll see how Joe is but he 's probably 50/50 at this time for tomorrow . ''
The time frame for senior strikers Taylor and Djuric to return is a little unclear currently .
( Image : Robbie Stephenson/JMP )
`` It 's difficult because , having been there myself , they 're still in the early stages of rehabilitation . Doing bits on the grass , doing bits in the gym , they 're around the players every day . They 're two fantastic characters but we do miss them out on the pitch .
`` I think the most important thing when they do come [ back ] out on the pitch is that they stay . They do n't want a recurrence and to go back to the treatment room . It might take a bit longer but we 're comfortable with that .
`` We want them there but we want them there to stay . So if we have to wait a bit longer that 's fine , '' explained the 37-year-old .
( Image : Robbie Stephenson/JMP )
So short of attacking options , could there be some movement in the transfer market ? Especially given that Johnson revealed that they still wanted to bring in another forward on Saturday .
`` You 're asking the wrong guy , '' said Holden . `` As far as I 'm aware , we 're obviously spending every hour that we 're not on the training pitch or preparing for a game looking at players .
`` The gaffer 's speaking to agents and Mark Ashton 's doing their business trying to get things done I 'm sure .
`` A couple of weeks to go in the window ... We 'll see what comes up . ''
Recapping Trump 's SOTU Address and What 's Inside The Released GOP Memo NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with David Brooks of The New York Times and E.J . Dionne of The Washington Post and Brookings Institution about the Russia memo that was released today , the President 's State of the Union speech , and the looming government shutdown deadline .
Abe : Japan ' Can not Accept ' New Tariffs On U.S. Auto Imports
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says their government `` can not accept '' new U.S. tariffs on imported automobiles , as is reportedly being considered as a possible next move by the White House .
President Trump last week launched an investigation into whether auto imports posed a national security risk to the U.S. , a justification that might be used to raise the duty on cars from 2.5 percent up to 25 percent .
`` It 's hard for Japan to understand and we can not accept it , '' Abe said in a session of the Diet , Japan 's parliament , adding that Tokyo would let Washington know its concern over the direction of U.S. trade policy .
Japan 's Kyodo news service writes :
`` The United States is the biggest market for Japanese carmakers and they have increasingly been shifting production to the country . If Trump decides to rein in auto imports , the production shift could accelerate and hollow out the domestic industry , which has contributed significantly to Japan 's employment and growth . Toyota Motor Corp. has expressed its opposition to the U.S. move , stressing the Japanese group has contributed to the U.S. economy via its dealers and the employment it offers at its plants in the United States . ''
The prime minister said any such trade adjustments needed to be pursued in accordance with the World Trade Organization .
Abe 's remarks came on the same day that the White House confirmed that Trump and Abe would meet in Washington on June 7 ahead of a planned summit between the president and North Korean Kim Jong-un in Singapore the following week . Abe is expected to attend the Group of Seven summits in Canada on June 8-9 .
The Japan Times reports that in a Monday phone call between Trump and Abe , the two leaders `` affirmed that they would meet ahead of the planned summit and discussed their shared goal of 'complete and permanent dismantlement of North Korea 's nuclear , chemical , and biological weapons and ballistic missile programs , ' '' the White House said in a statement .
Abe has banked on the reportedly close relationship they have managed to forge with Trump to smooth over any differences between Tokyo and Washington and hopefully head off the sort of full-blown trade war that seems possible between the U.S. and China .
In their first stop in Asia in November , Trump spent three days in Japan , where they and Abe had a series of relaxed meetings . At the time , Trump said the U.S. and Japan were trying to `` sort out '' their trade differences .
In April , ahead of a rare Koreas summit , Abe visited Washington .
As NPR 's Elise Hu wrote , Abe is facing political troubles at home , with many Japanese angry over cronyism scandals involving sweetheart deals and evidence that top Japanese officials doctored documents to cover it up .
The possibility of crippling U.S. tariffs on such a key Japanese industry as auto-manufacturing can only make things more difficult for Abe .
When you need a bright , beautiful side dish with sweet , bold flavors , look no further than these honey glazed carrots . They are such a breeze to whip up and could n't be more delicious .
Serves 4
Ingredients :
1 lb . baby carrots
2 tbsp butter
2 tbsp honey
½ orange , zested and juiced
1 tsp white wine vinegar
2 tbsp fresh thyme leaves , chopped
Sea salt , to taste
Black pepper , to taste
Directions :
Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil . Add carrots and cook until just tender , about 5 minutes .
In a sauté pan over medium heat , add the butter , honey , orange zest and juice , vinegar and thyme .
When the carrots are done , drain and add to the sauté pan .
Cook until a syrupy glaze forms , about 3-5 minutes .
Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately .
MORE FROM THE KIN COMMUNITY :
© Kin Community
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The bank used by a Cambridgeshire family conned out of their lifesavings just before Christmas wo n't be offering them compensation .
After the News reported Wilburton couple Mark and Angela Coe had £45,000 taken from their joint account , Santander has said it ' can not accept responsibility for the losses on the account ' .
A spokesperson for the banking group said that , although it was very sympathetic to Mr and Mrs Coe 's situation , it is not liable because scammers impersonated its security team leading Mrs Coe to mistrust genuine bank staff who contacted them
Speaking on Thursday ( December 29 ) they said : “ We can confirm that Mrs Coe received a text message from a third party purporting to be Santander . Mrs Coe called the number included in the message ( which was not a Santander number ) and was socially engineered in to revealing some sensitive banking information .
`` As a result of this , the fraudsters were able to access the customer 's online banking and make multiple payments .
`` In order to pay a new beneficiary a One Time Passcode ( OTP ) is sent to the customer 's registered mobile telephone number , which the customer subsequently divulged to the fraudster , who then used the code to authenticate the payments .
`` Santander identified the payments as suspect and sent a text message to the customer 's registered mobile , upon which the customer confirmed the payment as genuine , which allowed the fraudster to make further payments . We therefore can not accept any responsibility for the losses on this account . ''
Hackers plunder £45,000 from family 's life savings
`` As soon as we were notified of the scam , we contacted the receiving banks to secure any unspent funds . We 're waiting for confirmation from these banks of any money recovered . ''
Thieves steal 'irreplaceable ' Bishop 's chair from village church
During the ordeal the phishing scammers siphoned off funds between accounts Mrs Coe shared with their husband and 80-year-old mother Doreen Kent , swiping all of the family 's lifesavings .
The Coes expressed their dismay , saying the text fraudsters sent was 'identical ' to the real weekly balance updates Mrs Coe receives from the bank . Then when they called the number on the text they gained their trust because they had access to all their account details .
Mr Coe said : “ They had access to absolutely everything , they told them of their direct debits going out , what was going in , absolutely everything .
“ They moved money from their mum 's account into ours , then used our account as a holding account and siphoned while they were on the phone all of the funds out of the account .
“ I do n't want anybody else to go through what I have been through ... I am absolutely devastated , my wife collapsed when they heard [ they would n't be getting compensation ] .
The family described the incident as causing a 'most miserable ' and 'horrendous Christmas ' .
NEW YORK — Brook Lopez scored 19 points in their return to Brooklyn , making the Lakers ' final basket with 1:28 left to help Los Angeles hold on for a 102-99 victory over the Nets on Friday night .
The Nets ' career leader in scoring and blocked shots also had a big block down the stretch as the Lakers did just enough to avoid a third straight loss .
Julius Randle had 19 points and 12 rebounds , and Brandon Ingram added 16 points , 10 assists and eight rebounds for the Lakers . Josh Hart finished with 15 points and 14 rebounds , helping Los Angeles to a 56-38 advantage on the boards .
Spencer Dinwiddie had 23 points , nine assists and seven rebounds for the Nets . Rookie Jarrett Allen , playing the centre spot Lopez occupied for nine seasons in New Jersey and later Brooklyn before getting dealt to Los Angeles in the trade that brought D'Angelo Russell to Brooklyn , had a season-best 20 points .
Allen was 6 for 6 for 16 points in the first half , but Lopez answered with 12 points in the third quarter , going 5 for 5 from the field with a pair of 3-pointers to send the teams to the fourth tied at 85 .
The Lakers shut the Nets out for more than five minutes while scoring 11 straight to open a 96-87 lead , but then went cold as the Nets pulled to 99-97 . Neither team scored for more than a minute until Lopez made it a four-point game , and the Nets could n't get a tying 3-pointer after Randle made a free throw with 8.9 seconds left .
TIP-INS
Lakers : The Nets played a video tribute for Lopez between the first and second quarters . ... Kyle Kuzma was drafted with the No . 27 pick , which the Lakers acquired from the Nets in the Lopez-Russell trade . ... The Lakers attended the musical `` Hamilton '' on Broadway on Thursday night .
Nets : James Webb III made a 3-pointer in the first half for their first NBA points . The Nets said they were the first Boise State alum to score in the NBA since Coby Karl in 2007-08 . ... Russell finished with 15 points off the bench .
DUNKING LIKE DAD
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gone are the days of chocolates in a heart-shaped box , novelty teddy bears and a bunch of roses hastily bought on the commute home…or at least we hope they are .
While Valentine 's Day can easily be taken for what it is – yet another excuse for shops to sell us stuff - It can also be a chance to show you really know your partner .
From practical presents to special treats , here are some of the best gifts you could get that special lady in your life this February 14 .
( Image : Joanie Clothing )
It 's always something partners shy away from buying for fear they may get the wrong style or size , but us ladies love receiving clothes . This gorgeous Sincerely Yours jumper from Joanie Clothing is pretty and will get them through the rest of the cold month .
Even more reluctantly bought are shoes , but again , if you know your love 's style and size they make a fantastic gift .
These boots from Topshop are certainly like-them-or-loathe-them but we think they 're great and they 're on sale . They 're also a creative alternative to flowers that are sure to last a lot longer .
While jewellery verges on the cliché for Valentine 's Day , as long as you put a bit of thought into it and know what they like to wear ( rose gold , silver , gems , studs etc ) then it 's a classic gift for a reason .
If budget is an issue then these faux-pearl earrings are sure to delight and definitely wo n't break the bank at £4 .
For something a touch personal , we found two great options .
( Image : Not on the High Street )
Firstly , this silver compass necklace that can be engraved with the coordinates of a special place – your wedding venue , where your child was born , a special date spot or a place you travelled to together .
Secondly , this modern alternative to a locket allows you to keep a favourite photo close to your heart at all times . And there 's no need for fiddling about cutting a photo to size , it 's all done for you when you order .
If practicality is more your thing ( and hopefully your lady 's thing ) , then there are some great gifts that can be used all year long .
These Disney tumblers are a great way of telling your sweetheart you think they 're a princess and are a great excuse to cosy up with a late night drink and a good film .
( Image : Very )
If they have been bitten by the fitness bug , this water bottle will serve them well during a vigorous gym session .
If they prefer their water filtered then this bottle may be a better shout as it comes with a charcoal stick to draw out chemicals . Each stick lasts up to six months . Nothing says ‘ I love you ' like ‘ I want to ensure you 're hydrated ' .
For practical gifts around the home you really ca n't go wrong with the old classic - a scented candle .
This Fairy Dust candle has a strong but not overpowering scent that is clean but also slightly floral .
These pillowcases would also be a welcome addition to the home . Simple in design and with a sweet motif , they would blend into any bedroom décor and colour scheme…and they 're a bit of fun too .
Poetry and Valentine 's Day go together like beans and toast but if you 're not much of a wordsmith you can always rely on the nation 's poet laureate to lend a helping hand .
Far from cheesy , this book of love poems is a modern take on what love is but still romantic all the same . A great gift for a literary enthusiast .
While make-up can be a bit of a minefield and it 's often best to stick to the products they know and loves ( which makes for a boring present ) you can always get them something that makes their morning beauty routine easier and smoother .
This could be new brushes , a nice cosmetic bag or something like this handheld mirror which would love as beautiful in their handbag as it would on their dressing table .
( Image : Very )
And finally , while we are not suggesting you spend this much money on a gift , if there is an extra special reason to celebrate February 14 this year then these pink GHDs will go down a storm with almost any woman .
Trust us , if you 're giving the gift of a ‘ good hair day ' all year long you 're definitely on to a winner .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It rose above the fens to offer a glimpse of the future of high-speed transport before disappearing without a trace – but now the Cambridgeshire ‘ hovertrain ' is set to take off once more .
Now little more than a distant memory , in the 1960s and 70s the raised magnetic railway built between the fenland villages of Sutton and Earith was seen as the space-age solution to 60s congestion chaos , and was poised to revolutionise public transport before it was abandoned .
But now a new project from Cambridge University is aiming to resurrect the grand experiment , following the discovery of rarely-seen archive footage .
The hovertrain project was a significant British research and development scheme that combined Sir Richard Cockerell 's hovercraft invention with Sir Eric Laithwaite 's work on linear induction motors .
It was hoped the new technology could provide the basis for a brand-new railway network , before the French got there first with their similar ‘ Aerotrain ' scheme .
Convinced the scheme was a winner , in 1967 the Government invested £5.25 million in the project , and Tracked Hovercraft Ltd was formed .
With the company 's offices and laboratories based in Cambridge , the route of the Old Bedford River , between the villages of Earith and Sutton Gault , was chosen as the ideal test track , and a full-scale concrete monorail track was built in 1969 .
However the experiment was beset by problems , many caused by the soft fenland ground , and in 1973 funding was finally cut and the project was ended .
Now , as part of ongoing investigations into ‘ fenland utopias ' by Cambridge University 's Cambridge Archaeological Unit ( CAU ) , the story of the hovertrain has been rediscovered for a new generation .
The scheme is the subject of a new short film The Train that Floats in the Sky , produced in partnership with Peterborough 's Railworld as part of the Heritage Lottery Fund grant-aided Ouse Washes Landscape Partnership .
Created by motion graphic designer Nick Edwards , the 14-minute film features original period footage and interviews with local researcher Eddy Edwards , Railworld trustee Brian Pearce and CAU director Chris Evans , and captures the moment of discovery of a lost hovertrain archive .
You can watch the film in full , here .
Chrissy Teigen is annoyed none of their pregnancy weight has gone to their butt .
The 32-year-old model is expecting their second child with their 'All of Me ' hitmaker husband John Legend - a baby brother to their 23-month-old daughter Luna - and on Monday ( 19.03.18 ) the brunette beauty took to Twitter to reveal they have put on a total of 40 pounds , but they wish it had all gone to them bottom .
They wrote : `` up 40 pounds and not one ounce went to my butt . please stop shaming the buttless , we are trying ( sic ) ''
Chrissy then joked that they do n't like it when other people tell them they weigh less than them
They added : `` just a heads-up that when a preggo says what they 've gained , you can only share what you gained if it 's more . Not less . THEMS THE RULES ( sic ) ''
The 'Lip Sync Battle ' star previously revealed they are worried that they will suffer with postpartum depression once their son is born , as they did when they gave birth to Luna in April 2016 .
They said : `` Do I worry about it with this little boy ? I do . But I also know that when it does happen - if it does - I 'm so ready for it . I have the perfect people around me for it . That 's why I stand for a real core group of people around me . ''
Chrissy praised their spouse and their family for getting them through it all .
They added : `` I had just had Luna . I knew I had an incredible life and husband and family and all the resources necessary . I knew that I was personally unhappy , but I did n't think that anything was wrong with it because I just assumed that that 's the way it goes . You have a kid , you 're sad , you lose those endorphins and that 's the way it is . I do wish that more people had spoken up around me . I encourage anyone who sees something around them to point it out . It took me to finally sit myself down because I think it 's hard for people to point something out . ''
And that 's not the only fear Chrissy has about being a mother of two , as they previously joked they were worried that Luna would n't like their baby brother .
New Delhi : In a historic first for Indian weightlifting , the country will host the prestigious Asian Championship next year , which will also double up as a qualifying event for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo , the national federation said on Tuesday .
The Championship was awarded to India at the Executive Board Meeting and Congress of the Asian Weightlifting Federation held on April 22 at Urgench , Uzbekistan .
The date and host city of the championship will be announced later .
`` Asian Weightlifting Federation has confirmed after the conclusion of Executive Board Meeting of Asian Weightlifting Federation that the 2019 Edition of Asian Senior ( Men & Women )
Weightlifting Championships has been allotted to India , '' Indian Weightlifting Federation Secretary General Sahdev Yadav said in a release .
`` It is one of 2020 Olympic Qualification Events where more than 300 weightlifters will showcase their prowess and most of Olympic and Asian Games champions will participate in this prestigious event . It 's for the first time in the history of weightlifting that Asian Senior ( Men & Women ) Weightlifting Championships is being hosted by India , '' they added .
The event is a shot in the arm for India in a sport whose profile has been on the rise in recent years .
Currently , Asian weightlifters dominate the world in most weight categories and thus the continental championship has now become a prestigious event on the international calendar .
With the rise of reigning world champion Mirabai Chanu ( women 's 48kg ) and a few others as world-class weightlifters , the sport has taken massive strides in the country in recent years .
A good show by India in the arena as well as on the organisational front in the championship would be another big step in the right direction .
The last edition of the Asian Championship was held in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan , from April 23-29 .
There will be no separate continental championships this year as the events in the Asian Games are counted as Asian Weightlifting Championships of the corresponding year .
EMBED > More News Videos The Centers for Disease Control said another 16 children have died from the flu , bringing the number of flu-associated deaths in kids to 53 so far this season .
The Centers for Disease Control said another 16 children have died from the flu , bringing the number of flu-associated deaths in kids to 53 so far this season.A lot of these cases are normal , healthy children.The CDC said the flu is one of the biggest health threats in America , with about one in 14 patients who set foot in an urgent care clinic or doctor 's office showing flu symptoms . `` I do think we 're only seeing the start of it here in Chicago , '' said Dr. Mike Kupowski , Michigan Avenue Immediate Care.They 're calling the spread of this season 's dominant flu strain complex and difficult to predict.In just the last week , the CDC has seen an increase in flu-like activity and more flu-associated deaths in kids and adults.The latest tracking data is that flu activity is still high and widespread across the country and it 's expected to continue to increase over the next several weeks.Those pediatric deaths , 16 this week and 53 overall , are especially concerning . `` The last time we had this many per week was in 2014-15 . For this season , only around 20 percent of these pediatric deaths had been vaccinated . And half of these children were otherwise healthy , '' said Dr. Dan Jernigan , National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . `` Warning signs of things taking a turn for the worse would be difficulty breathing , a persistent or spike in the fever , being lethargic or difficult to wake up . Those are scary signs for a parent and a reason to call for the doctor , '' said Dr. Anne Schuchat , CDC.As for the mortality rate in adults , the CDC takes a look at the percentage of death certificates in America where influenza is listed as a cause of death . It is up to 9.7 percent for this season.The CDC expects that number may reach or exceed highs from previous years where flu-related deaths peaked.Parents and people who work near the British International School in the Lincoln Park neighborhood said the school is closed due to the flu . The school said it 's because of a stomach virus.But the biggest nightmare for parents today is seeing the number of children killed by flu continue to rise.Parents like Dwight and Clarissa Marroquin are trying to keep their kids occupied as flu season gets even worse . `` You do n't think it could be an epidemic the way things are now . It 's scary . You take things a little more serious than you did in the past , '' Dwight Marroquin said.The newest flu numbers from the CDC show 16 more kids killed by flu in the past week bringing the total this season to a heartbreaking 53 . `` I 'm constantly making them wash their hands and do n't touch things . Especially when we go to the supermarket . You think you 're too paranoid , but can you really be too paranoid when it comes to their lives ? You know ? '' Clarissa Marroquin said.Cook County Health System Infectious Disease Specialist Dr. Sharon Welbel said this time of year you have to be extra careful with your kids . `` So it 's always a balance of wanting one 's child to have a social life and do regular activities but during these peak times of the season it is important to think about what can be particularly high risk areas , '' Welbel said.Think twice about what your kids are touching in public places . Most importantly , `` children that are vaccinated against flu were significantly less likely to die from a flu related illness . So it 's really important to get vaccinated , '' Welbel added . `` It 's really scary . I mean it 's really unbelievable that something like the flu can have kids and adults pass away from such a simple . You think we 're going to get over it in a weekend , you know ? '' said mother Blanca Boyas.Blanca Boyas and their friends are all trying to keep their kids healthy on a cold Chicago day as flu season gets even worse . `` I got worried one of my friends got caught with the flu . One of my friends has been absent for three days ... and I get worried that they actually may have come down with the flu , '' said student Versailles Marroquin.The newest flu numbers from the CDC show 16 more kids killed by flu in the past week , bringing the total this season to a heartbreaking 53 . `` It 's a particularly bad season in terms of numbers . We here are also seeing twice as many cases as we saw last year and the season is n't over yet , '' said Welbel . `` It 's scarier now because you do n't know from one minute to the next how bad it could get , '' said mother Clarissa Marroquin.But as you try to balance your child 's social life this time of year , keep in mind ... '' Children are n't necessarily very good about cleaning their hands or containing their secretions , so avoiding those areas is a good idea . Definitely keeping one 's child at home while they 're sick , rather than bringing them to these public places , '' said Welbel.Doctors say it is not too late to get that vaccine as we are still months away from the end of flu season . As far as the British International School here , it is set to be reopened on Monday.The influenza vaccine is n't especially effective against this season 's dominant strain , but it can help to lessen the symptoms if you contract the virus . Plus , it can still prevent other flu viruses that are circulating.Already sick and struggling to fill a prescription for antiviral meds ? The drugs are still available , but it may be necessary to call around to a few pharmacies .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Marouane Fellaini is facing up to two months out with ligament damage following their ill-fated brief substitute appearance for Manchester United .
Fellaini had been on the pitch for seven minutes during United 's 2-0 defeat to Tottenham at Wembley on Wednesday when they were forced off with a recurring injury .
United boss Jose Mourinho confirmed Fellaini had suffered knee ligament damage and the prognosis is for a six to eight-week lay-off for the Belgium midfielder .
Fellaini was due to undergo a scan on the affected area yesterday and is facing another lengthy lay-off if Mourinho and their medical staff 's worst fears are confirmed .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
The 30-year first suffered the injury on international duty with Belgium at the start of November , sidelining them for month .
They returned for three weeks , but was then ruled out for a further six weeks with a recurrence of the problem on the same knee .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This latest injury setback – a third in four months – could see Fellaini have to undergo surgery to address the ongoing problem that has restricted their appearances for United this season .
Fellaini is out of contract this summer and although Mourinho has said there is a willingness from both United and the player 's side to agree a contract extension , another lengthy spell out could ultimately change that .
Culinary star Fabio Viviani made a tasty Italian dish from a new series they star in called `` Dinner is served by Johnsonville . `` The show , which launched April 6 , delivers authentic surprises by Chef Fabio in several heartfelt episodes where they take deserving Johnsonville members on a culinary adventure they will never forget- treating them to a delicious Italian spread , teaching some of Fabio 's family secrets and more . The heartfelt reality series features authentic surprises , cooking tips and mouth-watering recipes from Chef Fabio.For more about `` Dinner is served by Johnsonville , '' visit : www.dinnerisserved.tv/ 1 package ( 16 ounces ) rigatoni1 package ( 19 ounces ) JOHNSONVILLE Mild Italian Sausage Links2 tablespoons butter1 cup chicken broth1 cup grated Grana Padano cheese or Parmesan cheese , divided4 egg yolksSalt and cracked black pepper to taste1 . Cook pasta according to package directions for al dente doneness ; drain and set aside.2 . Cut sausage into 1-inch chunks.3 . In a large skillet , cook sausage in butter over medium heat until cooked through and browned , about 5-7 minutes.4 . Stir 2/3 c. broth into skillet , scraping up any browned bits . Bring to a gentle boil . Cook and stir until liquid is reduced by half , about 5 minutes.5 . Add rigatoni ; toss to coat.6 . In a bowl , whisk together egg yolks , remaining 1/3 c. broth , and half of the cheese . Stir into skillet . Cook and stir until sauce is thickened and coats the pasta , about 2 minutes.7 . Season with salt and pepper.8 . Sprinkle with the remaining cheese . Enjoy !
The teams with the most penalties awarded in Champions League history are as followed : https : //t.co/QfzDwX51AH pic.twitter.com/AKafmRdwbW
Roy Wood Jr. , a standup comic who 's appeared on the Daily Show and had a Comedy Central special , is a devout Cubs fan . They noticed a trend that began when former adult film actor Mia Khalifa blew up Willson Contreras 's DMs , as they tend to do , and politely requested they work their magic again :
Hello @ MiaKhalifa I come to you on the behalf of all Chicago @ cubs fans w/ an odd request . On Sept 5 you outed Cubs catcher Wilson Contreas for blowing up ya DMs… . pic.twitter.com/ulLMhA4cb2 — Roy Wood Jr- Ex Jedi ( @ roywoodjr ) October 6 , 2017
Since that day the Cubs have had the best record of all NL playoff teams . Reg Season Record after Sept 5 CUBS 17-6
NATIONALS 13-10
ROCKIES 13-10
DODGERS 11-12
DIAMONDBACKS 11-11 — Roy Wood Jr- Ex Jedi ( @ roywoodjr ) October 6 , 2017
As a fellow sports fan I 'm sure you understand the importance of superstition that is why I am asking you to post more DMs you may have received from anyone else on the Cubs . Even Joe Maddon… . — Roy Wood Jr- Ex Jedi ( @ roywoodjr ) October 6 , 2017
No other Cubs ? Derivatives also suffice :
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning . Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
If you do not have any DMs from other Cub players then DM 's from anybody from Chicago will suffice . @ KanyeWest , @ Common @ DeRayDavis , @ LilRel4 , even Bill Murray… — Roy Wood Jr- Ex Jedi ( @ roywoodjr ) October 6 , 2017
Your DM 's are the good luck charm that gave the Cubs playoff momentum . we need you to do this one more time . I know this request essentially make you root against your @ Nationals but nonetheless , # CubsNation thank you and advance for your considerations .
God bless # FlyTheW — Roy Wood Jr- Ex Jedi ( @ roywoodjr ) October 6 , 2017
Finally , a call for Cub fan solidarity .
I 'm calling on all Chicago celebs to slide in @ MiaKhalifa DMs . So you can be outed and in turn help the Cubs win . Please step up and do what 's right . # FlyTheW — Roy Wood Jr- Ex Jedi ( @ roywoodjr ) October 6 , 2017
This is a developing story and we will update it if more information becomes available .
Deshhit : Government determined to act against rape , but make sons more responsible , says PM Modi
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates . Government determined to act against rape , but make sons more responsible , says PM Modi . Watch this video for more information .
You can not post new topics in this forum
You can not reply to topics in this forum
You can not edit your posts in this forum
You can not delete your posts in this forum
You can not post attachments in this forum
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE A mass Friday morning in Wilmington honored police officers , firefighters and others in the public safety sector who have died this past year and a half . 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo Mounted patrol units outside of St. Elizabeth Church Friday morning in Wilmington for the annual Blue Mass . ( Photo : Damian Giletto/The News Journal ) Buy Photo
The lone sound of `` Amazing Grace '' on the bagpipes has played far too often for many first responders in the past year .
Nine times , the Delaware community has come together to say goodbye to its fallen over the past year and a half . Friday 's Blue Mass in Wilmington allowed the state another opportunity to celebrate the lives of first responders yet again – both those who have died and those still serving the community .
`` These men and women embody the Gospel , '' said the Rev . Steven P. Hurley inside St. Elizabeth Church . `` Dying in the service of others – no greater love . ''
SAYING GOODBYE : How firefighters send fallen first responders 'home '
REMEMBERING : Wilmington still grieving one year after Canby Park fire
The service , originally scheduled for May 5 , was postponed earlier this year after Delaware State Police Cpl . Stephen Ballard was gunned down in late April . Because of the date of their memorial service , organizers rescheduled the event to allow for more people to attend .
Buy Photo The Rev . Steven Hurley gives the homily during the annual Blue Mass in Wilmington , which honors public servants who died this past year and a half , on Friday . ( Photo : Damian Giletto/The News Journal )
And late Friday morning , police officers and firefighters filed into pews inside the church to recognize and remember the work of their second families .
During the service , clergy provided the families of the fallen with commemorative plaques honoring their service . The following men and women were honored :
The service also recognized firefighter Brad Speakman , who was seriously injured in the Wilmington fire and recently returned to work .
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Looking back at the Canby Park rowhouse fire that killed three Wilmington firefighters . News Journal Staff
Hurley , who served as a detective in the Ocean City , Maryland , Police Department before entering the seminary for the Diocese of Wilmington , stressed to those gathered Friday that the community must not lose sight of the work done by first responders every day .
`` Thank you for who you are , what you do and how you do it , '' they said . `` You are signs of hope . ''
Contact Brittany Horn at ( 302 ) 324-2771 or bhorn @ delawareonline.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ brittanyhorn .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2017/10/06/first-responders-honored-signs-hope-annual-blue-mass/737111001/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If you 're planning to upgrade your mobile phone this year , then you 'll want to pay attention to Mobile World Congress ( MWC ) 2017 .
Every year , in February , technology companies from around the globe descend on Barcelona to showcase their latest smartphones , tablets and wearable gadgets , and offer a glimpse into our digital future .
This year , big name brands including Sony , LG and Huawei are expected to unveil their new flagship smartphones , while other companies show off innovations in areas such as artificial intelligence , robotics and virtual reality .
`` Over the past three decades , mobile has evolved from an emerging communications technology to a phenomenon that is now at the foundation of everything we do , '' said Michael O'Hara , chief marketing officer at the GSMA , which runs MWC .
( Photo : GSMA )
`` It has inextricably changed how we communicate , interact , work and play as individuals , and it 's transforming entire industries , bringing new levels of productivity and efficiency to enterprises .
`` The 2017 edition of Mobile World Congress will highlight just how elemental mobile has become in our everyday lives and the positive impact it is having for billions of people around the world . ''
Here 's everything you need to know about MWC 2017 :
Where is it ?
Barcelona has long been the home of MWC , with the Fira Gran Via acting as the focal point .
Events will also take place at Fira Montjuïc .
( Photo : GSMA )
When is it ?
MWC 2017 officially runs from Monday February 27 to Thursday March 2 .
However , products will start to be unveiled from Sunday February 26 , with many of the big product announcements being made before the event starts .
Who will be there ?
More than 2,200 companies will exhibit at Mobile World Congress 2017 , including major tech brands such as Google , HTC , Huawei , Intel , Lenovo , LG , Microsoft , Nokia , Samsung and Sony .
Mobile operators such as O2 and Vodafone will also be there , as well as a number of car companies such as Ford , Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagen .
( Photo : MOBILE WORLD CONGRESS )
As well as the halls filled with technology , MWC hosts a series of lectures , keynote speeches and round-table discussions with industry bigwigs .
Keynote speakers at this year 's show include John Hanke , founder and CEO of Niantic , which makes Pokémon Go , Reed Hastings , founder and CEO of Netflix , and Rajeev Suri , President and CEO of Nokia .
The GSMA expects that more than 101,000 professionals from across the mobile industry and adjacent sectors will attend MWC 2017 .
What should you expect ?
A few of the big companies have already released teasers for their new mobile handsets , while others have confirmed that they wo n't be announcing new products at the show .
( Photo : GSMA )
Here 's a rundown of what we know so far :
Samsung often unveils its new flagship smartphone at MWC , including last year 's Galaxy S7 , but the company 's mobile head DJ Koh has told Reuters that the Galaxy S8 wo n't be making an appearance at this year 's show .
However , the company has sent out invitations to a press conference on February 26 , where it is widely expected to unveil its latest iPad rival , the Galaxy Tab S3 .
At the other end of the spectrum , Sony is reportedly planning to unveil a bumper crop of five new smartphones at MWC , including a new flagship with a 5.5-inch 4K display , optimised for virtual reality .
LG has already sent out invitations to an event on 26 February , where it is expected to unveil the G6 smartphone , which is rumoured to feature a display with an 18:9 aspect ratio and a bezel-free edge-to-edge display .
The company is said to have abandoned its efforts with modular smartphones , after the G5 handset failed to ignite consumer interest .
Huawei is said to be preparing to unveil its P10 handset - a successor to the P9 with a Leica dual camera system .
Leaked images seem to show that the new device will have a curved-edge display , similar to that found on the Galaxy S7 edge . The pictures , obtained by Tech2 , also show the famous Leica dual-lens camera that debuted with the P9 last year .
As with most other smartphones these days , the P10 appears to be coming in two different sizes . There will be a larger ( and probably more expensive ) P10 Plus launched at the same time .
Having insisted that the U Ultra , unveiled a few weeks ago , is not its flagship device , many assumed that HTC was saving its follow-up to the One M10 for MWC .
( Photo : PA )
However , the HTC 's president of smartphones , Chialin Chang , appears to have thrown cold water on the theory , claiming that the company wo n't be unveiling any devices featuring Qualcomm 's latest top-of-the-range processor , the Snapdragon 835 .
Nokia recently heralded its return to the mobile market with the launch of its first Android phone , the Nokia 6 , in China . The brand is now owned by Finnish company HMD Global , which outsources its manufacturing to Chinese consumer electronics company FIH Mobile .
Nokia is supposedly set to reveal its biggest product ever at MWC 2017 - a new tablet with an 18.4-inch screen , powered by Android Nougat - as well as several smartphones .
However , people are most excited about rumours that HMD could resurrect one of Nokia 's most beloved handsets , the `` indestructible '' 3310 .
As usual , Apple wo n't be attending MWC . The iPhone maker prefers to hold its own launch events , so do n't expect to see anything sporting the familiar Apple logo at MWC .
( Photo : GSMA )
Anything else ?
Despite what the name might suggest , MWC is about much more than just mobile phones . Expect to see gadgets covering a whole range of technology trends , including artificial intelligence , drones , the Internet of Things ( IoT ) , robotics , virtual reality and augmented reality .
In the Drone Zone , attendees can learn about the latest developments in drone technology , including live demonstrations in the “ flying cage ” , while the Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Zone will be dedicated to the evolution and advancement of robot technology .
( Photo : GSMA )
Attendees will also have the opportunity immerse themselves in a series of 360-degree experiences in the Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Zone or visit the IoT Pavilion to see how millions of `` things '' are getting connected , creating smart homes , smart cities and smart industries .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JACQUELINE DORMER/STAFF PHOTO Richard Fries , Pottsville , conducts The Pottsville Third Brigade Band on Sunday during the New Year 's Day Celebration at The Lodge at Sharp Mountain in Pottsville . JACQUELINE DORMER/STAFF PHOTOJustin Miller , Orwigsburg , holds their son , Parker , 2 , as they motion their arms like a conductor during the playing of “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” by The Pottsville Third Brigade Band on Sunday during the New Year 's Day Celebration at The Lodge at Sharp Mountain in Pottsville on Sunday . Parker 's mother , Dana , plays trumpet with the band .
The Third Brigade Band welcomed 2017 at a new venue this year : The Lodge at Sharp Mountain .
Instead of Pine View Acres , Mill Creek , Pottsville , the band played at the The Lodge at Sharp Moutain — the former Pottsville Club that opened June 30 , 2016 .
“ We 're really happy to have the Third Brigade Band back here , ” Keith Maley , who owns the site with their father , Robert Maley , said .
The location brought back memories for those who previously attended the event held there . The Pottsville Club closed in October 2013 .
“ It 's like history coming back , ” Hugh Reiley , chairperson of the Schuylkill County Democratic Party , said .
They played the tuba in the band for at least 20 years before giving it up due to scheduling conflicts . The current band director , Richard Fries , was their band director at Pottsville Area High School .
“ They did a really nice job fixing it up . It 's an asset to the community , ” Reiley said of the club .
Members arrived at 11:30 a.m. for their 90-minute performance . Fries welcomed everyone to the event .
Those attending could also enjoy a traditional New Year 's Day meal of pork and sauerkraut . Cost to attend was $ 5 to listen to the band an and extra $ 25 for the meal .
Father Christopher M. Zelonis of the St. Michael the Archangel Roman Catholic Church , Minersville , was one of the approximate 35 members in attendance . They have been a member off and on for 16 years . They started playing the trumpet when they were 11 .
“ It challenges me to be a better player , ” Zelonis said of why they like to play in the band .
Their wish for those who listen and those yet to do so is to understand the “ richness ” of musical talent in the county .
The national anthem was the first piece of music played . Other tunes included “ When You Wish Upon A Star , ” “ Stars and Stripes Forever ” and “ America rhe Beautiful. ” In all , 16 musical pieces were played .
Justin Miller , 32 , of Orwigsburg , was sitting with their son , Parker , 2 , listening to the music . Miller 's wife , Dana , 32 , plays the trumpet in the band , something they have been doing occasionally through high school , they said .
“ It 's a nice setting for the start of a new year , ” they said .
Lisa Rutecky , 36 , of Manville , New Jersey , was there with their son , Liam , 5 , and their mother-in-law , Christine Rutecky , 64 , of Palo Alto , to watch the men in their family play in the band . William Stanley Rutecky and William Louis Rutecky both play the tuba . The former is Christine 's husband , while the latter is their son and Lisa 's husband .
“ It 's nice to come every year , ” Lisa said about seeing the band .
Christine said they like what the staff at the lodge has done with the building and wishes them good luck with their business in the future .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Relatives are desperately searching for two young sisters and their parents missing following the devastating Grenfell Tower inferno .
Tazmin Belkadi , 6 , sister Malek , 10 , mum Farah Hamdan and dad Omar Belkadi have not been seen since the blaze .
Distraught grandfather Rkia Hamdan has been searching hospitals and sharing updates on social media in a bid to trace the family of four .
They told The Sun : `` We ca n't find them .
( Photo : Twitter/KidsofWorld )
`` They 've got two little girls Tazmin and Malek and we 're just so upset and worried about them . ''
`` We just want them home . It 's so upsetting . ”
A mum and their young son are also feared dead after reportedly being told to stay inside their flat as fire engulfed the building .
Zainab Dean , who lived on the 14th floor with their son Jeremiah , two , not been heard from since the blaze in the early hours of Wednesday morning .
When their brother Francis Dean , 47 , spoke with them on the phone , they said they had been told to remain in their flat .
( Photo : Facebook )
Mr Dean said : “ My sister called me to say there was a fire in the tower .
“ I told them to leave by the stairs but they said they had been told to stay inside their flat . That was in the early hours of today and I 've not heard from them since . I fear the worst . ”
They added a firefighter had borrowed their phone during the blaze to speak to Zainab .
Mr Dean said : “ He told them to keep calm and that they were coming to get them They kept saying that to them again and again . But then they handed me the phone and said , ‘ Tell them you love her ' .
“ I knew then to fear the worst . The phone went dead and I could not talk to her . ”
( Photo : Facebook )
Three generations of the same family are feared to have died inside their flat during the horror blaze in west London .
The daughter of teaching assistant Nadia Choucair rang their best friend in the early hours and said : “ We 're not going to make it . I love you . ”
Hers was among a number of families unaccounted for tonight as relatives and friends frantically sought news of loved ones living in the tower .
Police said 12 people died in the inferno , but witnesses reported seeing “ many more ” bodies at the scene .
Nadia , their husband , their three daughters and the girls ' grandmother have all been missing since the fire .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One local , who gave their name as Hulya , 42 , said : “ It 's just awful , absolutely devastating . One of the daughters rang their friend saying they were n't going to make it and that they loved them She 's about 13 . Nobody has been able to contact any of them since .
Doctor who treated Grenfell Tower fire victims reveals hidden home danger that could prove fatal in a blaze
“ There are three daughters . One is about two , [ another ] is at primary school , the other at secondary school . The mum is a teaching assistant at my children 's school , everybody loves her . ”
A family of seven living on the 18th floor were also missing . Amina Hassan , 48 , said the relatives had been trapped inside their flat .
( Photo : /Twitter )
They added bodies were gathered in an area behind their own flat , and claimed there were “ far more ” victims than police had confirmed .
Hana Wahabi , 39 , had lost contact with their brother Aziz El Wahabi , their wife Fouzia and their three children Nurhouda , Yassin and Mehdi .
They said : “ They live on the 21st floor . I rang them and the fire had not reached the top of the block at that point . They said they had been told to stay inside , stay in one room together and put towels under the door .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Photo : Twitter )
“ I told them to leave . They said they were going to come . Then I called them and they said there was too much smoke .
“ The last time I saw them they were waving out the window . The last time I spoke to their wife , they were on the phone to the fire brigade . ”
Ahmed Chellat , 60 , was also desperately waiting for news of the El Wahabi family . They have not heard from their sister-in-law , brother-in-law or their three children since the blaze .
( Photo : Twitter )
'Lessons learned ? Obviously not ' : Dad whose daughter died in 2009 tower blaze says Grenfell tragedy brings back nightmare
Mr Chellat said : “ I was on the phone to their saying , ‘ get out ' . But they said they had been told to stick towels under the door , stay inside and wait to be rescued .
“ She said , ‘ Smoke is coming under the doors ' , then I got cut off . That is the last time I heard from her . ”
Locals feared a couple and three of their four children had perished in their flat on the top floor of the 24-storey building .
( Photo : Twitter )
Yasmin Bayoudi , 17 , said the surviving brother was injured escaping and had tried desperately to contact the rest of their family . They said : “ His whole family was on the top floor and nobody could get hold of them . Their mum , dad , two brothers and sister . ”
Mum-of-two Ranya Ibrahim , who was trapped at the top of the tower , sent a friend a harrowing Snapchat message in the early hours as the fire spread .
The 30-year-old also wrote : “ Forgive me everyone . Goodbye . ”
( Photo : PA )
Them friend Maseen said : “ She lives on the top floor with their two children , who are just three and five . I received a Snapchat video from Ranya at 3am , just after the fire started . I have n't heard from them since . ”
Genet Shawo was yesterday searching for five-year-old son Isaac Paulos after they became separated .
The mum of two said : “ We were on the 18th floor . The smoke was so thick , we could n't see . A neighbour took Isaac 's hand and I had my other son Lucas ; he 's three .
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Distraught mother searching for 12-year-old daughter after accidentally letting go of their hand while escaping down pitch black Grenfell Tower stairwell
“ We went downstairs , but when we got outside Isaac was n't there . I saw the neighbour and said , ‘ Where 's my son ? ' . They said he 'd left him . ”
Relatives were concerned about 12-year-old Jessica Urbano , who lived on the 20th floor with their mum and older sister . Aunt Sandra Ruiz said : “ She was with a group of people in the fire escape , in the fire stairs .
“ My sister-in-law was just coming back from work , as was my older niece . Jessica called them to say this has happened . They were a few minutes away That 's the last they heard of them We 're desperately worried . ”
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Mariem Elgwahry , 27 , and their mother Eslah , 64 , who lived on the 19th floor , were feared to be victims , as were Khadija Saye , 24 , and mum Mary , who lived on the 20th floor .
Artist Khadija had posted a terrifying message on Facebook at 3am . They wrote : “ Please pray for me , there 's a fire in my council block . I ca n't leave the flat . Please pray for me and my mum. ” Tottenham MP David Lammy , a family friend , posted a plea for information .
More residents unaccounted for last night included Saber Neda , who lived in a top-floor flat . They stayed behind after urging wife Shakila , 45 , and son Farhad , 24 , to flee .
Their nephew Rashad Naqshbandi , 24 , said Mr Neda stopped answering their phone at around 6am yesterday .
Mr Naqshbandi said : “ He lived with their wife and son , who are both in a coma because of smoke .
New Grenfell Tower cladding which 'may have helped fire spread ' was added to improve view from nearby luxury houses
“ I 've already lost a friend , Yasin , and their whole family . I know they 're dead because they barricaded themselves in. ” They added : “ People were all calm . The only way there were all calms is that they were told everything is under control . Then when the fire came they were screaming , ‘ help , help ' . ”
Ali Yawar Jafari , 82 , had been in a lift with their wife and daughter , but they were separated when they got out early .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Jafari 's son Hamid Jafari said : “ He was with my mother and sister in the lift . They said the lift stopped on the 10th floor and they said there was too much smoke and they could n't breathe , and they got out of the lift . Then the doors shut and it did n't stop again till the ground floor . ”
Another pensioner , 75-year-old Abdel Salam , is feared to be among the victims after they rang their sons and told them : “ I ca n't breathe . ”
Nura Jamal , who lived on the 23rd floor , is feared to have perished with their two sons , aged six and 11 . They rang a friend at 2am and said : “ Forgive me , the fire is here , I 'm dying. ” A friend said : “ I just hope they escaped . I 've cried , everyone has cried . This will devastate everyone in the local area . ”
'It 's my duty to help ' : Nurse ran towards burning tower block to help victims 'spitting out black tar '
Friends of Steven Pile , who lived on the 12th floor , were also concerned . Elvis Burke , 50 , said : “ He rescued their niece but they stayed to save their dogs and nobody 's heard from him . ”
Italian couple Gloria Trevisan and Marco Gottardi , both 27 , were also missing . The pair , from Venice , had only been in London for three months and Gloria was due to return to Italy today . They lived on the 23rd floor .
Marco 's father Giannino said they called their son when they heard about the fire . They said : “ He played down the incident , I think to reassure us .
“ At the last contact , they informed us that their apartment was flooded by smoke and that the situation was an emergency . Then nothing . We only hope for a miracle . ”
Others who had not been heard from last night included Sheila Smith , 84 , Raymond Bernard , 65 , Mo Tucco and Hesham El-Raaman , 57 .
Duchenne Drug Delayed After Outrage Over Price
Enlarge this image toggle caption Business Wire
In response to outrage from patients and lawmakers , Marathon Pharmaceuticals has delayed the launch of an $ 89,000 drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
The company had announced the annual list price for Emflaza , which is a steroid , after the Food and Drug Administration approved the drug Thursday .
Emflaza is approved as an orphan drug , which means it is intended to treat a rare disease . Duchenne is an inherited disorder that causes muscles to become weak . There is no cure for the condition , which mainly affects boys , but some drugs , including Emflaza , are used to lessen symptoms .
For years , many American patients have imported deflazacort , the generic version of Emflaza , for about $ 1,200 a year . But because the medicine was n't approved in the U.S. , the cost of the medicine was n't typically covered by insurers .
That contrast in price between became a flash point Monday as Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , and Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Md. , sent a letter to Marathon on Monday morning demanding answers about the $ 89,000 price for a drug that is n't new . It has been used routinely by Duchenne patients in the U.S. since at least 2005 .
`` We believe Marathon is abusing our nation 's 'orphan drug ' program , which grants companies seven years of market exclusivity to encourage research into new treatments for rare diseases — not to provide companies like Marathon with lucrative market exclusivity rights for drugs that have been available for decades , '' Sanders and Cummings wrote .
Marathon said FDA approval would help more patients get the drug .
`` Our goal in commercializing Emflaza all along has been to make it available to that broader set of patients who is a prior to FDA approval have not had access to the therapy , '' said a statement attributed to Marathon CEO Jeffrey Aronin that was read Monday to a meeting of parents , patients and advocates in Washington , D.C. `` We are pausing our launch , which has not yet taken place . We have not sold any new product and will pause that process . ''
But patients and their families cried foul .
`` What you 're doing is robbing my insurance company , '' said Dana Edwards , a mother from New Jersey whose 12-year-old has taken deflazacort , the generic version of the drug , since they were 5 .
Pat Furlong , the president and founder of Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy , which sponsored the Monday conference , read the statement to an outraged crowd in a conference room at the Mayflower Hotel .
`` Since last week 's approval , they 've heard from all of us , '' they said . Furlong told the audience that complaints from patients helped to prompt Marathon 's action .
The company , Furlong read , will continue to offer patients an expanded access program , which allows about 800 patients to receive the drug from the company . More can join that program free , and patients can continue importing the drug from Canada or `` wherever they are getting it , '' the statement said .
In January , Kaiser Health News and NPR published an investigation that found the orphan drug law intended to help desperate patients is being manipulated by drugmakers for financial gain .
Republican Rep. Robert Aderholt , the chairperson of the appropriations subcommittee that funds the FDA , called Marathon 's announcement a `` tipping point . '' And they said the astronomical increase in deflazacort 's price `` makes me question whether the current construct of how the FDA approves orphan drugs does more harm than good if companies have found a way to game the system . ''
At Monday 's meeting , Marathon executives presented a slideshow on financial assistance for patients , as well as details on the drug 's expected availability . Emflaza was set to hit the market by mid-March , said Eric Messner , vice president of sales and marketing for Marathon .
Messner said the drug would cost $ 50,000 to $ 54,000 after rebates and discounts to insurers . `` I know there has been a lot of discussion about that . How did we arrive at the price ? '' Messner said .
An audience member interrupted Messner asking if the company had talked to patients and families about the price .
They offered assurance that they did and said there would be an ongoing dialogue with patient groups . `` We expect that patients will experience a low or zero out-of-pocket experience , '' they said .
Late Monday , Marathon released an official statement and open letter to the Duchenne community , promising that `` price should not be a barrier '' for patients . `` Put simply we expect patients will pay a standard copay of typically $ 20 or less per prescription .
Edwards , the New Jersey mother , said they hope President Trump will fulfill their vow to bring down high drug prices .
Kaiser Health News ' coverage of prescription drug development , costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Every year tens of thousands descend upon Twickenham .
However for one weekend at the beginning of the summer , it 's not for one of England 's gladiatorial Six Nations battles .
Instead they visit the RFU 's HQ for a two-day fancy dress rugby festival . Punters young and old come in their numbers kitted out in costumes from smurfs to snow white to enjoy the sun and watch some of the best international sevens players on the planet .
Although this does n't sound like the ideal atmosphere for a fiercely competitive international sport to thrive in , England Captain Tom Mitchell sees it differently .
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : Getty Images )
England 's Eddie Jones stands by training regime that has injured FIFTEEN Red Rose stars in two years
“ I think the main thing for us players , what we feed off , is just the buzz . If people are there to enjoy themselves then as far as I 'm concerned that 's a brilliant thing . I love the fancy dress , the more creative the better and that certainly adds to it ” .
Double Rugby World Cup winner Sonny Bill Williams and South African speedster Bryan Habana are just two in a long list of greats to have graced the Twickenham turf for the London Sevens .
Despite the appreciation for the Sevens within the rugby community , the sport still has a lot of catching up to do . The England captain feels that growth should be expected .
“ We 'll end up with other Sevens tournaments , whether they are international or professional leagues being developed . It might be an avenue where both things [ Sevens and fifteens ] can work together . A bit like Test cricket and T20 . ”
The way England player and all-time leading Sevens try scorer Dan Norton describes the game you can see the similarities to T20 Cricket .
They say fans can expect `` a lot of exciting rugby , a lot of exciting sport , high octane . Generally the games only last 14 minutes and are quite short chunks of excitement . A lot of tackles and a lot of tries .
Chris Ashton eyes an England recall inspired by Danny Cipriani 's Red Rose rebirth - but first has a point to prove playing AGAINST them
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : Getty Images )
The first time Sevens truly gripped the nation was during the 2016 Rio Olympics where England lost in the final to Fiji .
Despite only taking home a silver Dan Norton “ to see the small teams doing well is obviously pretty special , the whole thing about Sevens is , you see teams like Kenya and Spain doing really well in the Sevens world and it 's competitive throughout , and there 's quite a few shake-ups on a weekend ”
The HSBC London Sevens takes place at Twickenham Stadium on Saturday and Sunday 3 June . Get your tickets here .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When someone asks me about the time I interviewed Karen Matthews during the disappearance of their daughter Shannon , the first thing they say is : `` Did you believe her ? ''
I did .
I was a young journalist on my first paper , the Dewsbury Reporter , and the cameras , video vans , hardened national hacks and TV news anchors vying for exclusives were an eye opener .
It did n't take long for them to start dragging Dewsbury down . The town and its people were trashed in the national press .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Yet on the estate , friendly people welcomed me in and told me Moorside was a nice place to live , where everyone on the council house waiting list hoped they 'd find a home .
They described how they 'd been out looking for Shannon every night . People of all ages were putting posters up , searching the streets , meeting in the community house , finding a way to support Karen and their family .
The nationals camped out up there , but the Reporter had a small team and it was hard to compete .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Even so , we went back day after day hoping to speak to Karen . They never answered the door . A friend or a police officer always turned us away .
Two weeks after Shannon went missing , I went up and saw Karen 's partner Craig Meehan seeing a reporter out .
I ran over and , explaining I was a reporter from the local paper , asked if they and Karen would speak to me .
Craig agreed and told me to come back in an hour , so , together with our chief photographer Ken Mann , I went back up , and Craig let me in .
Children 's shoes lined the stairs . The living room was to our left . Painted sky blue , it had a wallpaper border I guessed the children had been picking at .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Pictures of the children covered the walls , and there was a portrait of Shannon , with their sister and brother on the chimney breast .
A friend played games on the computer in the corner , while children sat on the sofa watching TV .
Karen was sitting on a brown leather chair . Craig crouched next to her , and they leant on their shoulder .
I was expecting Karen to break down during our interview . I 'd seen their desperate television appeal after Shannon went missing and I thought she 'd be in an even worse state .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
But their eyes were vacant and distant . They barely said a word .
Karen stared at me as I asked about their feelings as a mother , then looked at Craig who answered almost every question .
I 'd worried they might feel the camera snapping away was intrusive , but they barely seemed to notice .
It was strange , but I guessed Karen did n't know how to cope . Perhaps the doctor had to sedate them
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
After an hour , in which I 'd only had a handful of words from Karen , we went on our way .
Looking back over my notes , it was hard to write the story . Karen had said so little .
She 'd told me they had barely been able to enter Shannon 's bedroom since they went missing .
They said : `` We know she 's alive . All we can keep thinking is she 's safe and well . Them not being here - it 's just not right not hearing them voice . I feel empty without them
`` We were just a normal family but now we do n't feel like a family . Something has been taken out . I 'm so glad I 've got Craig - he 's been like a rock for me .
`` The little ones do n't understand it but their older brother is finding it hard to come to terms with . Courtney just keeps calling out for her . ''
Shannon was found the following Friday . Someone phoned us saying they 'd seen a little girl being brought out of a flat in Batley Carr .
The Moorside estate was swamped with journalists , helicopters flying overhead . We were all waiting for Karen and Shannon to come home - but of course , that never happened .
( Photo : PA )
Years have passed and I 've often thought about that interview . Why did I believe them ?
But although Karen 's behaviour was odd that day , it was n't suspicious . And the woman I met was hardly a criminal mastermind . The actions of those involved in Shannon 's disappearance were used by the national press to vilify an entire town .
But the BBC 1 drama The Moorside has shone a light on what those of us in Dewsbury already knew .
A good place and good people who wanted nothing more than to get Shannon home - and they did everything they could to find them
A version of this story originally appeared in the Huddersfield Examiner
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JACQUELINE DORMER/STAFF PHOTO Jacqueline Seritti , Mahanoy City , talks on Saturday about the day they met the late actor Debbie Reynolds in Las Vegas in 1997 . JACQUELINE DORMER/STAFF PHOTO Jacqueline Seritti , Mahanoy City , holds a photograph of themselves with Debbie Reynolds in Las Vegas from 1997 on Saturday at their home . Seritti is seen back right in the photograph . Also in the photograph is former Llewellyn resident George E. Acaley , Boynton Beach , Florida , back left , and their mother Wilhilmina “ Billie ” Acaley , front right .
MAHANOY CITY — A borough woman said meeting the late Debbie Reynolds is something they will not forget .
“ It was a moment to remember , ” Jacqueline Seritti said Saturday .
Seritti met Reynolds in July 1997 at the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas . They were on a trip with a friend , George Acaley , and their mother , Wilhilmina “ Billie ” Acaley . Acaley took their mother on a cross-country trip for their 90th birthday that included stops in California , Nevada , Utah , Texas and Georgia , to name a few .
Reynolds could not have been nicer when the three met , Seritti said .
Acaley was dressed as Elvis and Seritti as Priscilla , they said . Acaley 's mother was not in costume .
“ We were all excited , ” Seritti said .
They described Reynolds as “ an absolutely stunning woman . ”
After the show in which Reynolds sang and danced , they talked with the audience .
“ She was a star . A true star . They kept my attention , ” Seritti said of the Hollywood legend .
Reynolds asked where Seritti was from , and Seritti told them a little about their life .
“ As soon as they sat down , you felt like you were family . That 's what kind of person they are . I was a big fan , ” they said .
The approximately 10-minute encounter is something they look back on , especially now since Reynolds passed away Wednesday , one day after their daughter , Carrie Fisher , died .
Seritti learned of Fisher 's death by reading the paper . Upon hearing the news , they were shocked .
“ God bless them soul . They have peace now , ” they said of Reynolds . “ It 's a big heartbreak when you lose a child . ”
Seritti said they know the heartbreak of losing a child , as a son of theirs died years ago .
“ It 's just a real tragedy , ” they said of the deaths of Fisher and Reynolds .
Reynolds ' death has caused Seritti to look for some old movies of Reynolds ' to watch . Them favorite is “ Singing in the Rain. ” The movie stars Reynolds , Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor .
Seritti said they also watched the “ Star Wars ” movies previously and even had their hair in buns like the character Princess Leia .
Of Reynolds , they said , “ She was for real . They were so very real . ”
Them death hit home .
“ I feel so very sorry , ” Seritti said .
A total of 206 drivers had their cars or vans seized at the side of the road due to them lacking proper insurance cover or a valid driving licence , during a week-long crackdown .
Uninsured drivers were targeted by Police Scotland , in partnership with the Motor Insurers ' Bureau ( MIB ) , during a week of action which started on Monday , January 30 and ended on Sunday , February 5 .
A total of 349 drivers were detected for driving while uninsured during the campaign , and during the same period , 206 vehicles were seized for being uninsured or unlicensed .
The campaign , which was delivered through a combination of mobile and static road checks throughout Scotland , involved officers from Police Scotland 's Road Policing Division , who were deployed with the latest intelligence to target uninsured drivers and hotspot areas.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Superintendent Fraser Candlish , deputy head of Road Policing for Police Scotland , said the statistics show there are motorists who continue to drive without insuring their vehicles .
They said : “ These figures demonstrate there are still some drivers who continue to drive their vehicle without proper insurance cover .
“ Although the campaign has now ended , we will continue to stop those drivers using uninsured vehicles and remove their vehicles from the roads . ”
​Neil Drane , Head of Enforcement Services , at MIB said : “ The significant assistance offered by Police Scotland in running the week of action has been invaluable .
“ Proving there is nowhere to hide and with over 200 uninsured vehicles being seized from uninsured drivers , the roads of Scotland are safer for now .
“ It is clear that the partnership approach between MIB and Police Scotland will need to continue to target uninsured drivers and we look forward to forging an even more effective partnership by increasingly working together in the months ahead . ”
Transport Minister Humza Yousaf welcomed the campaign : “ Police Scotland and the Motor Insurers Bureau 's joint campaign has successfully highlighted to drivers in Scotland the importance of having the correct insurance in place at all times .
“ The Scottish Government is committed , through Scotland 's Road Safety Framework to 2020 , to achieving safer road travel in Scotland through a partnership approach . ”
They added : “ I hope my example reminds others to check their policies to make sure they are properly insured at all times of the year , and I remain committed to my work to striving towards the challenging casualty reduction targets set out in the Framework . ”
Andy Barcham has voiced their frustration that AFC Wimbledon 's style switch has not yielded more points .
The Dons winger reckons fans can see the direction that manager Neal Ardley is trying to take the club in terms of tactics – shifting away from a direct style of play .
With totemic targetman Tom Elliott stepping up to the Championship with Millwall in the summer , there has been a moved to a more refined passing game .
But Wimbledon is the lowest scorers in League One with just five goals from their 11 matches .
Barcham , who has scored two of them , said : “ It 's very frustrating .
“ The performances are there . I think the fans stand with us and can see the performance levels , which is great for us as players , to know they are behind us . ”
Elliott was a successful outlet for balls forward in the 2016-17 campaign .
“ That 's the way we went last season , ” said Barcham . “ This season we 're trying to go a different way . It 's very easy to say we should go back to how we used to play , when it 's not going well .
“ It 's definitely something the gaffer 's thinking about , bringing [ defender ] Darius [ Charles ] on in that position [ for the final quarter of Saturday 's 0-0 draw at home to Rochdale .
“ He has certainly got that in their locker . When they came on they worked hard , they were strong and they won theirs headers .
“ We 've been playing some attractive football at times , and very enjoyable football .
“ It helps so much to have the crowd cheering us on and at times they were almost dragging the ball towards [ the Rochdale ] end and helping us keep them pinned back . ”
Russians In Moscow Celebrate 6 More Years Of Putin On Sunday , Vladimir Putin won the Russian presidential election by a landslide . NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly was in Moscow to witness the late-night celebrations of another six years of Putin in power .
An East Setauket middle schooler making their second trip to the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington , D.C. , was knocked out in the preliminaries of the contest on Wednesday .
Ryan Himmelsbach , 14 , had survived Round 2 on Tuesday by correctly spelling “ chevalet. ” In Round 3 on Wednesday , they misspelled “ dominium . ”
Ryan , an eighth-grader at Paul J. Gelinas Junior High School in the Three Village school district , was sponsored by Hofstra University . Earlier this year , they won the 2018 Hofstra Long Island Regional Scripps Spelling Bee .
In the national bee last year , Ryan finished in a tie for 41st place . — Robert Brodsky
Gas Leak At BP Oil Well In Alaska Has Been Stopped
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. EPA/AP U.S. EPA/AP
On Friday , employees of BP Exploration Alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on Alaska 's North Slope , near the community of Deadhorse . Soon after , they determined that the well was also spraying a mist of crude oil .
BP reported the leak and formed a `` unified command , '' which included responders from Alaska 's Department of Environmental Conservation , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , and the North Slope Borough .
The well vented gas throughout the weekend . By Sunday , the crude was no longer spraying , and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas .
On Monday , nearly three days after the leak was found , ADEC announced the unified command had to managed to `` kill '' the well overnight and end the gas leak .
`` The area impacted is limited to gravel , '' says Candice Bressler , spokesperson for ADEC . `` There have been no reports of impacted wildlife . '' Oil droplets were found on about 1.5 acres of the well 's drill pad , according to The Associated Press .
The community of Nuiqsut , 50 miles west of the site , had been notified of the incident , but was not evacuated .
`` Responders determined that the well had 'jacked up , ' or risen , approximately 3 – 4 feet ; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure gauge to break off and prevented operations from pumping into the well to kill it , '' ADEC reported .
BP began drilling at the massive Prudhoe Bay oil field in 1968 . It has generated more than 12 billion barrels of oil , according to BP , and remains one of North America 's largest oil fields .
The leak happened amid efforts to boost output from aging wells and reach new supplies in the North Slope 's oil fields , reports Bloomberg :
`` North Slope production rose to 565,000 barrels a day in March , its highest level since December 2013 . That 's still down by almost three-quarters from the peak of more than 2 million barrels in the late 1980s . ''
In a 2011 settlement with the Department of Justice , BP agreed to pay a $ 25 million civil penalty and carry out a `` system-wide integrity management program '' after it spilled more than 5,000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on Alaska 's North Slope in 2006 . Five years later , BP agreed to pay more than $ 20 billion in penalties for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon accident and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
As Others Slam The Door , Spain 's New Government Opens Arms To Migrant Ships While some European countries are turning away migrants rescued at sea , Spain is taking them in . A ship carrying dozens of asylum-seekers arrived today in prosperous and welcoming Barcelona .
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
As Downing Street draws up its third model for handling customs after the UK leaves the EU , many questions remain over the impact the country 's withdrawal from the European Union will have on business .
When the Government triggered Article 50 in March 2017 , many companies remained tight-lipped about their plans regarding Brexit .
But with less than nine months to go until the UK splits from the Union , businesses are beginning to voice and implement their plans .
In Bristol there are serious concerns about the impact the departure could have on industry .
Airbus , which employs thousands of people at Filton , has already warned it could pull out of Bristol ( and the UK ) if Britain crashes out of the EU with a “ no-deal ” Brexit .
The same questions about tax , mobility , skills and regulation are being raised by businesses across the city .
There is much debate in the region around the impact Brexit will have , and the challenges and opportunities it will create .
Bristol City Region Brexit Assembly
( Image : iStockphoto )
The Bristol Post is launching the Bristol City Region Brexit Assembly – a 12-month-long series of events and debates around Brexit , and is encouraging businesses in the city to get involved .
The events , which will be apolitical , will bring together heads of industry from the Bristol region in sectors including finance , law , manufacturing and tech , to discuss the key challenges for the city and how businesses can continue to thrive after leaving the EU .
Bristol Post business editor Hannah Baker said : “ This is an exciting opportunity for Bristol 's business community to come together and be involved in discussions on how the city will be shaped after Brexit .
“ We will be sharing ideas on how to address the challenges facing business , such as skills and talent , while also looking at any opportunities that might arise .
“ It 's an uncertain time for business , but now is also the time to be making decisions .
“ Bristol is a thriving hub of enterprise and Brexit is not going to change that – but this is a chance for the voice of Bristol 's businesses to be heard . ”
The Bristol City Region Brexit Assembly , which is being sponsored by PwC and Business West , will hold its first event in Bristol city centre in September .
To get involved or for information about becoming a partner , contact robert.rodgerson @ reach plc.com
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY .
Still image taken from a video released by the U.S. Department of Defense on April 14 , 2017 shows the moment after a MOAB , or 'mother of all bombs ' , struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan , bordering Pakistan where U.S. officials said a network of tunnels and caves was being used by militants linked to Islamic State . U.S. Department of Defense/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY .
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY .
Still image taken from a video released by the U.S. Department of Defense on April 14 , 2017 shows the moment before a MOAB , or 'mother of all bombs ' , struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan , bordering Pakistan where U.S. officials said a network of tunnels and caves was being used by militants linked to Islamic State . U.S. Department of Defense/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY .
WASHINGTON The 11-ton `` mother of all bombs '' dropped by U.S. forces on ISIS-linked fighters in Afghanistan are a highly specialised weapon with a heritage dating back to huge bombs developed for use against Nazi targets in World War Two .
The 21,600-pound ( 9,797-kg ) GBU-43 ( Guided Bomb Unit ) , one of only 15 ever built , was developed after the U.S. military found itself without the ordnance needed to deal with al Qaeda tunnel systems in the hunt for Osama Bin Laden in 2001 .
But the Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb , or MOAB , as it is also known , had never been used in combat until a U.S. MC-130 aircraft dropped one on the Achin district of Nangarhar , bordering Pakistan , on Thursday .
Afghan officials say it killed as many as 36 suspected Islamic State militants , although a news agency affiliated with Islamic State in the Middle East carried a statement denying that the group had suffered casualties in the attack .
A U.S. official who monitored the attack said it was impossible to determine how many ISIS fighters might be buried in the underground complex . But they said it could be `` significant '' because the attack came at evening prayer time , when fighters might have been concentrated in one area .
The U.S. commander in Afghanistan said on Friday that the decision to use one of the biggest conventional bombs ever used in combat was purely tactical .
Experts said that while the use of the bomb was likely a technical decision of matching the most effective ordnance to a specific target - tunnels and caves in an unpopulated area - its shock waves would have been sent not only to ISIS fighters , but also to North Korea , which conceals its nuclear weapons program deep underground , and Iran , which has a large uranium enrichment facility buried in a granite mountain.In addition , said an administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity , the attack also reinforces the message that U.S. President Donald Trump has given their military commanders freer rein than did their predecessor , Barack Obama .
`` What I do is I authorise my military , '' Trump told reporters on Thursday in response to a question about the use of the bomb . `` We have the greatest military in the world , and they 've done the job , as usual . We have given them total authorization , and that 's what they 're doing . ''
TOMAHAWKS , TOO
The bombing came less than a week after Trump ordered the firing of 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield in response to a deadly nerve gas attack . That raised questions about their plans for North Korea , which has conducted missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. and unilateral sanctions .
`` Certainly there 's a signalling element as a by-product – possibly being a signal to Syria or North Korea ; certainly there is a signal to ISIS that no matter how much you try to hide , no matter how deep you dig , we can still get you , '' said Mark Cancian , a retired U.S. Marine Corps colonel and ordinance specialist . { nL3N1HM1N5 ]
Cancian , an adviser at Washington 's Center for Strategic and International Studies think-tank , said regular bombs were not able to destroy a tunnel and cave complex .
`` You need something with a lot of concussion . It goes off slightly above ground , but it creates a tremendous blast wave that will go deep into a cave and around corners , which frustrate regular munitions . ''
Retired U.S. Air Force General Dave Deptula , a former commander of the air operations center for Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , said the GBU-43 was developed to replace the 15,000-pound `` Daisy Cutter '' bomb they employed there .
The Daisy Cutter , which was first used to clear landing strips for helicopters in Vietnam , was employed partly for the psychological effect of its massive blast .
Deptula , Cancian and U.S. military officials said the United States has an even larger bomb in its inventory - the 30,000 pounds ( 14,000 kg ) GBU-57 Massive Ordnance Penetrator ( MOP ) , which would be more effective against North Korea 's nuclear test site , given its ability to penetrate reinforced concrete and anti-blast steel doors .
Deptula said the MOAB was designed to create over-pressure to collapse caves and a blast effect over about a mile on soft-to medium ground . The MOB , which has never been employed in combat , was designed to penetrate deep and hardened targets .
The MOAB and the MOP owe their origins to massive `` Tallboy '' and `` Grand Slam '' bombs developed by the British in World War Two for use against Nazi targets such as V-1 and V-2 missile sites and the battleship Tirpitz .
Deptula said that while the decision to drop the MOAB appeared be tactical , they acknowledged the psychological side-effects .
( This version of the story corrects spelling of Cancian in paragraphs 11 , 12 and 16 )
( Reporting by David Brunnstrom ; Editing by John Walcott , Dan Grebler and Bill Trott )
