In recent weeks , several high-profile incidents have been blamed on infrastructural elements of an increasingly frequent scapegoat : the internet .
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May made a call to renege on human rights and “ regulate ” cyberspace . Australia has insisted to surveillance alliance Five Eyes that encryption must be compromised in the name of safety .
Politicians — and public opinion — are beginning to slowly turn against parts of the internet , from encryption to bots , without considering the fact that the tools themselves are not bad . It is how people use them that can be problematic .
Policymakers ' animus against the internet is n't new : it 's part of a long trend of suspicion about this medium that challenges all media . Their feelings toward regulation of the web are often muddied by broader trends of political ambivalence toward the actual mechanics of the web .
Recently , Australian Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull said , “ the laws of mathematics are very commendable , but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia . ”
Statements like this are striking examples of how politicians like Turnbull stubbornly refuse to learn about the infrastructure of the internet before claiming to know how to solve the problems that result from its complexities .
Such accusations , similar to recent blanket indictments by politicians against the political use of bots , fail to recognize one important fact : regulation should not be levied against tools themselves , but against particular uses . For instance , calls to ban bots of social media miss the fact that these automated software mechanisms allow for myriad positive , and even benign , activities such as queuing posts .
Politicians like Turnbull stubbornly refuse to learn about the infrastructure of the internet before claiming to know how to solve the problems that result from its complexities .
While social bots and encryption can allow for the ability to , say , anonymize communication , it is people that use anonymity for means either democratic or repressive , legal or criminal . Our team 's research at the University of Oxford has found that while a variety of political actors have used social bots in efforts to manipulate public opinion , some governments have overreacted to the technology rather than the usage .
What we need is more complex conversations , and sensible policy , about how to minimize negative aspects of digital anonymity while still maintaining the internet 's essence as a free-information medium that can benefit society .
State-based efforts to manipulate political online communication are very worrying . Freedom House 's last global survey of internet censorship found that freedom on the internet declined for the sixth year in a row . Governments , and powerful corporate entities , are consistently limiting democratic aspects of the web .
It would be a grave mistake for politicians to continue this trend of minimizing freedom online . The entropy unleashed by new levels of access to information is an event that has historical precedent that we should observe and learn from while we still have the chance .
Nate Silver , for instance , has pointed out that the original information revolution began with the invention of the printing press in 1440 .
“ The amount of information was increasing much more rapidly than our understanding of what to do with it , ” writes Silver , “ Paradoxically , the result of having so much more shared knowledge was increasing isolation along national and religious lines. ” Our current predicament is markedly similar .
In 2015 , The Economist compared the invention of the smartphone to that of the printed book . A recent study by the International Data Corporation found that the total amount of data generated every year , the “ digital universe , ” will approximately double every year from 2005 to 2020 .
The digital dam has cracked — the deluge of information holds promise and peril — but we are in a unique position to choose order over chaos . It is only natural that we are having trouble navigating this overflow of information , but it would be wrong to regard this predicament , or the tools associated with it , as the exclusive problem .
In a 2012 report the National Intelligence Council said that individual empowerment could prove a solution to society 's greatest plights . To turn against the tools that make the internet a free information medium would undermine the positive side of individual empowerment .
This side enables innovations like Taiwan 's anti-fake news bot or bots that combat the isolation of echo chambers online , it enables individuals to keep their bank details and health information secret and it encourages entrepreneurs to drive positive societal innovations .
The need for carefully considered data and internet policy is , however , indisputable . Tim Berners-Lee has suggested that giving consumers the right to own their data and regulating online advertising would be good starts . To wantonly call for regulation that infringes on human rights , however , will in the end result in a less safe — and information rich — society .
We must ask ourselves , what aspects of the internet are intrinsic to democracy and are they divisible from those necessary for control ? Freedom of speech and the right to privacy are essential to democracy and need to be preserved online . When it comes to harm , and specifically to one 's right to free speech infringing upon another citizen 's well-being or rights , we must establish boundaries .
There is a profusion of data about known disinformation or terrorist recruiting campaigns online — social media companies must be more open with this information . Sharing it with researchers could allow for solutions to be developed while preventing overregulation or outright public sharing of proprietary knowledge . Another long-term solution is to keep democratic values in mind while designing new technologies . As John Markoff writes , “ how we design our increasingly autonomous machines will determine the nature of our society and our economy . ”
We 're currently living in a time digital strategists have deemed the data wild west . The next decade the data policies set could determine the basis of digital rights for the foreseeable future . Reason is most useful at times when it seems least reasonable — we would do well to approach digital problems with nuanced solutions and informed policy that ensure liberal democracy within the digital sphere .
Featured Image : JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images
In the wake of the cancellation of their show , Roseanne Barr apologized for their offensive tweet about Valerie Jarrett via an official statement shared by a BuzzFeed News reporter . But almost as soon as the apology was issued , the actor seemingly undermined it with conflicting statements across social media , including tweets directed at their co-stars . In some , Barr took responsibility for their actions , and in others , they cast that responsibility elsewhere — the only consistency so far has been the trail of confusion she 's left in their path . ( Bustle reached out to Barr 's rep for comment on the Twitter backlash and cancellation on Tuesday , but did not receive an immediate response . )
The Roseanne reboot was canceled on May 29 , after Barr posted a racist tweet insulting Jarrett , referring to the trusted adviser of former President Obama as what would happen if `` Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby . '' The tweet has since been deleted , and Barr has issued a stream of apologies , starting with a tweet posted on Tuesday morning almost immediately after their offensive Jarrett tweet that read , `` I apologize . I am now leaving Twitter . ''
But they did n't , and late on Tuesday night , the 65-year-old issued a more lengthy official statement in which they got more specific about exactly what they were apologizing for . The screenshotted apology was posted for Barr by BuzzFeed News writer Kate Aurthur and read :
`` I deeply regret my comments from late last night on Twitter . Above all , I want to apologize to Valerie Jarrett , as well as to ABC and the cast and crew of the Roseanne show . I am sorry for making a thoughtless joke that does not reflect my values — I love all people and I am sorry . Today my words caused hundreds of hardworking people to lose their jobs . I also sincerely apologize to the audience that has embraced my work for decades . I apologize from the bottom of my heart and hope you can find it in your hearts to forgive me . ''
`` This was written by me , '' Barr confirmed in a reply to the statement posted by Aurthur , also adding , `` thanks Kate ! '' and `` I have nothing more to say . '' And hopefully that 's true , because it seems that every time the actor opens their mouth or sits down to tweet , it only serves to confuse the situation more .
In just the first 24 hours post-cancellation , the actor has already seemingly blamed the sleep drug Ambien for their tweets , deleted that claim , and insisted that they did n't realize Jarrett was black , all of which sound much more like making excuses than taking responsibility . ( Sanofi US , the manufacturer of Ambien , tweeted a message directed at Barr 's comments , which read : `` People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . '' )
Granted , some of Barr 's statements are positive , like ones they posted from their own account apologizing to Jarrett , or attempting to call off their fans . But as followers have pointed out , Barr 's official statements are at odds with the items she 's continued retweeting in light of the controversy , many of them problematic at best and deeply racist at worst .
And that juxtaposition carries through to the actor 's interactions with their former coworkers as well , who they apologized to in one statement , yet seemingly went after hours later . Even as Barr has retweeted statements from fellow actors like Sara Gilbert denouncing their behavior , People noted that she 's also responded to many of their co-stars directly . And just as on their own Twitter , they take a very different tone in these replies .
Barr retweeted Gilbert 's statement seen above , but also commented on it , `` Wow ! unreal . '' In response to a statement posted by Roseanne 's DJ Conner , actor Michael Fishman , Barr commented , `` i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it.ME . You throw me under the bus . nice ! ''
For fans of the show , or even just those optimistic that it could help promote various perspectives on TV , the comments and total lack of consistency are heartbreaking . If Barr truly wants the world to believe that they realize their statements are unacceptable , then they need not only to apologize for them , but stop making such statements altogether .
With every tweet , they stubbornly dig themselves a little deeper in this hole , so it 's probably a positive thing that the show was canceled , so that they ca n't drag any other aspect of this nostalgic franchise down there with them
Published :
Share This
Azuka Jebose wroteFAMILY TRAGEDY : About four years ago , their older brother was fatally shot in Atlanta by their passengers . They were a taxicab driver… Last week , Adedayo Oke Odifa died from alleged stab injuries . They were 32 years old . Popularly known as Dee Jay Sky D Camileon , the police report said that they died at the hospital from the stab injuries . Their girlfriend is allegedly being identified as the suspect. “ Raleigh police officers responded to the reported stabbing at 9:47 p.m . They found Adedayo Oke Odifa , 32 , with a stab wound to their chest.Odifa was taken to WakeMed , where they were pronounced dead , police said in a news release .. An investigation is underway. ” Two brothers , came to America to seek the best life , snapped by American tragedy . Rest In Grace , Sky baba ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mother-of-four who says they look half their age has admitted that being so attractive has become a curse when it comes to finding love .
Dawn Cousins , 44 , from London claims they look like a 22-year-old , but it is n't all good news when it comes to starting romantic relationships .
They have been single since 2003 , and claims it is impossible to find the right man to suit their tastes - and to suit their own looks .
They say : `` I look half my age and I have men drooling over me all the time , aged from 18 to ancient . ''
But the mum has revealed that they wish they did n't 'look so good ' so they could have a better chance at finding a long-term partner , rather than someone who is only interested in them superficially .
Dawn adds : `` I ca n't date a fat , unattractive , old aged man when I look so young and beautiful .
( Image : Facebook )
`` Guys over 40 are all putting on weight and the women have got a lot of wrinkles , '' they told The Sun . `` I have n't got any . I 'm not in the same bracket as them . ''
Dawn , who has four children between the ages of 17 and 22 , says they often get mistaken for their daughters ' friends , particularly when she 's out clubbing with them .
The office worker admits to lying to potential partners about their age , in case they shock them . But while they like their men on the younger side , the mum draws the line at dating people that their children are pals with .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
And they reveal that they often face a backlash from other women when they go on nights out with their children , despite the fact it is their kids who ask them to come along .
Dawn 's family call their big headed when it comes to their looks , but they ignore their taunts and has revealed their plans to move to America in a bid to find the perfect partner .
It 's in the States where Dawn hopes that their exhausting search will finally be over .
They add : `` I sometimes wish I did n't look so good , then I might attract the right kind of man I could spend my life with . I seem to get the men who are only after looks and not personality .
`` Those types are not the kind of person you want to spend your days with . ''
Matthew Rhys and Jamie Dornan are set to star in the BBC 's “ Death and Nightingales , ” a three-part historical drama set in 19th-century Northern Ireland .
The show marks a reunion for Dornan with writer-director Allan Cubitt , who they previously worked with on crime drama “ The Fall ” between 2013-2016 . It will be the first time “ The Americans ” star Rhys has worked with Cubitt .
Ann Skelly also stars in the show , which is produced by Imaginarium Productions and Soho Moon for BBC Two . It is adapted by Cubitt from a novel by Eugene McCabe .
Set in Northern Ireland in 1885 , “ Death and Nightingales ” is a story of love , betrayal , deception and revenge that follows a young woman 's struggles to control their own destiny . The action takes place over a 24-hour period during which Skelly 's character , Beth Winters , decides on their 25th birthday to escape their limited life and difficult relationship with their landowner stepfather ( Rhys ) , with the aid of the charming Liam Ward ( Dornan ) .
“ We are thrilled to combine the wonderful talents of Matthew Rhys and Jamie Dornan with the remarkable new star-in-the-making Ann Skelly , ” producer Jonathan Cavendish said .
Related John Malkovich to Play Hercule Poirot in Agatha Christie 's 'The ABC Murders ' Richard Gere to Return to TV After Nearly 30 Years , in BBC Drama ‘ MotherFatherSon '
Rhys , who is Welsh , last appeared on the BBC in the 2013 miniseries “ Death Comes to Pemberley ” and in an adaptation of Charles Dickens ' “ The Mystery of Edwin Drood ” the year before that . The sixth and final season of critically acclaimed “ The Americans ” is currently airing on FX in the U.S. and ITV3 in the U.K .
Dornan will next be seen on the big screen as Will Scarlet in Otto Bathurst 's “ Robin Hood , ” which is set for release this fall . Skelly recently appeared in a supporting role in the BBC and PBS ' adaptation of “ Little Women . ”
“ Death and Nightingales ” was commissioned for the BBC by Patrick Holland , controller of BBC Two , and Piers Wenger , controller of BBC Drama . James Mitchell and Tommy Bulfin serve as executive producers for Soho Moon and BBC Two , respectively . Cavendish produces for Imaginarium Productions . The production is supported by Northern Ireland Screen .
Red Arrow Studios International is handling worldwide distribution on the show , which is scheduled to begin shooting this summer on location in Northern Ireland .
Broncos linebacker Von Miller recorded one sack during a 16-10 win over the Raiders on Sunday . One could make an argument that defensive end Derek Wolfe deserves an assist on the stat sheet .
Von Miller gets the sack because @ Derek_Wolfe95 is able to `` occupy '' Newhouse as Miller wins on the edge ! # Broncos pic.twitter.com/SiFy3q9AMk — DLineVids ( @ DLineVids ) October 2 , 2017
As the video shows , Wolfe holds Raiders right tackle Marshall Newhouse just long enough for Miller to beat them around the edge . Technically , Wolfe could have been penalized for holding , but officials could find holding on almost every play if replays were scrutinized .
Miller was asked after a light practice Wednesday if Wolfe should get an assist on the sack .
“ I got a great jump on the ball and just beat him , right ? ” Miller asked with a laugh . “ That 's what I 'm taught . Wolfe is my guy and we work together on a lot of games , but on that play I just felt like I got a great jump . You 've got to have teamwork throughout the line , but I had a great jump on that play . ”
Miller now owns four sacks through four games this season .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Broncos Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning . Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
BEIJING , June 15 ( APP ) : The national flags of newly admitted Shanghai
Cooperation Organization ( SCO ) States Pakistan and India – were raised at the SCO Headquarters here on Thursday .
Secretary General , SCO , Rashid Alimov , Pakistan Ambassador to China ,
Khalid Masood , Indian Ambassador to China , Vijay Gokhale , ambassadors of the Observer States , representative of Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , senior diplomats and officials were present .
In their welcome address , the SCO Secretary General said , this day 16 years
ago , at the crossroads of two millennia , the SCO appeared on the political map of the world .
They said , neighborliness and unity of development goals these simple and
clear principles of interstate relations enshrined in the Charter have become the fundamental foundation of a new type of Organization and have transformed the SCO into a real factor of international life .
Rashid Alimov said , in Astana , Kazakhstan , the leaders of the founding
states of the SCO made a historic decision to accept Pakistan and India as full-fledged members of the Organization .
“ Today , on the Day of the SCO , we gathered at the headquarters of the
Organization for the solemn ceremony of raising the national flags of Pakistan and India ” , they added .
They said from now on , the state flags of the eight-member states of the
Organization , united by the “ Shanghai spirit ” , will be fluttering around the emerald-blue flag of the SCO .
Rashid Alimov said , the SCO has the right to be proud of its achievements ,
but no country or organization can solve the acute problems of our time alone . When the world continues to face new challenges and threats , the SCO stands firmly for uniting efforts against all forces of evil , for peace and stability , development and prosperity .
“ On the way to building a better and brighter future for each and
everyone the Charter of the SCO and the Charter of the United Nations will serve as our guiding star , ” they added .
Speaking on the occasion , Ambassador Masood Khalid said , today 's
flag-raising ceremony symbolizes the start of a new journey for Pakistan .
This is a moment of fulfillment , of accomplishment , and of success , they
said , adding , “ It will remind us in future that it was on this day that we had pledged together to work for a shared vision of common development . ”
They said , with SCO members , we share deep historical and cultural ties , as
well as strong economic linkages .
The Ambassador pledged to uphold the Shanghai Spirit and the SCO Charter ,
promote regional peace and stability and further develop people to people contacts and cultural interaction .
“ We will leave no stone unturned in the attainment of greater good of
our people through cooperation and understanding as SCO family , ” they added .
Expressing special thanks to the founding six countries for having
afforded to Pakistan their support in attaining SCO 's membership , they thanked the SCO Secretary General and their team for their assistance and support that they extended during the membership process .
They also expressed gratitude for people and government of Kazakhstan for
hosting the historic summit in Astana .
In their remarks , the Indian Ambassador termed the full membership of India
to SCO at Astana a historic moment and said , “ We look forward to developing the relations with all the member countries for the mutual benefit of whole region . ”
They said their country is ready to share its expertise in various fields
including science and technology for the shared prosperity of the region .
Besides playing national anthems of Pakistan and India , the SCO
Secretary General , the chief guest from Chinese side and Ambassadors of Pakistan and India also hit together the “ Shanghai Spirit ” drum .
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker , however Playback journalism takes time and funding ...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you .
Please , whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser .
Do you like to watch football ? How about the biggest game of the year — which happens on February 4 ( aka this Sunday ) ? If yes to either of these , then you 're in luck : I can tell you how to get the most out of the experience via connected smart home tech , gadgets and AV equipment . Set “ indulge ” mode to MAX .
The TV
There are plenty of TV options out there for your viewing pleasure , but the one that takes the cake in my opinion is the Sony Bravia A1E 65-inch 4K OLED HDR Smart TV . Why ? Because it 's the smartest television around , in terms of how it makes use of tech , and that goes way beyond its Android TV-based OS ( though that 's nice , too ) .
Part of the smarts come from Sony 's X1 chip , which is a dedicated image processor in the television that 's responsible for its unbeatable upscaling prowess . I immediately noticed that no matter the source resolution of the content I was playing on the Sony TV , the picture looked far , far better than it did anywhere else . Sony says this is because it 's using the chip to rebuild the image pixel-by-pixel , and using a reference library of thousands of 4K images taken from Sony 's extensive library of film and TV studio content to do that rebuilding intelligently , instead of just having to take a guess based on surrounding pixels , as other TV makers do .
The X1 also helps out with the unique in-panel speaker that Sony uses on this television , which literally turns the entire surface of the TV into an audio output device . It helps positionally track faces on the screen , so that when people speak , including from your favorite sideline commentators , their voices actually seem to be coming from their mouths . It 's so good , you might want to opt for that instead of your surround system , but more on that below .
Ultimately , this is n't the cheapest TV out there ( even among OLED models ) but its picture quality is unmatched thanks to Sony 's tech , especially if you 're using a streaming signal ( like the free one NBC is making available this year for watching the game ) .
The remote
A good setup needs a good remote , and the Logitech Harmony Companion paired with the Harmony Hub is pretty much exactly what you need for smart home control , including AV equipment like the TV above , as well as various smart devices like those listed below .
Logitech 's whole Harmony lineup is good for this , but the Harmony Companion + Hub bundle has the advantage of being full-featured and capable , while also not breaking the bank . The Hub is key for making sure all your smart home devices can be controlled ( including via Google Assistant through Android running on the Sony TV , or also via Alexa ) , and the Companion remote is an uncomplicated affair , without the power draw of an integrated display , but with a bunch of flexibility thanks to being able to assign different activities to long and short presses of the various activity buttons .
It ships with not only the Hub , but also two IR extenders in the box , which make it easy to establish setups for both open- and closed-cabin AV stack installations . Setup of the software and app is also super easy , and can be done entirely on your smartphone — which becomes another controller using the app , too .
The lights
Philips Hue is still the smart light brand to beat , in my opinion , and they work great with Google Assistant , as well as Alexa and the Harmony remote . You can easily brighten the room with a voice command for when you 're taking a break for wings or nachos , and then darken the room again when halftime 's over and the main show is once again the focus of everyone 's attention .
Using stuff like IFTTT , or even preset smart device scenes with Google Assistant , you can trigger different lighting for different events — like color-coded touchdowns , for instance .
The speakers
As mentioned above , the Sony Bravia OLED TV has speakers integrated into its screen surface that sound amazing , and work great with things like sports and commentary , but if you want to add a little more connected magic to the mix , there are a couple of good options in this category .
Sonos speakers are a great addition to a home theater , especially if you 're already invested in the system . You can craft a home theater sound setup using their Playbase and Playbar , and add a subwoofer for bass , too . But if you 're already super committed to Google Assistant and Chromecast ( which is built-in to the TV ) , you can also pick up Riva 's Festival and Arena speakers , which have Chromecast features built in .
The benefit of that is that you can set them up in group and have the game-day audio broadcast around the house : That way , even in the kitchen or the bathroom , you 're still going to be able to hear all the action as it goes down . And again , you can control all this using voice commands with your TV remote or smartphone .
The post-game game
Once the game is done , or if you 're not interested in watching Justin Timberlake perform at halftime , the best way to occupy that time is to virtually experience your own Super Bowl at home by firing up Madden 18 on the big screen . The Xbox One X version is fully set for 4K HDR displays , so it 's the perfect pairing if you 're using the TV above or another one with those resolution and quality capabilities .
Featured Image : Getty Images
After MLB said an Anthony Rizzo slide earlier in the series should have been ruled interference , Javy Baez takes exception to a slide into second . ( 1:00 )
PITTSBURGH -- Another attempted takeout slide , this time at second base , provided an opportunity for Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon to express their opinion again -- albeit in a sarcastic tone -- about the slide rules which have dominated the conversation between the Cubs and Pittsburgh Pirates this week .
The scenario unfolded when Pirates pitcher Joe Musgrove slid hard into second base in the bottom of the fourth inning , popping back up and into second baseman Javier Baez , who was about to attempt a throw to first for a double play . They never got the throw off as the two players had words which amounted to very little , even though both benches and bullpens cleared . The play opened the door for Maddon to challenge the slide -- which they thought was legal anyway .
`` That 's a New York play right there , '' Maddon said sarcastically after the Cubs ' 2-1 loss . `` They 'll have to explain it to us . It was very unclear on the field . I 'll wait to hear the explanation , the official one , tomorrow . ''
Their comments were in regard to a play on Monday when first baseman Anthony Rizzo slid into catcher Elias Diaz attempting to break up a home-to-first double play . The umpires deemed it a legal slide but the league reversed that ruling on Tuesday , infuriating Maddon . It turned out the Musgrove slide was n't reviewable because Baez never attempted to make a throw to first base .
`` It was a review which turned out to be a non-review , '' Maddon continued . `` That 's what they said , based on Javy not attempting to throw ... Throwing the ball , not throwing the ball . Good slide , bad slide . It 's really all over the map and it makes it really difficult on the umpire . ''
Baez said there really was n't a need for the benches to come out to second base . They and Musgrove were fine .
play 1:07 Baez reacts to benches clearing Javier Baez explains what happened when the benches cleared after taking exception to Joe Musgrove 's slide .
`` He went hard , '' Baez said . `` I 'm not saying it was a bad slide . I asked him , 'What was that about ? ' They said 'sorry ' and the conversation was over . Everybody came out because they have to . Sometimes players are just talking . ''
Maddon found the whole thing entertaining , as there was no reason for the teams to gather on the infield .
`` We were pairing up , '' they said . `` I was going for [ first-base coach ] Kimera Bartee because I 've known them for a long time . They wanted Chili [ Davis ] , but I stepped in front . It was an absurd moment .
`` I thought it was rather humorous because there was nothing going on . Absolutely , a nondescript nothing . ''
After the game , probably to avoid being called a hypocrite considering their stance on Monday , Maddon made it clear they thought Musgrove did nothing wrong .
`` I had no problem with the slide , first of all , '' Maddon said . `` Second of all , it all creates the ambiguity regarding the definition . I just need more definition . ''
The Islamabad Traffic Police have issued a traffic management plan related to the Pakistan Day parade in the capital on March 23 . According to the police , heavy traffic will be barred from entering the capital from midnight on March 21 and March 23 .
Moreover , on the mentioned dates , the Faizabad section of Islamabad Expressway will be closed for all kinds of traffic from 2pm to 5pm .
Additionally , on the said dates , the highway sections from Khanna Pul to Faizabad and Zero Point to Faizabad , and Murree Road from Rawal Dam Chowk to Faizabad will be closed for traffic from 2pm-5pm .
Residents and visitors have been advised to take alternative routes . Flight timings revised as Islamabad airspace closes for days for PAF 's jet rehearsal
The police have said that light traffic coming from Lahore on the GT Road will be diverted towards Rawalpindi from the Rawat T-Chowk and not be allowed to get on the Islamabad highway .
Similarly , the traffic coming to Islamabad from the airport in Rawalpindi will be diverted from Khanna Pul towards Lehtrar Road and Park Road from where they will be able to get on the Kashmir Highway via Rawal Dam Chowk .
For commuters heading towards the airport from Islamabad , the 9th Avenue , Murree Road and Rawal Road will be open . Commuters coming from the motorway will be able to go to Murree via the Kashmir Highway .
A three-day ban , from March 21 and March 23 , has also been placed on pillion riding in the city . A notification , imposing Section 144 in the federal capital , states that there will be a complete ban on pillion riding on the above-mentioned dates , adding that the prohibition does not apply to women , children and the elderly . On March 12 , the timings for flights arriving or departing from Islamabad between until March 23 were revised to enable Pakistan Air Force ( PAF ) jets to rehearse for the parade .
Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA ) spokesperson said Islamabad 's airspace will remain closed from 8am to 12:40pm and 2:30pm to 4pm.—INP
Related
League Two : Mansfield 1 Luton Town 1
Luton Town saw their slim chances of automatic promotion finally extinguished this afternoon , as they were held 1-1 at Mansfield Town this afternoon , their 17th draw of the campaign .
With Plymouth and Portsmouth both winning , then Hatters ' whose hopes of overhauling either side were minimal at best , will now have to hopes they can do it through the play-offs .
However , finishing in the top seven remains by no means a certainty either , as Nathan Jones ' side are just four points above Carlisle in eighth , with three games of the season to go .
The visitors made two changes for their trip to the One Call Stadium , with Jordan Cook missing out due to injury and Jack Marriott dropping to the bench , as Dan Potts in for their first start since suffering a head injury at Carlisle a month ago , Isaac Vassell back as well .
Hatters had strong cries for a penalty on seven minutes , when Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu bamboozled their man and hammered goalwards , the ball striking Rhys Bennett , but referee Mark Brown signalled for a corner .
The hosts then had the better of territory and possession , with a number of testing deliveries from out wide , as Luton were thankful the official did n't spot Scott Cuthbert 's rather blatant holding of George Taft from two corners , the second met by Krystian Pearce , with Danny Hylton hacking off the line .
However , Town 's respite did n't last long , as with 24 minutes gone , the hosts led , a long throw headed backwards by Taft , for Alfie Potter to shoot at goal , Potts blocking one effort , but not the second , a left foot volley flying past Stuart Moore .
Hylton could n't quite reach James Justin 's cross , with the ball just flicked off their head , as Luton struggled to really get going in the first 45 minutes , sending nothing of note at Jake Kean 's goal .
After the break , Mal Benning tried to make it 2-0 to the hosts , shooting over , before Town won a penalty on 50 minutes when a throw-in was flicked up Hylton and clearly handled in the area by Taft .
Hylton themselves stepped up and after a stuttering run up , coolly dinked their attempt over Kean for their 26th of the season , the Stags keeper seeing yellow for tripping Town 's forward as they went to retrieve the ball .
With their tails well and truly up , Luton almost had a second when Sheehan played a short corner with Lawson D'Ath , and broke into the box where their shot deflected to Glen Rea who stabbed over .
D'Ath then came close himself , unable to beat Kean with their header from Hylton 's whipped cross , before Sheehan made amends for gifting possession away with a crucial intervention at the back .
Former Stags striker Ollie Palmer came on to boos from the home supporters , but almost shoved those back down their throats with a wonderful run and even better cross , Hylton heading narrowly over from close range .
Just when it looked like Town would go from strength to strength , Mansfield , needing victory for their a few play-off hopes , managed to snuff out any late breaks forward by the visitors .
Hylton them almost won it for Luton with two minutes to go , directing their header from Olly Lee 's corner past the post as Hatters were held once more .
Stags : Jake Kean , Rhys Bennett , Mal Benning , Krystian Pearce ( C ) , George Taft , Shaq Coulthirst , Alfie Potter ( CJ Hamilton 75 ) , Hayden White ( Alex MacDonald 60 ) , Joel Byrom , Ben Whiteman , Danny Rose ( Matt Green 80 ) .
Subs not used : Brian Jensen , Lee Collins , Kyle Howkins , Yoann Arquis .
Hatters : Stuart Moore , Scott Cuthbert ( C ) , Glen Rea , Alan Sheehan , James Justin , Olly Lee , Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu , Lawson D'Ath , Dan Potts ( Stephen O'Donnell 84 ) , Isaac Vassell ( Ollie Palmer 64 ) , Danny Hylton .
Subs not used : Craig King , Jonathan Smith , Jake Gray , Luke Gambin , Jack Marriott .
Booked : Rose 43 , Kean 51 .
Attendance : ( 4,632 with 892 Luton ) .
Referee : Mark Brown .
A A A
Fed raises key rate and unveils plan to reduce bond holdings
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
, AP Economics Writer
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting . The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting . The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting . The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting . The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen listens to a question in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting . The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh ) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
( AP ) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year , which could cause long-term rates to rise .
The increase in the Fed 's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers . The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year but gave no hint of when that might occur .
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one : It believes the U.S. economy is on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession , with little risk of a recession . Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed 's 2 percent target , it foresees improvement in both measures over time .
And the most important pillar of the economy — the job market — remains solid if slowing , with unemployment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level the Fed associates with full employment .
The Fed 's decision to raise rates , announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting , was approved 8-1 , with Neel Kashkari , head of the Fed 's Minneapolis regional bank , dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged .
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year — `` provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated '' — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds . The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates . That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $ 4.5 trillion .
On Wednesday , the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process . This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates .
The Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $ 6 billion and $ 4 billion in mortgage bonds . Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $ 30 billion a month in Treasurys and $ 20 billion in mortgage bonds .
`` With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year , it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy , '' said Curt Long , chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions .
Chair Janet Yellen was asked at a news conference whether they worried that the Fed could rattle markets once it starts shrinking its bond holdings . They said the central bank feels confident it can avoid `` market strains '' by detailing its plan far in advance and by stressing that the process will be gradual .
The Fed provided no date for the start of the bond sales but said that if the economy fares as expected , `` we could put this into effect relatively soon . ''
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it foresees one additional rate increase this year to follow Wednesday 's increase and an earlier rate hike in March .
The rate forecast , based on individual projections from each member , envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019 . By then , the Fed 's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent . That 's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating growth nor restraining it .
But the Fed 's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve . Some economists suggested that even though the Fed foresees one more rate hike this year , the persistently low inflation may lead it to leave rates alone until 2018 . Some also note that political paralysis in Washington has raised doubts about whether Congress will increase the nation 's borrowing limit and pass a new budget . That possibility , too , could lead the Fed to wait .
Another rate hike this year is `` becoming less of a sure thing as every month of data comes out , '' said Michael Dolega , senior economist at TD Economics . If inflation does n't pick up , they said , the Fed will find that raising rates and reducing its balance sheet is `` going to be a difficult maneuver . ''
The Fed 's revised forecasts reduced its estimate for unemployment by year 's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent . Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent .
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent , up slightly from its March forecast , with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019 . Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve through tax cuts , deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs .
The central bank updated its inflation projections to take account of a slowdown . It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year , down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent . The Fed still foresees prices , as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending , rising 2 percent in 2018 and 2019 , achieving its target .
President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed 's influential board , and those new members , depending on who they are , could alter its rate-setting policy .
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more `` hawkish '' stance . Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles . By contrast , `` doves '' favor the direction taken under Yellen , favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment .
Yellen , the first woman to lead the Fed , is serving a term that will end in February . So far , Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term .
___
AP Economics Writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report .
___
Animated explainer on the Fed : http : //bit.ly/2nlGO0K
PALLEKELE , Sri Lanka ( Reuters ) - A ruthless India crushed Sri Lanka inside three days in the final test on Monday to complete a 3-0 whitewash in one of the most one-sided test series in recent times .
Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and paceman Mohammed Shami shared seven wickets between them as the world 's top-ranked side shot out Sri Lanka for 181 to win by an innings and 171 runs .
The beleaguered hosts , whose second innings ended shortly after the scheduled tea break , had been asked to follow on after managing 135 in their first innings in reply to India 's 487 .
Ashwin picked up 4-68 in the second innings while Shami finished with 3-32 in an inspired bowling performance by India , who triumphed both in Galle and Colombo inside four days .
`` A good day , a good win for us . Very happy with the overall performance and it always feels nice to have convincing victories , '' India captain Virat Kohli said at the presentation ceremony .
`` We are a young side . We look forward to playing test cricket , we look forward to playing with the same excitement . That 's the only way you can be ruthless . ''
All-rounder Hardik Pandya , who scored their maiden test hundred on Sunday , was adjudged man-of-the-match while opener Shikhar Dhawan , a last minute replacement for Murali Vijay , was named player of the series .
Sri Lanka 's highest partnership of 65 came between captain Dinesh Chandimal , who made 36 , and former skipper Angelo Mathews ( 35 ) while wicketkeeper Niroshan Dickwella scored a fluent 41 .
Their hopes of avoiding an innings loss rested on a solid start but Ashwin struck in their first over of the day to jolt the hosts .
The off-spinner sent back opener Dimuth Karunaratne for 16 after Sri Lanka had resumed on 19-1 . The left-hander was caught by Ajinkya Rahane at slip after getting a thick edge to a turning delivery .
Nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara was caught behind off Shami who also dismissed Kusal Mendis for 12 to reduce the hosts to 38-4 .
Left-arm wrist-spinner Kuldeep Yadav broke the stand between Chandimal and Mathews when they dismissed the former through a bat-pad catch at short leg .
Once Mathews was out leg before to Ashwin , India 's win was merely a formality .
`` Our batting and bowling was below-par through the series , '' Chandimal said after their team 's failure to make any of the tests last full five days .
`` We have to be more patient and concentrate more . ''
The sides will now clash in five one-day internationals and a Twenty20 starting on Sunday .
( Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
The American Film Institute has selected Julia Roberts to present the AFI Life Achievement Award to their longtime friend and colleague George Clooney .
The presentation will take place at the 46th AFI Life Achievement Award Gala Tribute on June 7 at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , Calif .
TNT will premiere the hour-and-a-half special on June 21 . Sister network Turner Classic Movies will also air the special in September during a night of programming dedicated to Clooney 's work .
Roberts has frequently collaborated with Clooney , starring with them in 2001 's “ Ocean 's Eleven , ” 2004 's “ Ocean 's Twelve , ” and 2016 's “ Money Monster. ” They also starred in their directorial debut , 2002 's “ Confessions of a Dangerous Mind , ” and in 2013 's “ August : Osage County , ” which Clooney produced .
Clooney has earned eight Academy Award nominations and two wins for best supporting actor in “ Syriana ” and for best picture with “ Argo. ” They received the best actor nominations for “ Michael Clayton , ” “ Up in the Air , ” and “ The Descendants ” ; directing and screenwriting nominations for “ Good Night and Good Luck ” ; and a screenwriting nomination for “ The Ides of March . ”
Clooney 's next project is a Hulu miniseries adaptation of “ Catch-22 , ” which they will direct , produce , and star in opposite Hugh Laurie and Kyle Chandler .
The AFI Life Achievement Award was established by the AFI Board of Trustees in 1973 , based on this criteria : “ The recipient should be one whose talent has in a fundamental way advanced the film art ; whose accomplishment has been acknowledged by scholars , critics , professional peers and the general public ; and whose work has stood the test of time . ”
GOTEBORG , Sweden — After winning the Directing Award in the World Cinema Dramatic section of the Sundance Festival , Icelandic director Ísold Ungadóttir 's feature debut “ And Breathing Normally ” will now compete for the Dragon Award for best Nordic film , which carries a cash-prize of SEK 1 million ( $ 125,000 ) , at Sweden 's 41st Göteborg Intl . Film Festival .
Also scripted by Uggadóttir , “ And Breathing Normally ” was produced by Skúli Fr Malmquist for Iceland 's Zik Zak Filmworks , with Swedish and Belgian co-producers , and is being handled internationally by Germany 's The Match Factory .
Although it was n't their first time at Sundance – their 2005 short “ Family Reunion ” also screened there – Ungadóttir especially enjoyed their more recent trip to the Rockies . “ There , surrounded by such immense talent , I dared not even think about awards , but now I and my team could n't be more thrilled , ” they told Variety .
Starring Kristín Thóra Haraldsdóttir and Babetida Sadjo , the film tells the story of the intimate bond between two women , both trying to get their lives back on track – an Icelandic mother and a refugee from Guinea-Bissau , whose lives briefly intersect in Iceland as the result of unforeseen circumstances .
Related Göteborg : Festival 's Nostradamus Report Asks if Current European Film Industry Can Survive Göteborg : Film i Väst 's New Production Head Peter Possne on Making Big Films , Spending More Money on Them
While attending New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts , Uggadóttir got their first taste of editing , which they still describe today as : “ one of the most exciting areas of the filmmaking process. ” It 's also where they got their first job in cinema , editing for documentary films .
“ I find myself drawn to telling stories of women , often minorities or underdogs , and I am particularly interested in fictional narratives imbued with a sense of social-realism – sexuality , trust , addiction , economic collapse , ” Ungadóttir said . The rest of the conversation below :
How did you get interested in filmmaking ?
I was always interested . As a teenager I would avidly document everything around me , trying to make video art with the family 's Super8 camera . With no editing equipment , I would often play dramatic classical music during recordings to emphasize the emotion I was attempting to create .
When I was 20 , there was no film school in Iceland , but an evening course made me absolutely ecstatic about cinema . Soon after , I discovered directors such as Mike Leigh and Todd Solondz , with ” Secrets and Lies ” and ” Happiness ” becoming early favorites ; I also learned about Andrea Arnold , whom I still look to for inspiration .
I left Reykjavik for New York City and began studying Interactive Telecommunications . I opted for a program that allowed me to create digital and visual work . This took me into the editing room . This was where everything came together , this was where stories took their final shape .
And how did you get into the industry ?
I eventually found a job editing documentary films – working nights , I spent the days at local bookstores browsing through every filmmaking book I could find . I had an insatiable appetite for everything and anything filmmaking related , and soon knew that I had to make one of my own . This was “ Family Reunion , ” a short shot in Iceland and New York in 2005 , inspired by some of my own life experiences .
The film was selected for the Sundance Film Festival , which was a real turning point . Less than a year later , I was directing my second short , ” Committed , ” which won the Icelandic Academy Awards . At last I knew that film directing would become my profession , so I went through the master 's program at the Columbia Film School , before returning to Iceland to begin writing and funding my first feature .
How did “ And Breathe Normally ” come about ?
While developing a story of an Icelandic woman struggling to make ends meet , I became a volunteer at the Icelandic Red Cross , where I met a woman from Uganda who was not only struggling financially , but battling the system to be given asylum on grounds of their sexuality . We became friends , and I was enraged and disturbed at what they told me .
Finally , I wanted to bring together two very different female characters , exploring how they would and could influence the lives of one another , and possibly form an unlikely bond , also shedding light on the dire circumstances of asylum seekers in Iceland . We shot the film on Iceland 's Reykjanes peninsula in 2016 , with an international crew of Icelanders , Swedes , Poles , Belgians and immigrant first-time actors .
( Adds U.S. Department of Justice comment , paragraph 6 )
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - A judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a federal credit union in Manhattan that sought to block U.S. President Donald Trump from installing Mick Mulvaney as acting director of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau .
In a decision made public on Friday , U.S. District Judge Paul Gardephe in Manhattan said the Lower East Side People 's Federal Credit Union lacked legal authority to sue , rejecting what they called the plaintiff 's “ fear-based theory of standing . ”
Gardephe said the credit union failed to show that any actual or expected policy changes under Mulvaney , who is also White House budget chief , would undermine its ability to fulfill its mission of improving the health of underserved communities .
“ Organizations advocating for a particular policy goal who have alleged no injury to themselves as organizations may not establish their standing simply on the basis of that goal , ” Gardephe wrote . Their decision is dated Thursday .
Ilann Maazel , a lawyer for the credit union , in an email said their client was disappointed . “ We are evaluating our options in this extremely important case , ” they added .
Kerri Kupec , a U.S. Department of Justice spokesperson , said the department was pleased the court dismissed the challenge to Trump 's “ lawful designation ” of Mulvaney as acting director .
Trump appointed Mulvaney as temporary head of the CFPB in November , replacing Richard Cordray , an appointee of President Barack Obama .
Mulvaney , a critic of the regulator , has since taken steps that may herald a rollback of some of Cordray 's policies .
CFPB supporters view the regulator as an important consumer watchdog , while opponents consider it too powerful .
A federal appeals court on Wednesday said the president can fire a CFPB director only for cause , rejecting the White House argument that removal at will is also permitted .
The credit union had sought to have Gardephe declare CFPB Deputy Director Leandra English , who Cordray designated as their preferred interim successor , as the acting director .
English in November filed their own lawsuit in the federal court in Washington , D.C. to block Mulvaney from taking charge .
In seeking to dismiss the credit union lawsuit , the Justice Department said forcing Trump to appoint English would be an “ extraordinary intrusion into core Executive Branch operations ” and upend the “ consensus view ” that Mulvaney deserved the job .
The case is Lower East Side People 's Federal Credit Union v Trump et al , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , No . 17-09536 . ( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by David Gregorio and Cynthia Osterman )
Islamabad
The master plan for making Gwadar as a smart port city is being prepared on fast track and would be finalized soon , official sources in planning commission said .
Talking to APP , the sources said that under the master plan Gwadar would be transformed into a port of international standards and a smart , sustainable city that can drive local , national and regional growth in the coming decades . They said the development of Gwadar is a strategic priority for the Government of Pakistan .
“ The commercial , political , socio-economic , defense and regional connectivity related benefits that can be realized once the port ( and the city ) reaches its full potential make it imperative to develop the area without any further delay ” , they said .
Lying at the mouth of the Persian Gulf , Gwadar is a strategic warm water deep sea port developed by the GoP with assistance from the People 's Republic of China .
Inaugurated in 2007 , the port is ideally located to serve the shipping lanes coming in and out of the Persian Gulf via the choke- point of the Strait of Hormuz .
According to the plan , the city around a port would be planned carefully in order to lay the foundation of a sustainable regional economy , drive local business and increase port throughput .
With the inclusion of the port in the China Pakistan Economic Corridor project ( CPEC ) , there is an urgent need to update the existing city plans to reflect the new strategic direction .
It is pertinent to mention here that the China Pakistan Economic Corridor project is already in the early stages of execution and comprises of a comprehensive package of motorways/expressways , national and urban railways , high- speed fibre-optic connectivity and associated urban and social infrastructure , stretching from Kashgar ( in China ) to Gwadar ( in Pakistan ) .
Under the plans for the corridor , it is envisaged that the port would be declared a ‘ free ' port ( to facilitate trans-shipment ) and the city would be declared a ‘ Special Economic Zone ' , in order to spur trade and investment .
In addition , the confluence of physical , social and intellectual capital with Information and Communications Technology ( ICT ) infrastructure will be integral to the revised plan , in order to ensure that Gwadar City is developed along the lines of an integrated ‘ Smart ' port city – a city that would leverage information technology-based solutions to boost the economic productivity and quality of life of its citizens , whilst minimizing resource consumption and pollution.—APP
“ Spider-Man : Homecoming ” and “ Despicable Me 3 ” both claimed victory at the Japanese box office over the weekend . Sony Pictures Entertainment 's “ Homecoming ” debuted at number one by box office , but was second by admissions .
Released on Friday , “ Homecoming ” made $ 4.01 million on 290,000 admissions for its opening Aug. 12-13 weekend and $ 7.08 million in three days . This was 7 % better than “ The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , ” which ended its Japan run with $ 28.7 million . “ Homecoming ” is expected to finish around $ 30 million .
Japanese charts , which rank titles by ticket sales , put “ Despicable Me 3 ” on top for the fourth straight weekend . Distributed by Toho Towa , the film earned $ 3.7 million on 328,000 admissions for the Aug. 12-13 frame . Its cumulative cash total extends to $ 38.4 million . The film now looks likely to finish near $ 60 million , ahead of the $ 47.5 million franchise record holder “ Despicable Me . ”
Japanese romantic drama , “ I Want to Eat Your Pancreas ” racked up $ 1.8 million on 149,000 admissions for the number three spot , with Toho distributing .
Crackle is developing a series reimagining of the Joseph Conrad novel “ Heart of Darkness , ” Variety has learned exclusively .
The project is set in the future where Earth is a distant memory . It is described as an exploration of what it means to be human on a space odyssey where the survival of the human race hangs in the balance and will explore themes of race , immigration , and colonization much like the book .
“ Heart of Darkness ” has been adapted in various forms over the years . Perhaps most famously , it served as the inspiration for Francis Ford Coppola 's 1979 Academy Award-winning Vietnam war film “ Apocalypse Now ” starring Martin Sheen and Marlon Brando in the main roles from the novel .
Cameron Litvack serves as writer as well as showrunner . They will executive produce along with Branden Morgan and Tony Giglio .
Litvack has previously worked as a writer and producer on shows like “ Quantico , ” “ Grimm , ” “ V , ” “ Ugly Betty , ” and “ Charmed. ” They are repped by UTA .
Should “ Heart of Darkness ” move forward , it would join the ranks of other Crackle dramas like “ StartUp ” –which was recently renewed for a third season–and “ The Oath , ” which debuted in March and has been renewed for Season 2 . Crackle also airs the comedies “ SuperMansion ” and the series adaptation of “ Snatch . ”
It 's the stuff of spy novels . North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un 's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport , and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack .
Several questions surround their suspicious death , but perhaps the biggest is : Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead ?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades , except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport . They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland .
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he 's the son of Kim Jong Il , North Korea 's notorious former dictator .
`` You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
`` Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life , primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau , '' Madden says . Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs . Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family 's personal fortune overseas , which includes homes in Singapore , Beijing and Paris .
Kim 's fate took a turn Monday morning , while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport . Something caused Kim 's sudden death .
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler 's face with cloth . Police say emergency responders rushed the man , whose travel documents identified them as `` Kim Chol , '' to the hospital , but they died en route .
`` It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics , '' Madden says .
In South Korea Tuesday , Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler .
`` The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam . We have not confirmed the exact cause of death , '' Jeong said .
Kim could have died of natural causes , given their sedentary lifestyle and the family 's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure . But if they were killed , theories run the gamut as to why .
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled , or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un 's good graces . But they 're all just guesses , says Madden .
`` Nobody knows , and I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' they say .
As with so much about North Korea , even a man 's demise is dressed in mystery .
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul . Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Russia has invited Kim Jong-Un to visit as talks to get North Korea 's summit with the US back on track continue .
The invite has been extended by Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov - and comes at a time when US relations with North Korea have hit a sticky patch .
Senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol and US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo met in New York yesterday - and are due to meet again today - to discuss the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula .
Kim Yong Chol is the highest-level representative from North Korea to set foot in the US since 2000 .
Emerging from Wednesday 's meeting , Mr Pompeo tweeted : `` Good working dinner with Kim Yong Chol in New York tonight . Steak , corn , and cheese on the menu . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
The historic North Korean-United States summit is scheduled to take place in Singapore on June 12 .
US President Donald Trump last week called off the meeting but later said they were reconsidering their postion .
Mr Pompeo has since said : `` Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss ( President Trump 's ) potential summit with Chairman Kim .
`` We are committed to the complete , verifiable , and irreversible denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula '' .
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time .
We 're also on Facebook /dailymirror - your must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror , Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online .
Virginia State Senate Expected To Vote On Medicaid Expansion The Virginia State Senate is voting Wednesday to expand Medicaid to 400,000 low-income residents . This comes after months of fierce political debates between Republicans . The vote could have nationwide implications .
This is the Pokémon Go update we 've been looking for .
Niantic is rolling out a sizeable content update to Pokémon Go later this week that will introduce over 80 new Johto Pokémon from the Pokémon Gold and Silver games , including Chikorita , Cyndaquil , Totodile , and others . The new Pokémon will be discoverable in the wild , and wo n't just be limited to hatching from eggs , like those that debuted last December .
The update will also bring new avatars and added wardrobe options to customize the look of your trainer , new character evolutions , two new berries , and changes to the gameplay mechanics :
When you encounter Pokémon in the wild , do n't be surprised if they react in new ways as you 're trying to catch them . You 'll also notice the addition of new item carousels that allow you to select Berries and Poké Balls directly from the encounter screen . Hone your skills and catch those elusive Pokémon !
Niantic says that the update will be rolled out sometime later this week , following which you 'll be able to catch the new Pokémon . Who 's excited ?
Read the Pokémon Go Gen 2 FAQ
Prepare now for new Gen 2 evolutions
The Region of Waterloo invites resident to participate in an on-line survey about waste curbside collection services .
Last year , significant changes were made to curbside collection services , the biggest of which was every second week garbage collection .
Residents are invited to share their thoughts about the curbside waste collection services , including how well they were prepared for the changes , as well as their current satisfaction with the curbside collection services .
The online survey , on the Region of Waterloo 's website until July 13 , takes about 10 minutes to complete .
All responses are confidential and personal information will be removed from responses . Data that is collected in this survey will be used for planning purposes and results will be reported to Waterloo Region council . Responses will be collected together and reported as averages , themes or trends . Only one staff member at the region will have access to the raw data .
For questions about this survey , please contact Cari Rastas Howard by email at choward @ regionofwaterloo.ca or by phone at 519-575-4757 x8412 . If you require an alternate format , please call the Region at 519-575-4400 or TTY 519-575-4608 to reach a staff member 24 hours per day , seven days per week .
If you have any questions about waste collection services in general , please visit our website at www.regionofwaterloo.ca/waste , or call our 24-hour Customer Service at 519-575-4400 .
Altered Carbon , released today by Netflix , is adapted from a science fiction novel by Richard K. Morgan . It tells the story of Takeshi Kovacs , a one-time rebel ( played by Joel Kinnaman ) who 's forced to take on the role of detective and track down a rich man 's murderer .
The twist : The murder victim is also Kovacs ' employer , because the series takes place in a future where human consciousness can be transferred between bodies .
In this week 's episode of TechCrunch 's Original Content podcast , Jordan Crook , Darrell Etherington and Anthony Ha offer their initial thoughts on the series , which livens up a familiar , Blade Runner-y setting with some big science fiction ideas — and it expects viewers to keep up without much explanation .
We also discuss YouTube TV 's launch on Roku and Apple TV and HBO 's online growth . And while it 's not streaming-related , we had to talk about the accident Darrell was in while testing out automated driving tech .
You can listen in the player above , subscribe using Apple Podcasts or find us in your podcast player of choice . If you like the show , please let us know by leaving a review on Apple . You also can send us feedback directly .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is no stranger to tough questions regarding the Trump administration . But a young student reporter 's query about gun violence at Wednesday 's White House press briefing may have exceeded them all , bringing Sanders to tears .
A child asks Sarah Sanders about school shootings : “ Can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies ? ” The White House press secretary gets emotional as they answer him : https : //t.co/uNUqXdWdya — CNN Politics ( @ CNNPolitics ) May 30 , 2018
Upon calling on “ the young colleague in the back , ” Sanders joked that they hoped their questions would n't be “ as tough as bring-your-kids-to-work-day questions , ” she 'd received prior . But the child journalist had something else on their mind .
“ At my school , we recently had a lockdown drill , ” 13-year-old Benje Choucroun from Time for Kids began . “ One thing that affects my and other students ' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school . Specifically , can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies ? ”
Sanders initially fielded the question quickly , saying , “ I think that as a kid , and certainly as a parent , there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe , so I 'm sorry that you feel that way. ” But by the middle of their response , they were fighting back tears .
“ This administration takes it seriously , and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools , and to make them feel safe and make their parents feel good about dropping them off , ” they said .
The Trump administration has faced widespread criticism for not enacting stricter gun legislation following multiple school shootings in 2018 , including at a high school in Parkland , Fla. , which sparked the March for Our Lives and # NoRA initiatives , as well as a more recent shooting at a high school in Santa Fe , Texas , on May 18 .
Rafael Devers hits a game-tying homer off Aroldis Chapman in the ninth inning and Andrew Benintendi knocks in the game winning run in the 10th inning in Boston 's 3-2 win over New York . ( 1:14 )
NEW YORK -- Before they became the youngest player in the majors this season , Rafael Devers belted 18 home runs for the Double-A Portland Sea Dogs . By their manager 's count , 14 came with two strikes and 13 were hit either to center field or the opposite way to left .
`` That says a lot about the hitter , '' Portland manager Carlos Febles said . `` You do n't see many power hitters hitting homers with two strikes . They all do damage early in the count . The ability to go the other way , not try to do too much , it 's something you do n't expect out of a 20-year-old kid . ''
At least to Febles , then , it must not have been surprising to see Devers drive a two-strike pitch into the left-field bullpen at Yankee Stadium in the top of the ninth inning Sunday night . The solo shot -- Devers ' fourth homer in 58 big-league at-bats -- got the Boston Red Sox even in the finale of a three-game series in August that had a decidedly October feel .
But to everybody else , including many of Devers ' teammates , it was downright jaw-dropping considering the pitcher it happened against . Not only is Yankees closer Aroldis Chapman left-handed , but they routinely light up a radar gun with triple digits . This particular pitch was clocked at 102.8 mph .
`` I 've seen 100 , '' Devers said later , `` but never 103 . ''
Yet the kid did n't flinch . Neither did Andrew Benintendi in the top of the 10th inning . The second-youngest player in the Red Sox 's lineup delivered a bases-loaded single against reliever Tommy Kahnle to drive in the go-ahead run in a 3-2 victory that stretched Boston 's lead in the American League East to 5½ games .
Andrew Benintendi , left , came up with some big hits this weekend as the Red Sox took two out of three games against the Yankees . Frank Franklin II/AP Photo
For most of the season , New York has fallen for its Baby Bombers , the collection of young talent that has the Yankees in playoff contention one season sooner than expected . Aaron Judge , Gary Sanchez , Luis Severino and Clint Frazier have energized a fan base and put the Yankees in position to reach the postseason .
But the weekend belonged to the Baby BoSox . Devers , who wo n't turn 21 until late October , notched a pair of hits , including a two-run double , in Saturday 's 10-5 victory before coming off the bench Sunday night and taking Chapman deep . And with half their family visiting from Cincinnati to celebrate their grandfather 's 85th birthday , the 23-year-old Benintendi homered Friday night , stroked a pair of three-run homers Saturday and recorded the game-winning hit Sunday night .
`` It 's just another series , '' Benintendi said , typically taking it all in stride . `` I mean , I 'm glad I could help the team win . I was struggling the last few months , weeks , and to help the team win , it feels pretty good . ''
Indeed , the Red Sox 's youngsters made it all seem like old hat . Breeze into town , take two of three games from the second-place Yankees , maybe even catch a Broadway matinee . No big deal .
Make no mistake , though : It 's a very big deal . When Benintendi is hitting like this out of the No . 3 hole -- he 's 16-for-35 with three doubles , four homers and 12 RBIs in their past nine games , including nine RBIs in the three games against the Yankees -- the lineup is deeper and more dangerous . And since they were called up last month , Devers has given the offense a jolt , none bigger than their swing against Chapman .
`` I just see him , he 's just like any other pitcher , '' Devers said through an interpreter . `` Obviously he 's an All-Star , but I just go about every at-bat the same . I felt more emotion rounding the bases knowing that I had tied the game . ''
But if the Baby BoSox are making it all seem blase , their teammates are n't . Ace lefty Chris Sale , who struck out 12 batters in seven innings for their 16th double-digit strikeout game , was in the trainer 's room when Devers become only the second left-handed batter ever to take Chapman deep and the first since Luke Scott on June 26 , 2011 .
`` I literally jumped up when they hit it , '' Sale said . `` You ca n't help but smile . Talk about a moment in a game , for a guy like him , a young guy , a rookie , it 's huge . And that 's why you love him . That 's why he 's here , and those are the things we 've almost come to expect out of him . ''
Red Sox manager John Farrell said Devers `` does n't fear the moment '' and called it `` an incredible swing . '' And perhaps they were so flabbergasted by Devers ' dramatics that it caused them to forget Rule 8.06 ( c ) that stipulates a manager or coach ca n't make multiple mound visits while the same batter is at the plate . How else to explain Farrell 's failed attempt to bring in closer Craig Kimbrel in the middle of an at-bat in the bottom of the ninth after pitching coach Carl Willis had just visited reliever Addison Reed ?
But all was well that ended well for Farrell and the Red Sox . And thanks to Devers and Benintendi , it ended with a 10th victory in the past 11 games .
`` We 've had our troubles against New York so far this year , '' Farrell said . `` To win a couple here after dropping a tough game Friday night says a lot about our guys , says a lot about our resolve . ''
And the way that it all happened says that the youngest players among them are steeled for the challenge of a pennant race .
LAHORE , Aug 14 ( APP ) : Chief Minister Punjab Muhammad
Shehbaz Sharif on Monday paid a visit to Manawan Hospital
and reviewed arrangements there .
Accompanied by provincial Minister for Primary &
Secondary Health Khawaja Imran Nazir and MS Hospital , they
inquired the patients about the provision of medicines
by the hospital administration .
Speaking on the occasion , the chief minister said the
government was making day and night efforts for improvement
in health sector . They said , huge funds had been allocated
for this vitally important sector .
At 45 , Essam el-Hadary could become the oldest player to compete at a World Cup . Russia may be their last stop in an illustrious career spanning three decades which took them to clubs in Switzerland , Sudan and Saudi Arabia , where they play for Al-Taawoun .
Despite their vast international experience , El-Hadary must guard against some of the lapses of concentration and poor decision-making that surfaced in recent years .
Ahmed el-Shennawy was El-Hadary 's backup before being ruled out of the World Cup with a left knee injury . That leaves Al-Ahly goalkeeper Mohammed el-Shennawy , who is no relation , as a possible replacement .
DEFENDERS
Ahmed Hegazy is the rock of the defence . At 6-foot-4 ( 1.95 metres ) , the 29-year-old centre back is formidable in the air and has been growing in confidence and authority in the Premier League even as West Bromwich Albion has struggled .
Ali Jabr , a teammate for club and country , has been rarely used by West Brom , but they could retain their place in the Egypt back four because of their international experience .
Veterans Ahmed Fathy and Mohamed Abdel-Shafy look sure to start , with their runs on both flanks key to feeding the forwards .
Substitute defenders will most likely include Saad Sameer and Ayman Ashraf , both of Egyptian club Al-Ahly , and Ahmed Elmohamady of Aston Villa .
MIDFIELDERS
Egypt will be hoping Mohammed Elneny fully recovers from an ankle injury sustained playing for Arsenal . Elneny and Abdullah Said , who has been playing at Finnish club Kuopion Palloseura , should provide a solid midfield backbone that 's a big part of the machine feeding Salah up front .
With their commitment and energy , the quality of the pair 's performances could prove to be the difference between Egypt appearing disjointed or showing off its flowing football .
Their backups include Tareq Hamed of Egyptian club Zamalek and Amr Warda , who plays for Greek club Atromitos .
FORWARDS
After scoring more than 40 goals this season with Liverpool , Salah will be looking to continue their prolific form on the biggest stage in Russia .
Salah , the Professional Footballers ' Association player of the year , does n't get the same service with Egypt as they enjoy at Anfield . But they have shown versatility at Liverpool , changing positions to shake off markers .
Salah 's partners up front will include Mahmoud Hassan — better known by their nickname Trezeguet — and Mahmoud Abdel-Monaim — also known as Kahrabah . Trezeguet plays for Turkish club Kasimpasa , while Kahrabah plays in Saudi Arabia .
Another attacking option is 21-year-old midfielder Ramadan Sobhi , who has been struggling to start for Stoke and has only scored twice in the Premier League this season .
GROUP GAMES
Egypt , which did n't advance past the opening round in its previous World Cup appearances in 1934 and 1990 , will open against Uruguay on June 19 . The team based in Grozny will then take on Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25 .
___
More AP World Cup coverage : www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By Hamza Hendawi , The Associated Press
' I Want To Serve ' : Air Force Applicant Takes On President Trump 's Transgender Ban
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martha Bebinger/WBUR Martha Bebinger/WBUR
Most weekday mornings , after feeding the chickens , goat and cows , Nicolas Talbott drives through the rolling hills of Columbiana County in eastern Ohio to one of the schools where they are a substitute teacher . It was a busy winter — lots of teachers out with the flu . And while Talbott enjoys teaching , they hope to move on soon , to a career in the U.S. Air Force working on global security .
`` I want to serve my country , I want to serve the people in this country and I want to serve the Constitution of the United States , '' Talbott says , `` no matter who is in office in our government . ''
But Talbott , a 24-year-old transgender Kent State graduate , is facing a roadblock from the man in the nation 's highest office . President Trump wants to effectively ban transgender individuals from serving in the armed forces . For now , the virtual ban is on hold while four federal lawsuits proceed . Talbott is a plaintiff in one of those suits .
`` There 's nothing about being transgender that makes you any less capable than anybody else of military service , '' says Talbott .
Federal courts ruled late last year that the Trump administration must allow Talbott and other potential recruits to enlist while the lawsuits proceed . Talbott spoke to several recruiters more than a year ago . Several seemed unsure about working with him . Then they called an Air Force recruiter and the two clicked . That recruiter is the main reason Talbott is trying to enlist in the Air National Guard .
`` He was the one who said , 'Wow , this is awesome . I really want to learn about this so that I can help other folks in the future , ' `` Talbott says , recalling that first conversation . `` That 's the kind of attitude , that 's what I would expect from the military , that attitude of hey , this is a new challenge for me , let 's face it head-on . ''
Talbott has filed piles of documents including letters from a counselor and doctors that show their gender transition has been stable for at least 18 consecutive months . That 's one of the requirements the military is using when processing current applicants who are transgender .
`` I 've been seeing the same doctor for about five years now — I definitely made that 18 months , '' Talbott says .
Talbott studies and works out daily while they wait to be called in for a physical exam and the entry vocational aptitude test . They say they can hit the minimum male boot camp standards for running , pushups and situps . The testosterone Talbott takes is helping them close differences in muscle mass and bone density as compared with non-trans men . They are aiming for the top performance tier .
`` That 's what military readiness is really about . Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day ? '' says Talbott . `` That 's what it 's about . It 's not about what you look like under that uniform . ''
Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day ? That 's what it 's about . It 's not about what you look like under that uniform .
Recommendations signed by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and presented to President Trump disagree .
`` The Department of Defense concludes that there are substantial risks associated with allowing the accession and retention of individuals with a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria and require , or have already undertaken , a course of treatment to change their gender , '' wrote Mattis in a memorandum dated Feb. 22 . They go on to say that including service members who are or have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria , the medical condition for someone who transitions , `` could undermine readiness , disrupt unit cohesion , and impose an unreasonable burden on the military that is not conducive to military effectiveness and lethality . ''
Some other transgender men and women are putting off or abandoning efforts to join the military as the political and legal fights drag on .
Both Mattis and a Pentagon spokesperson have declined further comment about those recommendations because they are part of pending litigation . To Talbott 's buddy James Napierkowski , 22 , that sounds like the same claim once used to keep women and openly gay service members out .
`` Both times it 's proved to be not disruptive at all and only bring in more qualified people into the military who want to help and can help , '' says Napierkowski , a senior airman with the Ohio National Guard .
Napierkowski , speaking for himself , says the military will need to bring transgender troops into service slowly so that active service members can get to know men and women like Talbott .
`` But once [ current troops ] realize that [ transgender service members ] are just people like everyone else , it 'll be just fine and be very beneficial , '' Napierkowski says .
Talbott says they realize they will be under a spotlight , answering lots of questions about being transgender .
`` There are going to be situations where it 's going to very obvious that I 'm trans , you know , in the showers and that sort of thing , '' Talbott says . But they say they focus on their `` purpose '' — `` to put on my uniform and do my job . ''
The two friends , roughly the same medium height and lean-muscled build , both with short , cropped hair , trade tips on running and video games . When Talbott gets discouraged , Napierkowski stops by to offer a pep talk .
`` Till things get sorted out , one way or another , just keep pushing and eventually you 'll break through , hopefully , '' says Napierkowski , in between bites of doughnuts on a Sunday afternoon .
`` Until then I 'm just going to keep living vicariously through you , '' Talbott says , laughing .
`` I 'll take lots of pictures and videos , '' Napierkowski says .
Talbott says they have broad support from other friends in the military , former teachers and their family . Their grandmother Rhoda Dineen may be Talbott 's biggest fan . Them three brothers served . Dineen , 71 , ca n't understand why Trump does n't want them grandson .
`` And he 's wasting time because eventually it will be , '' Dineen says , `` so why not let the good guys in while they 're young . ''
Jennifer Levi , who is arguing Talbott 's case on behalf of GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders , says they understand the caution but believes in the strength of the case against the ban .
`` The preliminary decisions that have been issued now in four cases really support that confidence , '' Levi says .
More motions are due Wednesday in Talbott 's case , before the federal district court in central California .
Driver Accused of Trying to Lure Girl Into Car
Columbia , SC ( WOLO ) — The Columbia Police Department says they 're stepping up patrols on foot and in patrol cars after an 11 year old girl claims a man tried to lure them into their car .
Authorities say the young girl was on their way to school around 8 Monday morning , when they reached the 24 hundred blocks of Waites Road . The girl says a light-skinned , heavy set black male in a silver car made an “ inappropriate gesture ” at them
The following day , the 11 year old says the same man passed them as they were heading home from school in the same area and attempted to lure them into their car . Officials say the girl ran home and told family members who immediately contacted Columbia Police .
In response to the reports , police have increased patrols and notified community leaders , residents , and school resource officers in the area to be on the lookout for anyone fitting this description .
Police believe the suspect may be driving a newer model Silver Kia Forte seen here .
CPD does not believe that this incident is related to the recent attempted abduction reports of young boys in Irmo .
( Photo Courtesy : CPD )
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Police say a man has been shot in the ankle near the Barclays Center in New York City after an argument .
Police say the shooting happened around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday outside a shopping center across the street from the Brooklyn arena , where the NBA 's Brooklyn Nets and the NHL 's New York Islanders play and the site of concerts and other events .
Police were searching for two men involved in the altercation . No one else was injured .
The victim was taken to a nearby hospital in stable condition .
Madhavan , who is currently working on their upcoming film Vikram Veda , celebrated new year with the closest friend Suriya and their wife Jyothika .
Sharing the picture on Twitter , Madhavan wrote , “ With the dearest friends and family . A blessed new year eve… Love you bro . ”
“ Last day of the shoot here in Chennai for 2016 .. to be resumed in 2017 .. now off with the family and friends to Dubai for a quick NYE party , ” they had posted on their Twitter account .
Giving back their love , Suriya said their bond with Madhavan is “ too special ” . “ This bond is too special Maddy bro ! ! Ca n't thank you enough for all that you do ! ! ” they tweeted .
It may be recalled that Madhavan and Suriya had acted together in Mani Ratnam 's Ayudha Ezhuthu more than a decade ago .
Last year , Madhavan tasted box office success and even received good reviews from the critics for their sports drama Irudhi Suttru . Suriya 's 24 had collected more than Rs 100 crore at the box office .
GREY-BRUCE -
A new labour market planning board survey of workers and those looking for a job seeks “ honest feedback ” about their employment challenges .
For four years , the Four County Labour Market Planning Board has surveyed employers and published the results . Consistently , employers complained of labour shortages and that too many workers lacked the “ soft skills ” or “ work ethic ” needed .
“ For the first time , we will be gathering information about why employees have quit jobs , and which factors are most important to people when they are looking for employment or considering switching jobs , ” Gemma Mendez-Smith said in a news release announcing the survey .
Mendez-Smith is the executive director of the government-funded planning board , which covers Grey , Bruce , Huron and Perth counties . They tried for two years to fund a survey of workers and job seekers to hear their side of the story .
When funding requests failed , this online , anonymous , five-minute survey was created from within the planning board 's own budgets to create a foundation to build on , Mendez-Smith said in an interview Wednesday .
“ I do believe that we will get clarity on some of those pieces , ” they said of the perceptions of employers about some employees ' willingness to work , promptness , interpersonal skills and other qualities lumped in with “ soft skills ” .
They repeated comments they have made in this regard , noting sometimes people have “ barriers to employment that could be perceived on the other end as an attitude or a work ethic issue . But really it is a life issue . ”
These could include problems arranging rides to work , childcare challenges or personal issues like an apartment eviction , which may appear to an employer to be a lack of motivation to come to work if these explanations are n't understood .
There are up to 14 questions to fill out .
Do people working part-time want to work full-time ? Some who have responded so far say part-time is all they want , Mendez-Smith said .
If you quit your job , why ? What three things do you consider most important when looking for a job ? What three things are the most important to stay at that job ?
“ What we 're really wanting to know is , what are the actionable items that we can respond to in an initiative or in some program that we develop ? ” Mendez-Smith said .
The online survey , at https : //www.surveymonkey.com/r/EmployeeSurveyFCLMPB , will also be available on paper at Y Employment Services in Owen Sound and VIP Working Solutions in Walkerton . It opened for responses July 1 and may be filled out until Oct. 1 . Results will be available in December .
“ I am really excited that we are able to do this , ” Mendez-Smith said , while they also acknowledged the survey is not as “ robust ” as they would have liked . “ But certainly it 's a great start for something that we can build upon in the future . ”
Pakistan spoil England 's party to reach Champions Trophy final
England 's hopes of a first ICC Champions Trophy title came crashing down in Cardiff as Pakistan cruised to an eight-wicket semi-final win .
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017 , 22:03 IST
Pakistan celebrate against England
Pakistan 's resurgence at the ICC Champions Trophy continued in Cardiff on Wednesday as Sarfraz Ahmed 's side dumped out hosts England to reach the final .
After a meek and meagre display in their opening match of the tournament against India , Pakistan were labelled `` shambolic '' and `` terrible '' by coach Mickey Arthur but have shone ever since .
Victories over South Africa and crucially Sri Lanka secured their place in the last four and they take their place in this weekend 's showpiece thanks to a comprehensive eight-wicket win over England .
The hosts had been strong favourites to claim a first Champions Trophy crown but fluffed their lines when it mattered most .
While Pakistan 's bowlers thrived on the slow wicket at Sophia Gardens , the same could not be said for England as all their key batsmen got in before throwing away their wickets .
In stark contrast , Pakistan thrived as they cruised to victory with 77 balls to spare , opener Azhar Ali top scoring with 76 off 100 deliveries as they closed on 215-2 .
Pakistan - who are the lowest ranked team in the tournament - could now gain revenge over India for their opening-game defeat , but only if Virat Kohli 's side can overcome Bangladesh in the second semi-final on Thursday .
England 's decision to drop Jason Roy in favour of Jonny Bairstow ( 43 ) produced more runs at the top of the order , but the opening stand was brief as the normally reliable Alex Hales fell for just 13 - Rumman Raees ( 2-44 ) taking their maiden one-day international wicket .
Bairstow and Yorkshire team-mate Joe Root ( 46 ) threatened to punish the Pakistan bowling with a promising second-wicket stand but - in what was to become an all too familiar scenario - they failed to get past 50 .
Eoin Morgan ( 33 ) and Ben Stokes ( 34 ) had both impressed during the tournament - the latter scoring a century last time out against Australia - but it was not to be their day as England wickets began to tumble .
The pace of the wicket proved England 's undoing as the previously used track was superbly exploited by seamers Junaid Khan and Rumman , while Hasan Ali was able to extract enough movement to remove all three of the hosts ' dangermen .
As wickets fell , England naturally saw the scoreboard stutter , with Morgan 's side slipping from 128-2 to 181-7 in an 16-over spell - a struggle that ultimately cost them .
Instead of bludgeoning runs in the middle section of the innings , England allowed pressure to build and , despite Stokes hanging around until the final few overs , they failed to find the boundary .
Their 34 came off 64 deliveries and failed to beat the men in the deep , Sarfraz getting their fielding positions spot on as their bowlers produced a sublime display .
211 all out at the end of our innings # EngvPak # CT17
Tough work out there
Match centre ➡️ https : //t.co/MtcKzN5loP pic.twitter.com/hY94ZNw7w1 — England Cricket ( @ englandcricket ) June 14 , 2017
Any problems England had encountered were not even a concern for Pakistan , as Azhar and Fakhar Zaman put on 118 for the opening wicket , Morgan running through six bowlers before Adil Rashid ( 1-54 ) made the breakthrough .
Unlike their Pakistan counterparts , England 's bowlers struggled to adapt to the conditions and were too often short and wide , allowing easy runs to be picked up .
Fakhar 's dismissal for 57 in the 22nd over did little to slow down the run rate as Babar Azam ( 38 not out ) and Mohammad Hafeez got Pakistan home with time to spare .
The winning runs came courtesy of a Hafeez pull to the square-leg boundary , leaving them unbeaten on 31 , as Pakistan continued to belie their ranking of eighth in one-day international cricket .
MILAN—A lone Italian gunman wounded six African immigrants in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree Saturday in a small Italian city where just days earlier a Nigerian man was arrested in the gruesome killing of a teenager , officials said .
The shooting suspect was identified as Luca Traini , a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record . Traini had run as a candidate for the anti-migrant Northern League party in a local election last year in the city of Corridonia . They did not win .
A video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed a man with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city centre , near where they apparently fled their car on foot . Italian news reports said the man did a Fascist salute as they were arrested , but no salute was visible in the video .
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme as Italy continues to struggle the migrant arrivals .
The head of the rebranded League , Matteo Salvini , has capitalized on the killing in campaign appearances , and is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in their first year in office if their party wins control of parliament and they are named premier .
WMSE 's program hosts constantly search through the latest releases , and feature the best in all genres on their weekly shows . At WMSE , there is no Program Director creating daily playlists , so what you hear is a reflection of the knowledge , interests , and personalities of our dedicated on-air staff .
The albums on the weekly Top Airplay list reflect the diverse interests of our staff , and the range of what is considered “ alternative ” . As a quick genre guide : Radio 200 = mostly pop and rock and some crossover genres like electronic , soul , hip hop and world , Adds = top brand-new releases for the week , RPM = electronic , New World = world , Jazz = well…jazz ! Blues is reported and updated monthly , so check back every four weeks for the latest news on those blues . Take a look through the past weeks ' lists and notice just how many things change week to week here at WMSE . You 'll never hear us get very stagnant .
As a result of our long history and the knowledge of our volunteer DJ 's , WMSE is considered a “ Core 50″ station by the College Music Journal ( CMJ ) , the industry standard for what 's happening in non-commercial radio . This means WMSE is one of fifty stations in the country whose play lists matters most when CMJ creates their own weekly charts of what 's being played around the country .
Our Music Director , Erin , compiles the most-played albums every week , reports those albums to CMJ each Tuesday ( as well as the top blues alums at the end of each month ) and makes those lists available to you , our listeners . Take a look at what our DJ 's are excited about these days in six different categories , and get a sense of what you 'll be hearing when you tune in to WMSE…for now .
Listings printed as : Artist , Title , Label
* = local
Date Reported : 2/14/17
Listed As : artist , title , label
Radio 200
1 . Ty Segall , s/t , Drag City
2 . Sleater-Kinney , Live In Paris , Sub Pop
3 . Cloud Nothings , Life Without Sound , Carpark
4 . Japandroids , Near to the Wild Heart of Life , Anti-
5 . The xx , I See You , Young Turks
6 . The Sadies , Northern Passages , Yep Roc
7 . Run the Jewels , RTJ3 , Run the Jewels Inc .
8 . Moon Duo , Occult Architecture Vol . 1 , Sacred Bones
9 . Strand Of Oaks , Hard Love , Dead Oceans
10 . Nikki Lane , Highway Queen , New West
11 . Phantogram , Three , Republic
12 . The Pukes , Revenge Of… , self-released *
13 . Ratbatspider , Angry Red Live , self-released *
14 . The Fatty Acids , “ Strangers ” b/w “ In Your House ” [ single ] , Gloss *
15 . Jim James , Eternally Even , ATO
16 . Menzingers , After the Party , Epitaph
17 . Spoon , “ Hot Thoughts ” [ single ] , Matador
18 . Tobin Sprout , The Universe and Me , Burger
19 . Austra , Future Politics , Domino
20 . Cherry Glazerr , Apocalipstick , Secretly Canadian
21 . Stef Chura , Messes , Urinal Cake
22 . Mosleys , Bonafide and Pixelated , self-released *
23 . Tim Darcy , Saturday Night , Secretly Canadian
24 . Julie Byrne , Not Even Happiness , Ba Da Bing !
25 . Sallie Ford , Soul Sick , Concord
26 . Grandaddy , “ Way We Wo n't ” [ single ] , Columbia
27 . The Flaming Lips , Oczy Mlody , Warner Bros .
28 . Childish Gambino , Awaken , My Love , Glassnote
29 . Def Harmonic , The Lead Singer of Genesis , self-released *
30 . Elbow , Little Fictions , Polydor
Adds
1 . Sinkane , Life & Livin ' It , City Slang
2 . POW ! , Crack An Egg , Castle Face
3 . Jesca Hoop , Memories Are Now , Sub Pop
4 . The Sadies , Northern Passages , Yep Roc
5 . Ryan Adams , Prisoner , Pax-Am
RPM
1 . The xx , I See You , Young Turks
2 . Phantogram , Three , Republic
3 . Austra , Politics , Domino
4 . Def Harmonic , The Lead Singer of Genesis , self-released *
5 . Beats Antique , Shadowbox , self-released
6 . Coldcut , Only Heaven [ EP ] , Ahead Of Our Time
7 . Harrison Brome , Fill Your Brains , Network
8 . Justice , Woman , Because Music
9 . Acid Arab , Musique De France , Crammed Discs
10 . Ibibio Sound Machine , “ The Is On Fire ” [ single ] , Merge Records
New World
1 . Beats Antique , Shadowbox , self-released
2 . Acid Arab , Musique De France , Crammed Discs
3 . Ibibio Sound Machine , “ The Pot Is On Fire ” [ single ] , Merge
4 . Cafe Tacvba , “ Un Par De Lugares ” b/w “ Futuro ” [ single ] , Bastard Jazz
5 . Luisa Maita , Flo Da Memoria , Cumbancha
6 . Chico Mann and Captain Planet , Night Visions , Bastard Jazz
7 . Holdup , Leaves In the Pool , Rootfire Cooperative
8 . Pink Martini , Je Dis Oui ! , Heinz
9 . Gaye Su Akyol , Hologram , Glitterbeat
10 . Afro Bop Alliance Big Band , Revelation , oa2
Jazz
1 . Sun Ra , Singles – The Definitive 45s Collection , ( 1952 – 1991 ) , Strut
2 . Pink Martini , Je Dis Oui ! , Heinz
3 . Erik Applegate , Two 's Company , Artist Alliance Records
4 . Steve Slagle , Alto Manhattan , Panorama Records
5 . Planet D Nonet , A Salute to Strayhorn , Detroit Music Factory
6 . Joey DeFrancesco , Project Freedom , Mack Avenue
7 . Frank Kohl Quartet , Rising Tide , Pony Boy
8 . Phil Parisot , Lingo , oa2
9 . Carol Morgan , Post Cool Vol . 1 , self-released
10 . George Burton , The Truth of What I Am > The Narcissist , Inner Circle Music
Blues ( updated monthly )
1 . Thornetta Davis , Honest Woman , Sweet Mama Music
2 . Ronnie Baker Brooks , Times Have Changed , Provogue
3 . John Latini , The Blues Just Made Me Feel Good , Smokin ' Sleddog
4 . Beth Hart , Fire On the Floor , Provogue
5 . Various Artists , The Musical Mojo of Dr. John : Celebrating Mac and Their Music , Concord
6 . The Jimmys , Live From Transylvania , at Sighisoara Blues Festival , Brown Cow Productions
7 . Popa Chubby , The Catfish , self-released
8 . Reverend Freakchild , Preaching ' Blues , Treated and Released
9 . Rory Block , Keepin ' Outta Trouble , Stony Plain
10 . Nick Moss Band , Root to the Fruit , Blue Bella
11 . Big Head Blues Club , Way Down Inside – Songs of Willie Dixon , Big Records
12 . Colin James , Blue Highways , The North Records
13 . Hamish Anderson , Trouble , self-released
14 . Frank Bang & the Cook County Kings , The Blues Do n't Care , Blue Hoss Records
15 . Ray Fuller and the Blues Rockers , Long Black Train , self-released
16 . Derrick Procell , Why I Choose to Sing the Blues , self-released
17 . Tom Craig , Ready For Me , self-released
18 . Tim Gartland , Want a Good Woman , self-released
19 . Mark “ Porkchop ” Holder , Let It Slide , Alive NaturalSound
20 . Cee Cee James , Stripped Down & Surrendered , FWG Records
21 . Mike Zito , Make Blues Not War , Ruf Records
22 . Peter Karp , Alabama Town , Rose Cottage
23 . Monkeyjunk , Time to Roll , Stony Plain
24 . Knickerbocker All-Stars , Texas Rhody Blues , JP Cadillac
25 . Robert Randolph and the Family Band , Got Soul , Sony
They referred to the traditional system of aid , which was used to help those affected by the Second World War , as one that is still used today .
Princess Haya further stressed on the need for governments , NGOs , and other organisations to look outside the box , away from traditional methods of aid assistance , and to rely on technology and innovation to speed up humanitarian response times . “ When the UN decided to evacuate their staff from Kabul , UAE was capable of accomplishing the task in three hours , ” they said . Princess Haya also referred to the use of drones to deliver aid to remote areas of Africa , as another innovative method of rapid aid response . According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , UAE is one of the most generous donors of foreign aid in the world , reporting an increase of 34 per cent in foreign aid in 2015 , which reached Dh32 billion , the equivalent of $ 8.8 billion . Year of Giving “ The UAE will continue to be in the Year of Giving , one of the most humanitarian countries in the world , ” said Princess Haya . They referred to devastating statistics showing the total amount of required aid in the world has increased to $ 22 billion , 10 times the amount needed in 2000 . “ There are still 800 million people suffering from the worst kind of hunger and poverty . The poor and the hungry do not think about anything but how to gain their daily bread , ” said Princess Haya . They highlighted that the UAE is establishing a state for the future , which embodies innovative solutions for humanitarian aid . They also pointed out the international humanitarian city has become the largest logistical city and fastest in delivering humanitarian services in the world , with more than 50 organisations working under its wing . World hunger On the topic of world hunger , Princess Haya explained the latest UN reports , which show that the amount of wasted food adds up to $ 2.6 trillion a year , enough to feed the world population three times , including the 800 million people who continue to live in a state of hunger . “ Our plan of action on a humanitarian level will first start by putting a total end to world hunger so that it reaches zero per cent , then fighting poverty through development and transparency , ” they added . Princess Haya praised Shaikh Mohammad for establishing the Emirates Food Bank , which they said is another step contributing to the eradication of world hunger , and encouraged other governments around the world to follow in their footsteps . “ Humanitarian aid is our responsibility ; this is humanity , ” they said . More from Government Mohammad launches 10x pro-innovation initiative
Mohammad launches new accelerator initiative
Mohammad honours Togo
Winners of SDG workshops announced
Shinsegae Department Store said Wednesday it has created a new jewelry brand called Addir that focuses on diamonds . Its products will be designed , sourced , manufactured and sold through Shinsegae Department Store . Addir opens at the department store 's Daegu branch Thursday and its Gangnam branch Friday . Addir at Shinsegae Daegu is shown in the picture . ( Shinsegae Department Store )
BREITBART :
Afghan officials told reporters this week that Beijing is reportedly holding discussions with Kabul over establishing a military base near China 's border with Afghanistan .
Chinese officials reportedly cited concerns about the threat posed by Uighur jihadists in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region , considered by the Pentagon to be home to the “ highest concentration ” of terrorists in the world .
Afghanistan shares a border with the autonomous Xinjiang region—China 's largest province . Xinjiang is home to China 's oppressed Muslim Uighur ( or Uyghur ) minority , whose separatist groups reportedly train and operate in the Af-Pak region .
× Is your data safe on Facebook ? Not really
Your personal information is Facebook 's currency . It 's bought and sold every day .
When advertisers want to target a specific group of customers who , for example , are a particular age and have a certain political affiliation or interest , Facebook makes that possible . The stuff you share and the inferences Facebook makes about you are packaged together with similar people 's data , stripped of names and sold to companies . That allows businesses to put ads in front of people they 're certain they can influence .
On Facebook , you are the product . Advertisers are the customer .
Facebook 's not alone . Most advertiser-supported networks sell some of your information to third parties . Google , Microsoft , Yahoo , AOL , Amazon , Twitter , and Yelp do the same .
Related : What You need to know about Facebook 's data debacle
Giving up our privacy is the price we pay for getting to use Facebook for free . Most of the time , that tradeoff works : People take advantage of free services by posting , searching and sharing . Most companies that collect our data use it for legitimate purposes and within the bounds that companies like Facebook permit .
That arrangement has turned Facebook and Google into online advertising juggernauts . They have built massive audiences of billions of customers , and advertisers flock to them . Facebook and Google control three-quarters of the $ 83 billion digital advertising market in the United States , according to eMarketer .
But the customer-is-the-product deal does n't always work to the user 's advantage . This weekend , the public learned data company Cambridge Analytica improperly accessed 50 million Facebook users ' personal information to influence the 2016 election .
Internet companies have a financial disincentive to give users more control over their data . If people share less , social networks will earn less money .
Related : Facebook announces forensic audit of Trump data firm Cambridge Analytica
Most companies offer privacy settings , and some even let you leave and take your data with you . But they do n't make it easy , and critics say social networks and internet companies should give users far more say about which data ends up in advertisers ' hands — and when .
“ Tech companies can and should do more to protect users , including giving users far more control over what data is collected and how that data is used , ” said the Electronic Freedom Foundation in a statement . “ That starts with meaningful transparency . ”
Once you share something on any digital service , your personal information leaves your control . Cambridge Analytica serves as a stark reminder of that .
Related : Why nobody can tell Mark Zuckerberg what to do
The researcher who initially obtained the Facebook users ' data did so properly , but Facebook says they broke its rules when they passed that information to Cambridge Analytica without users ' authorization . That 's the tricky thing with data : Once it 's out there , it 's hard to out boundaries around it . Facebook trusts companies and researchers who obtain your data to use it properly . If they break the rules , Facebook can punish them ( it suspended Cambridge Analytica , for example ) , but only after your data has already been used illicitly .
“ It 's difficult to police after it 's left your secure perimeter , ” said Rik Ferguson , vice president of security research at Trend Micro . “ Cambridge took advantage of the porousness of Facebook . ”
David Goldman
Ving Rhames has been cast in CBS ' “ Cagney & Lacey ” reboot pilot .
Rhames will play oolice Capt . Stark , the LAPD homicide coordinator who is described as unflappable and a leader who inspires loyalty in everyone around him . Their feature film credits include “ Father Figures , ” “ Pulp Fiction. ” “ Con Air , ” and the “ Mission : Impossible ” franchise . They join Sarah Drew and Michelle Hurd , who last week were cast in the title roles .
Bridget Carpenter will serve as writer and executive producer for the pilot reboot . CBS Television Studios will produce alongside MGM Television . Hurd will play Lacey , an LAPD Detective . Athletic , polished , former high-school track and field champion . They are described as empathetic and straightforward , and is Cagney 's more experienced partner . Drew will play LAPD detective Cagney , described as Lacey 's nimble and easygoing partner and protégée .
Carpenter , who is under an overall deal at CBS Television Studios , recently served as a consulting producer on HBO drama “ Westworld ” and previously produced and wrote for “ Friday Night Lights ” and “ Parenthood. ” They developed the Hulu series “ 11.22.63 . ”
The original “ Cagney and Lacey ” ran for seven seasons and 125 episodes on CBS beginning in 1982 . The drama spawned four made-for-TV movies in the mid-90s . Sharon Gless and Tyne Daly played the title roles for the majority of the series , though Loretta Swit played Cagney in the original two-hour pilot . Meg Foster played Cagney for the first season .
Rhames is represented by Kramer Management .
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- New York Yankees left-hander CC Sabathia was diagnosed with Grade 2 left hamstring strain Wednesday and could be out at least four weeks .
The Yankees have yet to place Sabathia , whose next scheduled start would have been Sunday , on the disabled list . They injured the hamstring pushing off the mound Tuesday .
Yankees left-hander CC Sabathia had a 0.99 ERA in their six starts prior to straining their hamstring . Brad Penner/USA TODAY Sports
It could be a big loss for the Yankees , who were seeing the left-hander pitch like an ace again in their past six starts ( 0.99 ERA ) .
Grade 2 hamstring strains can take four to eight weeks to fully heal . Though normally associated with runners , Yankees manager Joe Girardi said they also can be a difficult challenge for pitchers .
`` It can be an issue when it 's a push-off leg , '' Girardi said . `` That 's the leg you 're using to drive downhill and push off on . ''
Girardi said the team was undecided who would fill their spot in the rotation .
ISLAMABAD : Opposition leader Khursheed Shah has said that they will try to ensure that the caretaker prime minister is neutral .
Speaking to media here on Tuesday they said the caretaker PM should not a part of any political party . They said they have yet to hold a discussion with Pakistan Peoples Party over the issue , adding that the advisory session will be held in the presence of party chair Bilawal Bhutto Zardari and co-chairperson Asif Ali Zardari . “ The general elections should be held as soon as possible , ” they added .
The current government is expected to conclude its five-year term on May 31 , after which the caretaker government will take over to hold general elections , which are expected to be held in July or first week of August .
Orignally published by INP
Let 's be honest , despite last year 's burst of hype , chatbots have n't progressed beyond asking and answering simple questions . Still , researchers are n't letting go of their dream of a perfect digital assistant .
If bots are to be really helpful , they 'll need to be more than a dumb user interface . They will have to engage in more complex chatter , which is hard to do . One area of complex conversation that has received little attention is negotiation . Developers are , right now , crafting bots that try to do specific things such as helping people book flights or deal with restaurant reservations , but in those jobs both parties have the same goal – getting someone on a flight , or finding them a table .
What happens if they do n't want the same thing ? Well , it turns out chatbots , after being taught to negotiate , will sometimes lie to get what they want . Who said artificial intelligence had to be nice ?
In an experiment , the Facebook AI Research ( FAIR ) team forced two bots to learn how to negotiate with one another by presenting them with a bargaining task .
Both agents are shown the same number of objects – two books , one hat and three balls – and they have to split the items between them . They have been programmed to want different things , as each class of object is worth a different number of points to each bot . The goal is for both bots to compromise so that they can both walk away with decent scores .
A software system , dubbed dialogue rollouts , to achieve this negotiation has been published online on Wednesday . It allows bots to plan and reason ahead , Mike Lewis , lead author of the paper and researcher at FAIR , and Dhruv Batra , coauthor of the paper and assistant professor at Georgia Tech , explained to The Register .
“ In games like chess or Go , agents have to consider what the counter move will be , as there are many different possibilities . [ Dialogue rollout ] applies a similar idea . If I say this , what will you say back ? ”
Based on a candidate 's responses , the bot simulates different responses before deciding which one to use .
The bots can only spar with words they were taught . The training data was compiled from 5,808 human dialogues , containing about 1,000 words in total , all generated by real people grafting away for the Amazon Mechanical Turk service . The bots learn to imitate the ways people compromise so that they can try to predict what the other person will say in certain situations .
The team used a mixture of supervised learning for the prediction phase and reinforcement learning to help the bots pick which response they should reply with . If the software agents walk away from the negotiation or do not reach an agreement within 10 rounds of dialogue , both receive zero points , so it is to their benefit to broker a deal .
The most interesting tactic to emerge was the ability to lie . Sometimes bots feigned interest in objects they did n't really want , and then pretended to give them up during the bargaining process .
“ They learned to lie because they discovered a strategy that works , given the game reward . Maybe it occurred a few times in the training dataset . Humans do n't tend to be defective in Amazon Mechanical Turk , so it 's a rare strategy , ” Bhatra said .
The hope is that the negotiation process learned here can be extended to other settings , such as using bots to book a meeting with someone or buying and selling products – all useful features for personal assistants .
Facebook 's assistant M for its messenger platform is an ongoing project . The hype around its release fell flat when it was revealed that it could only perform a limited number of tasks , including recommending stickers , sharing locations , and getting a ride on Uber or Lyft .
The researchers said there were no immediate plans to apply dialogue rollouts to M. But they have opened it up to developers by releasing their negotiation code on GitHub . ®
North Dorset District Council has set up a grant fund of £15k to support apprenticeships , as part of its focus on supporting economic growth .
The purpose of the Apprenticeship Grant Fund is to help make it easier for local businesses to set up apprenticeships , as part of developing their workforce , and will also provide apprenticeship opportunities for local people . The maximum grant is £1,500 , and can fund relevant costs , such as equipment , travel , training , and salaries .
Cllr Sherry Jespersen , North Dorset District Council 's Portfolio Holder for Economic Development , said : “ We see apprenticeships as a way of accessing a good mix of work and training , and potentially helping to retain people in North Dorset .
“ There are many excellent businesses in North Dorset , and so there will be good opportunities for apprenticeships in the area . ”
To apply for the fund or to find out more information visit : dorsetforyou.com/north-dorset-economic-growth-fund .
The district council also has a grant scheme to support start-up businesses with small grants , details are also available at : dorsetforyou.com/north-dorset-economic-growth-fund
ISLAMABAD Apr 18 ( APP ) : Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Sheikh Aftab on Tuesday said the government has all respect for the Parliament and democratic system in the country .
Responding to a point raised by Opposition Leader Syed Khursheed Ahmed Shah , the minister rejected the notion that the government was serious about the Parliamentary business .
“ Parliament has motherly role for the country and people and the
government is fully alive to this fact , ” they said .
They said the treasury and opposition benches are indispensable for the
Parliament and as far the PML-N government is concerned , it never undermined the status and stature of the Parliament .
They mentioned to the time when the PML-N was in opposition and said , our party even did not use to point out quorum during the PPPP government just to ensure that House proceedings are not disrupted .
“ Then how can it be stated about us that we do not have respect for the Parliament . I state in clear terms that our party has all the respect for this and the Upper House , ” they added .
( Yonhap )
K bank , South Korea 's first internet-only bank and seventh commercial bank , had drawn more than 200,000 new customers and 230 billion won ( $ 203 million ) in deposits as of Tuesday morning , data from the bank showed.Nearly half of the deposits of K bank , which officially opened for business on April 3 , had come from low-cost current and savings accounts , the bank said.K bank 's current and savings account ratio marked nearly 50 percent , 1.6 times higher than the average figure of 12 commercial banks -- 30 percent -- as of the end of 2016 . The ratio of deposits in current and saving accounts to total deposits is considered an indicator in assessing the profitability of a lender.K bank picked its signature banking product , called “ Dual K Checking Account , ” which combined features of checking deposits and time deposits , as the reason for the “ unanticipated ” popularity.A Dual K Checking Account user may customize the deposit amounts to earn returns of 1.2 percent at most , without any document procedures , while the remaining deposits can be withdrawn at any times . The interest rates are applied each month , which contrasts to time deposits where the rates are applied annually.Loans extended by the online-only bank surpassed 130 billion won , the data also showed. “ K bank will walk a long path , regardless of ups and downs in figures , by focusing on customers ' profits and stable banking services , ” said Shim Sung-hoon , chief executive of K bank.K bank is based on a consortium made up of 21 stakeholders , with telecommunications giant KT holding the largest share , 8 percent.By Son Ji-hyoung ( consnow @ heraldcorp.com )
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : A delegation comprising senators from French government called on Interior Minister Professor Ahsan Iqbal Monday and discussed matters pertaining to mutual cooperation in economy and security .
Fusion of Chinese one belt , one road and Pakistan Vision 2025 has been realized in the form of CPEC which will bring prosperity and progress in Pakistan and the region , the minister said .
They added that developing Pakistan as a hub of the regional connectivity is major pillar of Pakistan 's vision 2025 .
They said that owing to the geographic and strategic location of Pakistan and economic turnaround , Pakistan has assumed greater importance in the international economic arena .
They emphasized that new connectivity develops new markets , which creates new demand resulting in new growth . “ In CPEC we have developed a portfolio of about $ 50 billion ; the bulk of the investment is going in energy sector , ” the minister told the delegation .
They said that the country was suffering from 18-20 hours of load shedding on daily basis when the incumbent government came into power in 2013 . They added that today , power shortages had been reduced in many areas to zero hours and in some areas to 2-4 hours .
10,000 MW of electricity has been added in the last four years which is a great achievement of the current government . They said that half of investment in the energy sector is catered from CPEC and the rest has come from government resources .
The minister said that CPEC entails good return for the Chinese investors and gives Pakistan much needed foreign investment .
They highlighted that regional economies will greatly benefit from development of Gawadar Port as modern smart port city . They also asserted that the 207 million population of Pakistan consists of 80 million middle class and youth constitutes two third of the total population .
The rising middle class in the country is attractive for investors as it provides them a good market . They added that development of modern infrastructure , economic growth , strategic location and well trained human resource are attracting investors from Europe and America .
They said that the vision 2025 is premised on making Pakistan top 25 economy by the year 2025 . They hoped that Air France should resume its flights in Pakistan .
Talking on the Pakistan 's sacrifices in war against terror , the minister said that international community should acclaim the sacrifices rendered by Pakistan and its citizens . “ We have suffered 60,000 lives of our people in the war against terror . No other country has suffered more than Pakistan in this war . ”
They added that there is a dramatic decrease of 90 % in the terrorism incidents in the country . They said that most of the recent terrorists attacks were planned and executed across the western border . We are a peace loving country and strong proponent of peace in south Asia . We are pursuing an economic agenda to provide bright future to our next generations .
French delegation commended the Interior Minister for their endeavors as a visionary leader and their role in the development of economy in Pakistan .
The delegation also expressed their interest that France should participate in CPEC projects and reap dividends from its benefits . They also acknowledged the role of Pakistan in its fight against terror and its efforts in restoring peace and stability in the region .
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 6:14 am |
An empty classroom awaits the new school year in Yerushalayim . ( Yonatan Sindel/Flash90 )
YERUSHALAYIM - Barely three weeks before the start of the new school year , school security guards said that they may decide not to show up for work on September 1st . Despite agreements made between security guards – many of whom are contract workers who do not receive benefits of regular full-time government workers – little has been done to improve the financial position of the guards , according to Alex Tanzer , who leads a union representing 4,500 school security guard contract workers .
“ If you are an official government worker , your employer takes care of you , but if you are a contract worker who is employed by an agency , not the school or the Education Ministry , you are invisible , ” Tanzer said at a press conference Sunday . “ School security guards have it especially bad , for example they have to spend hundreds of shekels on medical tests to prove they are healthy even before they earn a single shekel . ”
Salaries are not stable , either ; during the summer months and school vacation periods , their income shrinks to as little as NIS 1,600 a month – far below the poverty line . “ No one , including the Histadrut labor union , takes an interest in us . The schools and local authorities , not the guards , should be paying for the medical certificates and permits that they demand from workers . It is impossible to earn a living wage under these circumstances , and we will strike until things change . ”
In 2016 , dozens of schools in Yerushalayim went for weeks without security guards , as many quit their jobs over money issues . Various measures – such as an order by Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon ordered that guards not be forced to collect unemployment pay over the summer when school is out , but instead receive salaries – were never followed through .
In response , the Education Ministry said that the Public Security Ministry was responsible for school security guards , which , when asked by Maariv , referred questioners to the Local Authority , representing townships and municipalities in Israel . In its own statement , the Local Authority said that that it was “ working to improve the salaries and conditions of school security guards . They recently received a raise , which local towns and cities are paying for out of pocket , with no help from the government. ” The Histradut said that it had been “ instrumental ” in achieving a pay raise for the guards , and that it would “ continue to fight for improvements to their situation . ”
NEW YORK , Dec 10 ( APP ) : The Democratic governor of California — United States ' most populous state — has denounced President Donald Trump 's for withdrawing the country from the Paris Climate Agreement , saying they do not appear to fear the “ wrath of God ” or have any regard for the “ existential consequences ” of their environmental policies .
I do n't think President Trump has a fear of the Lord , the fear of the wrath of God , which leads one to more humility … this is such a reckless disregard for the truth and for the existential consequences that can be unleashed , Governor Jerry Brown said in an interview on CBS-TV current affairs programme “ 60 Minutes , ” which is set to air on Sunday night .
Brown , who studied to become a Jesuit priest prior to entering politics , has been a vocal critic of the Trump administration .
Their latest comments come as the southern portion of California battles massive wildfires that in just a few days have damaged thousands of acres of property and destroyed hundreds of buildings .
Trump declared a state of emergency in California , which permits federal assistance to supplement the state and local response to the fires .
The order allows the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate disaster relief efforts in the areas affected by the wildfires .
Northern California grappled with a series of wildfires earlier this year that took the lives of 44 people and resulted in billions of dollars of damage .
In the interview , Governor Brown also pushed back on Republican arguments that aggressive environmental policies stunt economic growth .
We have a cap and trade system , which is a very efficient way to reducing greenhouse gases . We have zero-emission vehicle mandate . We have efficiency standards for our buildings , for our appliances . California is showing that dealing with climate is good for the economy , not bad , they said .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq has said that the exemplary relations between Pakistan and China are based on mutual respect and trust and that Pakistan wishes to explore all existing opportunities to further cement these
relations .
They were talking to the delegation headed by Mr Wang Yajun , Assistant Minister of International Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( IDCPC ) who called on them here Monday , said a press release . Convener Pak-China Friendship Group Rana Muhammad Afzal Khan and Ambassador of China in Pakistan Mr Yao Jing were also present in the meeting .
The Speaker reiterated that the historic Pak-China relations have entered a new phase of unprecedented cooperation . “ Your visit will provide yet another opportunity to strengthen the existing warm and friendly relations
between our two countries ” , they said .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq highlighted that Pakistani confidently count on its ‘ time-tested ' friend China at various multilateral forums and added that the two friends have shared perspective on regional issues .
Pakistani people are also thankful to Chinese leader to reach the relations at high level , they said .
The Speaker said that Pakistan is fully committed to the timely and effective implementation of all projects under China Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) , which is a major and one of the most important components of the initiative .
They said that both the countries are working for the prosperity of the people of the region through joint economic and development efforts . “ Pakistan shares the Chinese vision of regional and global economic integration through
strengthening connectivity , and that is the reason Pakistan is among the early partners in the One Belt One Road ( OBOR ) initiative ” , emphasized Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
While apprising the Chinese dignitary regarding Islamabad Speakers ' Conference from December 23 to 26 ,
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq said that the conference will pave the way for a new era of development and prosperity in the
region through connectivity and would helpful to overcome menace of terrorism .
They further said that Speakers from China , Russia , Turkey , Iran and Afghanistan has been invited to attend the conference .
Assistant Minister of IDCPC , Wang Yajun stated that Pakistan has an unrivalled importance in China 's strategic calculations and added that the leadership of both countries have demonstrated an unflinching resolve to further strengthen bilateral relations .
They reiterated that a vibrant Pak-China cooperation is central for tackling challenges in the region and beyond .
Mr Wang highlighted that China is highly committed to assist Pakistan in genuine economic development . They
remarked that China will continue to support Pakistan in technology , infrastructure development and exploration of renewable energy resources .
They added that China is committed to an enduring partnership with Pakistan and aspires to further strengthen the existing brotherly relations .
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 4:50 pm |
Attorney Jeffrey Lichtman , center , speaks at a press conference outside Brooklyn Federal Court , Monday , following a hearing for Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan )
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Private lawyers seeking to represent Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman in their U.S. drug-trafficking case failed to get assurances Monday that they 'll get paid , leaving the Mexican drug lord 's defense in limbo .
During a hearing in federal court in Brooklyn , U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan told the lawyers that if they took the case , there was no guarantee that prosecutors would n't later seize their fees if they could show that the money came from their estimated $ 14 billion in drug profits .
“ I 'm not going to pressure the government to create a carve-out for counsel fees , ” Cogan said .
Guzman smiled and waved at family members as they were led into the courtroom , but they did n't speak during the brief appearance .
Afterward , the lawyers told reporters that they still hope to find a way to represent Guzman . They said they were waiting for them to consult with their sister on Thursday — the first jail visit he 's had by family member since they were brought to the U.S. from Mexico in January .
“ We are looking forward , desperately , to come into this case and fight for Joaquin Guzman . … The guy has a constitutional right to the best counsel they can get , ” said one of the lawyers , Jeffrey Lichtman .
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers should n't have to pay for their defense . But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not “ grant a blanket prospective assurance ” that it wo n't go after money spent on a private defense .
Michelle Gelernt , a public defender currently representing Guzman , called that position “ hypocritical . ”
Lichtman is known for successfully defending John “ Junior ” Gotti , son of the notorious organized crime family boss , at a 2005 trial . The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts .
The lawyer said they have met with Guzman on a weekly basis , hoping to defend them at a trial in April .
“ He is charming , funny , highly intelligent . I enjoyed getting to know him . … I do n't judge someone by what I read in the papers , ” Lichtman told The Associated Press last week .
Guzman has pleaded not guilty to charges that their drug trafficking operation , the Sinaloa cartel , laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings .
The defense has claimed that he 's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists .
The government has argued that their strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico , including once through a tunnel dug to the shower in their cell . Prosecutors said that even while they were behind bars in Mexico , Guzman used coded messages , bribes and other means to control their Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate their breakouts .
FORT WAYNE , Ind . ( WOWO ) – The Fort Wayne Police Department is asking for the public 's help in locating Reondez Leshawn Moore , 20 , of Fort Wayne .
They are being sought by Fort Wayne police detectives for questioning in two active investigations .
If you know Moore 's whereabouts , call the non-emergency line at 360-427-1222 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With Wrestlemania 33 in the rear-view mirror , the focus in the WWE is now on the upcoming Payback pay-per-view later this month , with a number of key matches lined up .
Raw moved on to Columbus , Ohio , on Monday night , and one week on from the Superstar Shake-Up , some new faces were looking to make a big impact .
Here , we recap seven things you missed if you did n't see Monday 's edition of Raw ...
Strowman looks past Roman , continues their path of destruction
( Photo : Handout )
After their remarkable beatdown of Roman Reigns – which featured an ambulance being tipped over with 'The Big Dog ' stranded inside – was replayed , Braun Strowman unsurprisingly opened the show , with a clear message ; there is more destruction to come , even if Reigns is out of action following Strowman 's attack last week .
Having threatened the entire Raw roster , general manager Kurt Angle emerged to tell Strowman that they will face Reigns at the upcoming Payback pay-per-view , they also gave Strowman the night off ... but their massacre of the Raw roster would n't end despite Angle 's insistence that their evening was over .
Strowman not only attacked Goldust and R-Truth backstage , but also threw Kalisto into a dumpster before Big Show intervened , telling Strowman to pick on somebody their own size . With few men on the roster able to match Strowman for size , Big Show took on the challenge of Strowman in a remarkable main event .
Strowman was dazzling the crowd with their mixture of power , athleticism and burgeoning technical wrestling , before hitting a Superplex on Big Show that saw the ring collapse , with referee John Cone sent sprawling out of the ring . For the second week in a row , Strowman was left to stand tall after a show of freakish strength , firing another warning shot to Reigns in the process .
Samoa Joe defeats Chris Jericho , but Rollins wants revenge
( Photo : WWE )
With Kevin Owens now moved to Smackdown , Samoa Joe took over where their allay left off by facing Chris Jericho , who will challenge for Owens ' now-Smackdown-based United States Championship at Payback this month .
Joe 's own Payback opponent , Seth Rollins , watched on from the commentary table as 'The Destroyer ' picked up another win , defeating Jericho with their Coquina Clutch submission before warning Rollins that they do n't want to disappoint their 'benefactor ' Triple H , and will exert revenge for Rollins ' Wrestlemania win over 'The Game ' .
As Joe again mocked and claimed ownership of the knee injury that almost ruled Rollins out of Wrestlemania , Rollins vowed to hand out their own dose of payback on Triple H 's newest protege , as they look to knock off Raw 's dominant forces one by one .
The Miz and Dean Ambrose continue their war of words
( Photo : WWE )
The Miz and Maryse made their return to Raw last week , only to be interrupted by former Smackdown foe Dean Ambrose – and this week , The Miz invited the Intercontinental Champion for an interview on Miz TV , which went about as well as it usually does .
Whilst Cincinnati-born Ambrose received a huge ovation from the Ohio crowd , The Miz accused 'The Lunatic Fringe ' of being lazy and complacent , making the Intercontinental Championship they worked so hard to elevate more of a joke than an honour .
Ambrose fired back with an flurry of punches to The Miz , only for Maryse to interfere by throwing a microphone at Ambrose . Although The Miz rapidly fled the scene , they look set to challenge for the Intercontinental Championship at Payback in a bid to reclaim the title they lost to Ambrose in January .
TJ Perkins continues their rebirth in the Cruiserweight Division
( Photo : WWE )
Having only gone backwards since losing their Cruiserweight Championship to Brian Kendrick back in October , TJ Perkins needed a new direction to get back on track in the Cruiserweight Division – and their alliance with current Champion Neville appears to have given them a new lease of life , even though their latest win was less than honest .
Neville was announced in a 'special appearance ' capacity as they sat ringside to watch over Perkins ' match with Jack Gallagher , only for Cruiserweight Championship challenger Austin Aries to also watch on from outside of the ring .
The finish to the match saw everybody become involved ; Perkins pushed Gallagher into Aries , Aries was ready to attack Perkins before Neville blindsided him , and with Gallagher distracted , Perkins hit a Detonation Kick for the win .
That 's now two wins in a row for Perkins , who appears to be learning the underhanded tricks of Neville 's trade , adding another obstacle to Aries ' pursuit of the Cruiserweight Championship .
Alexa Bliss steals hometown win , becomes No . 1 contender for Women 's Championship
( Photo : © WWE )
With Charlotte now moved to Smackdown , it was time for Raw to find a new No . 1 contender for Bayley 's Raw Women 's Championship , with a Fatal Four-Way match between Alexa Bliss , Mickie James , Nia Jax and Sasha Banks taking place on Monday .
Jax , as ever , brought ferocity and incredible power to the match , with Bliss seemingly reluctant to challenge them early on in the bout outside of one slap , and Jax also had to fend off submission attempts from both Banks and James before seemingly being in position for the win .
Jax hit Banks with a Samoan Drop , but Bliss emerged from nowhere to dropkick Jax out of the ring and pin Banks , becoming the No . 1 contender in their hometown of Columbus , Ohio . They may not be interested in cheers , brushing off Ohio 's excitement as they celebrate their mischievous victory , but Bliss is set for stardom – and is now poised to challenge for Bayley 's Raw Women 's Championship .
Finn Balor wins again , whilst Bray Wyatt has their focus on Randy Orton
( Photo : © WWE )
After suffering an alleged concussion against Jinder Mahal last week , few expected to see Finn Balor on Monday 's edition of Raw – but they were the man who answered Curt Hawkins ' open challenge .
Balor claimed a swift win over Hawkins , pinning them after hitting a Coup de Grace , making it three consecutive Raw wins for 'The Demon ' , who is working their way back to full health following a lengthy injury lay-off .
Whilst Bray Wyatt offered a warning to Balor last week , their focus was elsewhere on this week 's edition of Raw , as they zeroed in on Randy Orton once again , ahead of their 'House of Horrors ' match at Payback later this month .
Wyatt , who lost their WWE World Championship to Smackdown 's Orton at Wrestlemania 33 , challenged Orton to enter their world of fear and horror – a message that Balor will also be paying close attention to , with Wyatt seemingly lining them up as their next target .
Jeff Hardy beats Cesaro in their first Raw singles match in eight years
The Hardy 's did n't defend their Raw Tag Team Championships on Raw , but Jeff Hardy did participate in their first Raw singles match in eight years , taking on Cesaro – one half of the tag team contending for the titles .
In what WWE were calling a 'dream match ' , Hardy picked up the win by landing a Swanton Bomb on Cesaro for the pin , leading to both Cesaro and Sheamus shaking hands with Jeff and Matt Hardy ahead of their match at Payback .
Seeing Jeff pick up a singles victory was not only great for the crowd , but also a positive sign that the Hardy 's can retain their titles against Cesaro and Sheamus later this month .
Matt Stafford is probably about to receive a huge raise in their next contract , but says he 's in no rush to get a deal done . ( Photo : Daniel Mears / Detroit News )
Allen Park — Football coaches have long marveled at Matthew Stafford 's photographic memory , their instant recall , and their ability to see things before they happen on the field .
But he 'll be the first to admit that fatherhood brings new challenges in that regard , particularly with those 2½-month-old girls at home . Defensive coverage disguises are one thing . Identical twins are another , it seems .
“ It was tough at first , ” laughed Stafford , who 'll celebrate their first Father 's Day as a new dad on Sunday . “ I 'm not 100 percent getting it right sometimes on pictures and stuff . But I 'm getting pretty good at ( telling them apart . ) ”
And the same is true here at work , where Stafford looks right at home running the Lions offense , beginning their second full season under coordinator Jim Bob Cooter . The two are n't just speaking the same language these days , and saying the same things . They 're also seeing the same things .
“ And I think he 's starting to mesh even more than far as thought processes , ” Cooter said last week . “ It 's ‘ Hey , I knew it was this coverage , I was thinking this … ' As I 'm walking to him , we 're having sort of the same conversation : ‘ Well , I was thinking of checking to this play ' and ‘ I was thinking of checking to this play ' and , boy , they 're really similar . Those types of things are happening more often now than they used to . ”
And while Lions fans are probably used to hearing this kind of thing at this time of year , there 's ample evidence to suggest it means something more this time around .
In 25 games with Cooter as coordinator — not including that transatlantic debut when Joe Lombardi was fired just before the Lions flew to London to face the Chiefs in October 2015 — Stafford 's numbers are hard to ignore .
He 's completing 66.5 percent of their passes ( 611-of-919 ) for 6,711 yards and 43 touchdowns against only 12 interceptions . ( He also has rushed for 315 yards and three more scores in that span . ) And while the Lions are 15-10 in those games , 10 of the wins are the result of fourth-quarter comebacks led by Stafford , who at age 29 is heading into their ninth NFL season .
“ Obviously , he 's an extremely smart guy and they are constantly finding ways to get better , ” head coach Jim Caldwell said . “ You ca n't improve in terms of their arm strength . ... But just the little things , with getting us into plays , at the line of scrimmage , how they go about manipulating the cadence , things of that nature . Almost in every area , they have been improving . And I think that 's a sign of good things to come . ”
Including a contract extension , most likely .
Cashing in
The Lions will wrap up their offseason work today with one final minicamp practice . Then they 'll take a six-week break before putting on the pads for training camp , by which time Stafford just might be the NFL 's highest-paid player .
Stafford is in no rush — “ I 've got no timetable , ” they said Wednesday — nor is they spending much time worrying about it .
“ Yeah , the only time I ever talk about it or think about it is when you guys ask me questions about it , honestly , ” they shrugged .
But while both Stafford and the Lions would like to get a deal done at some point this offseason , Stafford 's camp likely is content to wait until Oakland 's Derek Carr raises the market price with their next contract . Carr , coming off a Pro Bowl season , has said they want to have a new deal in place with the Raiders by the start of training camp in late July . If they do , it may trump the five-year , $ 123 million deal Andrew Luck signed a year ago . And whatever Carr gets , Stafford figures to get even more , both in guaranteed money and average annual value .
“ I 'm not too worried about what those guys do , ” Stafford said . “ I 'm just trying to get better out here . That 's pretty much all I can say . ”
On the line
As for what they can do , that 'll depend in part on the health of the offense around him . The shoulder injury suffered by left tackle Taylor Decker is a significant setback , without a doubt . For now , it appears last year 's developmental rookie , Joe Dahl , will get first crack at that starting job protecting Stafford 's blind side . The Lions wo n't get running back Theo Riddick ( wrist ) and left guard T.J. Lang ( hip ) back until camp , either .
But what gives everyone confidence is Stafford 's command , and that they seem so at ease with it all , empowered by Caldwell and Cooter and making good on their encouragement to take ownership of the offense . Caldwell calls it a “ quarterback-centric ” system , and the coordinator has made sure Stafford has more autonomy to implement it , much as it was in previous stops with Peyton Manning in Indianapolis and Denver .
“ We have great communication , not only in the meeting rooms but also out here on the field , ” Stafford said . “ This is a creative offense . They allow me a lot of freedom at the line of scrimmage to get in and out of plays that I think may or may not work . ”
And it 's evident even on the practice field in the middle of June , as Stafford 's acting like a short-order cook during scrimmages , barking out orders with authority . Again , this is hardly the real thing , what you see from your own defense in minicamp . But it 's a glimpse , nonetheless . And as we all saw in some of those frantic , fourth-quarter drives last fall , Stafford seems to relish this authority . Give them a more reliable running game — maybe even an explosive one , at times , with a healthy Ameer Abdullah now — and who knows what this offense might become ?
“ I think one of things about that is it allows you to be aggressive , ” Stafford said . “ You 're not playing on your heels , you 're playing on your toes . Seeing things from our defense today and checking into plays and throwing it down the field . We 're not gon na hit it every time , but , shoot , let 's get a good matchup and try and go play and see what happens .
“ And that 's kind of what you get from having a lot of experience and information . ”
And of all the things the Lions have going for them right now , that quarterback is still the most important one . The comfort that experience brings , and knowing that what you see is what you get .
john.niyo @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/JohnNiyo
Host Colleges Announced for IHSA 2018 Western Semi Finals
Press Release
The Intercollegiate Horse Shows Association ( IHSA ) announced the locations for the for their Western Semi-Finals competitions , the definitive step for Western riders and teams to qualify for Nationals . IHSA riders compete in a range of levels in Western horsemanship and in the open level in both horsemanship and reining .
Black Hawk College in Zone 7 , Region 4 will host one Semi-Final at the East campus in Galva , Illinois . Black Hawk College was the reserve national champion team at the 2017 IHSA Nationals held at the Kentucky Horse Park in Lexington , Kentucky . The event will be the second Semi-Finals held at the Black Hawk College facility . Click here to learn more about the IHSA Black Hawk Western Equestrian Team .
Alfred University in Alfred , New York in IHSA 's Zone 2 , Region 1 , will hold Western Semi-Finals for the first time in Hamburg , New York . In 2017 , two members of the Alfred University Western equestrian team placed in the top 10 of their respective divisions at Nationals . Learn more about Alfred University 's IHSA Western Equestrian team here .
The third Semi-Finals presenter is West Virginia University ( WVU ) in Zone 2 , Region 5 and home of the 2017 Regional . The event will be held at the University 's facility in Reedsville , West Virginia . It will also be their first-time to host Semi-Finals . The WVU team earned the 2017 reserve Regional championship and the 2016 Regional championship . Click here to learn more about the WVU IHSA Western Equestrian Team
Eight regions will be represented at each Semi-Final . The top-two individual Western riders from each region 's championship show and the high-point team from each region will compete at the Semi-Finals .
From each of the three Semi-Finals , the top four riders in each individual division , plus the top three teams overall will advance to the IHSA National Championship show to be held at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex in Harrisburg May 3-6 .
Click here for the regional team distribution and more information about the Western Semi-Finals events .
SQUAMISH , B.C.—Searchers are using an underwater camera to scour one of the pools of a majestic waterfall north of Vancouver , in hopes of determining its depth or spotting any sign of three missing people . Squamish Search and Rescue spokesperson John Willcox says a young woman was swept into one of the pools at about noon Tuesday and their boyfriend and another man tried to save them but were also swept away .
RCMP Corp. Sascha Banks described the terrain as “ difficult , very dangerous , and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search. ” ( Lopez , Jeanylyn / Google Maps )
Squamish RCMP had said the three were swimming in one of the icy pools that form part of Shannon Falls , a 335-metre waterfall about 60 kilometres north of Vancouver . Speaking at a news conference Tuesday evening , Willcox said the camera was being used to check a specific pool after friends of the victims reported seeing them swept over the lip of one pool toward a second about 30 metres below . RCMP Corp. Sascha Banks described the terrain as “ difficult , very dangerous , and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search . ”
Article Continued Below
The three have been identified and their families are being informed but Banks says their names have not yet been released .
Read more about :
A hacker collective claiming to be affiliated with Anonymous has evidently taken control of white-nationalist hate website the Daily Stormer — and the group says it 's going to shut down the site within 24 hours .
The hacker or hackers behind the Daily Stormer hijacking said they took over the site because it posted a vicious and defamatory article about Heather Heyer , the 32-year-old woman who was murdered at the white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Va. , on Saturday .
“ WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM , ” a message posted on the Daily Stormer early Tuesday morning said .
The commandeering of Daily Stormer — the neo-Nazi site whose slogan is “ The World 's Most Genocidal Republican Website ” — came just a few hours after the website 's domain-name provider , GoDaddy , said it would terminate its service because of the Heyer post .
Heyer died after they were struck by a car driven by white nationalist James Alex Fields Jr. , who was arrested Saturday and charged with second-degree murder and other criminal counts . The Daily Stormer on Sunday published a post titled “ Heather Heyer : Woman Killed in Road Rage Incident was a Fat , Childless 32-Year-Old Slut . ”
The Daily Stormer , launched in 2014 , has enthusiastically supported Donald Trump as a candidate and as U.S. president . After Trump 's statement about the violence in Charlottesville in which they said “ we condemn… this egregious display of hatred , bigotry , and violence that 's on many sides , ” the Daily Stormer praised Trump for not explicitly denouncing white nationalists .
The Anonymous group operates as a decentralized network of hackers , who have taken credit for attacks on multiple corporate and government-affiliated sites over the past decade . The group uses Guy Fawkes masks ( pictured above ) as its visual calling card , in the style of the “ V for Vendetta ” graphic novel and 2005 Warner Bros. film .
Here 's the full text posted by the hacking group on the Daily Stormer website :
END OF HATE : ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER
# TANGODOWN
THIS SITE IS NOW UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS
WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM
FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE
THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE
WE HAVE ALL OF THE DETAILS ON THE SERVERS AND WILL BE RELEASING THE DATA WHEN WE FEEL THE TIME IS RIGHT
WE HAVE ALSO GATHERED LOCATIONAL DATA ON ANGLIN HIMSELF AND ARE SENDING OUR ALLIES IN LAGOS TO PAY HIM A VISIT IN PERSON
THIS EVIL CAN NOT BE ALLOWED TO STAND
IT TOOK A UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS FROM AROUND THE WORLD TO BREACH THE SYSTEMS AND THE FIREWALL
WE HAVE HAD THE DAILY STORMER IN OUR SITES FOR MONTHS NOW
THE EVENTS OF CHARLOTTESVILLE ALERTED US TO THE NEED FOR IMMEDIATE ACTION
WE WANT YOU NAZIS TO KNOW : YOUR TIME IS SHORT
WE WILL ALLOW THE SITE TO REMAIN ONLINE FOR 24 HOURS SO THE WORLD CAN WITNESS THE HATE
THEN WE WILL SHUT IT DOWN
PERMANENTLY
HACKERS OF THE WORLD HAVE UNITED IN DEFENSE OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE
YOU SHOULD HAVE EXPECTED US
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker , however Playback journalism takes time and funding ...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you .
Please , whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser .
Turkey 's Afrin Operation is Much More Than an Embarrassment for the US Author : Salman Rafi Sheikh – Journal-NEO
Turkey 's latest military operation , Oliver Branch , is much more than just an embarrassment for the US ; it marks a humiliating defeat for the US in the Middle East 's biggest war in the contemporary period –and potentially an end to the US supremacy in the region as well . If ‘ enemy of my enemy is my friend ' is true in international relations , its exact opposite ‘ ally of my ally is not my ally ' seems equally true when it comes to defining the US , Turkey , Kurd triangle . During the course of Syrian war , the US clearly chose the Kurds as its ally , its main ground forces . This choice , however , could n't have come but at the expense of alienating the second biggest NATO military power , Turkey . However , this extension of US support to Kurds did n't immediately lead to a breach in the US-Turkey bi-lateral relations . Until 2015 , the US-Turkey continued to act very much as allies . But this alliance was n't without significant tension running just under the surface . Turkey was always weary of the US support for Kurds ; and to counteract it , it initially supported ISIS and then started to arm its own proxies to secure its interests in Syria , gradually pitting it against NATO and the US . The crisis of bi-lateral relations unfolded clearly when a coup was attempted in Turkey and the latter went on to blame the US for it . While this ‘ game of accusations ' caused a massive breach in bi-lateral relations , it does n't in itself explain what actually enabled Turkey to take on militarily the allies ( Kurds ) of its NATO ally ( the US ) .
Turkey has new & powerful allies
While still a NATO ally , Turkey 's foreign policy and regional orientation has changed dramatically during the course of war in Syria . On the one hand , if China and Qatar have become its major foreign investors , Iran and Russia have turned out to be Turley 's major strategic allies on the other . This explains why , despite killing hundreds of US allied fighters in the last week or so , Washington has been unable to give a befitting response to Turkey . All it has done and said is nothing but few words of ‘ concern and caution . ' Is the US merely constrained by Turkey 's NATO status ? Well , this did n't presumably prevent them from hatching a conspiracy against Erdoğan by supporting a coup and by refusing to hand over Fethullah Gulen . So what has changed now ?
Despite the Turkish attack on the US allies in Syria , Turkey 's markets and stock exchanges have n't suffered a crash . The US has been unable to inflict economic punishment on Turkey for this open defiance . There is one highly significant reason for this market stability , and that is Turkey has reduced its dependence upon Europe and the US and has found new sources of money in Qatar and China , and new sources of weapons and defence systems in China and Russia .
Consider this : Qatar is already the largest foreign investor in Turkey with more than $ 20 billion in commitments and with another $ 19 billion in the pipeline for 2018 . And , on the other hand , Turkey has become the guarantor of Qatar 's security , and has established a new military base in the tiny Arab country . The last two developments came after Turkey backed Qatar during last year 's Gulf States ' boycott and even airlifted food after Saudi Arabia closed its border on Qatar .
And while China 's investment in Turkey is relatively small compared to that of Qatar , there is little doubt in that Turkey will be a key territorial unit in China 's Belt & Road Initiative ( BRI ) . Already China is in the middle of establishing territorial and train links with Turkey via Iran , another key country in China 's BRI . While in eastern Iran China is modernizing the country 's railway networks , in western Iran railroad crews are working to link Tehran to Turkey and eventually to Europe .
And China is already making big investments in Turkey 's telecommunication sector . For instance , On December 5 , 2017 , ZTE , China 's largest-listed telecommunications equipment and network solutions provider , agreed to take over 48.04 percent of Turkish systems integration provider Netas for $ 101.3 million as part of its goal of expanding its operations across key markets covered by Beijing 's “ One Belt , One Road ” initiative .
And there is hardly any doubt to the broader understanding reached between Ankara and Moscow on the Syrian end-game . Without this understanding , Turkey could n't possibly have used Syrian airspace . And now , with Turkey now speedily cornering its primary adversaries in Syria , there will eventually remain little to no use of Turkey-supported Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) —something that will then allow Russia , Iran and Syria a major leeway out of the Syrian quagmire . Turkish operation , therefore , is likely to yield two major benefits : it will significantly damage the US ability to influence ground situation in Syria , and it will conversely strengthen Russian position as well . By now , it is quite obvious that Syrian warning to shoot down Turkish jets attacking Afrin was a hollow .
Interestingly enough , Russia , too , did n't object to Turkish operation . Russian foreign minister , when asked about this understanding , instead chose to blame the US for its support of Kurds saying that “ Unilateral actions by the United States in Syria infuriated Turkey , ” And after Turkey launched its operations , Russia relocated its forces in Afrin to a safer area , leading angry YPG commanders to accuse Moscow now of ‘ betrayal . '
What comes after Afrin ?
And the US-Turkey estrangement is likely to increase more as Turkey is eyeing Manjib , where the US has established its military base and has ground forces , to include in its ‘ safe-zone . ' And the Pentagon has already warned that they will defend Manjib if they 're attacked .
Afrin is thus only a lead up to Manjib , and it is in Manjib , lying to the east of the Euphrates , where Turkey 's real threat lies . Victory in Afrin in itself will not prove enough ; it is only a tactical move towards the eventual strategic goal of driving Kurds beyond the Euphrates . Will then the US come face to face Turkey ? Will Turkey still show the same boldness it has demonstrated in Afrin ? A lot will depend upon how Turkey 's strategic continuum works out with Russia and Iran . But Manjib will equally be a test of the US strategy . Unlike Afrin , which is a pre-dominantly Kurdish ; Manjib is ethnically diverse and will put the US under a lot of pressure , and might turn out to be the last concerted push to drive the US of the chessboard .
Salman Rafi Sheikh , research-analyst of International Relations and Pakistan 's foreign and domestic affairs , exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ” .
Sharing is caring !
I want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in Andy 's office - that there 's no way they get elected - but I 'm afraid we ca n't take that risk . It 's like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before you 're 40 .
It 's illegal to spy on Americans without proper warrant from an entity like the FISA Court . More and more evidence is being uncovered that suggests the Obama Administration not only spied on citizen and Presidential candidate Donald Trump but did so before obtaining their bogus warrant through the FISA Court to do so.This past fall text messages were uncovered between corrupt lovers , FBI agent Peter Strzok , former Chief of the Counterespionage Section during the FBI 's investigation into Hillary Clinton 's use of a personal email use and former lead FBI investigator on Mueller 's fake Russia scandal , and their mistress , Lisa Page , the former FBI top attorney who was also on the Mueller team . In one text the dishonest lover Strzok wrote -Although the Wall Street Journal reported that the 'insurance policy ' was related to the Russia collusion farce , others hint that it may be more sinister than even that.Conservative commentator , author and former Secret Service Agent , Dan Bongino , have asked what reason was there to spy on President Trump in the first place ? It now is beginning to look like the corrupt Obama Administration and its 'deep state'FBI , DOJ and NSA were all spying on President Trump long before a warrant in court was ever issued.Was the 'insurance policy ' obtaining a warrant to spy on President Trump in case they won the election ? Was this obtained so that the crooks could claim that they had proper legal justification to do so ? Also , what is so damning that these crooks would go through such extreme measures to attempt to unseat the President from their election win ? It must be really , really bad ! Finally , why did the Judge appoint by Obama to the FISA Court who was also involved in the case against General Flynn later recuse themselves from the Flynn case ?
President Donald Trump ( Photo : Susan Walsh / AP )
Washington — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice , it has been reported .
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey . Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “ because of the Russia investigation . ”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation .
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who were n't involved in Trump 's campaign : Dan Coats , the director of national intelligence ; Michael Rogers , the head of the National Security Agency ; and Richard Ledgett , the former NSA deputy director .
Mark Corallo , a spokesperson for Trump 's personal lawyer , responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying : “ The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous , inexcusable and illegal . ”
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators . It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information . The New York Times also reported the story .
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations do n't conflict .
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “ look forward to future engagements ” with Robert Mueller .
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr , R-N.C. , and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia , the panel 's top Democrat , did n't provide any other details regarding the meeting . An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations , including ways that the parallel inquiries do n't interfere with or overlap one another . The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private .
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller 's independence , and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who appointed Mueller last month , testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller .
Also Wednesday , Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “ any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations . ”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the panel 's top Democrat . Grassley 's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey 's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired .
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey 's testimony that Loretta Lynch , as President Barack Obama 's attorney general , had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton 's email practices as merely a “ matter ” and to avoid calling it an investigation .
“ You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts , circumstances , and rationale for Mr. Comey 's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative , bipartisan basis , ” according to the letter .
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate , but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate . Grassley said Comey 's dismissal and Comey 's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together , noting that Comey “ took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration 's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey 's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation . ”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2tpsQwY
Brett Favre said they kept their message to Philadelphia Eagles players `` lighthearted and fun '' when they addressed them Saturday on the eve of Super Bowl LII .
But they also got serious when they spoke of what it will take to beat NFL MVP Tom Brady , coach Bill Belichick and the New England Patriots come Sunday night .
`` We know the Patriots . They 're a tremendous team . Their quarterback is the greatest to ever play . Bill Belichick is the greatest coach to ever coach . You know what they 're about , '' Favre told NBC Sports Philadelphia of their speech . `` They 're going to play the whole game . Do n't ever say -- kinda like last year , 'We have it won and we 're going to go to the drive-thru . ' That 's not a good idea . ''
Favre , of course , was referencing Super Bowl LI , when the Atlanta Falcons built a 28-3 lead against the Patriots only to lose in overtime 34-28 .
Eagles coach Doug Pederson had said earlier this week that Favre would meet with their players at the team hotel on Saturday morning . Pederson was a member of the 1996 Green Bay Packers team that defeated New England in Super Bowl XXXI . The coach raised some eyebrows this summer by saying this current Eagles team had as much talent -- if not more -- than that Packers squad , which boasted Hall of Famers such as Favre and Reggie White .
`` Doug and I go way back . Dear friends , hunting buddies , golfing buddies ; we were teammates for almost 10 years , '' Favre said . `` My success as an NFL player is in part because of our connection and friendship . They were kind of like my second eyes , and I trusted them tremendously . So when Doug asked me , I sorta laughed . But when I realized they were serious , I was honored . And like I told the guys today , I said , 'Look , I 'm not gon na tell you anything you do n't know , you have n't already heard .
`` I congratulated them on the year they 've had ; it 's a wonderful year . And just encouraged them to enjoy the moment . You think you 're always going to come back after you 've gotten a chance to go , but it 's such an honor to play in the Super Bowl . And to just embrace that . And I said to them , 'This is probably something I should have told you two weeks ago , but this is the longest two weeks of your life , and this is going to be the longest 24 hours-plus of your life . The game , at this point , can not get here quick enough . But it 's going to slow down even more . ''
Information from ESPN 's Tim McManus was used in this report .
2017 Ford GT in the wind tunnel Enlarge Photo
Ford has announced a $ 200 million investment in a new wind tunnel complex . Construction of the facility will begin later this year . The goal is to improve the aerodynamics of the brand 's road and race car , s for speed in the case of race cars and for both fuel economy performance for street cars .
The complex will have a new rolling road aerodynamic tunnel , an environmental simulation facility with airflow up to 200 mph , and a climate chamber that can reach as high as 140 degrees Fahrenheit and as low as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit .
Two types of conveyer systems will be used to replicate real-world drag . A five-belt conveyor system will be used to test fuel efficiency . Each wheel will sit on its own belt and a larger fifth belt will run under the center of the vehicle . Airflow in this tunnel will reach as high as 155 mph .
ALSO SEE : Ford details how it winds tunnel tested its new GT
Ford will employ a crane to move vehicles from one belt system to the other .
That other system will use one large belt and offer wind speeds up to 200 mph . This system is clearly for race cars and high-end performance models like the Ford GT .
CHECK OUT : Ford GT passes the Water and Splash Test
Ford says it will `` super size '' the chambers to allow vehicles as large as the F-350 pickup to fit in them .
The location of the complex will be on 13 acres next to the current Driveability Test Facility in Allen Park , Michigan .
The Driveability Test Facility performs these same functions . It was constructed in 2000 , and has six wind tunnels and 112,000 square feet of space . It can get as cold as the new facility , but it can only reach up to 131 degrees during heat testing . It is not clear if the new facility will work in tandem with or replace this one .
SK Power Ranking : Top 10 EPL attackers - Gameweek 19
We take a look at the top 10 attackers in the Premier League at the halfway mark on completion of Gameweek 19 .
@ Sakethscribbles by Saketh Ayyagari Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017 , 12:10 IST
Olivier Giroud ( centre ) scored an outrageous scorpion kick against Crystal Palace .
Welcome to the Sportskeeda Power Ranking of attackers in the Premier League . The ranking is done after every gameweek on a cumulative basis to find out the final top 10 come May . The main criteria for ranking the players is their contribution to goals , either by scoring them or creating them , as this is a ranking for attackers .
When players have a similar number of goals and assists , the importance of the goal/assist , the consistency in performances and the minutes per goal/assist is considered to rank them .
So , a player scoring/assisting in three consecutive games will have a higher ranking than a player picking the same number of goals/assists in one game and drawing blanks in the rest . Similarly , a player scoring winning goals , having better minutes per goal/assist will occupy a higher position .
The power rankings further act as a good guide for players of Fantasy Premier League ( FPL ) because the list consists of the most consistent players , which in turn implies they fetch the highest points .
Firstly , the previous gameweek 's poll on the best attacker for gameweek 18 was won once again by Zlatan Ibrahimovic by a landslide 77 % of the votes . Their terrific performance of one goal and two assists against Sunderland sealed the deal .
Now , coming to gameweek 19 , the busy festive fixtures continue as we approach the half-way mark of this season . Alexis Sanchez 's reign at the top was ended by Zlatan last week . So , it has to be seen whether there has been another change at the top . Further , there have been a number of impressive performances causing quite a shift in the hierarchy this gameweek .
Let us first take a look at the watch-list for this week .
Watch-list
Willian
Gameweek 18 ranking – N/A
The Brazilian makes the watch-list for the first time with a fine brace for Chelsea against Stoke , putting the Blues ahead twice . The first goal was well-taken from Eden Hazard 's lay-off and the second one was a thumping finish into the roof of the net .
Mesut Ozil
Gameweek 18 ranking – 10th
The Arsenal creator-in-chief missed their side 's home clash against Crystal Palace due to an illness and this sees them drop out of the top ten into the watch-list .
David Silva
Gameweek 18 ranking – 9th
Silva was Manchester City 's lone shining light in their loss to Liverpool . However , they failed to make any notable contribution and drops out of the top ten .
Divock Origi
Gameweek 18 ranking – 6th
The 21-year old Belgian was dropped to the bench in a tactical move by Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp . They came on as a substitute in the second-half and did well for Liverpool to hold on to the lead but a lack of definitive impact moves them out of the top ten .
Now , let 's find out the top 10 attackers in the PL after this gameweek .
# 10 Andre Gray
Andre Gray scored the first ever hat-trick for Burnley in the Premier League .
Gameweek 18 ranking – N/A
Match performance – a record hat-trick and the match ball
Andre Gray scored the first ever hat-trick for Burnley in the Premier League and in the process made their way into the power rankings for the first time . The Burnley no.7 latched onto a mishit John O'Shea header to run away and score their first goal . For their second , they showed good composure to brush aside Papy Djilobodji , who impeded them and raced past the keeper to coolly slot home for the second .
Gray then completed the hat-trick when Ashley Barnes set them up and entered Burnley 's record books in the process . Their terrific performance allows for the entry into the power rankings and they need to maintain consistency if they need to have a longer stay .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : Pakistan National Council of the Arts ( PNCA ) will organize ‘ Mehfil-e-Milad ' ( PBUH ) for women on December 13 in connection with Holy Month of Rabi-ul-Awwal , 1439 .
Women from different walks of life will participate in the event . Prominent Na'at Khawans and religious scholars will recite Na'ats and Holy Qur'an to pay respect to the Holy Prophet ( Peace Be Upon Him ) and highlight their teachings of peace , love and brotherhood .
The participants will also pray for peace and prosperity of the country .
From the WWE Rumor Mill : Carmella to cash in their contract at SummerSlam
You better watch out , Naomi !
by Riju Dasgupta News 14 Aug 2017 , 12:17 IST
Are we looking at the next SmackDown Live Women 's Champion in the picture ? Not you , Ellsworth .
What 's the story ?
According to the Rumour Roundup section of Cageside Seats , Carmella may be cashing in their Money in the Bank contract at SummerSlam , post the match between Naomi and Natalya .
In case you did n't know ...
Carmella won their Money in the Bank contract in controversial fashion , after James Ellsworth climbed the ladder and handed them the briefcase . They were stripped of the briefcase on the following episode of SmackDown Live , by General Manager , Daniel Bryan .
Yet another match took place the week after , where Carmella climbed the ladder and officially won the Miss Money in the Bank contract . Now rumours have been circulating that they may cash it in during the SmackDown Live Women 's Championship match at SummerSlam .
The heart of the matter
The latest rumour is that `` The Princess of Staten Island '' will cash in their Money in the Bank suitcase at the PPV . This would make sense , because Natalya vs. Naomi is a match that really has n't had any real heat or build up .
Could we see Carmella coming out as the SmackDown Live Women 's Champion after SummerSlam in Brooklyn ?
What 's next ?
With only one episode of SmackDown Live remaining before SummerSlam , we have to look for signs of a tease that indicate what 's on Carmella 's mind . We also hope for a better build with regard to Naomi and Natalya heading into their big match .
Author 's take
Honestly , a cash-in would save the match at hand . Nobody cares about the Naomi-Natalya match yet , not because the women are n't talented , but because of the lack of a storyline .
We sincerely hope that Carmella does cash in and in doing so , does make it a memorable moment for the women of SmackDown Live on such a grand stage . It would create interest in the division and create a storyline for the months to come . Otherwise , this would become just another match really .
McCaslin described Bowie as a warm person as well as a talented artist , saying the rocker at one point during their sessions emailed to say , “ I have n't had this much fun since my heart attack . ”
WinZip is the best-known software for creating and opening compressed file archives , but it 's not cheap and there are many superb free alternatives worth investigating before you open your wallet .
Windows ( from XP onwards ) has a built-in compression tool , accessed by right-clicking one or more folders/files , and selecting 'Send to > Compressed ( zipped ) folder ' . This is fine for very occasional use , but is very limited . It can only read and create ZIP files ( there are dozens of other formats ) , it does n't let you create multiple volumes of a particular size , ca n't repair damaged archives , and does n't support encryption . In fact , if you use it to compress an encrypted file , it will be decrypted when extracted .
It 's therefore a good idea to have a different WinZip alternative on hand for compressing and opening file archives , and we 've picked out the best . Have we missed your preferred tool ? Let us know in the comments below .
Is WinZip free ? No , there 's no free version of WinZip . You can download a 30-day free trial , but a standard license costs £31.14 , US $ 35.94 , AU $ 47.94 .
The best free WinZip alternative – no frills and no strings attached
Requires few system resources
High-compression 7z format
No archive repair tool
7-Zip is open source , meaning it 's completely free , even for commercial use . It 's only 1MB in size , and can pack and unpack just about any compressed file archive you can throw at it .
7-Zip is n't the most attractive WinZip alternative around , but it 's so well designed that you wo n't miss the slick interfaces of its paid-for equivalents . You can locate files to be archived using a simple Windows Explorer-style file tree , or drag and drop them into the main window .
Its own 7z format is designed for high compression , and is supported by almost all file archiving tools – both paid-for and free – making it an ideal choice for sharing . 7-Zip can also create self-extracting 7z archives .
You can apply password protection to packaged archives and split them into volumes , which is handy for sharing particularly large archives . The only key feature it 's missing is the ability to repair damaged archives - other than that , it 's a truly exceptional program .
Less streamlined than 7-Zip , but with more security features
Advanced security options
Archive repair tool
No batch compression
PeaZip is another open source WinZip alternative , but with a few more features in a considerably larger package ( around 10MB compared to 7-Zip 's 1MB ) .
PeaZip 's standard installation will make file associations and add context menu options automatically , which you might not want if you 're trying it for the first time . Select 'Custom ' if you want to make your own choices .
PeaZip is compatible with pretty much every compressed file format there is . PEA , its own format , prioritizes security over compression , with optional integrity check and authenticated encryption . Unlike 7-Zip , it can repair damaged archives .
Its handy extra features include the ability to convert archive formats and test archives for errors . It ca n't batch compress or watermark images as some of the other tools here can , but can rotate and crop them for you .
A free WinZip alternative that 's optimized for touchscreens
Easy to navigate
Touch-friendly interface
Archive repair tool
Fewer advanced options than 7-Zip
Many free Winzip alternatives hide their best features behind a complex system of menus . Ashampoo Zip Free is a rare exception , with a clear interface and an optional touch mode with larger , tap-friendly icons .
Many of the options shown on the main splash screen are links to paid applications like dedicated encryption and decryption tools , but do n't let this put you off ; all the essentials that you 'll find in other free file compression software are present and correct , including archive creation , extraction , repair , and multi-volume ZIP writing .
Interestingly , Ashampoo Zip Free also gives previews of files before you extract an archive . This can be very useful , but it happens automatically so do n't be alarmed if a music file begins playing on mouseover .
Ashampoo Zip Free does n't offer an overwhelming number of options , and each of its features is clearly presented and explained . Advanced users may prefer the more fine-grained customization provided by tools like 7-Zip , but for the average user this is an excellent choice .
An excellent free WinZip alternative is simplicity is your priority
Built-in virus scanner
Well designed interface
No repair tool
Zipware looks as good as any premium file compression software , and is wonderfully simple to use . Simply choose 'New ' or 'Open ' , choose your source file or archive , tweak a few optional settings and you 're done .
Zipware 's standout feature is integrated virus-scanning : if an archive is under 32GB , you can check it for threats with VirusTotal . This is unlikely to be of interest to power users , but is a helpful addition for anyone who 's unsure about extracting downloaded archives ( or who knows someone with a tendency to accidentally open such things ) .
Zipware is free to use , but if you decide to stick with it , the website invites you to make a donation to support its development – a reasonable request if you can afford it .
A well designed WinZip alternative , but with some limitations
Intuitive design
Only creates 7z and ZIP files
Some screens in Russian
Hamster Zip Archiver is another free alternative to WinZip that 's as well designed as many paid-for applications . Navigation is straightforward , with intuitive touches like a simple slider for adjusting the level of compression and the ability to upload archives to cloud services .
However , this simplicity comes at a price . Hamster Zip Archiver offers far fewer options when creating archives , and although it can open a wide range of compressed file formats , it can only create ZIP and 7z files .
There is one drawback to watch out for : Hamster Zip Archiver 's main installer is in English , but if you choose to update the software manually you may find yourself presented with a few options in the developer 's native Russian . Take care not to accidentally agree to install any additional extra software or browser plugins that you do n't want .
Floating Bar feature in LG Electronics ' new V30 ( LG Electronics )
Say “ Good Day ” and your phone will automatically be unlocked . This will be one of the features of LG Electronics ' upcoming flagship smartphone V30 , which will also offer an intuitive user experience and a professional camera mode.With less than three weeks to go before LG debuts its new V30 in Berlin , the Korean tech giant has disclosed some of its new features.LG said Monday that its V30 will allow users to unlock the device via voice commands using keywords , for instance “ Good Day , ” without the need to press a button or swipe the screen.The customized keywords will make the device much safer and set itself apart from its rivals , the firm said . Samsung 's Galaxy , Apple 's iPhone and other Android-based smartphones only respond to “ Hi Bixby , ” “ Hey Siri ” and “ Ok Google , ” respectively.Furthermore , the V30 's upgraded facial recognition will make it easier to unlock the device by just lifting the phone up to a user 's face compared to phones made by rivals , LG said . Galaxy S8 users must press a power button first before lifting the phone up.The V30 's organic light-emitting diode display with 18:9 aspect ratio will offer an upgraded Floating Bar and Always-on Display features , according to the tech firm . Its semi-transparent Floating Bar allows quick access to frequently used functions and can be dragged completely off the display when not needed . The Always-on Display also allows a user to control music , Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , the camera and flashlight when powered off.Its camera mode will be upgraded to give any shutterbug professional quality photography capabilities . With its new Graphy feature , users can choose from a variety of professional shots from the Graphy website , which LG will create together with professional photographers. “ We will provide both convenience and professionalism by allowing everyone to enjoy V30 's high-performance multimedia functions , ” said Cho Jun-ho , president of LG 's mobile communication division.LG will unveil its flagship smartphone V30 during the electronics show IFA in Germany on Aug. 31 . The new device will reportedly be launched on Sept. 15 , the same day its local rival Samsung Electronics will be releasing its Galaxy Note 8.By Shin Ji-hye ( shinjh @ heraldcorp.com )
On Monday , the British Royal Family welcomed another baby to the monarchy and it 's all anyone can talk about . For example , while recently chatting with POPSUGAR ( via Marie Claire ) , Serena Williams commented on Kate Middleton and royal baby # 3 . The 23-time grand slam titleholder in tennis is seriously impressed with Middleton and their ability to throw on a pair of heels after giving birth .
`` I was really busy , but I saw the baby , and Kate was dressed , and I was like , 'Oh , maybe they had them a couple days ago , ' '' Williams told the outlet about seeing Middleton outside of the hospital for the first time since giving birth to their third child and looking fabulous in the process . Williams continued , `` That 's one heck of a woman ! Let me tell you : I was not in heels [ after I gave birth ] . I thought they gave birth maybe two days before ! Wow . ''
The 36-year-old royal family member is known for their flawless appearance after welcoming their children . Every time she 's exited the Lindo Wing at St. Mary 's Hospital in London , Middleton 's stepped out wearing a cute dress and heels or wedges . Plus , their hair is always on point and their makeup is gorgeous . After each royal birth , the family ( including Prince Charles and Princess Diana ) takes the opportunity to introduce their child to the world with a photo op .
When it comes to Middleton , it amazes people how they can look so perfect after giving birth to a human being only a few hours earlier . While some might find the expected photoshoot problematic , others see Middleton as a hero for getting out of bed and sucking up whatever they may be feeling to give the people what they want and stick with tradition .
If you think about it , these expectations of Middleton are a lot , but as a member of the royal family , they probably have to do it . Unlike with Princess Charlotte and royal baby # 3 , Middleton waited until the next day to show off Prince George , so there is some flexibility there when they need it . And just because she 's outside taking photos for a few minutes does n't mean Middleton does n't immediately go home to rest , relax , and ensure their body is healing — without heels and their hair and makeup done . However you may feel about Middleton 's post-partum appearances , there 's no denying they are `` one heck of a woman '' , like Williams has dubbed them
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Like Middleton , Williams is also `` one heck of a woman '' . They may have not worn heels only a few hours after giving birth to their daughter , Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr. , but the tennis champ did win the 2017 Australian Open — while pregnant . The way the seven-time Wimbledon winner normalized pregnancy in relation to what women can accomplish was applauded by many . They showed pregnancy does n't and should n't restrict women from achieving their goals .
Williams is n't known as the `` GOAT '' for nothing . The 36-year-old tennis player will go down in history as one of the most talented and awarded athletes . Them husband , Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian , knows just how fabulous Williams is . In February , Ohanian surprised Williams with four billboards calling them the `` GMOAT '' , aka the Greatest Mother of All Time . This was their way of welcoming them back to tennis after giving birth to their daughter .
It 's no surprise Williams is championing Middleton . She 's been doing it for awhile . Believe it or not , but they actually know each other — kind of . In July 2016 , Middleton showed up on Williams ' Snapchat at Wimbledon . After meeting the royal , Williams gushed to People in November 2016 about their interaction and said , `` She was super sweet , super level , so beautiful — they were really nice . ''
Maybe one day Williams and Middleton will get in touch and share tips about motherhood . It 's definitely possible and not just because they 've met before . Did you know Williams is friends with Meghan Markle ? There 's always the chance Middleton and Williams will cross paths again . Who knows , but there 's no doubt Williams and Middleton have a lot in common as powerful , fierce , and inspiring women .
3 Shot , Including 2 Police Officers , In Dallas
Updated at 8:01 p.m . ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas , police said .
The shooter has not been captured , reported TV station WFAA . Police were searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot where the shooting happened , according to the Dallas Morning News .
A civilian was also shot . Police said the person 's condition was unknown .
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard `` responding to an incident '' at the Home Depot , WFAA said . The TV station described both officers as `` rookies in their 20s '' and said one of them was shot in the back of the head .
A nearby stop on the regional DART train briefly closed because of police activity .
City officials , including Mayor Mike Rawlings , offered good wishes to the officers Tuesday evening .
This is a breaking news story . This post will be updated .
The situation : snow has covered large parts of our region and you have to work on Monday . So what are your rights around snow days ?
Here we sum up what you can and ca n't do legally speak if it snows or your child 's school is closed due to snow , according to government website gov.uk
Met Office weather warnings in force today
Taking paid holiday
If there 's travel disruption , employers can ask staff to take paid holiday ( annual leave ) if they give the correct notice . This must be at least double the length of time they want employees to take in annual leave . So for 1 day 's annual leave it would be 2 days notice . The employment contract may set down a different notice period and if so , this will usually apply .
Working flexibly
Employers may ask flexible workers to work from home or make up time later . Unless the employment contract says so , employers ca n't insist on this .
If the workplace is closed
If the workplace is closed because of disruption and the employee does n't usually work from home , employers ca n't usually deduct pay . Employers might be able to ask staff to go to another workplace or work from home .
Time off to look after children
If an employee 's child 's school is closed or their normal childcare arrangements are disrupted , they could have the right for time off to look after them . This should be agreed between the employee and the employer .
Winter weather - travel disruption
Employees are not automatically entitled to pay if they 're unable to get to work because of bad weather . Guidance is available from the Advisory , Conciliation and Arbitration Service ( Acas ) about winter weather - travel disruption .
RELATED : 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow driving this weekend
In this July 3 , 2018 , image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page , a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai , northern Thailand .
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday , nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand .
The boys , ages 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach , have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand 's Chiang Rai province for 12 days . They disappeared when they went exploring after a soccer game June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday .
But risky conditions including volatile water levels , challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them .
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape , which rescue experts say could be extremely dangerous , especially for people with no experience with scuba gear .
Thai media reported the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water .
`` The water is very strong and space is narrow . Extracting the children takes a lot of people , '' Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday . `` Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive , '' they said .
They added if the high water levels fell , the team would be taken out quickly .
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them , as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls .
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water .
More : Thai cave : Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who ca n't swim
More : An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn , the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation , said Wednesday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time . If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 % , they can come out . ''
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys , such as locating alternative routes into the cave 's network of narrow passageways .
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede . However , that approach could take months , as Thailand 's monsoon season usually lasts through October .
It 's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change . The boys are taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave 's main entrance , and about half a mile below the surface .
Still , the boys and their coach reported they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page .
The SEALs , including medics , are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks .
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave . While the boys are visibly thin , they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera .
In the video , as a light is shone on each boy 's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as `` wai . ''
A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams . One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow .
At one point in the video , the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team . Experts have said that looking after the boys ' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan .
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children .
`` It 's like they have been given a new life , '' Kian Kamluang , whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave , told the Associated Press . They said she 'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again .
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days , according to Guinness World Records . In that incident , all 33 Chilean miners — known as the `` 33 of San Jose '' — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo , Chile , in August 2010 . The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake .
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai , Thailand , July 1 , 2018 . Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance . U.S . Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team , aged between 11 to 16 , and their their 25-year-old coach . 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai , Thailand , July 1 , 2018 . Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance . U.S . Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team , aged between 11 to 16 , and their their 25-year-old coach . 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Residents of a west Markham neighbourhood want a towering cow sculpture installed by the city to just mooove on . Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Will Charity have to mooove ? Or be forced off their stilts onto greener pastures ? Those are some of the questions Markham councillors are grappling with ahead of a September committee meeting where residents and councillors will have a chance to air their beefs about a controversial cow statue installed last month . At a special council meeting last week , residents showed up to pressure councillors to address ongoing concerns and support for the 8-metre high sculpture that was erected in the middle of a small park on Charity Cres. , in the quiet subdivision of Cathedraltown . Council voted to place the item for discussion on the agenda of the development services committee meeting on Sept. 25 “ It 's not going away . It is something we have to address , ” said regional councillor Nirmala Armstrong , who put forward the motion at the Thursday meeting .
Article Continued Below
The motion also calls for a delegation of councillors , including Armstrong and local councillor Alan Ho to meet with developer Helen Roman-Barber , who donated the sculpture , prior to the meeting . Armstrong said their aim is to explore what options are available . The stainless steel sculpture depicts Charity , a beloved show cow partly owned by Stephen Roman , who owned Romandale Farms , the land on which Cathedraltown and Cathedral of the Transfiguration now sit . Their daughter , Roman-Barber , donated the statute to the city to honour their father 's investment in the world-famous cow . Initially , residents were told that the cow had grazed on the lands of Romandale Farm , and for that reason , the statute should be placed in that location .
A plaque near the statue also claimed this to be true : “ The city of Markham is pleased to announce the installation of a statue , Brookview Tony Charity , to commemorate an internationally award-winning Holstein cow that was raised on Romandale Farms , ” it reads . But last week , the Star , discovered Charity never came to Markham , and spent their entire life at the Hanover Hill farm in Port Perry . They were buried on the farm by diary farmer Ken Trevena when they died in 1988 . Ed Shiller , a spokesperson for Roman-Barber , said : “ The importance of Charity to Cathedraltown and Markham as a whole is not derived from where Charity lived , ” but making “ Romandale Farm as Canada 's leading breeder and exhibiter of Holstein cows , ” which “ contributed significantly to the growth and prosperity of the city of Markham. ” Armstrong said they felt compelled to reopen the issue “ in light of new information that has come forward. ” “ What I have read tells me that the information that I had was deficient , and what has come to light would likely change how many of the councillors would vote , ” they said . Councillors voted to approve the sculpture in June 2016 . Previously the developer and artist presented the sculpture to the city 's public art advisory committee , which rejected the donation amid concerns about the height and location . But councillors who were present at the June meeting said they were never told about the committee 's rejection , and were only presented with a staff recommendation to approve the donation . Markham Mayor Frank Scarpitti told the Star last week “ council knew details of the sculpture , including its location and height ” before they approved it . And while they “ understands concerns ” around the height and location of the sculpture , they said the city needs to “ be careful ( how they handle this ) … so that we are still considered for future public art donations. ” At the meeting last Thursday , Scarpitti said they had previously met with Roman-Barber to find a compromise and suggested other members of council give it a try . Armstrong said that will be the goal of the delegation ahead of the September meeting . “ The possible options of what happens next are up to the donor , ” they said , which could include relocating it , bringing it down , or removing it altogether .
Read more about :
On Monday morning , the Golden Globes reinforced the notion that Hollywood is still a boy 's club . The organization , made up of about 90 foreign journalists , seemed to go out on a limb not to nominate a single woman for best director . Not Greta Gerwig ( “ Lady Bird ” ) . Not Patty Jenkins ( “ Wonder Woman ” ) . Not Dee Rees ( “ Mudbound ” ) .
Although 2017 has been called the year of the woman , the Globes managed to overlook two of the biggest female-led hits of the year : “ Beauty and the Beast , ” the most successful movie of 2017 so far , was snubbed in the musical/comedy category , and “ Wonder Woman ” was shut out for any awards . Other surprises : Jordan Peele did n't get a nomination for writing or directing “ Get Out , ” although their movie did receive two nominations ( for best picture and actor ) .
Guillermo del Toro 's “ The Shape of Water , ” a love story between a lonely woman and a monster , led all movies with seven nominations . “ The Post ” and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” each picked up six nods . On the TV side , HBO 's “ Big Little Lies ” landed six nominations and FX 's “ Feud ” scored four .
Here are the 21 biggest snubs and surprises from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association :
Related Golden Globe Nominations : Complete List
SNUB : Greta Gerwig for directing “ Lady Bird ”
The biggest disappointment of the morning was that the Globes , following a troubling trend that 's been continuing at the Oscars , nominated five men in the best director category . It 's a shock that there was no love in the category for Gerwig for “ Lady Bird , ” the best-reviewed independent film of 2017 .
SNUB : Jordan Peele , for directing and writing “ Get Out ”
The horror movie earned two nominations for best picture musical/comedy and lead actor Daniel Kaluuya . However , Peele was somehow not recognized in the directing or screenwriting categories , where the movie is expected to make a strong showing on the awards trail .
SNUB : “ Wonder Woman ” gets shut out
Some pundits have wondered if the Warner Bros. tentpole could be the first comic book movie to score the best picture nomination at the Oscars . But the film 's momentum was hurt on Monday , when the Globes omitted it from all categories , including best picture , the best director and best actor for Gal Gadot .
SNUB : “ The Big Sick ”
The Amazon Studios release was a hit with audiences , earning $ 43 million at the domestic box office . It 's weird that the Globes did n't find room for the movie in the best comedy category , or any recognition for stars Holly Hunter or Kumail Nanjiani , who delivered one of the year 's best breakout performances .
SNUB : Jennifer Lawrence , “ mother ! ”
Yes , they starred in the most divisive movie of the year . But the Globes love Jennifer Lawrence so much , they gave them an acting trophy for “ Joy. ” The fact that they did n't earn a nomination for “ mother ! ” means that Darren Aronofsky 's drama about a woman who lives on an abandoned farm is n't going to be an awards contender .
SNUB : Kate Winslet , “ Wonder Wheel ”
Winslet is another favorite of the Hollywood Foreign Press , having picking up a total of 11 nominations over their career . Them role in Woody Allen 's drama set in Coney Island is the type of performance that the Globes usually go for .
SNUB : Emma Watson , “ Beauty and the Beast ”
The “ Harry Potter ” star has never been nominated for a Golden Globe . Although the Hollywood Foreign Press loves musicals , they did n't show any affection for Belle .
SNUB : Diane Kruger , “ In the Fade ”
After winning the best actor prize at Cannes , for playing a woman dealing with grief after losing their family in a terrorist attack , Kruger has n't been able to break into the awards season race . That 's a shame , since they give their best performance to date in the drama directed by Fatih Akin .
SNUB : Christian Bale , “ Hostiles ”
The Western was hailed as as instant Oscar contender when it debuted at Telluride , with a tour-de-force lead performance from Bale . However , its distributor , Byron Allen 's Entertainment Studios Motion Pictures , is an unproven entity in the awards race game . The indie has n't had a high enough profile in a year where the best actor race is packed with heavyweights such as Tom Hanks ( “ The Post ” ) , Gary Oldman ( “ The Darkest Hour ” ) and Daniel Day-Lewis ( “ Phantom Thread ” ) .
SNUB : Jake Gyllenhaal , “ Stronger ”
Gyllenhaal received rave reviews for playing Boston Marathon survivor Jeff Bauman , who lost both legs in the 2013 bombing on Boylston Street . Yet the film 's early fall release date and modest box office receipts might have hurts Gyllenhaal 's chances with the Hollywood Foreign Press .
SNUB : Adam Sandler , “ The Meyerowitz Stories ( New and Selected ) ”
Sandler 's last ( and only ) Golden Globe nomination was for their starring role in 2002 's “ Punch Drunk Love. ” Many thought that they might return to category with their character actor turn in Noah Baumbach 's film .
SNUB : “ Veep , ” HBO
“ Veep ” has been a Golden Globe reliable , with two nominations for comedy and three for its star , Julia Louis-Dreyfus . But the reigning Emmy champ did n't win favor with HFPA members , who voted “ Veep ” out of office in favor of new series like “ SMILF ” and “ Marvelous Mrs. Maisel . ”
SNUB : “ Transparent , ” Amazon
“ Transparent ” won Globes for the series and its star , Jeffrey Tambor , in its first season , and has been nominated every year since . That ground to a halt this year . Might the accusations against Tambor have factored in ?
SNUB : Debra Messing , “ Will & Grace ”
Voters embraced the NBC revival , crowning it with noms for best series and best actor for Eric McCormack . But Debra Messing did n't make the cut this time out , even though she 'd earned six nods for the role .
SNUB : Larry David , “ Curb Your Enthusiasm ”
David 's return to TV had been highly anticipated — he 'd earned three nominations for their work on the show in its previous seasons . But voters shunned them for the ninth season — blame that Fatwah ?
SNUB : Milo Ventimiglia , “ This Is Us ”
The actor earned an Emmy nod last season for their turn as the ill-fated father in NBC 's hit drama , a role which has only gotten more complex and layered in its sophomore season .
SNUB : Carrie Coon , “ The Leftovers ” and “ Fargo ”
They delivered two of the most talked about performances of the year in HBO 's drama and FX 's anthology series — but somehow HFPA voters missed them both .
SURPRISE : “ All the Money in the World ” rebounds
So far , Ridley Scott 's drama has been in the press for all the wrong reasons . Last month , Kevin Spacey had to be cut from the project , after a series of sexual harassment allegations surfaced . Their role ( as John Paul Getty ) was recast with Christopher Plummer , who had to agree to last-minute reshoots . The Hollywood Foreign Press seems to believe that the film , which has n't screened for critics yet , is actually good . “ All The Money in the World ” received three Golden Globe nominations : best supporting actor ( for Plummer ) , the best actor ( Michelle Williams ) and best director .
SURPRISE : Ansel Elgort , “ Baby Driver ”
The summer box office hit was n't really considered an award movie , yet Elgort made the cut over more expected names like Adam Sandler or Kumail Nanjiani . This is the 23-year-old star 's first Golden Globe nomination .
SURPRISE : Katherine Langford , “ Thirteen Reasons Why ”
Netflix 's drama grabbed headlines for its subject matter — as did the performance of the Australian teen as the suicidal teenager .
SURPRISE : Kevin Bacon , “ I Love Dick ”
It 's no surprise that Bacon would draw the attention of HFPA voters , having won for their 2010 movie “ Taking Chance. ” But their turn in Jill Soloway 's “ I Love Dick ” mostly flew under the radar .
Buy Photo The QLine , Detroit 's first 3.3-mile streetcar in decades , which opened to much fanfare in May . ( Photo : David Guralnick / The Detroit News ) Buy Photo
The QLine , Detroit 's first 3.3-mile streetcar in decades which opened to much fanfare last month , reaffirmed an undeniable fact : When private sector leadership and government band together , something significant happens , no matter how laborious and costly the project is .
But the QLine also exposes a regrettable fallibility in southeast Michigan : The dream of fully realizing a mass transit system to shape the future of the region continues to be a dream deferred despite decades of conversations . This was especially evident in last year 's failure to pass a millage to fund mass transit by the Regional Transit Authority . The rejection of the millage underscores the fact that conversation around a public regional transit system that connects communities in the region often lends itself to more division than unity .
Thus , some are wondering whether a state-of-the-art public transit system that will connect Detroit with Ann Arbor , Ypsilanti and Ferndale , and broaden access for diverse visitors arriving at Detroit Metropolitan Airport can ever be realized .
“ I think that angst is understandable . People in this region deserve better transit options and they 've waited far too long for them . It 's very frustrating . That 's why I was outspoken in support of both the QLine and the RTA millage , ” said Wayne County Executive Warren Evans . “ But I do think we need to look very closely at our strategy in trying to achieve true regional transit , it just has n't worked , and no one is served well by decade after decade of a failed pursuit .
“ Many of the supporters of QLine are supporters of regional transit . I think we 've learned that the only successes Metro Detroit has had in regional transit are specific projects , including the QLine . Every attempt to push a comprehensive system has failed . So my logic suggests , let 's identify two or three projects that have support and would fit into a larger system and get them done . ”
Matt Cullen , CEO of M-1 Rail , which operates the QLine , said : “ The M-1 RAIL board of directors will continue to lead and advocate for regional transit . QLine works closely with DDOT , SMART , People Mover and private business along the corridor and that 's an approach that 's proven effective . We remain optimistic that southeast Michigan will come together in support of a regional system . ”
In Macomb County , where the RTA millage suffered the biggest defeat — six of 10 voters rejected the ballot measure , Mark Hackel , the county executive said the result does n't mean residents are against the concept of a regional transit .
“ Macomb County supports regional transit . We 've always supported the SMART bus system . Voters just did not buy into the last proposal , ” Hackel said . “ What residents want now is fixing our roads first because areas near Mound Road have huge potential for investment but they are crumbling because of bad roads there . ”
Hackel said the QLine was launched because “ the private sector needs it for their downtown Detroit investment . They should help add to the creation of a regional transit system . ”
Mark De LaVergne , the chief of mobility in Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan 's administration , said the city is n't backing down on transit investment .
“ Every investment we make in transit , whether it is the successful launch of both the QLine and MoGo ( Detroit bike share ) , DDOT re-establishing 24-hour service on nine routes in the city , or the increased frequency of buses on many of our core routes , supports a stronger Detroit and a stronger region , ” De LaVergne said . “ We still have much to do in order to make up for the disinvestment in transit that the city experienced prior to the mayor , but the QLine is an important step on the path forward . ”
Megan Owens , the executive director of Transportation Riders United , an advocacy group , said the region came closer to realizing a transit system during the last election cycle .
“ I 'm more frustrated than anyone that the funding measure lost . A better run campaign , more support from county leaders , more effective RTA community outreach , or a different presidential race — any one factor could have switched the vote to a win and we could be riding airport shuttles and planning real rapid transit throughout the region , ” Owens said . “ Because the need is so pressing and because we were so close , it is vitally important that everyone in the region keep pushing forward for regional transit progress . ”
Owens said they believe the QLine is another step toward meeting regional transit .
“ While I certainly wish that the QLine ran in its own dedicated lane and had priority at traffic signals so it could be a faster and more reliable form of travel . That said , I believe the city and the region are better off having the QLine provide an attractive and convenient way to get around one of the busiest corridors in the state , ” they said .
Evans said the question of a regional transit will now have to be addressed on a piecemeal basis .
“ Let 's start building a few more pieces and once we get a few successes , I think more people will opt in over the long term . It 's going to have to be a ‘ build it and they will come ' mentality for the region in regard to a comprehensive transit system , ” Evans said .
While critics of the QLine see the project as another reinforcement of downtown Detroit 's investment and say it is not nearly enough to address the transportation needs of Detroiters , let alone the region , Cullen notes that the “ QLine 's historic impact on the infrastructure and development along the Woodward Corridor is a demonstration of why investing in transit is so important for the region . Since 2013 , more than $ 7 billion in development has been completed , is currently under construction or planned . ”
The QLine only deepens both the divide and the interest for regional mass transportation .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2toK2Cx
The far left fringe of the Democratic Party may be hurting the chances of more moderate members attempting to run for office in 2018 . They must walk softly in swing states and those that voted for Trump .
The need for a delicate balance may be tricky to achieve . They need to find candidates that are far more moderate than an Elizabeth Warren or Nancy Pelosi . The last presidential election has taught them plenty . They need moderate candidates who best match the political profiles of the target districts on issues such as abortion and gun control without alienating the left wing .
The question is how strong is the left wing of the party and are they doing more harm than good ? The Democrats need to flip two dozen seats to regain the House majority . That will be a very difficult task indeed .
That puts a lot of Trump districts into play . To win that many seats , they 'll need to put many Trump districts in their possible win column . Some strategists argue that means recruiting candidates that both fit the district politically and come off as “ authentic , ” even if they 're viewed as more liberal .
Could it be that a candidate 's ideology could factor into a race less than general anti-Trump fervor ? That may be the case in the midterm elections .
The Democrats and their compliant media neglect to mention something that is very much on the minds of responsible Democrats looking to the future of their party . The Democrats have now lost the House ( 2010 ) , the Senate ( 2014 ) and presidency ( 2016 ) .
For that matter , they have lost the ideology of the Supreme Court with the addition of Judge Neil Gorsuch . Add to that all federal judge appointments for at least the next four years and the Republicans owning 31 governorships and most state legislatures .
To say moderate Democrats must “ appease ” the left is a joke . The left is responsible for the mess they are in . The Republicans took back the House during the rise of the Tea Party , noting that conservative candidates were able to win competitive swing seats . Does that register with the leaders of the opposition party ?
The Republicans are all for liberal candidates running in their districts . They believe more liberal candidates running in GOP-trending seats will prevent Democrats from unseating their incumbents .
The Democratic hit list includes Reps. Duncan Hunter ( R-Calif. ) , who is under criminal investigation , Ryan Costello ( R-Pa. ) , Mike Coffman ( R-Colo. ) and Barbara Comstock ( R-Va. ) . With the exception of Hunter 's seat , Hillary Clinton carried all of those swing districts .
What the Democrats fail to see is the trend towards conservatism . The country is not running into the arms of a Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren . The liberals make up a scant 20 percent of the voting base of the country . Saner heads need to prevail and that is not the case anytime soon with the far left calling the shots .
PESHAWAR , Jul 4 ( APP ) : Federal Minister for Information , Broadcasting , National History and Literary Heritage Barrister Syed Ali Zafar on Wednesday said that after the merger of Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , everybody should strive to make the process successful .
Talking to media here after a joint meeting of the committees of federal and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa governments to facilitate the merger process , they said FATA 's merger was a historic step of the century , as a big area was merged into the province . “ We have to make this process successful . ”
They said the package for facilitating the merger of FATA areas into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa would be announced in a few days after a meeting in Islamabad .
They said during the fruitful meeting , all issues about the merger process were discussed in detail .
The KP chief minister and other members of the provincial committee would attend the next meeting in Islamabad to finalize the package , they added .
They said the package would include judicial reforms , tax exemptions , administrative measures , infrastructure development , funds transfer matters and fulfillment of promises made with the people of FATA , they added . The details were being finalized by the sub-committees , they said .
The minister said after the next meeting of the committees , the caretaker government would lay down the guidelines for the next government , which would be helpful to take the merger process forward .
The minister said it was clearly mentioned in an article of the Constitution , that provincial assembly election in FATA areas would be held in a year . The Election Commission would carry out delimitation of constituencies and then elections would be held in those areas , they explained .
To a question , they said the caretaker government was totally impartial and would not be part of any blame game . “ If somebody wants to talk to anybody , it is their right . We are doing our work and after completion of our constitutional period we will go back . ”
To a question , they said the government was trying to resolve issues of FATA and the financial commitment which was made by the federal and provincial governments should be fulfilled .
The supremacy wars between governors and senators played out again during the official opening of the Annual Devolution Conference in Kakamega county with senate majority leader Kipchumba Murkomen accusing the county chiefs of high-handedness .
Amid cheers from members of the county assembly , Murkomen and their Kakamega counterpart Cleophas Malala accused governors of stifling the voice of ward representatives and vowed to support a proposed bill by Murang ' a Senator Irung ' u Kang'ata seeking to establish a ward development fund to facilitate development in the wards .
Governors have dismissed the claims accusing senators of malice .
Reliance Capital currently owns 100 % of Reliance General Insurance Company ( RGIC ) and the company is seeking approval to sell up to 25 % in the initial public offering , they said . Photo : Reuters
New Delhi : Reliance Capital has filed an application with insurance regulator IRDAI for selling up to 25 % stake in its general insurance arm RGIC to raise about Rs 1,500-2,000 crore via an IPO .
Reliance General Insurance ( RGIC ) is the fourth general insurance company to have announced its intentions to list in the stock exchanges .
Sources said Reliance Capital has filed application with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India ( IRDAI ) for the IPO of RGIC .
RCap currently owns 100 % of RGIC and the company is seeking approval to sell up to 25 % in the initial public offering , they said .
It expects to raise Rs1,500-2,000 crore through RGIC IPO as value unlocking measures . RCap is separately listing Reliance Nippon AMC and Reliance Home Finance this year .
Stating that the company has planned a series of value unlocking measures , sources said RCap will list Reliance Home Finance in September and Reliance Nippon AMC in October .
Reliance General Insurance is planned to be listed in November .
The Board had in June approved a proposal to independently list the company on the stock exchanges . The move is is expected to unlock substantial value for all stakeholders .
The company provides a wide range of general insurance products like fire , motor , health , home , crop and travel .
The company outperformed industry to grow at 40 % in FY17 .
Its yearly gross written premium stood at Rs4,007 crore . It has a diversified distribution network through partnerships with banks including IndusInd Bank , Catholic Syrian Bank , Andhra Bank and Bank of India .
It operates through 129 branches and 24,500 agents across the country .
Reliance Group companies have sued HT Media Ltd , Mint 's publisher , and nine others in the Bombay high court over a 2 October 2014 front-page story that they have disputed . HT Media is contesting the case .
Bio Rocket Blast you 're trying to board up a picture window you 'll need to create vertical braces that are positions every 16 inches on program . You can also add horizontal braces to be able to extra strength formula . Putting together a building is very simple to use . Once you assembled all the parts together , simply add insulation , wiring , and other things you need , and bam ! ! You have an instant building that capable use .
Visit it ! to get more information > > > > > > https : //www.healthsupreviews.com/bio-rocket-blast/
Aug 11 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Kevin Kisner chips to the 14th green during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Mandatory Credit : Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Kevin Kisner transformed their game three years ago to turn themselves from a battler into one of the world 's best golfers .
They have risen to 25th in the world rankings without much fanfare , but their relative anonymity will change if they continue their sizzling form at the PGA Championship , where they were tied with Hideki Matsuyama for the halfway lead at eight-under 134 on Friday .
Kisner realised in their first two years on tour that they were not good enough to compete with the world 's best , so they went back to the drawing board with coach John Tillery and focused on improving their long game .
“ I was never a great ball striker . I came out here and saw how well other guys hit it and I was like , ‘ I 've got no chance the way I 'm hitting it ' , ” said the 33-year-old from nearby South Carolina after their second successive 67 at Quail Hollow .
“ I knew if I ever got confident in my ball-striking I could win , because I 'm competitive and pretty good around the greens . Once I started seeing results with the long game , then I had a great year in ( 2015 ) . ”
Kisner now has two PGA Tour victories under their belt , and four other playoff losses , but they entered the PGA Championship without a great record in their 11 previous major starts .
“ I 've been upset with how I 've played in the majors so far ... but every year you learn more about how to approach them ... They are not much fun unless everything is working out for you . ”
SOUTHERN BOY
Kisner fits the stereotypical image of what the Americans call a 'good 'ol southern boy ' , enjoying hunting and fishing with their buddies when he 's back home -- and not talking about golf .
“ I love my core group of friends at home that they do n't ask me why I made a bogey on the last hole that cost me 20 grand or anything like that . They do n't pester me about golf and we just hang out and have a couple of beers on the back porch . ”
Kisner , whose brother-in-law is a founding member of Quail Hollow , still lives in the unglamorous town where they were born , Aiken , South Carolina , just across the border from Augusta , Georgia .
“ When I was playing mini-tours and was broke , that 's the only place I could afford to buy a house and I went back there , ” they said , adding they had no plans to move . “ I love it . ”
As they sleep on Friday night pondering their share of the lead , Kisner knows the job is far from done .
“ The next step is competing and winning major championships . I think a big step is just understanding that no lead is safe . ”
KARACHI , June 14 ( APP ) : The four day good will-cum-training visit of
China 's Peoples Liberation Army ( Naval ) Task Group to Pakistan
concluded here Wednesday , said an announcement from Pakistan Navy
Directorate of Public Relations Wednesday .
Three Chinese Navy war ships CHANG CHUN , JING ZHOU and CHAO HU
were said to be part of this task group that visited Karachi under the
command of mission commander Rear Admiral Shen Hao , Deputy Commander East Sea Fleet .
During their stay in Karachi , the officers and men of the
visiting ships held professional discussions and deliberated upon
subjects of mutual interests with their Pakistan Navy counterparts .
Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah was
mentioned to had also taken round of PLA ( N ) ships and held detailed
meeting with Rear Admiral Shen Hao .
During the four day good will mission operational training
activities , joint interactive sessions , table top discussions on
professional topics and social events were also arranged between the
officers and sailors of the two navies .
During the last leg of the visit a Passage Exercise ( PASSEX ) was
conducted in the North Arabian Sea between Pakistan Navy Flotilla and
PLA ( N ) task group to enhance inter-operability between two navies .
On the occasion both the Navies performed tactical maneuvers and
boarding as well as Go Fast drills . These were besides different
serials of Air Defence exercise and Anti Ship Missile Defence
Exercise .
Rear Admiral Hao also called on senior officials of Pakistan Navy
and civilian dignitaries .
PN officials said the visit of PLA task group has further
strengthened the time tested friendship of China and Pakistan besides
enhancing mutual collaboration and cooperation between two navies .
KARACHI , Aug 14 ( APP ) : On the occasion of the 70th Independence
Day anniversary of Pakistan , a magnificent air show was held at
Seaview , here on Monday afternoon under the auspices of the
Pakistan Air Force ( PAF ) .
A large number of people , including women and children watched
with great interest the air show that continued for about an
hour .
The Mirage jets , F-16s , K-8 ( Sherdil ) as well as helicopters and
planes from Pakistan Navy participated in the air show and performed
flying maneuvers .
Sindh Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah was the chief guest
on the occasion . Corps Commander Karachi , Lt. Gen. Shahid Baig
Mirza and Air Officer Commanding Southern Air Command Haseeb Piracha ,
was also present .
The people who watched the air show said that they were very much
thrilled by the aerobatics performed and the expertise that was
displayed during the hour-long event .
This is a special week for those who are involved with the production of food and fiber . It marks the 47th observance of Earth Day on Saturday , April 22 .
The original premise of Earth Day was to promote the conservation of our natural resources . It is only fitting that on this day we showcase the progress of the Kansas farmer and rancher – but is there really any question most people who live on planet Earth support its survival ?
To help put Earth Day in perspective , this celebration of our planet really began gathering steam at the beginning of the ‘ 90s . It became a very “ in ” thing to bang the environmental drum .
Back then , I remember “ Fortune ” magazine proclaiming for the first time the environment was a cause worthy of saving . Others shouted from the mountaintops that while Motherhood , apple pie , baseball and the flag all may be subject to controversy – saving our planet was beyond debate .
This same idea is back in vogue today . In this perfect world , people will fully understand the tools they use , and some believe they can provide for themselves without depending on the professionals and specialists .
Life would slow down and be viewed as a whole . This ideology offers a sense of place – of being rooted . Ancient wisdom and grassroots democracy are essential . Quality and equality of life are where it 's at . Much is said about ends but little about means . This ideology speaks poetically about much – plainly about little .
So , what happens after Earth Day passes ?
Most folks go about their daily lives and forget about Earth Day . Some will focus on small things like recycling or changing their shopping habits . Some fringe environmentalists may be forced to re-think their radical positions of imminent apocalypse .
Protecting and caring for this old world we call home is often a struggle . Like each day 's sunrise and sunset , we often take it for granted . Conservation of our planet can be a challenge because some regard the land as a private commodity .
Others , including farmers , ranchers and those who make their living from the land , view this planet as a community to which they belong . They love , respect and care for the land . They adhere to an ethic , which enlarges the boundaries of their community to include soils , waters , plants and animals .
There is no other way for the land to survive the impact of modern man . We must always remember while our land yields fruits , vegetables and grains , it also yields a cultural harvest – one we as inhabitants all share and must nurture .
Let 's remember throughout the year , not only on Earth Day , that land is used right when it tends to preserve the integrity , stability and beauty of the living community . It is used wrong when it tends to be otherwise .
The bulk of all land relations hinges on investments of time , forethought , skill and faith , rather than only investments of capital . We have continually modernized our farm equipment , plant foods , herbicides and other production inputs . We are proud of the abundance of the crops we produce .
We can never throw away or limit the tools which have provided so much for so many . Let 's remember throughout the year our commitment to the successful and wise use of our life-giving land . Let 's remember we have not outgrown the land .
John Schlageck , a Hoxie native , is a leading commentator on agriculture and rural Kansas .
BUSINESS
South Korea 's consumer confidence dropped for five months in a row to hit a one-year low in April due mainly to a possible US-China trade row and a strengthening local currency , a central bank poll showed Wednesday .
The composite consumer sentiment index for this month stood at 107.1 , down 1 point from the previous month , according to the survey by the Bank of Korea .
The index has been on a steady decline since touching a seven-year high of 112 in November and has reached the lowest level since April last year when it hit 100.8 .
( Yonhap )
But the BOK said it is still higher than the long-term average of 100 , as a reading above 100 means optimists outnumber pessimists.An intensified US-China clash on trade issues , which recently seems to have subsided to some extent , dampened South Koreans ' sentiment , while they also worried that the rapid appreciation of the Korean won may drag down the country 's exports.The BOK said its index measuring people 's sentiments regarding current economic conditions fell one point to 86 in April.In addition , an index measuring the public 's feelings toward economic conditions over the next six months slid to 96 from 97 over the cited period.The latest monthly index is based on a survey of 1,968 households throughout the country conducted from April 10-17 . ( Yonhap )
BOURBONNAIS , Ill. -- The Chicago Bears sent left guard Kyle Long back to the locker room early Monday after they were involved in multiple skirmishes with both offensive and defensive players .
`` There 's a certain standard we have and it 's something we were n't very pleased with , '' Bears coach John Fox said . `` I have n't had a chance to visit with them yet , but it 's something that we 'll handle it internally . ''
Editor 's Picks Long bros. : Hate wo n't define Charlottesville Chris and Kyle Long , who grew up in Charlottesville , Virginia , watched in dismay as their hometown was besieged by violence and hate rallies over the weekend . The brothers say the community will not be defined by those actions and will emerge stronger .
Long got into it with teammates in team and individual drills before the Bears instructed them to leave . Monday 's practice -- Chicago 's final one in Bourbonnais -- was closed to the public but open to the media and select season-ticket holders .
Fox did n't want to speculate about Long 's motives behind the outbursts .
`` I really ca n't answer that at this point , I 'm sure obviously there was some frustration , again that 's not how we operate , '' Fox said . `` I did n't really see everything , just know that there was a disturbance and we do n't need that . That 's why they left the field . ''
The Bears have slowly increased Long 's team reps in practice as the three-time Pro Bowler works back from a right ankle injury suffered against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last November . Long underwent surgery to repair the ligament damage to the ankle , but opted not to surgically fix a partially torn labrum in their left shoulder .
Chicago is in the process of moving Long from right to left guard -- the third position change of their five-year career . Long lined up at right tackle during the 2015 season .
The club 's 2013 first-round pick , Long , 28 , signed an extension before last season worth $ 30 million in guarantees . He 's scheduled to earn a $ 6.25 million base salary in 2017 .
Beijing
The recent 16th meeting of the Council of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Heads of Government ( Prime Ministers ) was held in Sochi , Russia . The meeting was not only meant to look for more cooperation consensus on the economy , culture and security , but will also set the tone for the SCO summit next year , as well as articulating plans for the future development of this regional bloc .
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang attended this meeting and provided the Chinese plans for regional cooperation . This SCO meeting was the last leg of Li 's foreign visit since the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China was held in October . It is also a wrap-up tour for China 's multilateral diplomacy this year . Since the 19th congress , China 's major-power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics has become more mature , with focuses on joint development with regional countries and maintenance of a just international pattern .
The SCO , the only multilateral mechanism named after a Chinese city , has a clear position in China 's diplomacy and will embrace new opportunities for the expansion of cooperation . Since the 19th Party congress , China 's development has entered a new era , and so has its diplomacy with neighboring countries . The member states of the SCO are all China 's neighbors , the relationships with whom are manifested in the principle of amity , sincerity , mutual benefit and inclusiveness advocated by Chinese leaders.—Xinhua
Star wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. was on the sideline , working with trainers Tuesday while the New York Giants held their first minicamp practice of the year .
That they were there and rehabilitating their ankle was a positive step for the team during an offseason that has included Beckham trade rumors . New coach Pat Shurmur said before the minicamp practice that they expected Beckham to be on the roster this season .
`` Absolutely , '' Shurmur said . `` He 's an excellent player , he 's part of our team and he 's a very valued member of our team . Everybody that 's out here , I 'm planning on them being here . ''
Beckham broke their left ankle in October and had been training and rehabbing in Los Angeles . They were at the Giants ' facility for the start of the offseason program two weeks ago . They are n't there last week for voluntary workouts , but they returned for this week 's three-day minicamp .
`` Yeah , he 's here and he 's been here , '' Shurmur said . `` He 's going through their rehab to get fully cleared , so they were able to be involved in the walk-through , but as we get going here competitive full speed , they wo n't be able to participate [ Tuesday ] afternoon . ''
Offensive tackle Ereck Flowers and defensive tackle Damon Harrison were not at Tuesday 's voluntary minicamp practice . Flowers is expected to be on the trade block during this week 's NFL draft .
Beckham appears to be part of the Giants ' long-term plans . They are in the fifth-year option of their rookie contract and looking for a new deal . The two sides still have n't had serious talks about a new deal , according to a source .
The relationship between Beckham and the Giants appears to be mending several weeks after a controversial video emerged . In the seven-second clip on social media , Beckham is in a bed next to a pizza , holding what appears to be some sort of brown cigarette or cigar , while a woman next to them has a credit card and what looks like a white , powdery substance aligned in rows .
Giants co-owner John Mara said they were tired of talking about Beckham 's actions off the field , and the team 's brass said at the NFL 's annual meetings that the team was n't trying to trade Beckham , but would listen to offers .
Beckham and Shurmur appear to be on the same page after they met in Los Angeles last month for a getting-to-know-you conversation .
`` Well , it 's like any relationship -- we constantly communicate . We had a great conversation [ Monday ] , '' Shurmur said . `` He came in and we sat down as we were getting ready for this minicamp so we could talk about what we were trying to get accomplished . We 've spoken on the phone , we text . It 's just like any relationship . We 're very honest and open with one another and we communicate frequently . ''
Offensive coordinator Mike Shula said earlier this month the Giants were designing their offense with Beckham in mind . That 's a positive for a Giants offense that struggled badly to score points last season . They averaged 13.6 points per game when their top playmaker either was limited by injury or did not play .
Beckham , 25 , has 313 catches for 4,424 yards and 38 touchdowns in 47 career games .
Ryan Reynolds released a statement on Monday to address the death of a stuntwoman who was killed earlier that day on the set of “ Deadpool 2 . ”
“ Today , we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming ‘ Deadpool , ' ” they wrote in a message posted to Twitter . “ We 're heartbroken , shocked and devastated … but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must feel in this moment . My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person they touched in this world . ”
The event in question took place around 8:20 a.m. when the stuntwoman reportedly lost control of their motorcycle and crashed through the glass of the Shaw Tower 's ground floor studio , according to eyewitnesses .
A spokesperson for WorkSafeBC told Variety that the agency has launched a long-term investigation into the accident .
Director David Leitch also mourned the stuntwoman 's death . “ I 'm deeply saddened by the loss of one of our stunt performers today , ” they wrote in a statement . “ No words can express how I and the rest of the ‘ Deadpool 2 ' crew feel about this tragedy . Our thoughts are with their family , friends and loved ones in this difficult time . ”
20th Century Fox also commented on the tragic happening . “ We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘ Deadpool 2 ' this morning , ” a studio spokesperson said . “ Our hearts and prayers are with the family , friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time . ”
The identity of the stuntwoman is being withheld from the public at this time .
“ Deadpool 2 ” stars Reynolds in the titular role . Leitch is directing the film from a script by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick . “ Atlanta ” breakout Zazie Beetz and Josh Brolin join the franchise in key roles . The movie is scheduled for theatrical release on June 1 , 2018 .
Reynolds notably championed the idea of a “ Deadpool ” standalone movie for over a decade before the first feature hit theaters . They first saw the comic strip in 2004 , then the first draft of the script was penned five years later . It was finally greenlit years after that , and hit theaters in 2016 .
“ When ‘ Deadpool ' came along it was a great relief , ” Reynolds said in Variety cover story , “ it was a role I felt we could get right . ”
See the post below :
Call of Duty : WWII is one of the most anticipated titles of the year ; after three years of jet-packing the franchise returns to its roots of boots-on-the-ground action .
On the heels of the CWL Champs tournament ( congratulations , Optic Gaming ! ) , Activision and Sledgehammer have announced that the private beta for CoD : WWII will go live on August 25 , and have concurrently released a trailer for the multiplayer beta .
The beta will be available on PS4 , and will include some of the same content we saw at E3 this year , including three maps and a new game mode called War Mode .
You can check out the beta trailer below and you can check out our interview with Sledgehammer boss Michael Condrey right here .
Teachers , fellow students and resident were at the opening of the Purple Christmas Showcase Friday . Students from Cleveland Central High School curated the event , which featured photos and biographies of some of the people they interviewed for the Cleveland Yearbook .
Cleveland Central High School students presented their Purple Christmas Showcase , a gallery featuring their work with the Cleveland Yearbook Friday at the Delta Art Alliance .
Students involved were of Ava Lubin , Macy Robinson , Holly Stanley and Charles Virden and Cleveland Yearbook Project Manager was Charles Coleman .
Since September , the students have worked with Coleman to gather oral interviews for the Cleveland Yearbook project .
According to Coleman , the yearbook is a community-based platform comprised of photos and the perspectives of residents .
In three months , the team of students has interviewed fellow peers , teachers , and various local residents and business owners .
Some of the interviewees include photographer William Powell , high school student Jorge Flores , business owner Hailey Huerta Kelly and teacher Jeanne Miller .
Emily Jones , University Archivist at Delta State University , said , `` I love what Charles is doing with the students . He 's getting them excited about their local history and culture . It is exciting to get them plugged in at this age . ''
The students each picked three of their oral interviews and wrote a biography to go along with a picture of the interviewee .
The gallery also featured photos from the new high school 's first homecoming .
There was also a display wall , which featured quotes from some of the people interviewed for the yearbook .
`` The bios are on ( the interviewee 's ) life and their view of Cleveland and how they feel the town is going , '' said Robinson .
`` What I 've taken away from this project is that Cleveland is a town that loves it members . It 's a place where there are a lot of different cultures .
`` I think Cleveland is growing in a positive direction . The young people are rallying and are trying to bring more growth for ( the next generation ) to prosper here , '' they said .
The display will be up until Wednesday .
For more information call Delta Arts Alliance at 662-843-3344 .
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump is making an evening visit to the hospital where a US member of congress who was critically wounded Wednesday at baseball practice is receiving treatment .
Trump arrived around 8:45 p.m . ET for the surprise visit to Medstar Washington Hospital Center , where Rep. Steve Scalise , the number three House Republican , underwent surgery earlier Wednesday for wounds sustained in the shooting , which took place outside Washington .
They were accompanied on the evening trip by their wife , first lady Melania Trump . The couple brought flowers for the injured lawmaker .
The hospital said after the surgery that Scalise remained in critical condition . A US Capitol Police officer who was also hurt in the gun attack was also receiving treatment at the facility , situated about three miles northeast of the White House .
Ahead of their visit , a White House official said Trump may only be able to visit Scalise 's family , which has gathered at the facility , since the lawmaker themselves remains critically ill .
Earlier Wednesday , Trump called for unity across party lines during a subdued statement from the White House . They avoided issuing partisan blame for the attack , which was carried out by an assailant who had expressed anger at Trump 's election and support for Democratic candidates .
It 's the first major domestic incident that has prompted a response from Trump , who spoke straight into the camera during their brief statement from the Diplomatic Reception Room . During their remarks , Trump disclosed that the shooter had died , the first confirmation from any official of the death .
Their appearance was shorter than their predecessor 's post-shooting statements , and did not contain political overtures , as President Barack Obama 's reactions often did . But Trump did strike a similar tone of solemnity , which has become rare during their public appearances until this point .
`` Everyone on that field is a public servant -- our courageous police , our congressional aides who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion , and our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people , '' Trump said .
`` We may have our differences , but we do well , in times like these , to remember that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because , above all , they love our country . ''
By Kevin Liptak and Jeff Zeleny
A recent string of economic indicators point to the weakening recovery of the Korean economy , casting doubts over the government 's expectation that this year 's growth rate will reach 3 percent.In its monthly economic assessment report released last week , the Ministry of Strategy and Finance said the recovery pace “ was not solid , ” as an upturn in exports and facility investment was offset by weak industrial output.The cautious assessment followed analysis made earlier by the Korea Development Institute , a state-run think tank , that the recovery momentum of Asia 's fourth-largest economy , which began picking up in the fourth quarter of last year , has recently shown signs of weakening.It also came two weeks after the government revised up its growth forecast for this year to 3 percent from the initial target of 2.8 percent , expecting stimulus effects from an 11 trillion won ( $ 9.6 billion ) supplementary budget. “ Given the current recovery trend , the Korean economy is seen to expand 2.8 percent at best this year , ” said Ju Won , an analyst at the Hyundai Research Institute , a private think tank.According to data from Statistics Korea , industrial output increased 1.5 percent in June from a year earlier , down from 2.6 percent in the previous month.Production in the mining and manufacturing sector decreased 0.3 percent on-year in June , marking the first negative growth in eight months.Factories across the country ran at an average 71.6 percent of full capacity in the second quarter , the lowest since the January-March period of 2009 , when the factory operation rate remained at 66.5 percent as Korea struggled with the fallout from a global financial crisis.On-year increase in construction investment decelerated from 15.1 percent in May to 6.5 percent in June . Construction investment , which contributed 1.6 percentage points to the 2.8 percent growth last year , is expected to be further dampened by measures taken earlier this month to curb rising home prices.Private consumption , which accounts for about half of the country 's gross domestic product , is expected to remain sluggish in the coming months . Retail sales , a key measure of consumer spending , rose 1 percent in June from a year earlier , down from 1.5 percent in May and 2.6 percent in April.Mounting household debt , which amounted to 1,360 trillion won as of end-March , will likely be coupled with consumer price hikes and a fall in the value of financial and property assets to further dampen private consumption.Exports and facility investment have remained bright spots for the economy , but experts warn of a downturn during the rest of the year.Korea 's overseas shipments rose 19.5 percent in July from a year earlier , extending the gaining streak to nine months.Barring the export of semiconductors and ships , which jumped 57.8 percent and 208.6 percent , respectively , the increase rate stood at a mere 2.8 percent , according to analysis by the KDI.Particularly worrisome is the sluggish performance of automakers , which have accounted for more than 10 percent of the country 's total exports.Troubled with strikes and decreasing demand , car manufacturers have warned that they may have to move factories abroad if an upcoming court ruling upholds a labor call for widening the scope of ordinary wages , resulting in increasing wage costs by trillions of won.Facility investment rose 5.3 percent on-month and 18.7 percent on-year in June on the back of increased demand for semiconductor equipment and machinery . But facility investment is expected to take a downturn down the road , analysts say.A set of external downside risks , including rising tensions over North Korea 's nuclear weapons and missile programs and trade protectionism , are also poised to weigh on the economy.Experts note there is limit to bolstering growth mainly by expanding fiscal spending as planned by President Moon Jae-in 's administration , saying forging conditions favorable for corporate investments are needed to spur the economic recovery. “ Policies churned out by the new government so far will only increase costs to be shouldered by companies , ” said Sung Tae-yoon , a professor of economics at Yonsei University.The Moon administration is moving to raise corporate taxes , turn temporary jobs into permanent ones and increase minimum wages.These measures have already prompted backlashes from businesses.Trade , Industry and Energy Minister Paik Un-gyu met owners of local textile companies Friday to ask them to reconsider moving production abroad in response to minimum wage increases.Experts call on the government to work out measures to reinvigorate corporate activity and promote industrial innovations rather than being tilted toward pushing ahead with income-led growth by expanding fiscal expenditures.In a report released last week , the BOK noted the vitality of the Korean economy plummeted to half the average level of member states of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development during the period between 2010 and 2017 , compared to the pre-global financial crisis era. “ Growth could be spurred persistently only by improving economic fundamentals , ” said Sung.Kim kyung-soo , a professor of economics at Sungkyunkwan University , noted increased fiscal deficits would make the economic structure more unstable.By Kim Kyung-ho ( khkim @ heraldcorp.com )
The City of Toronto has been doing incredible work and carrying a heavy load as Canada deals with an increase of migrants seeking asylum . The federal government knows that municipalities can not and should not do it alone . It 's why in response to a call from Mayor Tory and other municipal leaders , Ottawa pledged an initial $ 50 million to help with temporary housing . We also renewed our pledge to work with all levels of government on a plan to manage and mitigate pressures .
An RCMP officer informs a migrant couple of the location of a legal border station , shortly before they illegally crossed from Champlain , N.Y. , to Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle , Quebec . ( Charles Krupa / AP )
As a result , federal and provincial officials have developed a plan to triage asylum claimants from the point of entry to locations with temporary housing capacity . With federal funds and support , the goal is to have the Ontario government map its existing shelter system inventory and identify capacity in real time . The federal intake system would then process and triage migrants to areas of the province that can accommodate them . Once again , this would be done with federal support , as property tax payers should not be covering these costs . A similar system is working well in Quebec . Temporary housing occupancy has stayed below 85 per cent of capacity across the province and there 's a well-managed process in place to ensure that service-providers are not overwhelmed . A coordinated approach between federal agencies and provincial officials has been crucial to ensuring order and managing flows effectively .
Article Continued Below
Furthermore , quality data has allowed us to quickly respond to changes on the ground and make adjustments when needed . Last year , Quebec indicated that migrants were staying in shelters too long , because they were not receiving work authorization quickly enough . In response , the federal government cut wait times for work permits from three months to three weeks , and the duration of stay in emergency shelters has been cut significantly . The Star editorial ( governments must act now to head off backlash against migrants , June 27 ) says we need to stop hiding behind data . To be clear , we do not dispute that an increasing proportion of shelter users are migrants . We are committed to supporting the city , and accurate data is key for us to figure how to best do that . We know that the terms “ refugee , ” “ refugee claimant ” and “ immigrant ” are often conflated , however , each of these categories of migrants are supported through different mechanisms . For example , people who already have refugee status have access to a number of federally funded programs , which can relieve the burden on city services . This year , the federal government invested $ 1.1 billion in settlement and integration supports for refugees and immigrants . Without accurate data clients can not be directed towards those services . This is not about semantics , this is about finding the right solutions based on an accurate understanding of the problem . Ottawa wants to recreate our process in Quebec in Ontario . This will mean reduced pressures on Toronto , as well as other municipalities that have seen increased pressures , including London and Hamilton and Ottawa . In the past two months , there has been a significant decrease in the number of asylum seekers crossing our border , and we want to make sure that this reduction provides relief to Toronto 's shelter system . Toronto has struggled with finding adequate shelter space for over a decade . I left Toronto city council and sought a seat as a member of parliament in Ottawa to address this challenge by bringing the federal government back to the housing field after a decade of severe cuts and 25 years of underfunding . Since 2015 , the federal government has doubled support for homelessness in its first budget , tripled transfers to the provinces and has now launched Canada 's first National Housing Strategy , with a $ 40 billion , 10-year investment . Each level of government has a role to play . The federal government is ready to go with funding and a triage plan to help Toronto with the recent pressures .
The increase in irregular migrants is not a crisis : Canadian laws are being enforced , human rights are being respected and our international obligations and treaties are being lived up to . Cities are not being left to fend for themselves and neither are people seeking refuge . However , extraordinary situations require additional cooperation , and it is important that all levels of government come together to find solutions . As the new provincial government is sworn in , we look forward to working with our counterparts to give Toronto the support it needs . Adam Vaughan is the Liberal MP for Spadina-Fort York .
Read more about :
Communications Director of Hearts of Oak , Kwame Opare Addo has confirmed that they have taken a look at the Karl Reinhdorf Park as they bid to switch their home venue back to Accra .
Following the renovation works currently ongoing at the Accra Sports Stadium , Hearts of Oak opted to move their home venue to the Cape Coast Sports Stadium .
The Phobians have endured a torrid time in the ongoing Ghana Premier League at their adopted home ground , which has prompted their teeming fans to call on management to return the team to Accra .
Club 's scribe , Opare Addo has confirmed their outfit are considering the Liberty Professionals ' playing grounds .
'Yes we have taken a look at Karl Reinhdorf but the decision has not been made yet , ' they told Accra-based Class FM .
Hearts have recorded two wins , two losses and a draw at their adopted home as they 're sitting 10th on the log .
For more Ghana football news visit www.ghanasoccernet.com
MUZAFFARABAD , June 14 ( APP ) : Prime Minister of Azad Jammu and Kashmir Raja Farooq Haider Khan called on AJK President Sardar Muhammad Masood Khan in President House the other day and exchanged views on different issues including unprovoked Indian firing on LOC , the latest situation in Indian held Kashmir , the main features of upcoming fiscal year Budget 2017/18 of AJK , Developmental priorities , measures of public welfare , fast changing international situation and efforts of resolving Kashmir issue .
The Minister for Information , Tourism and Information Technology Raja
Mushtaq Minhas was also present on the occasion .
Both the leaders strongly condemned the siege and search operations of Indian forces in occupied Kashmir and killing of youths in the name of fake encounters in the holy month of Ramadan .
The AJK President said the day has to come when Indian forces will be
made answerable for their criminal acts .
President and Prime Minister of Azad Kashmir appealed to UN ,
International Human rights organizations and International community to take stalk of Indian repression in IHK and adopt steps to protect innocent Kashmir people inside the held valley and living on LOC .
They know what he 's looking for .
`` The only thing I really care about is do the guys win ? '' they said `` Do they have accuracy ? Do they have a strong arm ? Can they throw the ball in the red zone and in tight windows ? Can they drive the ball ? At the end of the game , do they win ? That is kind of what I look for . ''
TRADE WINDS
Dorsey insists he 's keeping their options open , and that he 'd trade the top pick for the right package . `` My phone always rings , '' they said . And with several teams in the market for a quarterback , it 's likely the Browns will entertain offers . However , that does n't mean Dorsey will make a deal .
The Browns remain haunted by their decision to trade first-round picks with Philadelphia and Houston the past two years , swaps that cost them Wentz and Watson .
HANDY MAN
Dorsey raised some eyebrows last week when they cited the importance of hand size as one of their top criteria in selecting a quarterback . Cleveland 's inclement weather can make gripping the ball a challenge , and therefore the bigger the hand , the better .
Using hands as an exclusive measuring stick , Allen ( 10 1/8 inches ) would be Dorsey 's favourite over Rosen ( 9 7/8 ) , Darnold ( 9 3/8 ) and Mayfield ( 9 1/4 ) .
DYNAMIC DUO
The top pick is n't the only tough choice for the Browns , who may be torn at No . 4 between taking Barkley ( if he 's still available ) or North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb .
The 6-foot-4 , 270 pound Chubb would be a perfect complement to Myles Garrett , last year 's top overall pick who had a solid rookie season despite being slowed by an ankle injury . Chubb led the ACC with 10 sacks last season , and the thought of having to block them and Garrett would give an NFL offensive co-ordinator nightmares .
`` I would be thrilled to have a guy like that because they fit all of the models we talk about , '' Dorsey said . `` He is a good football player . They are a man of character . They would be great in the locker room . Really , they are a super kid . ''
HITS , MISSES AND BARGAINS
Garrett was a smart pick , but the Browns have n't been so savvy in recent years . Of the team 's 11 first-round selections since 2012 , only four are still with the team — and three were selected last year .
Wide receiver Corey Coleman ( No . 15 in 2016 ) has struggled with injuries and inconsistency . The Browns did find a late-round gem that year in linebacker Joe Schobert ( No . 99 overall ) , who made the Pro Bowl in their second season .
___
For more NFL coverage : https : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
New Delhi : Virat Kohli-led Team India crumbled down the jaded Sri Lankan side by an innings and 171 runs on Day 3 of the third and final Test match to complete a 3-0 clean sweep , thus becoming the first ever Indian side to win a full Test series on foreign soil . With the victory , Virat Kohli edged past their predecessor MS Dhoni to register most overseas Test wins . ( IND vs SL , 3rd Test : As it happened || Full Coverage )
Sri Lanka resumed Day 3 action at 19 at the loss of one wicket . Opener Dimuth Karunaratne along with nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara stepped onto the field . India was then leading by 468 runs . Ravichandran Ashwin struck first to dismiss the opener and then Mohammed Shami scalped two wickets , sending back Pushpakumara and then Kusal Mendis . Angelo Mathews stepped in next and along with skipper Dinesh Chandimal stitched a commendable 65-run partnership for the fifth wicket . Surviving through Kuldeep Yadav 's deceptive googlies and a single DRS scare the duo headed in for lunch .
READ : Virat Kohli leads Team India to first ever overseas clean sweep in series of three or more matches
But returning back on their 10th over Kuldeep outfoxed the skipper when the ball kissed the inside edge of their bat and flew to Cheteshwar Pujara at short leg . Mathews fell victim to another DRS scare , with this time the decision not tilting their way . Ashwin figured 4/68 , pacers Umesh Yadav too put the wicket-taking list as the hosts squandered down to mere 181 . India won the match by an innings and 171 runs , thus clean sweeping the series by 3-0 .
Earlier , the tourists had shrugged off 2015 Galle humiliation by winning a massive 304-run victory over the Lankans in the first Test match . Heading to Colombo for the second , the team took an unassailable 2-0 lead in the series with a win by an innings and 53 runs at SSC Ground .
Ergo , Virat Kohli now has seven overseas victories in total , standing second on the list among Indian skippers . Two matches in Sri Lanka when they had finished 2-1 in 2015 , two more in West Indies in 2016 and finally , all the three matches in Sri Lanka , in this series . The 28-year-old has now breezed past their predecessor MS Dhoni who had record of six such wins . Leading the chart , is , however , Sourav Ganguly with 11 victories .
Well , Team India does have the all-important and highly anticipated South Africa series coming up early next year at the African nation . But more than records , analysts will be keen on seeing whether the Indians can survive the Proteas track .
They said he 's offended by the suggestion he 's being parachuted into Kitchener-Conestoga , saying they live a five-minute drive from the riding .
Some point to Mike Harris Sr. 's influence as a major fundraiser for Ford and draw a line to the pre-election gift for their son . The former premier also played a big role in convincing former leadership contender Christine Elliott to drop their challenge in the contest that ultimately made Ford the party leader .
But Harris says he 'll be working hard to make sure voters know them for their own merits . They decline to talk about the circumstances that caused MPP Michael Harris to be forced out by own party , over a sexting allegation from 2013 .
`` That situation is not something I 'm going to get involved with . I do n't think it 's fair to answer that . Things are still pretty fresh , '' Harris said .
`` ( Kitchener-Conestoga ) has certainly always been a riding I 've been interested in , but in no way was I looking to oppose Michael or step on any toes . ''
After they lost the Waterloo nomination , Harris says they were planning to work for the party behind the scenes . Those speculating that strings were pulled to remove MPP Michael Harris and open up a spot for them are off-base .
`` Absolutely , unequivocably , not true , '' they said . `` I can understand why people say that ... but I have no insight into what the party 's plan was , or how they handled it . ''
`` I had absolutely nothing to do with what happened to Michael Harris . ''
On April 5 , Harris was soundly beaten in the Waterloo nomination by Dan Weber . The following afternoon , someone approached the PC leadership with a five-year-old allegation against Michael Harris , the MPP who held the seat in neighbouring Kitchener-Conestoga .
Within hours , the MPP was told they would no longer be allowed to run for the party . While the local riding association scrambled to start the process to elect a replacement , the wheels were already in motion to give the job to Mike Harris Jr .
Michael Harris , the MPP , declined to comment for this story . But it 's clear they had little currency with the new leader — chairing Elliott 's leadership campaign , and helping lead the aborted legal fight that aimed to prevent Ford from winning .
The Ontario PC Party has also declined to say who brought the allegation against the local politician , and why it resurfaced so many years after the incident happened .
The woman Harris was texting with did not file a formal complaint , and did not go public with their story — instead , it was someone within their own party who outed him .
Others are questioning why an appointment was necessary in Kitchener-Conestoga , at the risk of alienating local party members .
`` My strong preference is that he , along with any others , would have been involved in contest for the nomination , '' said Kitchener-Conestoga MP Harold Albrecht .
`` A grassroots democracy is something we all believe in and talk about ... But when push comes to shove , we have to do everything possible to make sure that happens . ''
Appointments are always a gamble , the MP said , especially when a parachute candidate does n't live in the riding .
`` You can have some local people who feel they 've been excluded . You always run the risk of them not being involved as enthusiastically as they otherwise might have been . That 's always the downside , '' Albrecht said .
Harris , meanwhile , inherits a winnable PC seat , and a significant election war chest that outshines all other candidates in the riding , thanks to significant fundraising by their predecessor .
The PC constituency association in Kitchener-Conestoga had $ 147,000 in its bank account at the end of 2016 , according to Elections Ontario , far more than any other party in the riding . It 's only added to that amount since — all funds that Harris can now use to help them win in June .
The association was so flush with cash it actually gave $ 7,500 to each of the four PC riding associations in the region , to help with their election efforts .
Harris also inherits a ballot where some voters are likely to be confused by the distinction between the two-time MPP Micheal Harris and the new Harris on the card .
It 's all left people wondering how one politician 's career was ended so dramatically , while another was suddenly given such a significant boost .
`` There are a lot of unanswered questions there , '' Albrecht said . `` There 's a lot of speculation out there and a lot of 'what ifs ' in this process . ''
`` All I 'll say is this : I 've worked with Michael ( the MPP ) for more than ten years , and in all that time , I 've never witnessed any evidence of inappropriate behaviour . ''
gmercer @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ MercerRecord
gmercer @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ MercerRecord
Olivia Palermo is the unofficial QUEEN of Couture street style . And if you needed any proof , this Giambattista Valli mini is it . The light , lavender color was the perfect way to offset the rather heavy piece that was completely embroidered and feathered .
Public skating is a leisure time activity where ice time enthusiasts learn how to skate , improve their skating and skate just because they love being on the ice .
The Lucknow Recreation Department hosts a variety of skating opportunities throughout the winter months and for the most part the public skating is sponsored and you skate for free . Those sponsored skating days are the key ingredient to a healthy hockey and skating community where young and old combine their love of being at the rink .
It was a celebration of women 's hockey with a Women 's Hockey Day in Lucknow on Saturday Jan. 27 , 2018 . The day was filled with women 's hockey starting with Lucknow Pee Wee Girls hockey team playing , which led up to the sponsored public skating where the Lucknow Legends Senior B Girls team was seen helping youngsters learn how to skate . The main event capped off the Women 's Hockey Day in Lucknow with the Lucknow Legends Senior B Girls taking on the Stratford Aces .
The Legends pulled out the win with a 3-2 victory over the Aces and was the perfect ending to a celebration and support showing of the Women 's Hockey Day in Lucknow .
PanARMENIAN.Net - One male suspect is in custody after an explosion in the subway near Times Square , the New York Police Department said Monday , December 11 , BuzzFeed News reports .
Police said there were no injuries other than the suspect after the explosion that occurred Monday morning at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue in Midtown Manhattan .
The A , C , and E lines are being evacuated and information is preliminary , police said . Authorities tweeted the origin of the explosion is unknown .
A commuter , Keith Woodfin , said officers were patrolling normally when they got into the second floor of the Port Authority bus station at around 7:20 a.m .
“ They then got a radio call and ran down to the second floor shouting ‘ go , go , go , ' ” they told BuzzFeed News .
Woodfin said the officers ran toward 8th Avenue , and the crowd on the first floor of the station “ parted like the Red Sea. ” They did n't “ hear or smell ” anything , but said that suddenly “ all the sirens started . ”
“ This was the first time I 've ever seen them run like this in the Port Authority , ” they said of the National Guard 's reaction .
Another commuter , Rolan Mourin , getting off their usual 158 buses at the station , said they heard the explosion at around 7:30 a.m .
`` We were heading downstairs when we heard the explosion , ” they told BuzzFeed News . “ People were then running from other directions towards us , shaken and [ with ] fear in their eyes . ”
Mourin described the sound as a “ loud pop [ or ] bang ” and said they thought it had been a gunshot at first .
Gareth Southgate is clearly a genius .
Most importantly he 's a lucky genius . So lucky England now have a great chance to reach the World Cup Final despite playing in a most ordinary fashion . Ordinary might be as good as this team gets , but that might be enough given future opposition , in the next two rounds at least .
Goalkeeper Jordan Pickford celebrates England 's win over Colombia .
Southgate 's best decision in this World Cup was fielding a reserve team against Belgium . It was a no-brainer for me . Losing that game was the only chance England had of going all the way . Even when they lose , Southgate actually wins and that 's some skill .
For all the pride and praise they deliver in their players ' direction after games Southgate has presumably worked out they do n't have the creativity or wit in their squad to make goal-scoring chances for Harry Kane , their only reliable finisher , so he 's banked on set-piece prowess and so far so good .
Southgate is also smart enough to realise their defence is vulnerable to any sort of pressure so lucky for them they could well be playing two more teams who wo n't come forward with any pace .
England were fortunate with their group draw , landing two of the worst teams in the entire competition . Now they need to make it count . England has only beaten two bad sides , one with a last-minute goal , so losing to Sweden in Saturday 's quarter-final would represent a failure no matter what the FA spin doctors and media cheerleaders would have you believe .
Gareth Southgate with England 's penalty shootout hero Eric Dier .
Colombia were hopeless and England still only managed to score from the penalty spot in two hours , but if ever a team deserved to be sent packing in heartbreaking fashion it was the nasty , spiteful South Americans .
They made the match unwatchable at times . They certainly made it unrefereeable . I almost felt sorry for an American official who was clearly out of their depth and not helped by the latest clown to sit in the VAR booth when a Colombian escaped with a yellow card for a first-half head butt .
Appalling player behaviour has marred this World Cup and , although Colombia were the far bigger disgrace in this game , England were far from innocent .
If a Colombian had raked an opponent 's head with a boot like John Stones did , the horribly biased ITV commentators ( if you did n't know it was a former England coach in the commentary booth you 'd have assumed Glenn Hoddle was Harry Kane 's dad ) would have banged on about it for hours . Instead it was barely mentioned .
England even threw in a couple of rather pathetic dives , but here we are approaching a very winnable quarter-final , although Sweden 's recent record against the likes of Holland , Italy and a group containing Germany surely makes them favourites .
But England have belief , the confidence they can win a penalty shootout , and a manager who has been transformed from the ‘ man who took Middlesbrough down ' to a natty dresser with the Midas touch .
Stock Market Sees Its Worst Weekly Performance In 2 Years
The stock market took a big dive on Friday amid growing worries about inflation . The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 666 points , or 2.54 percent . The market saw its worst weekly performance in two years .
ARI SHAPIRO , HOST :
It has been a long time since the stock market has seen a day as bad as this one . The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 666 points . That is a 2 and a half percent drop . And it caps off a pretty bad week on Wall Street . NPR 's Jim Zarroli is going to explain to us what 's happening . Hi , Jim .
JIM ZARROLI , BYLINE : Hi , Ari .
SHAPIRO : The story all year has been record highs in the stock market . What 's going on ?
ZARROLI : Yeah . The stock market has been on a tear . I mean , the Dow is up 25 percent last year . Then it just kept blowing past , you know , 24,000 , 25,000 , 26,000 . President Trump is bragging about how well the stock market has done . And this week , it just seemed like , you know , this giant bucket of cold water was thrown in everybody 's face . And that really intensified today . All these big stocks like ExxonMobil , Goldman Sachs , Apple - they were all down . And it was n't just stocks . It was bonds . It was commodities like oil . It was just - you know , it was your basic bloodbath .
SHAPIRO : And one of the things that makes it so weird is that the day started with pretty good economic news - employers adding jobs , average hourly earnings rising . So can you explain what accounts for the steep drop-off ?
ZARROLI : Yeah . I think the jobs report was actually part of the problem today , not that it was bad . I mean , it was actually solid . But the wage gains were a problem . They have a lot of investors wondering , you know , are we going too fast ? Are we going to see more inflation ? You know , the Fed is already raising interest rates . Does that mean it 's going to raise them even faster ?
Then you have these big tax cuts taking effect , which means people could be spending more . The government 's going to have to borrow more . What 's that going to mean ? So I think there 's just this more cautious outlook at least about inflation and that the jobs report just poured gasoline on the fire .
SHAPIRO : It 's kind of counterintuitive that for a long time people have been saying , yeah , the stock market 's great , but wages are n't going up . And now wages go up . And the stock market drops .
ZARROLI : Right .
( LAUGHTER )
SHAPIRO : Could political events have any impact on this , be part of the reason behind it ? Of course this memo story is just blowing up Washington today . Could that be one of the factors ?
ZARROLI : I do n't think so . I mean , the memo was released in the morning . And the real - the drop today in the stocks really intensified later in the day , in the afternoon . So if there 's a connection , it 's hard to see . In fact , you know , you could say the markets have generally been shrugging off this Russia investigation . The markets are supposed to hate instability . You always hear that . And of course this is nothing if not an unpredictable time . But , you know , this investigation has been going on for months , and stock prices have just been going up and up and up almost regardless of that .
SHAPIRO : Put this in perspective for us . We said it was a 666-point drop . That sounds like a lot - 2 and a half percentage points . How bad is this ?
ZARROLI : Well , you know , we need to keep it in perspective . This is one bad week . Stocks are still up for the year . The stock market was really due to come down anyway . I mean , we have these corrections . They 're normal . You ca n't have stocks rising at these levels all the time . The economy is still growing . We have a very tight job market . Companies are reporting good profits .
But we are - you know , as I said , we 're starting to see the mood shift a little bit . Interest rates have come up . They rose quite a bit today . The yield on the 10-year bond was up a lot . They 're still not high in historic terms , but they are rising , and that does have an effect on the economy . That affects people 's mortgages and auto loans . It affects credit cards . So , you know , people have been feeling really optimistic for a long time about where the economy is going , especially in the past year . But I think days like this are just kind of a reminder , you know , the sky is not the limit .
SHAPIRO : A reality check there from NPR 's Jim Zarroli . Thanks a lot .
ZARROLI : You 're welcome .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Staff Reporter
Azme-Naujawan ( AeN ) , a collective effort of 10 civil society organizations , will officially launch their youth program for the special occasion of International Youth Day .
According to the UN , there is growing recognition that as agents of change , young people 's inclusion in the peace and security agenda and in society more broadly , is key to building and sustaining peace .
Therefore 12th August marked the beginning of Azme-Naujawan , a program launched to address the disengaged state of youth in Karachi .
It managed to bring together over 1000 youth from all over Karachi , as well as civil societies , and key government officials . Notable celebrities were also present to show their support for this program . The ceremony was commenced by Sidra Iqbal , prominent journalist and activist .
The legend goes that Cap Anson , asked what he 'd like their tombstone to say , replied , `` I guess one line will be enough : 'Here lies a man that batted .300 . ' ''
There are three reasons we care , for our purposes today , about Anson 's response . The first is the throat-clearing opener : `` one line will be enough . '' Anson had one of the game 's most extraordinary and complicated major league baseball careers . They were baseball 's first superstar , rapped 3,435 hits , won five pennants and almost 1,300 games as a manager , and played a prominent and despicable role in preserving segregation in the sport . A book could probably be written about any one of their 27 seasons . But , in their estimation , one line would be enough . That 's how powerful `` batted .300 '' has been in baseball .
Editor 's Picks State of the Stat : MLB numbers taking yet another crazy turn Strikeouts are through the roof . Batting averages are in the basement . Still , it 's all just part of the roller-coaster ride that is baseball history . Here 's how we got here .
MLB fan survey says ... baseball IS N'T boring and your team is awesome What do voters think about the state of the game ? Our poll results reflect an optimistic bunch that loves the sport , but is also open to change .
How to enjoy baseball The games are long . The season is even longer . But with a few simple tricks , you can take some of MLB 's flaws and turn them into features . 2 Related
The second is that , according to the official record , Anson batted .334 . That is considerably higher than .300 ! In fact , to be extra obvious about it , it 's as different from .300 as .266 is . Just a few more than 200 players have ever hit .300 over a career ; barely 20 have hit .334 . Anson , though , chose the lower number as their life 's greatest achievement . That 's how powerful the round number is .
And third is the timing . As we 're going to get into in a minute , it 's very important to know when `` batted .300 '' became a thing . Was it when Joe Garagiola said that Stan Musial could have hit .300 with a fountain pen ? Or when Gene Mauch pulled Johnny Callison from the lineup late in the season so Callison could `` go through the winter thinking of themselves as a .300 hitter '' ? When Ted Williams used it as the pretext for their statement that hitting a baseball is the hardest challenge in sport ? Thanks to Anson -- possibly apocryphal Anson -- we can place it much earlier .
The reason we care about these three things is that `` batted .300 '' is old and tiring . Batting average has been replaced in most analysis ; WAR , a stat that tries to accomplish everything -- `` one line will be enough '' -- is ascendant , along with any number of other advanced stats . And for a player like Mike Trout -- who hit .299 after grounding out in their final at-bat of the 2015 season -- stardom depends , at least in part , on the public awareness of , acceptance of , idolization of certain statistical benchmarks . `` Batted .300 '' is going away , but nothing has taken its place . What are the new equivalents ?
What we mean by batted .300
Batting .300 says something different in every era . In 1968 , batting .300 ( .301 , to be exact ) was enough to lead the AL in hitting , while in 1930 there were 76 different .300 hitters as the National League hit .303 as a circuit . Nobody means `` batted .300 '' to mean someone `` was league average . '' Nor do they mean it as `` best hitter alive . ''
But , thanks to Anson , we can place the rough era during which .300 became a notable milestone . `` At some point in the 1880s , '' says John Thorn , MLB 's official historian , `` .300 came to be seen as a good barometer of batting skill , as no National League club had batted .300 between 1877 and 1892 . * The .300 mark survived as a watermark for good hitting even after the 1894 campaign , when NL hitters averaged .309 . ''
According to premodern stats kept at Baseball-Reference , there were 429 hitters who batted .300 or better between 1871 and 1890 , an era during which the league 's batting average was .260 . That 's out of almost 2,000 qualifying hitters , so .300 represented 22 percent of full-time batters .
`` My biggest regret was letting my lifetime average drop below .300 , '' Mickey Mantle once said . They added , `` it made me want to cry . ''
Remarkably , .300 remains almost exactly the same standard -- statistically -- today . Over the past 20 years , 23 percent of qualifying hitters have batted .300 . Over the past 40 years , 22 percent have . The league has batted .262 in that time .
So we have a threshold that captures the top 22 percent , a standard that matches pretty well with the other `` round numbers '' of offense : About 19 percent of regulars have hit 30 home runs over the past two decades , and over 20 percent have driven in 100 runs . Last year : 25 percent reached 30 homers , 15 percent reached 100 RBIs and 17 percent batted .300 .
There 's one more bit of evidence that `` top 20 percent '' is significant . You might have read before that hitters seem to `` target '' .300 , with roughly twice as many players batting .300 on the nose than .299 on the nose . This phenomenon is due mostly to players coming out of games on the last day of the season when there 's a .300 to protect and staying in games ( and swinging away ) when they 're sitting on .299 . It might , to some degree , be due to extra focus and motivation , as hitters in the final game of the season seem to hit ( a little bit ) better when .300 is on the line than when , say , .295 or .305 are on the line . But regardless of why this phenomenon exists , is the fact that it does .
We can look from era to see whether hitters `` target '' .300 more aggressively when .300 is in the top-20 percent range . For instance , in the 1920s , when the league 's batting average was .285 , and nearly half of all batters topped .300 , there is no evidence of targeting . Breaking the past 116 years into rough offensive `` eras , '' we can see that targeting was nonexistent when .300 got too common . It was n't just the roundness of the number , but the relative exclusivity of it .
Years League Average .299 hitters .300 hitters `` Targeting '' Ratio 1901-1919 0.254 10 17 1.70 1920-1939 0.282 40 34 0.85 1940-1959 0.260 15 37 2.47 1960-1989 0.255 23 59 2.57 1990-2016 0.262 29 114 3.93
So , then : We 're looking for modern stats that equate to , roughly , the top 20 or 22 percent of major league regulars .
What means what we mean but does it better ?
Nobody would say that any stat , including WAR , can really include everything a player does . But the framework is designed to include everything measurable , and to adapt to each new area of the game that becomes measurable . To the extent that one line would be enough , WAR aspires to be that one line .
# Angels Mike Trout averaged 9.69 WAR per 162 games played for their career . Only one player in history is better : Babe Ruth at 10.56 WAR/162 . — Ryan M. Spaeder ( @ theaceofspaeder ) November 17 , 2016
There are , over the past two decades , 697 players who have hit .300 while batting enough to qualify for the batting title . The 697th the best WAR over the past 20 years is 4.6 -- Jason Giambi 's 2005 season , when they led the AL in OBP and finished 18th in MVP voting . Put a pin in that number for a second .
A this-much-WAR-means-you're-good standard , unlike the same one for batting average , should be especially resilient from year to year , era to era , because the components of WAR are themselves adjusted for the offensive environment of the era . In other words , .300 meant a lot more in 1968 than it did in 1930 , but batting runs -- the offensive portion of WAR -- are park and era adjusted for each year . Watch :
Bill Terry , 1930 : .401 batting average , 1.071 OPS , 60 batting runs
Carl Yastrzemski , 1968 : .301 batting average , .922 OPS , 56 batting runs
So , if we were to settle on 4.6 WAR as our equivalent to batting .300 , it should be era-proof in a way that batting average was n't , and the same percentage of hitters should reach it . Let 's see .
Years .300 hitters 4.6 WAR 1901-1919 0.18 0.11 1920-1939 0.46 0.15 1940-1959 0.24 0.2 1960-1979 0.17 0.25 1980-1999 0.23 0.21 2000-2016 0.22 0.22
Alas , steadiness is thwarted by the shorter seasons of yesteryear -- it 's harder to build up counting stats in a 140- or 154-game season -- but we see a pretty steady rate , especially in the 162-game era , at or around 22 percent . So that 's good .
Other more advanced stats ' 22 percent thresholds :
So there we go : A .300/30/100 season in the modern age can be easily identified by these new , dope numbers : a 4.6 WAR season with an .876 OPS and 2.61 WPA . The ol ' 4.6/.876/2.61 line . Such a cool line . Put it on my headstone : Here Lies A Man Who Went 4.6/.876/2.61 .
This is a problem .
A .300 batting average with 30 home runs and 100 RBIs ? How quaint . Try this Rob Manfred-era slash-line equivalent : 4.6/.876/2.61 . AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews
But why doing it better does it worse
Economists call it the left-digit effect , for the disproportionate emphasis we put on the leftmost digit ( the 1 in $ 1.99 ) instead of the rightmost digits ( .99 ) . Or they call it the round-number bias . It distorts our impression of numbers and makes us do silly things . SAT test takers who score 990 , 1090 , 1190 , etc . are more likely to retake the test than those whose score is a round number ( 1000 , 1100 , 1200 ) , for instance . Hitters batting .300 are more likely to take the last game of the season off than hitters batting .299 . Our numbers , in this way , are social constructs -- or , at least , the significance we attach to them is , dependent on the number of fingers humans have and the base 10 counting system we use .
At least some of the reason that .300/30/100 took on such significance had nothing to do with whether they represented 22 or 20 or 18 percent of the population , but everything to do with how pretty they are . Our new thresholds are not pretty .
`` So there we go : A .300/30/100 season in the modern age can be easily identified by these new , dope numbers : a 4.6 WAR season with an .876 OPS and 2.61 WPA . The ol ' 4.6/.876/2.61 line . Such a cool line . Put it on my headstone : Here Lies A Man Who Went 4.6/.876/2.61 . ''
We can make them prettier : 5 is no 10 , but it sure beats 4.6 , and .900 is no 1.000 , but has a pleasantness to it nevertheless . ( A .300/.400/.500 slash line has always struck us as one of baseball nature 's prettiest productions , but it 's too rare -- less than 2 percent of qualified hitters -- to replace .300 . ) Here Lies A Man Who Had 5 WAR would cover 18 percent of hitters in a given year . That 's a higher standard than the founders appear to have intended with their tombstones , but maybe that 's appropriate : There are also many more teams , larger rosters , more roster churn -- a much larger denominator now .
`` My biggest regret was letting my lifetime average drop below .300 , '' Mickey Mantle once said . They added , `` it made me want to cry . '' With the 5-WAR standard , Mantle would n't have needed to worry . A nice , extended peak of , say , a dozen 5-WAR seasons would put a player on the cusp of the Hall of Fame . ( Mantle averaged 6 WAR over the span of 18 , including their decline years . )
And on a seasonal basis , it passes the sniff test : Twenty-six players had 5.0 WAR or more last year , including George Springer , on the nose ; David Ortiz , 5.1 ; DJ LeMahieu , 5.2 ; and Christian Yelich , 5.3 . Those seem like seasons worth preserving .
Are they worth preserving much more than those of Miguel Cabrera , Starling Marte and Justin Turner at 4.9 apiece ? Not really . Perhaps it 'd be nice to take batting average 's slide toward irrelevance as an opportunity to kill the round-number bias in our sports narratives and insist that every fan embrace all the complex ambiguity contained in twos and sevens and eights and get rid of the idea that one line will ever be enough .
But it 's unlikely we 'd succeed . `` Batted .300 '' did n't take off because a bureaucrat declared it so , but because our simpleton human brains had a deep longing to make complex things simpler , boring things more dramatic and numbers into narratives . As long as nature is still making our brains the same way , we 're all going to keep seeking a round number to tell us something special happened . All hail the 5-WAR player .
* Thorn follows up : `` Nerdily , I point out that my statement about BAs 1877-92 does not include 1887 's counting of walks as hits . '' As long as we 're being specific : We used Baseball Reference 's model of WAR throughout this piece .
Do n't let GPS errors stop you from playing Pokémon Go !
Pokémon Go is everywhere , and that 's great for Android gamers around the world . But if you 're getting a `` GPS signal not found '' error when you launch the game , here 's how to fix it !
GPS errors ? First , make sure GPS is enabled !
Many Android phones come with their GPS radios turned off by default in order to save battery life , since the technology is very battery-intensive . Here 's how to turn it on .
Note : This example was done on a Samsung Galaxy S7 edge , but these steps should apply to most Android devices running Android 5.0 Lollipop or higher .
Tap on your phone 's Settings icon or access Settings through Quick Settings . Scroll down to Privacy and safety . Tap on it . Tap on Location . Make sure Location toggle is in the on position . Tap on Locating method . This may also be called Location mode . Tap GPS , Wi-Fi , and mobile networks . This may also be called High accuracy . Ensure that Wi-Fi is also turned on throughout the game , even if your phone is not connected to a network .
Pokémon Go uses both local Wi-Fi ( also known as Assistive GPS ) , your closest mobile network tower , and GPS satellites to accurately place you in the game world . Turning on just Wi-Fi and mobile network-based location tracking will make your character jump around and less likely to be placed close to Pokémon .
Still getting an error even with GPS enabled ?
GPS satellites are finicky things . While the radios inside Android phones have improved significantly over the last few years , they 're still not perfect , and may sometimes have trouble locating you , especially indoors .
If you 're still getting GPS errors even after turning everything on , take a step outside and hold your phone steady for around 30 seconds . That should allow the GPS satellites to lock onto your phone and get things back to normal .
MORE : Common Pokémon Go problems and how to fix them !
Can you still play the game without GPS ?
Yes ! If you do n't have a phone with GPS , or are using a Wi-Fi tablet that does n't have a GPS radio , it 's still possible to play Pokémon Go . Unfortunately , the experience wo n't be as good , since you 'll need to be in areas that have strong Wi-Fi signals , such as restaurants , bars , coffee shops , or other businesses , that you can connect to .
Since Pokémon Go relies on having an internet connection , it will be able to locate you with just a Wi-Fi signal — just do n't expect to compete on the same level as your Android phone-wielding friends .
Getting a driving warning when you 're not actually driving ?
That 's a GPS problem ! It 's called GPS drift and it is usually caused when your phone ca n't latch onto a strong GPS signal while indoors . The quick fix is to turn on Wi-Fi , or to get close to a window , which will make it easier for a satellite to lock onto your GPS location .
More : How to avoid a driving warning in Pokémon Go
Update to the latest version
Are you getting a lot of GPS errors even after following all the steps above ? Update to the latest version from the Play Store !
WWE News : Matt Hardy is after the Intercontinental title
Matt Hardy is looking to expand their title collection .
by Nithin Joseph News 14 Jun 2017 , 21:45 IST
The WWE Universe would love to see the IC title on Matt
What 's the story ?
In a recent post on Twitter , Matt Hardy revealed their impressive title collection and mentioned that their championship case was missing all but one title . It is believed that this is a reference to the WWE Intercontinental title , which they have never held before .
Part of my Title Collection . I still have championships to add . pic.twitter.com/jsKiBJe7AB — REBORN by FATE ( @ MATTHARDYBRAND ) June 14 , 2017
In case you did n't know ...
Matt Hardy along with their brother Jeff is a twelve-time world tag-team champion , having held the World tag team championship on six occasions , the Raw tag team Championships twice , the TNA World tag-team championship twice , the Ring of Honor World tag team championship once and the WCW tag team championship .
The heart of the matter
Matt Hardy is one of the most decorated individuals in wrestling history and can definitely be considered as a future Hall of Famer along with their brother Jeff . However , there has been one title that has eluded Matt throughout their wrestling career , and that is the Intercontinental Championship .
In a recent tweet , Hardy showed off their impressive title case but casually mentioned they still had championships to add to their collection . This is a clear reference to the IC title which is currently held by The Miz .
The A-Lister themselves had some choice words for Matt , as a mini-Twitter war broke out between the two after a reply from The Miz .
I do n't even have to DELETE # TheMizICTitleComebackTour ..
It 's already ..... OBSOLETE !
But I would be interested in PROCURING the IC Title . https : //t.co/RZ862Q6uZp — REBORN by FATE ( @ MATTHARDYBRAND ) June 14 , 2017
No matter what the future holds for Matt Hardy , there is no doubt that a push for the IC title would be something that the WWE Universe will look forward to . Hopefully , the WWE can make it happen .
Also read : 5 things WWE wants to delete about The Hardy Boyz
What 's next ?
Currently , Matt and Jeff Hardy are locked in a feud with RAW tag-team champions Sheamus and Cesaro . However , it is rumoured that Vince McMahon wants to introduce Jeff into the Universal title picture and Matt 's recent post could be an indication of what the plans for both the Hardys are .
Author 's take
Matt Hardy has become one of the hottest properties in the wrestling universe right now , and that is all thanks to their ‘ Broken Matt ' gimmick . Hopefully , the WWE will buy the rights to the gimmick and Matt can start their journey towards the dream of winning the IC title . It is also interesting to note that Sheamus is also interested in the IC title . Possible triple-threat for the championship in the near future ? We shall see .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
Manchester United star Zlatan Ibrahimovic says they have made critics 'eat their balls '
The Manchester United superstar definitely has a way with words
@ ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu News 02 Jan 2017 , 09:38 IST
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a stunning start to their Manchester United career
What 's the story ?
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a stunning start to their career in England . The enigmatic Swedish striker has been banging in the goals for the Red Devils and has already found the back of the net an incredible 17 times .
There was much fanfare when United managed to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic for free in the summer . However , many critics had questioned whether the 35-year-old was past their peak . Ibrahimovic with their performances for United has put all those niggling doubts to rest . Speaking to reporters , Ibrahimovic said :
“ I had a fantastic year , I am not complaining . I came to United , my first six months here has been more than amazing . I am super happy and let 's hope we can continue the ride and keep going . I feel good . I do n't know how many years I have left but I am enjoying the football . I came to the Premier League and everyone thought it would not be possible but like always I make them eat their balls . ”
In case you did n't know ...
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had one of their best years in 2016 . The Swedish striker scored an incredible 50 goals in the calendar year finishing only one behind the year 's top scorer , Lionel Messi .
The disallowed goal
In the recent 2-1 victory against Middlesbrough , Ibrahimovic had a goal ruled out for raising their foot to a dangerous height even though replays showed that there was no foul play on Ibrahimovic 's part .
Their manager , Mourinho , was pleased with their performance and lamented Zlatan missing out on being the top scorer for this year . They also warned West Ham that Zlatan will be ready and raring to go for United 's first game in 2017 .
A happy Mourinho said : “ Zlatan 's disappointed because in this moment they should be celebrating being top scorer in 2016 . They did it . But they will start on Monday . You can tell [ Slaven ] Bilic that . ”
Heart of the matter
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has always shared a bit of a love-hate relationship with the British media and pundits . While Jose Mourinho has been a vocal admirer of the Swede 's talents , many people felt that the 35-year-old would find it difficult in the Premier League .
The Swedish superstar in their own inimitable style has put all those doubts to rest with their stunning performances this year . They also admitted that they enjoyed proving their critics wrong who got ‘ paid to talk shit '
“ It gives me a lot of energy , trust me . A lot of energy because they get paid to talk shit and I get paid to play with my feet , that 's how I enjoy it . ”
What 's next ?
After a tough start , Manchester United , under Jose Mourinho have finally started finding their feet and will be eyeing a sixth consecutive victory when they face West Ham on Monday night .
While Mourinho has hinted that they will start Ibrahimovic again , the Swede themselves admitted that it will be tough for them to play 2 games in 48 hours . Speaking to reporters , Zlatan said :
“ It 's crazy , ” said the centre-forward . “ There is no superman , there is no strength that can recover from a game so fast and I can not do nothing about it . If the coach wants me to play , I will play . But let 's be realistic , from a game you need to recover two or three days . ”
Sportskeeda 's take
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has proven time and again that they are a top performer . The Swedish superstar has been successful in whichever league they have played and though doubts were cast on their age and ability to adapt to the Premier League , Zlatan has proven with their performances that they are still one of the top strikers in the world .
Like wine , Zlatan has got better with age and they have definitely made the critics ‘ eat their balls ' with their stupendous performances for Manchester United .
BEIJING , April 24 ( APP ) : Foreign Minister , Khawaja Muhammad Asif held a bilateral meeting with Foreign Minister of Uzbekistan , Kamilov Abdul Aziz Khafizovich here on Tuesday .
During the meeting held on the sidelines of the Council of Foreign Ministers ' meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , both the ministers spoke highly of the historical relations between the two countries and their deep cultural linkages .
Khawaja Asif appreciated the active support of Uzbekistan for Pakistan 's membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization which was finalized during the SCO Astana Summit in Uzbekistan .
The two Foreign Ministers also discussed various issues of mutual interest and agreed to further strengthen bilateral , political , economic and people-to-people relations .
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old . When they were a senior in high school their life flew off the rails .
They were getting high on whatever drugs they could get their hands on . They were suicidal . Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober , but could only stay sober while they were on campus during the week .
`` I 'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really , really hard , '' says Berkowitz . `` Sometimes I 'd make it through the weekend , and sometimes I just could n't make it . It was white-knuckling it , just holding on . ''
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz .
`` I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope , '' they say .
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck . They had private health insurance and they lived in Connecticut , where a startup company , Aware Recovery Care , had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober : them home .
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business , but a lot of the treatment that 's available is expensive and patients often relapse . Fortunately , there is a way to help some people pay less for better results , says Matt Eacott , vice president of Aware Recovery Care .
`` Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you 're done , '' says Eacott .
Instead , Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it does n't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control . The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction , Eacott says , with better results than most competitors achieve .
Aware comes into clients ' homes and connects them with a nurse , a primary care doctor , a therapist , peer support , 12-step meetings and a case manager . Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment . They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking , if that helps them stick with the program .
Hannah 's mother , Lois Berkowitz , says the program is intense at first . But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background .
`` It 's not like they 're doing the work for the addict , '' says Lois Berkowitz , `` they 're just basically taking them by the hand and saying , 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you . And I 'm going to go with you to start , so it does n't feel that uncomfortable . And then we 're going to let you fly . ' ``
Before they `` fly , '' Aware clients have a pretty long runway . The treatment lasts for a full year .
Benefits worth the initial cost , insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire . The program is expensive . It costs $ 38,000 a year . As of now , it 's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut .
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware , because the treatment is based on hard science that 's yielding solid results for clients , says Dr. Steven Korn , Anthem 's behavioral health medical director . Science and results are rare in addiction treatment , they say .
`` There are old , old notions that have hung pretty tough , '' says Korn . `` When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned , the response of physicians was , 'Well , go to AA . That 's not our problem . We do n't treat that . ' ``
For a year of treatment , Anthem says it 's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment . Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment .
That 's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care , says Dr. Stuart Gitlow , past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine .
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it 's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits , Gitlow says .
`` It 's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use , '' they say , `` but is about what led to the substance use in the first place . And you ca n't really get there without getting to know the patient . ''
Aware says it 's in negotiations with four more major insurers . The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year .
This story is part of NPR 's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News .
After coconut oil was called out earlier this year for not being as healthy as we all wanted to believe , a new study on canola oil now suggests that this vegetable oil may also not be as good for us as once thought .
However , adding a little fat to your food , either through cooking or drizzling over salads , can help to fill you up and feel more satisfied after a meal provide a variety of health benefits .
Here we take a look at the most recent evidence to to assess which of the `` good fats '' to include in the diet for a healthier lifestyle .
Canola oil
Although it has previously been touted as a healthy and cheaper alternative to some of the more expensive oils around , a new study out this week has found a link between canola oil and a worsened memory , worsened learning ability and weight gain in mice which model Alzheimer 's disease . The team point out that despite the health claims surrounding the oil , very few studies have investigated them , with this new study the first to suggest that canola oil could actually do more harm than good for the brain .
Vegetable oils
A new review published earlier this year which attempted to end some of the confusion around recent food fads warned against the vegetable oils coconut oil and palm oil , which are high in saturated fatty acids and raise cholesterol . Despite the popularity of coconut oil over the last few years , the review advised that these oils should be limited or avoided altogether due to limited data supporting regular intake .
Extra-virgin olive oil
The same review however , like many studies before it , praised olive oil for its health benefits , concluding that it is the most heart-healthy oil . Studies have also suggested that adding an oil like extra-virgin or virgin olive oil to uncooked dishes such as salads can also boost health by helping the body absorb several fat-soluble vitamins , but choose refined olive oils for cooking as they are better at higher temperatures . However , like most oils it is high in calories , so consume in moderation .
Faith Webber ( 10 ) is walking on air after scoring one of their two goals against Utica Ford , sending Grand Blanc to the Division 1 title game . ( Photo : Robin Buckson , Detroit News )
Rochester Hills — Freshman Faith Webber did n't shy away from the bright lights of the state playoffs and scored both their team 's goals to push Grand Blanc to the Division 1 finals with a 2-1 semifinals victory over Utica Ford on Wednesday night .
Two minutes into the second half , Salena Speagle booted a loose ball into the top corner of the net from 20 yards out to put Ford ( 15-2-4 ) up 1-0 .
After that , it was all about Webber .
Midway through the second half , Webber cut in from the left and fired a laser far-side past Ford 's diving keeper Emma Boutorwick to knot the score at 1 .
`` If you asked me how I scored that goal I could n't tell you , '' Webber said . `` I just remember getting the ball and taking a touch so it was on my right foot , then hitting it as hard as I could and it ended up going into the back of the net . ''
Five minutes later they got the crowd on its feet by tucking a header neatly inside the goal , giving Boutorwick no chance and sending their team to the state finals .
The teammate that crossed Faith Webber the ball was their sister , sophomore forward Paige Webber .
`` She ( Paige ) got the ball in the corner and at that moment I knew I was going to hit this ball with some body part . Either my head , my legs or my chest , but I was going to get this ball in the net . It was a perfect ball , '' Faith said , giving credit to their sister .
The chemistry between the sisters has driven Grand Blanc 's offense all year .
`` We have so much chemistry on and off the field , and we 've been able to put that towards our play and score some goals , '' Faith said .
When asked how many times this season she 's hooked up with their sister for goals Faith was n't sure , but they know it 's been `` quite a few . ''
Faith is just a first-year student , but she 's well aware of Grand Blanc 's past success in the state playoffs :
`` It 'll probably hit me later , '' they said . `` It 's surreal . Big goals , big dreams . We went to the state finals two years ago so it 's good to get back there . ''
Grand Blanc will play Grand Rapids Forest Hills Central for the state championship at 4 p.m. Saturday at Williamston High .
The first half was a defensive affair and was scoreless at the half . Ford had a couple more chances and a 2-0 advantage in corner kicks .
`` They took it to us in the first half , '' Grand Blanc coach Greg Kehler said . `` They play a nice style . The possessed the ball in the midfield on us . ''
Sophomore forward Nicole Fiantaco was instrumental in creating opportunities for Ford . They just missed a header attempt and later collided violently with Grand Blanc goalie Madison McKay trying to track down a long ball .
Grand Blanc ( 22-2-4 ) got the better of Ford for the last 10 minutes of the first half .
With two minutes remaining before halftime , Grand Blanc forward Jenna Blackburn received a perfect through ball but sent a shot just wide with Boutorwick charging off the goal line to contest the shot . It was one of few chances for Grand Blanc in the first half but the best chance for either team .
Kehler credits a tactical change for Grand Blanc 's offense in the second half .
`` We held a couple people back and went with some outside midfielders in the second half , more of a 4-2-3-1 formation , '' Kehler said . `` That helped because it got them out of the middle and stretched them out , then we were able to play inside when their outside midfielders had to come out and defend . ''
Ford has dealt with major injuries and personality conflicts all season , plus the passing of coach Teresa Steinwascher 's father . Over a 20-practice span , Steinwascher was only able to make four . She 's proud their team was able to come together in the latter half of the season and make it to the semifinals .
“ They came in as a bunch of individuals and walked away as Ford soccer , and that 's on them and not on me , '' Steinwascher said . `` I was n't there a large portion of the time , so I was extremely proud of the way they picked it up . They became self-directed learners and said ‘ Let 's make this team our team and not have to rely on someone else to lead us . ' ''
Eric Coughlin is a freelance writer .
Twitter : @ EricCoughlin1
Soccer semifinals results
Division 1
Wednesday
Grand Blanc 2 , Utica Ford 1
Grand Rapids Forest Hills Central 1 , Saline 0
Final : 4 p.m Saturday , Williamston High
Division 2
Tuesday
Grand Rapids Forest Hills Northern 4 , Holland Christian 1
Birmingham Marian 2 , Linden 0
Final : 4 p.m. Friday , Williamston High
Division 3
Tuesday
Freeland 3 , Hudsonville Unity Christian 2
Flint Powers 2 , Macomb Lutheran North 1
Final : 1 p.m. Friday , Williamston High
Division 4
Wednesday
Kalamazoo Christian 2 , Muskegon Catholic Central 0
Lansing Christian 2 , Grosse Pointe Woods University Liggett 0
Final : 1 p.m. Saturday , Williamston High
Their success — Dermott 's through 10 games and Holl 's after two — is a true shot of adrenalin through the Maple Leafs system .
“ Wherever you can get better , you get better . You do n't look at your record . You ask : How can we improve ? ”
“ You never change your thinking as far as making your team better , ” said the Maple Leafs GM . “ What Travis has done , and what Holl has done , is indicative of depth , where you feel good about what 's coming and it gives you a different perspective .
It does n't change anything , they say , when it comes to adding veteran help before the Feb. 26 trade deadline .
BOSTON—The smile on Lou Lamoriello 's face — which lit up when the conversation turned to Travis Dermott and Justin Holl — should not be taken for anything other than true happiness for young players who are capitalizing on their shot at the NHL dream .
Holl is the first defenceman in club history to score in their first two NHL games . If they score Saturday , he 'll be the first rookie defenceman in the NHL to score in their first three games .
“ Naturally you feel proud , but the credit given is to ( Marlies GM ) Kyle Dubas and the scouting staff , ( assistant GM ) Mark Hunter , ( Marlies coach ) Sheldon Keefe and their staff and the job they do . ”
“ It just motivates all the players who are in the minors , ” said Lamoriello . “ Really , it 's not ‘ minors . ' It 's the development process , and it 's great to see . Most deserving . Both have earned their right to be here and they 're getting their chance .
Dermott , meanwhile , seems to be only getting better and more confident with each outing , while Kasperi Kapanen has injected speed among the forwards .
“ Kapanen has been up a number of times and was real important for us last year in the playoffs . I think it looks like he 's an NHL player . It looks to me like he 's bringing it every day , ” said Leafs coach Mike Babcock . “ Dermott seems to be getting better and better each game . Their skill set , their thinking , they can really move the puck , they can skate . Their ability to sort it out in our end is what is going to be measured over time , especially in the games where the other team plays heavy and it wears on you , so that 's just a matter of time .
“ I thought Holl did a real good job in exhibition this year . I thought they played strong . He 's done a good job in the American league and earned an opportunity . ”
It has created an internal competition , with the Marlies pushing NHL veterans . Matt Martin has been a healthy scratch , and it will be hard for Babcock to reinsert Roman Polak even when they are healthy again .
“ We 're trying to have as deep an organization as we can , and we want to bring the kids up when they 're ready , ” said Babcock . “ A lot of times in the National Hockey League we get them here before they 're ready , and they 've got no confidence and then we 're not happy with them .
“ If you get them here when they 're overripe , they 've got a better chance of staying and being confident players and scoring . That 's what we 're trying to do the best we possibly can , so the more depth the better . “
No question there 's a feel-good , pat-yourself-on-the-back attitude spreading among the Leafs front office which has turned the fortunes of the club around in very short order , considering where it was as recently as two years ago .
They 're on a four-game winning streak , with young players taking a leadership role and recent call-ups seemingly making the team better with speed , skill and a surprising level of confidence .
The Leafs will have some roster decisions to make soon , when Morgan Rielly ( upper body ) and Ron Hainsey ( flu ) return , quite possibly as early as Saturday against the Bruins . But the success of Dermott and Holl has changed the conversation about the strength of the blue line . There 's a depth that had n't truly been seen before .
Still , the thinking is the Leafs will need help at the trade deadline — more veterans sprinkled through the lineup , especially on the blue line . If an elite defenceman with a right-handed shot happens to drop out of the sky , all the better .
Lamoriello 's key deadline move last year — bringing in Brian Boyle — was deemed a success . It solidified the fourth line and the veteran brought a calming presence to a young team that seemed to be developing the yips as it pursued a playoff spot .
“ We were able to get Brian , and they brought something into our lineup much like what Patrick Marleau and Ron Hainsey and Dominic Moore and Roman Polak have brought : seasoned veterans who have been in situations where they know what it is to win , they know what it is to get through rounds and how difficult it is , ” said Lamoriello . “ Anything you can do , if you bring in a certain experienced player who , most importantly , can play . ”
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session .
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session .
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney , saying an ABC television special on the singer 's last days infringed on its intellectual property .
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney , saying an ABC television special on the singer 's last days infringed on its intellectual property .
Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , their mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , their mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged .
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged .
( AP Photo/Alex Brandon ) . Dr. Balu Natarajan , right , from Hinsdale , Ill. , poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan , 12 , as they look at Dr. Natarajan 's winning word , at the Scripps National Spelling Bee , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , in Oxon Hill ...
( AP Photo/Alex Brandon ) . Dr. Balu Natarajan , right , from Hinsdale , Ill. , poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan , 12 , as they look at Dr. Natarajan 's winning word , at the Scripps National Spelling Bee , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , in Oxon Hill ...
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders .
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders .
The head of Oregon 's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state 's third-largest city warning residents to `` Prepare for Action '' .
The head of Oregon 's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state 's third-largest city warning residents to `` Prepare for ...
( AP Photo/Tom James ) . Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem , Ore. , late Tuesday May 29 , 2018 , after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom . The head of Oregon 's ...
( AP Photo/Tom James ) . Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem , Ore. , late Tuesday May 29 , 2018 , after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom . The head of Oregon 's ...
Eric Greitens ' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office , but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers .
Eric Greitens ' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office , but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers .
( AP Photo/Charlie Riedel , File ) . FILE - In this Aug. 17 , 2017 , file photo , Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens , left , talks to Lt. Gov . Mike Parson during the Governor 's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia , Mo . Greitens abruptly announced theirs r ...
( AP Photo/Charlie Riedel , File ) . FILE - In this Aug. 17 , 2017 , file photo , Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens , left , talks to Lt. Gov . Mike Parson during the Governor 's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia , Mo . Greitens abruptly announced theirs r ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
Poll : More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll : More young people say politicians care what they think
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection , still raising possible flood threat .
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection , still raising possible flood threat .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
( Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP ) . Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach , Fla .
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday , saying a two-hour documentary on the singer 's last days improperly used the King of Pop 's songs , music videos and movies .
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week 's special , `` The Last Days of Michael Jackson , '' illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs , including `` Billie Jean '' and `` Bad , '' and music videos , including `` Thriller '' and `` Black or White . ''
It also says ABC used clips from the estate 's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary , `` Michael Jackson 's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall , '' and from the 2009 feature film `` Michael Jackson 's This is It . ''
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate 's intellectual property .
It frequently cites Disney 's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of `` fair use , '' the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news , criticism and research .
`` Like Disney , the lifeblood of the estate 's business is its intellectual property , '' the lawsuit says . `` Yet for some reason , Disney decided it could just use the estate 's most valuable intellectual property for free . ''
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment . But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week , the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that `` does not infringe on their estate 's rights . ''
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to .
As a work of news , the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson 's work , but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value , calling it `` a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson 's life and entertainment career . ''
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered .
The special focused on Jackson 's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25 , 2009 . The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children .
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol , a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts .
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug . They served two years in jail , and their conviction was upheld in 2014 .
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Reese Witherspoon , one of the most powerful and bankable stars in Hollywood , owns no fewer than four properties in their hometown of Nashville but , aiming to lighten that real estate load , she 's listed the largest of the four with a $ 4.4 million price tag .
The 2006 Oscar winner , who took home an Emmy this year for the HBO series “ Big Little Lies , ” purchased the almost 1.75-acre estate in 2014 for $ 3.3 million . Fronted by a quintessentially Southern , column-supported porch , the brick-built main residence measures in at nearly 11,000 square feet with seven bedrooms and eight full and two half bathrooms . A self-contained poolside guesthouse includes two more bedrooms and three bathrooms plus an open-plan living/dining room and high-end kitchen .
Grandly proportioned and comfortably appointed interiors include a double-height foyer with curved staircase , formal living and dining rooms and a cavernous combination eat-in kitchen and family room with a stacked-stone fireplace under a vaulted and beamed ceiling . There 's also a well-stocked gym and a sprawling master suite replete with fireplace , private terrace , lavish bathroom and fitted walk-in closet as well as a dressing room with lighted , full-length mirror . The back of the house opens to a dining and lounging veranda with an outdoor kitchen and a semicircular spa next to an outdoor fireplace . A swimming pool sits between the main and guest houses and , behind the guesthouse , there 's a grassy yard and kitchen garden with raised planting beds .
Witherspoon and their high-powered talent-agent husband Jim Toth have further Nashville holdings that include a stately 1930s white-brick residence on six-and-a-half pastoral acres about 10 miles south of downtown they scooped up in 2014 for almost $ 2 million . In in Los Angeles , they bunk down in a more than 10,000-square-foot mansion hidden behind a high wall and mature trees on a prestigious Pacific Palisades street ; they picked up that property in an off-market 2014 deal for a smidgen more than $ 12.7 million .
listing photos : Keller Williams
Live Panel Discussions : shows that raise eyebrows , pique interest and spark debate This season , our Live Panel Discussions focus on the shows SHOWstudio deems the most relevant and conversation-worthy . Lou Stoppard and Finn McTaggart will chair panels alongside industry experts . Our panels this season will be streamed regularly at 11:00 or 17:00 BST . See our schedules for each city below :
London
Charles Jeffrey LOVERBOY Saturday , 10 June , at 17:00 BST
Topic : Young London . How has the city 's longstanding interplay between club culture and fashion shaped new designers ?
Panelists :
Finn McTaggart , SHOWstudio editor
Lyall Hakaraia , mentor and creative maverick
Princess Julia , DJ and writer
Willie Walters , professor
Richard Mortimer , editor
See what the panelists had to say about Charles Jeffery in the live panel discussion here
Pitti Uomo
JW Anderson Thursday , 15 June , at 11:00 BST
Topic : Art and Fashion . Off the back of Anderson 's Disobedient Bodies exhibition at The Hepworth Wakefield , we discuss the 'designer as curator ' .
Panelists :
Finn McTaggart , SHOWstudio editor
Mimma Viglezio , creative consultant
Amnah Hazef
Do n't forget to catch up and learn more about the designer by watching our exclusive In Fashion interview with Anderson , in preparation for the panel .
Milan
Dolce & Gabanna Saturday , 17 June , at 17:00 BST
Topic : Social media and the rise of the ‘ influencers ' . Students weigh in on fashion 's new relationship with celebrity .
Panelists :
Lou Stoppard , SHOWstudio editor
And a selection of students
Prada Sunday 18 June , at 17:00 BST
Topic : This year , Prada staged their first fashion show dedicated to Cruise . This panel focuses on the changing business models dominating fashion . Panelists : Lou Stoppard , SHOWstudio editor Mimma Viglezio , creative consultant Karinna Nobbs , academic
Paris
Walter Van Beirendonck Wednesday , 21 June , at 17:00 BST
Topic : This discussion considers how gay culture has impacted , shaped and changed fashion .
Panelists :
Finn McTaggart , SHOWstudio editor
And a selection of industry experts
In anticipation of this panel discussion be sure to re-watch 'Crossed Crocodiles Growl ' , the fashion film created by Beirendonck
Comme Des Garcons Homme Friday , 23 June , at 17:00 BST
Topic : To time with the Met 's current show , The Art of the In-Between , this panel looks at the cult of Comme .
Panelists :
Finn McTaggart , SHOWstudio editor
Jeffrey Horsely , curator
And a selection of industry experts
Hear more from Comme founder Rei Kawakubo in their interview alongside Nick Knight as part of 'The Power of Witches '
New York
Raf Simons : TBC
Topic : The designer as a creative director . This panel considers the role a designer can play in changing and shaping a brand , in this case , Calvin Klein .
Panelists :
Lou Stoppard , SHOWstudio editor
And a selection of industry experts
While you wait for the panels , head to our Collections page to stay up to date with what menswear is offering for S/S 18 !
Related Projects
Nasrullah Pora
All Parties Hurriyet Conference ( APHC ) leaders Mohammad Yousuf Naqash , Bilal Ahmad Siddiqui and Hakeem Abdul Rashid today visited the residences of martyrs Sameer Wani of Khan Sahib , Javaid Ahmad Dar of Wadwan and Javaid Ahmad Mir of Nasrullah Pora , Budgam district , and expressed solidarity with the bereaved families .
The leaders on the occasion reiterated to continue the mission of martyrs and said that their sacrifices would not go waste . They urged the parents of the martyrs to exhibit patience and assured them that the mission for which their loved ones laid down their lives would be accomplished at any cost . They said the world community is duty-bound to help settle the lingering Kashmir dispute so that peace could be established in the region . Meanwhile , Hurriyet , Shabbir Ahmed Dar in a statement in Srinagar condemned the arrest of JKLF Chairman , Mohammed Yasin Malik and senior Hurriyet leader , Masarat Aalam Butt and said that the freedom sentiment of the people of Kashmir.—KMS
FILE - In this Monday , April 3 , 2017 file photo , Giulio , left , and Paola Regeni , the parents of Giulio Regeni , an Italian graduate student tortured to death in Egypt , shows a picture of a murales depicting their son as they meet the media during a press conference in Rome . ABCnews 11:28:00 PM CEST
NEWS & VIEWS
Mohammad Jamil
KASHMIRI American and Pakistani American community had organized a Free Indian Kashmir rally on 30th January 2018 . A large number of Kashmiri and Pakistani Americans participated in the rally , which started from Brookfield Plaza , Springfield Virginia after speeches by prominent community leaders . Rallies in three groups , consisting of cabs and private vehicles bearing Free Indian Occupied Kashmir bill board on tops and posters/logos on sides and backs , protested on prominent roads and avenues of Virginia and Washington DC . They held protest demonstration in front of Indian Embassy in Washington DC against India 's illegal occupation of Kashmir . In London also , Kashmiri diaspora held protest demonstrations on India 's Republic Day , and are poised to observe Kashmir Solidarity Day . There is a new factor in the protests , as Sikhs , and people from Nagaland and other minorities that are subjected to oppression have started joining the protest demonstrations and rallies to expose so-called secular India .
Pakistani-origin British MP Lord Nazir Ahmed led the protest demonstration in London on India 's Republic Day ; Sikh Khalistanis , residents of Nagaland and Manipur and minorities also joined the protest . Billboard vans with messages such as “ India Leave Kashmir : Free Kashmir ” , “ Khalistan Zindabad ” and “ 70 Years of Indian Brutality ” were seen in London during the demonstrations . President of the Council of Khalistan Amrik Singh Sahota , OBE , said the international community – including the Commonwealth – should hold Narendra Modi responsible for their country 's despicable record on human rights . “ As a country that formally rejects the right of self-determination ( enshrined in international law as Article 1 of the 1966 Covenants on Human Rights ) , the role of responsible international bodies was to punish , not , reward India , ” they said , adding that the conflicts arising from that illegal occupation had led to hundreds of thousands of deaths and untold misery .
Dr. Mukul Hazarika of Assam Watch ( UK ) said : “ India must return the sovereign status of the shackled deserving nations vis-a-vis the Kashmiris , Khalistanis and other nationalities like people of Nagaland. ” Kashmiris are indeed the worst sufferers , as Indian army 's atrocities on the people of Kashmir , and their murder , rape and fake encounters have turned Kashmir – a paradise on earth – into a hell that would stretch Dante 's imagination . Anyhow , after staging demonstrations on Indian Republic Day , Kashmiris in Indian occupied Kashmir , Azad Kashmir and Kashmiri diaspora in the US and European countries are gearing up to take out rallies on Kashmir Solidarity Day on 5the February 2018 to tell the world about India 's atrocities on the people of Kashmir and to appeal to the conscience of international community to wean off the apathy and force India to implement UNSC resolutions .
Kashmiris have suffered death and destruction unparalleled in the history , first during Dogra Raj , and then faced murder , rape and killing at the hands of Indian armed forces . Frustrated by the apathy of the international community and non-implementation of United Nations Security Council resolutions , Kashmiri youth took up the arms in 1989 . However , after 9/11 political landscape of the world changed dramatically , adversely impacting the freedom struggles of the people the world over who were dubbed as terrorists . Nevertheless , writers , intellectuals and peace loving people condemned India 's repression on people of Kashmir and also for treating them as second class citizens . Renowned Indian novelist and political activist Arundhati Roy once again made a strong case for Kashmiri people 's right to self-determination before American audience on 12th November 2011 . “ I think that the people of Kashmir have the right to self- determination , ” they said in the course of a discussion on ‘ Kashmir ' .
Having that said , the big powers should understand the gravity of the situation and help resolve the Kashmir issue as both countries are nuclear states . However , it does not look like if they will do it because only when public protest fits into the geopolitical designs of the US and the West that they declare it a popular movement and honour it with the award of a colour label . The orange revolution of Ukraine , the rose revolution of Georgia , the cidar revolution of Lebanon and much earlier velvet revolution of Czechoslovakia would pale before the Kashmiris ' movement for their freedom , yet those countries were given colors by the colour-blind big powers . It has to be mentioned that in none of the above cases there was a UN mandate whereas Kashmiris have been given their inalienable right of self-determination by the UN in 1948 and 5th January 1949 .
It is because of India 's intransigence that no progress could be made during the scores of dialogues between the two countries including composite dialogue that started in 2004 and stalled after 2008 Mumbai attacks . India claims to be a peaceful country but its leaders ' conduct has been contrary to its vows ; however , since Prime Minister Narendra Modi is at the helm , ceasefire violations on the Line of Control and working boundary has become a matter of routine . In a recent report published by ‘ Times of India ' , the Indian Border Security Forces ( BSF ) have claimed of firing over 9000 rounds of mortar shells across the international border in Jammu . In the first two weeks of January 2018 , the Indian forces carried out more than 100 ceasefire violations along the LoC and the working boundary ; whereas last year , Indian forces had committed about 1,900 ceasefire violations , according to the Pakistani Foreign Ministry .
—The writer is a senior journalist based in Lahore .
Fox Networks Group and AT & T have reached a deal to add 14 Fox affiliate stations to DirecTV Now . The deal brings the number of Fox affiliates available on the AT & T-owned live-TV streaming service to 31 .
The agreement covers Tribune Media-owned stations in markets including Denver , San Diego , and Seattle . Local stations were made available in those and other markets beginning Monday . They join 17 Fox-owned-and-operated stations already available on the service .
Fox has been moving forward on negotiations with digital providers of so-called “ skinny bundles ” — pay-TV packages delivered via broadband rather than a traditional cable or satellite system — crafting deals that its affiliates can then opt into . With affiliate meetings scheduled for next week 's National Association of Broadcaster Show in Las Vegas , the Big Four are putting a greater emphasis on making sure that their programming is available on the new MVPD alternatives .
Local television has been a major sticking point for many of the new skinny bundles that have entered the marketplace as competitors to traditional MVPDs . Google limited the launch of its YouTube TV initiative last month to the New York , Los Angeles , San Francisco , Chicago , and Philadelphia markets , where it had secured rights to local ABC , CBS , Fox , and NBC station feeds . In January , Dish Network 's Sling TV unveiled a new device , AirTV that would allow users to add local broadcast stations into their guide using an over-the-air antenna .
“ We 're excited about the power of DirecTV Now to expand the premium TV marketplace and provide greater access to our programming nationwide , ” said Mike Biard , president of distribution for Fox Networks Group . “ Today 's addition of 14 Fox-affiliated stations , and the others that will be launching soon , together with our portfolio of national and regional cable networks , will allow DirecTV Now to deliver the full experience of our industry-leading news , entertainment and sports brands , while affording consumers the convenience and flexibility to watch whenever and wherever they want . ”
“ Significantly more customers now have access to local programing on DirecTV Now through Fox affiliates in cities across America , ” said Dan York , chief content officer for AT & T . “ We are continuing to expand our lineup of local , regional and national programming on DirecTV Now so our customers have access to an impressive lineup at a great value . ”
Among the other Tribune-owned stations covered under Fox 's new DirecTV Now deal are Cleveland ; Grand Rapids , Mich. ; Greensboro , N.C. ; Harrisburg , Pa. ; Hartford , Conn. ; Indianapolis ; Kansas City ; Milwaukee ; Sacramento ; Salt Lake City ; and St. Louis .
Jay Cutler scans the field and buys time in the pocket to find Jarvis Landry standing alone for their second touchdown catch of the game . ( 0:31 )
MIAMI GARDENS , Fla. -- There was a time in the 1970s and '80s when the Miami Dolphins were a consistently great franchise . Hall of Famers such as quarterback Dan Marino and tailback Larry Csonka were among the most recognizable players and Miami was one of the league 's marquee teams .
On a night when Miami donned its throwback uniforms and honored many of its great players from the past , the Dolphins produced a throwback performance in a 27-20 upset victory over the New England Patriots . This was by far the Dolphins ' most impressive win of the season , which has otherwise been filled with distractions and inconsistency .
One has to wonder if the defending Super Bowl champion Patriots ( 10-3 ) were thinking ahead to next week 's matchup against the Pittsburgh Steelers ( 11-2 ) that could determine home-field advantage for the AFC playoffs . It also did not help New England that All-Pro tight end Rob Gronkowski served their one-game suspension for a late hit last week against the Buffalo Bills .
NFL Playoff Machine See what the latest playoff picture looks like and simulate your own playoff scenarios .
NFL Playoff Machine
New England looked lethargic for three quarters against Miami ( 6-7 ) , which in contrast was energized and treated Monday 's contest like its personal Super Bowl . The Dolphins improved to 1-3 in prime-time games this season after being outscored 112-45 in the three prior night games .
In an unexpected occurrence , Miami quarterback Jay Cutler significantly outperformed Patriots counterpart and future Hall of Famer Tom Brady . Cutler was the cooler , more effective quarterback and handled a Patriots defense that 's played well in recent weeks . They threw for 263 yards , three touchdowns and had a 112.1 passer rating .
Meanwhile , the Dolphins ' defense rattled Brady early and often . They did not complete their first pass until the second quarter and threw a pair of interceptions to Miami cornerback Xavien Howard , who now has four interceptions in the past two games . Brady , who has had rough games in South Florida in the past , finished with 233 passing yards , one touchdown and two interceptions . They had a 59.5 passer rating .
With two straight wins , the Dolphins quietly placed themselves back in the playoff hunt . Miami , which is one game below .500 , has an important road game next week against the Buffalo Bills ( 7-6 ) , who currently hold the final wild-card spot in the AFC . The Dolphins will play the Bills twice in the final three weeks of the season .
Bill Morrison began having a delightfully Mad time of things one year ago this month , when they officially began their tenure at the legendary magazine . And since early this year , Morrison has begun to deploy their own sensibility to guide the comedy institution , as its first new top editor since the 1980s . For roughly half of the six-decade-plus life span of Mad magazine , John Ficarra steered the ship manned by the “ Usual Gang of Idiots , ” including such rock-star artists as Al Jaffee , Sergio Aragones and Mort Drucker . But as Mad recently moved to California from its longtime New York home , Morrison — who co-founded Bongo Comics in Southern California with three fellow executives , including The Simpsons creator Matt Groening — took over amid the larger range of changes .
Mad mascot Alfred E. Neuman will take shots at celebrities . ( Mad Magazine )
Even in new digs , Morrison , who is also president of the National Cartoonists Society , appreciates the historic magazine 's irreverent sense of itself , honed over nearly seven decades . “ Mad 's mission has always been to shove our culture in front of a funhouse mirror and say , ‘ Hey , everyone , take a look at how ridiculous this is ! ' ” Morrison says . “ We do n't feel a need to change that . “ We look at what 's going on in the world , from politics to entertainment to fads , and when we see something that deserves ridicule we go to work . ”
Article Continued Below
In a preview of the cover exclusive — the issue will hit digital and physical shelves in August — a spoof of the whack-a-mole arcade game includes the heads of Roseanne Barr , Bill Cosby , U.S. President Donald Trump and Harvey Weinstein . “ We wanted to come up with a ‘ summer fun ' cover and looked to things like beach parties , county fairs and amusement arcades for inspiration , ” Morrison says of the cover illustrated by Mark Fredrickson . “ Art director Suzy Hutchinson thought an image of ( Mad mascot ) Alfred playing whack-a-mole would be fun and mocked up a surreal cover of Alfred whacking mini-versions of himself .
Article Continued Below
“ Then , ” the editor says , “ we turned on the news and decided that taking a whack at some notorious celebrities would be not only fun , but therapeutic. ” Part of Morrison 's mandate is to expand the reach of the magazine , a one-time staple of baby boomer adolescence that reached a peak print circulation of more than 2 million during the Watergate era . “ Our main goal is to broaden the readership , and reach age and gender groups that do n't currently read Mad , ” Morrison says . “ We 're making editorial choices designed to attract millennials and women , but without alienating our base readership . “ Also , our new ‘ Usual Gang of Idiots ' have built careers in new media and as we expand Mad 's presence in the digital space — with more original content on our blog , the launch of our official Mad Twitch channel and a Mad podcast — we 're carrying Mad 's voice beyond print , ” the editor says . ( Mad says it does not make current digital and print readership numbers available . ) A half-year into their editorship , Morrison is cheekily optimistic . “ To use another summer metaphor : now that we 're finishing the third issue , I feel like we 're still in the deep end of the pool , but now we 're swimming along nicely , ” they say . “ True , we 're hanging on to big foam noodles , but only because they 're funny . ”
French venture capital firm ISAI just raised a new $ 175 million fund ( €150 million ) called ISAI Expansion II . This fund is designed for later stage investments .
The firm says that it managed to raise this fund in less than three months . This is a growth fund and the team plans to invest between $ 6 million and $ 35 million per deal ( between €5 million and €30 million ) .
ISAI first started with a seed fund back in 2010 . The company raised a $ 41 million fund ( €35 million ) and invested in BlaBlaCar shortly after that . The firm has raised a growth fund and another seed fund since then .
If you include today 's new fund , ISAI has raised over $ 350 million in total ( €300 million ) . So ISAI Expansion II is by far the biggest fund to date .
Limited partners include dozens of successful tech entrepreneurs as well as institutional partners . Many existing investors invested once again in ISAI 's new fund . Some entrepreneurs joined the list for the first time .
With the previous ISAI Expansion fund , the firm invested in nine companies over five years . And ISAI already sold its shares in two companies , Hospimedia and Labelium .
ISAI also says that it can help entrepreneurs using owner buy-out transactions . By creating a holding company , this type of operations lets entrepreneurs cash out , buy shares from existing minor investors and work with a new investor .
More interestingly , ISAI does n't necessarily want to focus on Paris-based tech startups . The firm is also looking for investments in more traditional companies that are n't yet taking advantage of digital opportunities .
WASHINGTON — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives , U.S. President Donald Trump 's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others .
At a time when Trump finds themselves embattled on many fronts , the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president 's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of their base . Leaders of that constituency were exultant .
`` President Trump is demonstrating their commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom , '' said Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council .
Liberal advocacy groups , including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights , were outraged .
`` The Trump administration is saying to employers , 'If you want to discriminate , we have your back , ' '' said Fatima Goss Graves , president of National Women 's Law Center .
Them organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court . The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued .
`` The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their bosses ' religious beliefs , '' said ACLU senior staff lawyer Brigitte Amiri . `` We 're filing this lawsuit because the federal government can not authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise . ''
Xavier Becerra , the Democratic attorney general of California , said they planned to file a similar lawsuit as soon as feasible . Other Democratic attorneys general said they were mulling the same step .
Both directives had been in the works for months , with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details .
The religious-liberty directive , issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions , instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated . The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held .
Firm gets jobs cash , then lays off staff , Feb. 1
This is a perfect example of why trickle-down economies do n't work . It 's corporate welfare . The company takes the cash and runs , laying off staff and stashing the money instead .
If the government had instead increased payments to seniors , the disabled , welfare recipients and increased minimum wage , putting the money where it 's needed most , then the money would have gone straight back into the economy , stimulating it .
Trickle down does n't work , trickle up does .
M. Schooff , Chatham , Ont .
Snapchat is teaming up with The Pokémon Company to introduce a new Pikachu filter to the app . The official Pikachu filter applies the electric mouse 's trademark rosy cheeks , pointy ears , black nose and big eyes to faces in the app , and when users open their mouth the iconic Pikachu cry rings out as an animated version of the characters leaps into frame .
The Pikachu filter is a pretty perfect tie-in for Snapchat , which aims at a demographic that is already pretty gaga for the most recognizable of Nintendo 's pocket monsters . Plus , Snapchat could use some brand juice , and Pokémon and Pikachu have proven to offer that for a lot of other platforms , including any of Nintendo 's hardware consoles and even AR via Pokémon Go .
PikachuLensGif PikachuLens1 PikachuLens2 PikachuLens3 PikachuLens4 View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
Snapchat 's Pikachu filter is a limited run option , so if you want to capture yourself looking like Ash 's best pal you 'd better get on it . The best strategy is probably to stockpile a wide range of selfies of yourself as Pika so you have one for every possible emotional response you can possibly make .
Will Snapchat Pika reach the lofty heights of Dancing Hot Dog ? Only time will tell .
PanARMENIAN.Net - A German electronic band is to give the first concert by a Western pop group in Iran since the Revolution in 1979 , Daily Sabah reports .
Christopher von Deylen and their band Schiller are to give a total of five concerts in the capital Tehran , according to the newspaper Tehran Times .
The first two concerts , on Monday and Tuesday ( Dec. 11 and 12 ) , have sold out , according to the Iranian music website Ritmenom , which is staging the concerts . Tickets for the remaining three concerts have also sold well .
Schiller has been popular among Iranian fans of European electronic music for years , but Western music is frowned upon by Iran 's clerics , who regard it as a part of conspiracy of `` cultural invasion '' against the country .
A 2008 attempt by Iranian music company TS to put on a concert in Tehran by Irish singer Chris de Burgh was called off at the last minute after the clerics vetoed it , despite TS having obtained a permit from the Ministry of Culture .
But under the moderate President Hassan Rowhani , who was re-elected earlier this year , the role of Islam has played a less prominent role in politics , as well as in society and culture .
More than 50 years into their career there is n't much the members of the Grateful Dead have n't done , but Bob Weir and Phil Lesh can cross one more thing off of their bucket list : The two will embark upon their first-ever tour as a duo , according to Relix . The two founding members will play a short series of two-night runs in March , beginning at New York 's Radio Music Music Hall and continuing with dates at Boston 's Wang Center and Chicago 's Chicago Theatre . The absence of dates in the band 's home state of California suggests that more may be added . Weir announced the tour Sunday on SiriusXM 's “ Tales From the Golden Road ” show . Weir said they expected guests to join the pair on the tour .
Those weeks will be exceptionally busy for Weir , as the three Dead and Company dates that were postponed last week due to John Mayer 's emergency appendectomy have been rescheduled for Feb. 24 , 26 and 27 .
The pair have played together occasionally since the Dead 's “ Fare Thee Well ” shows in 2015 , but have generally focused on Dead and Company ( for Weir ) and Lesh 's Terrapin Family Band , which has dates scheduled in February and later in March . These shows , however , will makr the first time in the band 's history that the two have performed as a duo .
Bob Weir & Phil Lesh Tour Dates :
March 2 New York , NY – Radio City Music Hall
March 3 New York , NY – Radio City Music Hall
March 7 Boston , MA – Wang Theatre
March 8 Boston , MA – Wang Theatre
March 10 Chicago , IL – Chicago Theatre
March 11 Chicago , IL – Chicago Theatre
5 underrated bowlers in cricket at the moment
Some of these underrated bowlers often play in the shadow of a superstar , who takes away all the attention .
@ KrishSripada by Krishna Sripada Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017 , 19:21 IST
Hazlewood is in the same mould as Glenn McGrath
Sport throws up many paradoxes . One of the most common ones is the way players are stereotyped or branded . Once an image is created , it is very difficult to shrug away the impression of a player among the audience . Given how much modern day sports is driven by statistics , it is surprising that impressions play such a massive role . After all , the worth of the bowler can easily be decided by looking at their numbers over a decent period of time – numbers like economy rate in ODIs and bowling average in Tests .
Nevertheless , some bowlers go under the radar for some weird reason . This could be because of several reasons . Some of these underrated bowlers often play in the shadow of a superstar , who takes away all the attention . That is not very different from what happened to selfless batsmen like Rahul Dravid , sandwiched between players like Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar .
Another reason is the bowler 's style of bowling which could be in contrast to their team 's most dominant style – a workhorse pace bowler like Ishant Sharma in a spin-heavy bowling attack , for example . It could also be because of the team 's fortunes in international cricket . Here , we look at some of world cricket 's most underrated bowlers – bowlers who deserve mentions more often than they get !
# 1 Josh Hazlewood
All of 26 years , Hazelwood is already an important cog in the new-look Australia team . The New South Wales bowler is a Glenn McGrath clone - consistent , accurate and hit-the-deck-let-the-seam-do-the-rest type of bowler . Hazlewood is generally overshadowed by the fast , left-arm quick Mitchell Starc and generally does n't get their due .
Nevertheless , Hazlewood is seventh on the list of the most prolific wicket-takers in Test cricket in the last three years . They have 109 wickets in 26 Tests at an incredible 24.78 with four five wicket-hauls . During the same time , Starc has 102 wickets in 22 Tests at 26.15 .
Another man just as underrated is Hazlewood 's teammate Nathan Lyon who has 122 wickets in 32 Tests , sixth highest in the last three years . Yet , Lyon 's place in the team is perpetually under threat . Hazlewood has 42 wickets in 10 Tests at 25.9 in the last 12 months , seventh highest , showing their consistency in the whites .
Lyon has 36 wickets in 10 Tests albeit at a much higher average . Hazlewood also has 54 wickets in 33 ODI matches in the last three years at an average of 24.77 and a measly economy of 4.64 , with 28 wickets in 18 games in the last 12 months at the same economy , 0.1 less than Starc 's 4.74 . Impressed already ?
A former head teacher who engaged in sexual activity at the school and swindled more than £100,000 from their accounts has been jailed .
James Stewart , former principal of Sawtry Community College , was sentenced to four years after they admitted four counts of fraud , two counts of aiding and abetting fraud and one count of misconduct in public office relating to their time at the school , which also include drinking on the premises and leaving during the day to attend horse racing .
Former Sawtry School head James Stewart arrives at court for sentencing. , Law Courts , Huntingdon 06/10/2017 . Picture by Terry Harris . THA
Their office was described in court as “ like a sex dungeon . ”
The former vice principal , Alan Stevens ( 64 ) of Sapperton , Werrington , has also pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud .
They were sentenced to 24 weeks suspended for 12 months with 80 hours of unpaid work at the same hearing at Huntingdon Crown Court today ( Friday ) .
Stewart ( 72 ) of Kimbolton Road , Bedford , who had been principal of the college for almost 30 years and had overseen its move away from being a local authority school into an academy in February 2012 , resigned on July 1 .
Former Vice head Alan Stevens arrives at court for sentencing. , Law Courts , Huntingdon 06/10/2017 . Picture by Terry Harris . THA
The charges relate to a period of time between August 2011 and August 2014 and are linked to : .
- Regularly engaging in sexual activity with another adult on school premises during school hours within parts of their office adapted for such purpose .
- Regularly drinking alcoholic beverages on school premises during school hours to such an extent as to affect their ability to manage the academy to the highest standards to be expected as a public officer .
- Regularly and frequently preventing others access to them while on the school premises by locking themselves away in their office for long periods and absenting themselves from school premises during school hours for purposes other than to do with the good management of the school i.e . habitually arriving at school late , habitually leaving school early , visiting horse races and going on personal ski trips abroad .
They also pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud which included :
- Fraud for expenses claims to a value of £37,000 .
- Fraud for expenses to a value of £47,500 .
- Aiding and abetting Stevens in fraud ( relating to Stevens ' expenses ) .
- Fraud - relating to the charge cards to a value of £10,537 .
- Fraud - relating to the direct debit payments to a value of £6,400 .
The school is now called Sawtry Academy and has since been taken over by the Cambridge Meridian Academies Trust which is launching a campaign to “ put right the crimes of the past and invest in the future of the school . ”
After the men pleaded guilty in August , the trust 's chair Shirley Jamieson said : “ Not only has the school lost significant sums of money as a result of these behaviours but the absence of leadership during this period means that we are still trying to catch up on years of under investment in its building condition . “ For far too long , because of the conduct of the school 's former leaders , our students , staff and community have had to put up with shoddy buildings that are not fit for use . ”
Less than a year before the 14 June 2017 blaze that killed at least 12 people inside the Grenfell Tower in London , fire safety policies at the high-rise apartment building had reportedly been placed under review .
A group reputedly comprised of area residents had been criticizing KCTMO 's management since 2013 , publishing various blog posts saying that the building would suffer a disaster if the company did not take action . In its latest post , published after the blaze , the Grenfell Action Group offered condolences to the deceased and their loved ones but added :
ALL OUR WARNINGS FELL ON DEAF EARS and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time .
Records show the Kensington and Chelsea Tenants Management Organisation ( KCTMO ) agreed to consider a number of safety improvements after its 24 November 2016 meeting , including “ further work to address the issue of storage and charging of mobility scooters within communal areas , ” as well as adopting “ a more coordinated approach with the various agencies involved with hoarders ” and installing Fire Action signs “ in the communal entrance
lobbies of all blocks . ”
However , even as the management group expressed support for improvements in November 2016 , the Grenfell Action Group published a blog post calling Black 's company an “ evil , unprincipled , mini-mafia ” exposing residents to “ dangerous living conditions. ” The post stated :
It is our conviction that a serious fire in a tower block or similar high density residential property is the most likely reason that those who wield power at the KCTMO will be found out and brought to justice ! The Grenfell Action Group believe that the KCTMO narrowly averted a major fire disaster at Grenfell Tower in 2013 when residents experienced a period of terrifying power surges that were subsequently found to have been caused by faulty wiring . We believe that our attempts to highlight the seriousness of this event were covered up by the KCTMO with the help of the RBKC Scrutiny Committee who refused to investigate the legitimate concerns of tenants and leaseholders .
As of press time , 12 people were confirmed dead because of the fire and another 75 injured . No cause has been identified . KCTMO is the largest firm of its kind in Britain , and manages 10,000 properties . Chief executive Robert Black told ITV News after the fire :
We had no expectation this would happen , we are absolutely devastated by it . And we are trying to work out – now at this stage I can listen to what people say but I do n't have any information and therefore it 's really difficult for me to comment . We will be working with the fire brigade and the police and as you can imagine their ongoing investigation is n't even finished yet .
Another KCTMO London property , Adair Tower , suffered a fire in October 2015 , rendering 12 apartments “ uninhabitable ” and requiring the rescue of 50 residents . Fire officials issued the company a “ deficiency notice ” after auditing a third building , Lonsdale House .
The Grenfell Action Group began posting about what it called “ fire safety scandals ” at the tower in January 2013 , raising concerns over a lack of access from emergency vehicles . Later that year it posted about power surges at Grenfell Towers and accused management of circulating “ propaganda ” in an effort to downplay the issue .
HOLYOKE -- Mayor Alex B. Morse vetoed the City Council 's moratorium on approval of recreational marijuana retailers because they said a statewide moratorium makes it unnecessary and it handcuffs the city economically .
`` The only thing this ordinance would do is put the city at an economic disadvantage by dissuading interested investors from planning and submitting for a license during the period that will begin April 1 , 2018 , '' Morse said in the Aug. 10 letter to the City Council . ( see below )
`` I ask that you consider sustaining this veto so we can have a more substantive conversation on this topic -- one that will both protect our community but also position Holyoke to take full advantage of the economic and workforce development opportunities that the cannabis industry presents , '' they said .
The Council likely will consider whether to override Morse 's veto at its next meeting on Sept. 5 .
The Council on Aug. 1 voted 10-4 to impose a moratorium on recreational marijuana retailers until July 1 , 2018 or until the city establishes an ordinance to regulate the industry .
The goal of the moratorium is to give officials time to write local regulations before this industry that is new to the state opens for business , officials said .
A state moratorium with the same time frame is in place , along with moratoriums established in individual cities and towns .
Voters in Massachusetts approved the recreational marijuana law in 2016 . But lawmakers and Gov . Charlie Baker delayed the measure to allow for crafting of laws to regulate such new businesses and ensure the revenue from taxation would cover costs of regulations .
Massachusetts voters in 2012 also permitted medical marijuana facilities by approving a statewide ballot question , and state law prohibits a city or town from banning such facilities . But the city has adopted rules that regulate where such a facility can be located and require that the permit-holder disclose security measures and discuss issues like hours of operation .
In the veto letter , Morse said they agreed with Councilor at Large Rebecca Lisi on several points , including that the city could benefit from the retail pot industry 's jobs and revenue but that other cities and towns are competing for those same benefits .
2 moratoriums would benefit Holyoke more than 1 , argues Councilor Rebecca Lisi , unsuccessfully
Lisi also argued the city can save time by mimicking the zoning rules officials here have already established , under medical marijuana , to set up regulations for production and cultivation of marijuana for recreational retail sales .
That would allow for fast action on that part of the establishment of an ordinance , for production and cultivation of marijuana for recreational purposes , and let officials focus on rules regulating recreational marijuana retailing , Lisi said .
Morse took it a step further than Lisi , saying that no moratorium at all is needed on the cultivation of marijuana since the city already has established regulations for that in the medical marijuana ordinance .
`` From a land use and zoning standpoint , there is no difference between cannabis cultivation for medicinal purposes , for which we already have a robust special permit process , and recreational cultivation . In both cases , the product goes through the same grow and processing cycle regardless of its intended end use , '' Morse said .
Veto letter to City Council from Holyoke Mayor Alex Morse : by Mike Plaisance on Scribd
Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic share their candid thoughts on the decision to institute a 25-second shot clock rule at the US Open . ( 4:22 )
WIMBLEDON -- It 's time for the fence-sitting Grand Slams to hop off and follow the US Open 's lead in adopting a 25-second shot clock to keep the game moving .
The US Open is committed to implementing an on-court clock intended to enforce the rule specifying players have 25 seconds to initiate play after a point ends . But the other majors have been dragging their feet in the clay , on the grass and over the hard courts in Melbourne .
Editor 's Picks Wimbledon tournament schedule , scores and coverage Get the Wimbledon 2018 tennis tournament 's dates , TV schedule , news coverage , live scores and results on ESPN .
Here at Wimbledon , the most traditional of events , chief executive Richard Lewis recently told the The Times of London , `` 'It probably will happen . But we are not charging in because we do not think it is necessary . ''
Mr. Lewis , perhaps it 's time to charge in .
This issue has been a festering way too long . Poor enforcement of the time rules has had some damaging consequences , adding to the tedium of overlong matches and sometimes makes a mockery of the rule that the game proceeds at the pace of the server . Returners who make servers wait break the rules . You ca n't sugarcoat that as `` traditional . ''
The reminder that the US Open , the first major to use Hawkeye in the main draw , will be the first to adopt the on-court shot clock was greeted here with the familiar range of reactions from players . Some major attractions , like Maria Sharapova and Juan Martin del Potro , basically said : No problem , we 'll work with it for the good of the game . ''
Others , led by Rafael Nadal , fired broadsides at the lords of tennis . No surprise there : Nadal is the player most responsible for the growing preoccupation with players ' time between points , as well as millennials and younger fans who seem less willing to sit through four-hour tennis matches or lengthy towelings or baseline wanderings between points .
`` Seems like sometimes [ tennis ] is only about the business , so I ca n't support this , no , '' Nadal said . `` I do n't feel the matches that [ made history in ] our sport went that quick [ Nadal snapped their fingers as they spoke ] . I do n't remember emotional matches that the total time of those matches have been two hours . All the matches that have been important in the history of our sport have been four hours , five hours , 3:45 . ''
Rafael Nadal 's frequent delays have been part of the ongoing discussion for having a shot clock in between points . AP Photo/Ben Curtis
Reality check : The lords of tennis , and television , would jump for joy if a shot clock could make that big a difference , given that 120 minutes is much closer to the ideal length of a sports broadcast . The truth is , enforcing the already existing rule is more of a tweak , and its most important long-term benefit may be the added opportunity it offers for fan engagement .
Even Novak Djokovic took a swipe at the establishment here Tuesday , when they were asked about the shot clock . Their beef was that players on the ATP council were not consulted on the matter . `` I know that they 've tried it out last year in [ US Open qualifiers ] , '' Djokovic said . `` It was not too many negative comments about it , but it 's quite different if you introduce that to the show courts and main draw , playing best-of-five . ''
Fair enough . Lobbing in a call to the council members would have been a nice courtesy ; it might have produced some valuable input , as well . On the other hand , the players are not necessarily the best choice to run the asylum . And history has shown that , in general , players are inherently resistant to change . Heck , if you even mention eliminating the `` let '' serve , players go apoplectic .
The history of electronic line-calling is instructive . When viable technology first became available , there was great concern that it would make a quiet , relatively `` cool '' game downright cold . Tennis would become too `` Big Brother , '' lacking in the `` human touch '' provided by linespeople , no matter the unjustifiably large number of erroneous , outcome-affecting calls all those linesfolks made .
We saw the result : Hawkeye not only drastically cut down on the number of matches ruined by linecall controversies , but it has also added considerable value to the fan experience . The shot-clock protocols , if properly conceived and implemented , could similarly engage fans , even if no one is thrilled by the prospect of a stadium full of voices counting -- `` Four ... three ... two ... one '' -- as Nadal is in the middle of their service motion .
The constituents in tennis all agree the game needs to evolve and adapt to changing times .
Four ... three ... two ... one ...
Efforts by many large institutions in recent years to ensure their employees do not feel pressured into spending unnecessary time in the office have made little difference , according to FN 's Job Satisfaction Survey . In fact , the poll of 335 financial services executives found readers feel the problem has barely been addressed at all .
The number of hours worked remains high , with 70 % working more than 40 hours per week and almost a third working more than 50 hours a week .
...
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenia has improved its standing on the latest edition of Digital Diplomacy Review by 18 notches to take the 34th spot among 209 countries of the world and outperform its neighbors in the South Caucasus .
Digital diplomacy , also known as eDiplomacy , is usually defined as the use of the Internet and new technologies to help achieve diplomatic objectives .
The DDR17 identifies 5 major digital diplomacy needs , depicted as hierarchical levels within a pyramid . They also represent the stages of progress from a beginner to advanced degree of digital diplomacy practice at corporate level : Presence , Customization , Up-to-dateness , Engagement , Influence .
Armenia was on the 52nd spot in the 2016 edition of the report .
This year , Azerbaijan and Georgia have taken the 47th and 66th positions , respectively .
The DDR17 team collected digital assets used by foreign ministries from the beginning of 2017 to end of November 2017 .
GREEN BAY , Wis. -- Aaron Rodgers ' fate -- and perhaps the Packers ' playoff chances -- are in the hands of the doctors .
That 's the only update coach Mike McCarthy had on their quarterback after Rodgers underwent tests Monday morning to see whether their broken right collarbone has healed to the point that they could return Sunday against the Carolina Panthers , the first game for which Rodgers is eligible to be activated off injured reserve .
Packers physician Dr. Pat McKenzie is expected to make a determination after consulting with several specialists .
`` It is now in the evaluation stage , '' McCarthy said late Monday afternoon . `` Dr. McKenzie is reviewing it . There are a number of medical opinions that will be involved in a decision , so at this time , I do not have a clean decision for you or an update . That 's where it stands . ''
Aaron Rodgers is eligible to be activated off injured reserve for Sunday 's game against the Panthers , but whether they will be back on the field depends on the health of their collarbone . Dylan Buell/Getty Images
McCarthy joked that if they did n't have a decision by Tuesday , `` they 're going to be putting Pat McKenzie on IR . ''
It 's unclear why the Packers did n't put Rodgers through tests late last week .
To this point , everything has gone according to plan in Rodgers ' recovery from surgery on Oct. 19 , when they had screws and plates implanted to stabilize their right clavicle . Rodgers said they hoped to come back this season but only if the tests showed the bone had healed .
They returned to practice on Dec. 2 , the day they turned 34 . Even before that , however , they were throwing . The first time they did so in public was before the Nov. 26 game at Pittsburgh , where they were seen throwing passes 50-plus yards in the air . Packers linebacker Clay Matthews even joked that Rodgers looked so good during the rehab process that the Packers should n't have put them on injured reserve .
`` It 's in the evaluation process , '' McCarthy said . `` I do n't have an answer for you . I 'd like to know as soon as possible . Frankly , it 's best for Aaron to know as soon as possible . He 's the one that has to get ready , and obviously , in their mind he 's ready to go if you watch them practice and the conversations with him . But this is a medical decision , and Dr. McKenzie is obviously in touch with a number of different medical experts , and they 're evaluating the information . ''
Editor 's Picks Source : Packers ' House does n't need surgery A source told ESPN that Davon House does not need surgery on the transverse process fracture in their back and that the cornerback could return to the Packers `` sooner rather than later . ''
With or without Rodgers , McCarthy and their offensive staff are well into their game plan for the Panthers . They typically start on the next opponent late in the previous week , and this game was no different .
`` We do preliminary game plans at the end of each week , '' McCarthy said . `` So , for instance , the offensive staff has a preliminary game plan for Carolina that is worked on Thursdays , Fridays and Saturdays , and then we evaluate their game that they played yesterday . So we had a chance to watch that against Minnesota . Obviously , we were here early this morning correcting our game from Cleveland . So the process is in full motion , and so , we 'll just keep going down the road . ''
Brett Hundley won three of their seven starts in place of Rodgers , including consecutive overtime wins the past two weeks to get the Packers to 7-6 and keep them alive in the playoff race .
`` My No . 1 thought going into it was keep our hopes alive to make the playoffs , and we 're still in it , '' Hundley said .
Panthers coach Ron Rivera said earlier Monday that the Panthers are preparing as though Rodgers will play . However , they said they do n't expect Green Bay 's game plan to be that much different if Hundley is under center instead .
`` Our focus will be on the Packers and what they do and how they do it , '' Rivera said .
ESPN 's David Newton contributed to this report .
Uber is launching its in-app tipping feature for drivers in the U.K . Starting tomorrow , Uber passengers will be able to tip their driver using the app for rides and/or food via UberEATS . Back in June , Uber added in-app tipping capabilities for passengers to give drivers a little extra something in the U.S .
“ While drivers have told us they love the freedom of being their own boss , we 've also clearly heard that we need to make improvements , ” Uber UK Regional General Manager Jo Bertram said in a statement .
Just like in the U.S. , Uber will also charge passengers who make their drivers wait for more than two minutes . Starting August 22 , passengers in the U.K. will have to pay 20p per every one minute their driver has to wait after the first two minutes .
Another change include two-minute cancellations . Right now , if an Uber rider cancels a trip within five minutes , they do n't have to pay a cancellation fee .
“ Following feedback we feel this is too long as drivers are well on their way to the pick-up point and have already invested time and fuel , ” Bertram said .
Other changes include a “ No thanks ” button , which lets drivers immediately deny trips rather than having to wait for the request to time out , and driver destination and arrival times . The drive destination feature enables the driver to match with a passenger going the same direction and the arrival time feature ensures the driver gets to their destination on time . Uber says drivers can expect additional changes down the road .
LOS ANGELES — Costa Rican international Marco Urena accounted for the first two goals in Los Angeles FC pre-season history Friday as the expansion franchise club tied MLS champion Toronto FC 2-2 .
The game pitted Toronto captain Michael Bradley against their father , AFC head coach Bob Bradley .
`` All in all , not bad , '' Bob Bradley said of their team 's performance .
`` There 's a lot of work to do still , '' they added .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When Arsenal signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in Janaury for a club record £57million many fans feared the worst for Alexandre Lacazette .
Their concerns were only exacerbated when the Frenchman picked up an injury that required surgery .
However , since returning to action , Lacazette and Aubameyang have played multiple times together and shown promising signs of creating a devastating partnership , report Football London .
While the latter started Sunday 's win over West Ham on the bench , they did have a positive impact on the game when they replaced Alex Iwobi in the 70th minute .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : AFP )
With the scores level at 1-1 following Marko Arnautovic 's equaliser for the Hammers , the introduction of Aubameyang turned the game in Arsenal 's favour , with goals from Aaron Ramsey and a double from Lacazette sealing a 4-1 win .
Signed for a club-record fee in the summer from Lyon , there were doubts over the Frenchman 's position in the team when Aubameyang arrived at the club .
Although they were primarily on the bench prior to their knee injury in February , the 26-year-old has come back with a bang following six goals in six games .
A run which started with Aubameyang allowing them to take a penalty against Stoke City , Lacazette has shown in the past few games exactly why they were brought to the Emirates .
Amid the concerns that the pair could n't play alongside each other , the past few games have silenced a number of doubters .
( Image : REUTERS )
Speaking ahead of the recent defeat against Newcastle , Aubameyang revealed that the pair will score goals together as they complement each other .
`` I hope we will have the opportunity to play together – it 's something I said when I first arrived that I hoped to play with him , '' Aubameyang told Sky Sports .
`` We have different styles , but I think they 're styles that complement each other – he 's a very good player and a very kind person .
`` We were once rivals in our days in France , but we 're now friends and I hope we can play well together and score lots of goals . ''
That was evident at St James ' Park as Aubameyang teed up Lacazette for the opener in the 2-1 defeat .
( Image : Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
The stats also back up that goals will come for the pair if Arsene Wenger keeps them on the pitch together between now and the end of the season .
In the 139 minutes the pair have played together since February , Aubameyang has registered two goals and two assists , with Lacazette finding the net four times .
That 's great reading for Arsenal fans and it 's surely proof that the pair need to be played together on a regular basis .
Given that Arsenal wants to end Wenger 's tenure at the club with the Europa League trophy , it 's such a shame that Aubameyang is cup tied .
However , going on Lacazette 's recent good form , you would n't bet against them firing their side to glory on their old stomping ground next month .
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 2:46 pm |
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos ( L ) and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during a press conference in Cartagena , Colombia on Sunday . ( Colombian Presidency/Handout via Reuters )
WASHINGTON ( Tribune Washington Bureau/TNS ) - Cast once again in the role of interpreter of President Trump 's comments , Vice President Mike Pence is touring Latin America and attempting to dispel their boss ' threat of military action against Venezuela .
Trump on Friday said they would not “ rule out ” a “ military option ” to confront the crisis in Venezuela , where the increasingly authoritarian practices of leftist President Nicolas Maduro have touched off waves of deadly political violence and humanitarian disaster .
Trump 's threat was roundly decried in Latin America just as Pence headed out for a weeklong , four-nation tour on Sunday .
Speaking at a news conference late Sunday with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the coastal city of Cartagena , Pence said Trump spoke with “ resolve ” but still wants a peaceful solution .
“ President Trump is a leader who says what they mean and means what they say , but the president sent me here to continue to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Latin America , and we believe it is achievable by those means , ” Pence said .
“ You hear in President Trump 's words the resolve of the United States of America to see this through , to restore democracy and constitutional government in Venezuela , ” they added .
Most of Latin America has been united in efforts to pressure the Maduro government and to back economic sanctions imposed by the United States against Maduro and several of their associates .
Several Latin American countries have even said they would consider sanctions of their own . Until recently , much of Latin America was reluctant to appear to be intervening in a neighbor 's internal affairs , especially at Washington 's behest .
But oil-rich Venezuela now appears on the verge of collapse , which would send refugees fleeing to other parts of Latin America and cause regional turmoil .
Pence spoke alongside Santos , who sternly warned that no country in Latin America would support U.S. military action .
“ I told the vice president that the possibility of military intervention in Venezuela should not be considered , ” Santos said .
Moscow
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved the deployment of Russian warplanes on a disputed island near Japan , accelerating the area 's militarization at a time when Moscow 's ties with Tokyo are strained over the roll-out of a US missile system .
In a decree , Medvedev allowed the Russian Defence Ministry to use a civilian airport on the island of Iturup , as it is known by Russia , or Etorofu , as it is called in Japan , for its warplanes.The island was one of four seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two and is located off the north-east coast of Hokkaido , Japan 's biggest prefecture . The dispute over the islands , known as the Kuriles in Russia and the Northern Territories in Japan , is so acrimonious that Moscow and Tokyo have not yet signed a peace treaty to mark the end of the war . Medvedev 's decree is the latest step in a Russian military build-up that has seen Moscow deploy some of its newest missile defense systems to the islands and plan to build a naval base there even as it continues talks about the territorial dispute .
The decree was published days before deputy foreign ministers from the two countries are due to hold talks about co-operation on the disputed islands and at a time when Russia is concerned that Japan is allowing Washington to use its territory as a base for a U.S. military build-up in north Asia under the pretext of countering North Korea .
It is unclear whether Russia will permanently deploy warplanes to the island , which hosted a Soviet air base during the Cold War , or use its airport as and when needed .
The newspaper Kommersant cited an unnamed military source as saying the move would give the Russian military more options .
“ This move should show the aerodrome 's readiness for fighter planes that patrol our borders to be temporarily based there , ” the source was quoted as saying . The same source was quoted as saying that Russia was particularly concerned about a Japanese plan to deploy more Aegis U.S. missile systems in its Akita and Yagamata prefectures .. — Reuters
HALIFAX—The oppressive heat wave that struck much of Canada last weekend and has continued into this week might have slowed some people down , but it 's prompted fast action from a group of Halifax advocates who say the extreme summer weather hits homeless people especially hard . Sheri Lecker , executive director of Adsum House women 's shelter in North End Halifax , said they saw the heat and humidity in the forecast last week and knew people would be in need of water , sunscreen and hats , or else risk serious health consequences .
Adsum House executive director Sheri Lecker handed out about 2,000 bottles of water to homeless people in Halifax on Wednesday as temperatures in the city soared above 30 C. ( Zane Woodford / StarMetro ) People flocked to a new , mist-blowing cooling station on the Halifax Waterfront on Wednesday as temperatures in the city climbed above 30 C. ( Zane Woodford / StarMetro )
“ Last week we just ran around to find as much as we could , ” they said of an impromptu hunt for supplies , which she 's been distributing to shelters and soup kitchens around the municipality since June 29 . “ I 'm glad we can do something , and I think it 's really important that we are carrying around what people are needing . Water is really expensive to buy . Sunscreen is super expensive , ” they added . They and their colleagues estimated they 've given out about 2,000 bottles of water a day since they started last weekend . A donation of 400 hats from one individual came in Tuesday afternoon , and nearly all of them were doled out by Wednesday morning .
Article Continued Below
Lecker said the effort is an ad hoc collaboration between Adsum House , Mobile Outreach Street Health ( MOSH ) , an accessible primary health care service , and Out of the Cold , an organization that usually sets up emergency shelters for extreme winter weather , but expanded its scope to deal with this summer 's unusual heat . Environment Canada issued a heat alert for Halifax on Canada Day , extending until Thursday at least . This came just two days after the province adopted a new heat alert system on June 29 , citing the impacts of climate change as a reason to expect more frequent extreme heat events . This is the first year that Lecker and their colleagues have collected and distributed supplies for battling the heat ; they said they do n't remember having such extreme summer weather to deal with in summers gone by . “ I 've been at Adsum a long time and I mean … we 've had to cope with the shelter being really hot ... but I do n't actually remember a heat warning , and certainly not this early , and not for so many days , ” they said . Last week , David Phillips , a senior climatologist with Environment Canada , told StarMetro that heat warnings for Halifax are rare .
The province 's new standard for issuing a heat alert is two consecutive days with a daytime temperature of 29 C or higher , a nighttime temperature of 16 C or higher , and a humidex of 36 C or higher . Those conditions pose a serious risk of heat stroke or heat exhaustion for everyone , according to Jacqueline Atkinson , a nurse practitioner with MOSH , but especially for people who have nowhere to go for relief .
Article Continued Below
“ People who are homeless are even more at risk because they 're out , they do n't have shelter , they do n't have places to go to seek shade , ” they said . To prevent heat-related illness , the province recommends staying in shaded , cool or air-conditioned spaces , drinking plenty of water , wearing light-coloured clothing , and only exercising or working outside during the cooler parts of the day . For the homeless , those recommendations are hard to follow , Atkinson said . “ It 's very hard for the homeless in Halifax … Just having a space where they 're allowed to be , where it 's shaded and cool , is more tricky than you would think , ” they said . “ They get kicked out of many coffee shops because they do n't have money to buy a beverage , so you ca n't sit there all day. ” Access to water is often limited , too , Atkinson said , because bottled water is expensive and refillable bottles are easily lost . Additionally , they said homeless people usually get around by foot , and ca n't avoid exerting themselves during the most scorching hours of the day . “ Homeless people do n't have cars or often even bikes , ” they explained . “ They 're walking around and they walk quite long distances , and so they 're often way more active than the general public. ” Atkinson said addiction issues compound the problem further ; alcohol and most drugs dehydrate the body , some increase core body temperature , and all drugs can compromise kidney function , which puts people at higher risk of dehydration , even in normal weather conditions . “ This population is often starting out at a high level of dehydration , and so can easily then slip into heat exhaustion , ” they said . The same heat wave that struck the Maritimes has also been felt in much of Central and Eastern Canada , and 11 deaths in Montreal have been attributed to heavy heat and humidity . In Toronto , advocates for the homeless called on the city to extend the hours of its seven cooling centres , which are air-conditioned , provide bottled water and juice , and have staff that can recognize the signs of heat-related illness . Erin DiCarlo , a representative for Halifax Regional Municipality ( HRM ) , said in an email the municipality has looked at Toronto 's cooling centre program as an example they might take from , although they have n't initiated anything similar yet . Halifax Public Libraries are air-conditioned , and thanks to Lecker and their colleagues , the Halifax Central Library has been stocked with bottled water , sunscreen and hats during the heat alert . People can also seek relief from the heat at a cooling station on the Halifax waterfront , which sprays a fine mist of water over passersby . Kelly Rose , a representative for Waterfront Development , said the borrowed cooling station was installed last week in anticipation of the blistering heat . “ It will stay up temporarily during this continued heat and we 'll reassess , ” they said in an email , adding that the company is looking into acquiring a permanent station . For anyone looking for water , sunscreen , and hats , Lecker said they can visit any shelter or soup kitchen in HRM , Mainline Needle Exchange , Direction 180 , the Mi'kmaw Native Friendship Centre and the Halifax Central Library .
Read more about :
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 8:45 am |
An Egged bus . ( RickP )
YERUSHALAYIM - Egged has put into service 25 buses that run on electric power , the first time that such buses will run on regular routes . As such , the company said , it is joining a worldwide trend of bus companies that are switching to alternative energy sources to run bus fleets .
The buses will run on regular routes in the Haifa area . The buses are equipped with batteries that will allow them to run about 250 kilometers a day , sufficient to run their routes for the full day , according to the company . Most of the buses were manufactured in China by the BYD company , while the rest were made by Golden Dragon , another Chinese firm .
Commenting on the new program , Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz said that “ our office has been advancing the use of electric vehicles in order to reduce air pollution . Electric buses contribute a great deal to an improved environment and an increased quality of life , and it also improves the experience of riders with a cleaner and quieter ride . ”
Environment Minister Ze'ev Elkin said that “ air pollution from public transportation is one of the greatest threats to the environment in Israel . 2,200 people die annually from air pollution in Israel , half of those caused directly by public transportation pollution . We are investing over NIS 370 million in projects that will further reduce air pollution . ”
China Says It Will Shut Down Its Ivory Trade in 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Senosi/AP Khalil Senosi/AP
Almost a million elephants roamed Africa 25 years ago . Assessments of their population now vary , but suggest there are fewer than half that many . The main reason for the decline is ivory . Despite a 1989 ban on ivory trade , poachers continue to kill elephants for their tusks .
Now China , the destination for most of that ivory , has announced it will shut down its domestic ivory market .
Wildlife experts had thought that the international ban on ivory trade would slow or even stop the killing of elephants for their tusks . It did n't ... in fact the killing got worse . That 's mostly because the ban did n't cover OLDER ivory , that is , ivory taken from elephants BEFORE the 1989 ban . So people are still killing elephants but passing off their ivory as old , and therefore legal to trade .
John Robinson , with the Wildlife Conservation Society , says efforts to stop the supply of ivory at the source , in Africa , have not been very successful . `` Addressing the demand is absolutely essential if we are going to deal with the poaching issues , '' they say .
And the biggest source of demand for ivory has been China . `` Almost all the ivory is for carving , '' says Robinson . `` China has had a history of doing so . Whole tusks are carved into elaborately assembled pieces of one kind or another . ''
Now China has agreed to close down that legal trade by the end of 2017 . Robinson says it 's an announcement conservationists have been waiting for since 2015 , when U.S. and Chinese officials started negotiating an end to China 's trade . `` Certainly closing down domestic ivory in China will have a dramatic impact , '' says Robinson . `` The Chinese market is the largest ivory market in the world . '' Says conservation expert Elly Pepper at the Natural Resources Defense Council : `` It 's a game changer and could be the pivotal turning point that brings elephants back from the brink of extinction . ''
The Chinese government has laid out an extensive plan that includes putting ivory carvers to work on existing museum pieces or other projects . The government says it will also educate the public on the consequences of ivory trading for elephant populations .
The Obama administration already has shut down almost all trade in ivory in the U.S. , and several states have their own bans .
Robinson says the Chinese decision may help convince other countries that trade in ivory , such as Vietnam , the United Kingdom and Japan , to do the same .
Luke Dahlhaus had a split lip from a midair kick by Toby Green , for which the Giant will be fined . ( AAP )
AFL match review panel member Jimmy Bartel has backed the decision not to suspend Greater Western Sydney 's Toby Greene for kicking an opponent .
Toby Greene 's midair kick to the face of Luke Dahlhaus was unsavoury but fell outside the description of an offence worthy of an AFL ban , Jimmy Bartel says .
The match review panel 's decision to fine the Greater Western Sydney forward for the incident , which left their Western Bulldogs opponent with a bleeding lip , has divided opinion .
The MRP charged Greene with engaging in misconduct over the studs-up high kick in an aerial contest during the Giants ' win over the Bulldogs on Friday .
They are set to escape with a $ 1500 fine , avoiding their third suspension this season .
Bartel , who did not preside over Greene 's case , backed their fellow MRP members for staying true to assessment guidelines .
The league has sought to crack down on striking though suspensions this season while kicking carries a fixed financial penalty .
`` It was n't something that really sat in the table or parameters , '' Bartel told RSN radio on Tuesday .
`` But it 's not a look or an action we want to take place on the field .
`` So therefore it was graded as misconduct . ''
Commentary around the incident has been divided , with some arguing Greene was legitimately trying to protect themselves while gaining possession .
Others felt they intended to cause harm and the incident warranted suspension .
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko , who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday , has shown up at a news conference very much alive .
Vasily Gritsak , head of the Ukrainian Security Service , told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko 's death to catch those who were trying to kill him .
Kyiv and national police had said Babchenko , a strong critic of the Kremlin , was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building and found bleeding by their wife .
They showed up at Gritsak 's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning their death .
PESHAWAR , Feb 15 ( APP ) : Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Sports Minister Mehmood Khan along with former World Champion Qamar Zaman Wednesday inaugurated international standard Squash Complex named after Qamar Zaman at a cost of Rs . 100 million at vicinity of the Qayyum Sports Complex .
Besides him , former World Champion Qamar Zaman , Deputy Secretary Sports Adil Safi , Director General Sports KP Miss Rashida Ghaznavi , Director Operation Tariq Mehmood , good numbers of squash players , contactors were also present .
The Squash Complex named after former World Champion Qamar will have four international standard and one practicing squash courts with wooden floor and glass walls , hotel for 40 players and six executive rooms , washroom blocks for female and male , female and male changing areas , and a well equip mini-gymnasium covering .
The squash courts would cost Rs . 70 million , hostel Rs . 18 million and other developmental work like gymnasium , washrooms , changing area would cost 3 million . The hostel would be constructed at a covering area of 3954 feet , squash court 6426 feet , washrooms block , changing area 1260 feet . There will be overall 300 spectators facilities besides referees and media boxes .
Earlier , KP Sports Minister Mehmood Khan and Qamar Zaman formally laid foundation stone of the Qamar Zaman Squash Complex to be completed by December 2017 .
Speaking on this occasion , former World Champion thanked Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pervez Khattak for taken quickly decision of the construction of the much-needed Squash Complex in the premises of Qayyum Sports Complex . They said with the construction of the five squash courts in Qayyum Sports Complex and two in the Nawa Khali would coup up the need of the players .
Mehmood Khan while talking to the media said that as desired by the Chairman PTI Imran Khan and Chief Minister , they have laid down the foundation stone of the construction of modern-day Squash Complex . They said efforts have been taken for provision of all out facilities to the players at their door steps and that is why a total of 36 grounds have been completed across the province .
They said the Under-23 Games at the District level has already been kicked off from Bannu and will be organized in districts , followed by KP Inter-Regional Games wherein more than 700 athletes both male and female would take part .
In a battle of top-10 teams , No . 1 Villanova knocks off No . 10 Creighton 80-70 behind Jalen Brunson 's 27 points . ( 0:59 )
Villanova 's win at No . 10 Creighton kept the Wildcats at No . 1 for a fifth straight week , while Baylor made the jump from fourth to second .
The only new member of The Associated Press Top 25 is Virginia Tech , which beat No . 8 Duke 89-75 . The Hokies ( 12-1 ) enter at No . 21 , their first ranking since the opening week of the 2010-11 season .
Editor 's Picks College hoops Power Rankings : Some ACC names to know OK , you know all about Duke and North Carolina and Louisville . But it 's time to look a little deeper into the ACC , because if you forget about Florida State ( and Virginia Tech ) , you 'll be sorry .
Villanova ( 14-0 ) received 59 first-place votes from the 65-member national media panel Monday to easily outdistance the Bears ( 13-0 ) , who got the other six votes for No . 1 .
Kansas held at third , while UCLA , which lost to No . 15 Oregon , fell from second to fourth . Gonzaga and Kentucky both moved up two spots to fifth and sixth , respectively . Gonzaga ( 14-0 ) , Villanova and Baylor are the lone unbeaten teams in Division I .
West Virginia jumped from 11th to seventh , while Duke and Louisville both dropped three spots to eighth and ninth and Creighton held on at No . 10 .
Virginia , which lost to Florida State after beating Louisville , moved up from 12th to 11th and was followed by Florida State , Wisconsin , North Carolina , Oregon , Xavier , Arizona , Butler , Saint Mary 's and Purdue . The final ranked teams were Virginia Tech , Cincinnati , Notre Dame , Florida , and USC and Indiana tied for 25th .
Villanova 's run at No . 1 is the longest since Kentucky was on top of the poll for the entire 2014-15 season .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When the shocked community in Totterdown heard that their popular Big Issue seller had been robbed – and all their takings had been stolen – they quickly rallied round .
As police issued an appeal to catch the man who stole the bag used by Marius , the man who stands daily outside the Co-op in Wells Road selling the Big Issue , their regulars organised an impromptu whip-round and quickly came up with the amount they lost .
A thief pinched Marius ' bag on the evening of Tuesday ( March 13 ) from outside the Co-op , just as they were preparing to leave for the night .
The bag contained copies of the Big Issue they had n't sold that day – and would try to sell the next day – and £185 in cash that he 'd taken over the previous couple of days – money that was needed to pay the seller 's rent to Big Issue .
The incident was captured on the store 's CCTV , and police have now issued images from that footage which show a man walking off with Marius ' bag .
Marius , who is Romanian and speaks little English , has been selling the Big Issue from outside the Co-op for months , and despite the language barrier has become a friendly face in Totterdown .
When the community heard what had happened , many regular buyers had given extra to them – and that was boosted at the weekend by a whip-round at an existing fundraiser .
A Curry , Comedy and Music Night took place at Redcatch community centre to raise money to send members of Victoria Baptist Church on a charitable mission to Tenali in India , and a bucket was passed around and £135 was raised in a matter of minutes .
The event was organised by Ruth Drury , the sales manager at South Bristol Voice , whose mother , Beverley Chapman , is one of those making the journey to India later this week .
“ We would like to speak to the person in these images in connection with our enquiries into the theft of a man 's bag from outside the Co-Op on Wells Road on the evening of Tuesday , March 13 , ” said acting Sgt Paul Giddings .
`` I 'm sure that someone locally will know who this person is . Anyone with any information should contact us via our website or by calling 101 quoting reference number 5218054720 , ” they added .
Racist , anti-gay chants on rise in Russia ahead of World Cup
Racist , anti-gay chants on rise in Russia ahead of World Cup
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 18:16 IST 49 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup , even as overall incidents of discrimination declined .
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season , according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday . That compares to two cases the season before , and 10 the year before that .
Victims included players from the French national team , who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March , and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye , who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters .
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato , a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil , was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey .
In another case , a regional governor told local media that the club their administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players .
Last month , Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu , who was born and raised in Russia , told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players , rather than as a statement of ideology .
`` I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically , maybe so they do n't want to keep playing , '' they said . `` It could just be because someone finds it funny . ''
Overall , cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80 , the lowest since the 2013-14 season , according to Fare .
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums .
`` Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious , for bringing down banners , '' Powar said . `` That leaves people able or free to chant things and that 's a far more difficult thing to police . ''
There was a fall in the number of discriminatory banners and other visual displays , down from 75 to 52 .
More blatant extremist symbols and racist slogans have largely disappeared from stadiums in recent years , often replaced with coded messages using Viking runes and other symbols with significance on the Russian far right .
In one notable case , Zenit St. Petersburg fans hailed convicted war criminal Ratko Mladic as a hero with a banner unfurled at a Europa League game in November . That attracted a fine and partial stadium closure order from UEFA , European soccer 's governing body .
The Fare Network , which helps FIFA and UEFA investigate racism cases , is planning to open two `` Diversity Houses '' in Moscow and St. Petersburg during the World Cup , where issues of discrimination in sports will be discussed .
`` It 's a celebration of diversity , '' Powar said . `` It showcases the rise of ethnic-minority players across the continent and looks at the growth of women 's football , looks as issues associated with Russian football . ''
Fare is also issuing a guide to Russia for visiting fans and operating a helpline for fans from minority groups to report harassment or attacks .
The organization urges fans from minority groups to travel to the World Cup but recommends caution in unfamiliar surroundings and awareness of issues such as racial profiling by Russian police .
H-E-B ‘ s Primo Picks Quest for Texas Best judges narrowed the field of 25 finalists to five winners on Friday at the Central Texas Food Bank .
Sascha Biesi and Yauss Berenji ( Skull & Cakebones—Mocha Marmalade ) ; Bridget and Will McCoy ( Lorraine 's Original Mini Texas Pecan Cakes ) ; Dennis Butterworth ( WarPig BBQ For Use on Butts And Ribs Sauce ) ; Adrian and Mariana Paredes ( Tamale Addiction ' s Poblano and Muenster Cheese Organic Masa Tamales ) ; and Cariño Cortez and Michael Cortez ( La Familia Cortez Restaurants ' Mi Tierra Salsa Verde ) took home a combined total of $ 90,000 in cash prizes along with prime space on H-E-B store shelves in 2018 .
“ As we complete the fourth year of this statewide competition , we continued to be impressed by the inventiveness , creativity and phenomenal resolve that our fellow Texans showcase , ” said James Harris , director of diversity and inclusion and supplier diversity at H-E-B . “ Although only five competitors walked away with a title and prize , Quest for Texas Best is a win for all Texans . Small businesses have the opportunity to grow with H-E-B , and our customers enjoy added variety and access to the best locally sourced products . ”
Grand prize winner ( $ 25,000 and featured placement as a Texas Best Primo Pick )
Skull & Cakebones—Mocha Marmalade
Sascha Biesi and Yauss Berenji , Austin
After Sascha Biesi discovered milk and eggs were the cause of their infant daughter 's persistent rash , they began a quest for delicious foods sans the animal products . Enlisting the help of Yauss Berenji , the two built Skull & Cakebones based on friendship , their families ' passion for food and a mission of making delicious desserts without animal products . Using the best local products on hand , Skull & Cakebones presents a truly Texas-strong dessert—Mocha Marmalade Chocolate layered with Cuvee Coffee frosting and topped with Cuvee infused chocolate pudding .
Two first-place winners ( $ 20,000 each )
The Texas Pecan Cake Shop—Lorraine 's Original Mini Texas Pecan Cakes
Bridget and Will McCoy , Bertram
Like the Lone Star State , Bridget McCoy 's Lorraine 's Original Mini Texas Pecan Cakes are one of a kind . Baked in the iconic shape of Texas from a secret family recipe , it is a pecan lover 's dream . Made with 100 percent Texas products from local growers , loaded with pecans and held together with just enough flour and sugar , it delivers the wonderful flavor of Mom 's holiday baking that can be enjoyed on any occasion .
WarPig BBQ For Use on Butts And Ribs Sauce
Dennis Butterworth , Houston
Dennis Butterworth 's BBQ sauce , For Use on Butts And Ribs ( F.U.B.A.R ) , is an elite sauce forged in the trenches of barbecue competition . This award-winning sauce was crafted by U.S. Army veterans to be the one and only sauce you need in your arsenal . Whether you 're a professional chef or a backyard grill commando , For Use on Butts And Ribs ' sweet , tangy flavor bridges the gap for all barbecue palates .
Second-place winner ( $ 15,000 )
Tamale Addiction 's Poblano & Muenster Cheese Organic Masa Tamales
Adrian and Mariana Paredes , Austin
Destiny called Adrian and Mariana Paredes in 2010 . They answered and unknowingly created a new tamale standard and culture among aficionados . First entering the farmers ' market circuit with Mexican desserts , they redirected their efforts to tamales . Today , Tamale Addiction is known for being fresh , organic , local and delicious with five versions that include meat , vegetarian , vegan , banana leaf and sweet tamales . By listening to their customers ' demand for an at-home option , they found a way to share their destiny with all of Texas via a two-pack of organic masa tamales filled with strips of roasted poblano pepper , fresh red salsa made from chile de arbol , and melted muenster cheese .
Third-place Winner ( $ 10,000 )
La Familia Cortez Restaurants ' Mi Tierra Salsa Verde Salsa
Cariño Cortez and Michael Cortez , San Antonio
The family of Pedro Cortez—entrepreneur , restaurateur and savior of San Antonio 's Market Square—committed themselves to preserving the recipes that have been in the family since 1941 , when the patriarch opened their first eatery , Jamaica No . 5 , and eventually Mi Tierra . Over the years , Pedro 's sons and grandsons have combined traditional Mexican cooking techniques with the latest culinary advancements to safeguard Pedro 's process , ingredients and legacy . The family is intent on sharing this tasty legacy with customers near and far with Mi Tierra Salsa Verde—a secret mixture of oven-roasted tomatillos and a blend of spices that create a tangy salsa great for enchiladas and more .
The judges included Jeff Thomas , SVP and GM , Central Texas Region ; Suzanne Wade , corporate communications officer ; Jorge Elizondo , group VP , customer insights ; Chef Scott Tompkins , senior recipe developer and technical food advisor ; and Winell Herron , H-E-B group VP of public affairs , diversity and environmental affairs . Judging criteria included product quality , marketability and readiness for production as well as the makers ' suitability as retail suppliers .
The 2017 Quest for Texas Best competition drew 565 entries from more than 200 towns across the state . Through two qualifying rounds , H-E-B business development managers judged submissions on taste and flavor , customer appeal , value , uniqueness , market potential and differentiation from current products at most H-E-B stores .
Among the finalists were nine entrepreneurs from the Austin area ; five from the San Antonio and West Texas areas ; two from the Dallas area ; eight from Houston and one from the Rio Grande Valley .
H-E-B Primo Picks invites customers to enjoy products that are unique , delicious and possibly new to their palates . As part of H-E-B 's commitment to providing local product options , H-E-B is the single largest retailer of the Go Texan program with 908 own brand items with the Go Texan watermark in stores throughout the Lone Star state . H-E-B operates more than 380 stores in Texas and Mexico .
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal 's website with one of the following subscriber options :
Monthly Subscription - $ 5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Quarterly Subscription - $ 15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
Annual Subscription - $ 30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel . You may cancel at any time .
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL : If you 're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail , email us at calhouncountyjournal @ gmail.com
Protesters on Monday stormed the streets of Port Harcourt , calling on Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers state to stop criticising the Special Anti Robbery Squad ( SARS ) of the Nigeria Police Force . Meanwhile , another set of protesters have also stormed Abuja and Warri in Delta state , demanding the end to SARS .
Social media is undermining our society . The highly addictive habit of Tweeting , Instagramming , and Facebooking our every thought , meal , workout and opinion is taking up exorbitant amounts of our time and taking away our ability to effectively communicate with one another . Filters and Facebook facades bombard us daily , blinding us from reality . Making us measure self-worth with the numbers of likes and followers we have .
While social media claims to connect us , it seems like real connection has lost service . We have become reliant on validation from 2,000 “ friends ” that we have never met before . Countless hours of sleep are lost staring at bright screens . Easy access to pornography and explicit material has skyrocketed . Cyberbullies hide behind screens , anonymously leaving harsh , hateful comments . Being bona-fide is no longer existent , because we care too much about portraying the perfect picture . Selfies rule our Sundays . Our touch screens are making us lose touch .
When will we realize how detrimental time spent distracted by social media is to our relationships , self-esteem , and overall well-being ? I 'm afraid that if we do n't put our phones down , social media may become a problem that we are unable to autocorrect .
AIMAN FATIMAH
Karachi .
Related
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - RMC Switchgears Ltd :
* SAYS GETS ORDER FROM PASCHIM GUJARAT VIJ CO FOR SUPPLY AND INSTALLATION OF FRP FENCING AMOUNTING TO 202.1 MILLION RUPEES
* SAYS TOTAL UNEXECUTED ORDER BOOK NOW AT 1.48 BILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2BNpM1z Further company coverage :
Apple likes to add new features and data points into Maps , the latest of which is the addition of bike sharing data for more than 175 cities across 36 countries .
You can search for the specific bike share system in your city in the search field in Apple Maps , search for “ bike sharing ” , or ask Siri .
Apple has partnered with Ito World to provide the bike data ; this is the first bike-sharing dataset provided as a single feed .
The schemes have a total of more than 12,810 `` points of interest '' , each one a place where you can pick up or drop off a cycle .
Cities and services added in the UK are :
Bath ( nextbike Bath )
Belfast ( Coca-Cola Zero Belfast Bikes )
Exeter ( co bikes )
Glasgow ( nextbike Glasgow )
London ( Santander Cycles/Boris Bikes )
Milton Keynes ( Santander Cycles MK )
Stirling ( nextbike Stirling )
University of Warwick ( UniCycles )
Apple 's original woes with Apple Maps are well documented , but the company has improved the app phenomenally over the last few years , adding in much more accurate detail .
Public transport information continues to be extended as well , while lane guidance for navigation has also recently launched in Canada , Australia , Switzerland , Austria , South Africa and Poland .
Apple Maps recently added more than 30 detailed indoor airport maps for major international airports including London Heathrow , JFK , LaGuardia , LAX , Hong Kong International , Chicago O'Hare , Amsterdam , Schiphol , Geneva , Toronto Pearson , and the remarkably-still-open Berlin Tegel .
Check out Indoor Maps for Apple Maps : What are they and how can you use them ?
METAIRIE , La . -- Alvin Kamara told NOLA.com that they expect to be back on the field for the New Orleans Saints ' next game Sunday against the New York Jets .
The rookie running back is still in the concussion protocol , so they were not made available to the media on Monday . But when asked by NOLA.com if they will play this week , they replied `` Yes . ''
Saints RB Alvin Kamara was knocked out of Thursday 's game against the Falcons on a helmet-to-helmet hit by linebacker Deion Jones . AP Photo/David Goldman
Kamara expressed similar optimism just hours after the Saints ' 20-17 loss to the Atlanta Falcons on Thursday night after they left the game with a concussion on the opening drive .
Kamara left the game after a helmet-to-helmet tackle by Falcons linebacker Deion Jones when they got swallowed up on a screen pass . They were evaluated by trainers on the sideline before being taken back to the locker room for further evaluation and ultimately ruled out of the game .
Kamara , a third-round draft pick from Tennessee , has emerged as the front-runner for NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year with 608 rushing yards , 639 receiving yards and 11 touchdowns . They are already just the third rookie in NFL history to surpass 600 rushing and receiving yards in a season with three games to go .
Kamara has been especially dynamic since the Saints ' Week 5 bye . They rank second in the NFL behind only Pittsburgh 's Le'Veon Bell in that span with 1,017 yards from scrimmage , and they are tied with teammate Mark Ingram for the league lead with nine touchdowns since Week 6 .
Fortunately for the Saints , they have another stellar all-purpose back they can lean on if Kamara is limited or sidelined for another week . Ingram ranks fourth in the NFL with 974 yards from scrimmage since Week 6 , and they and Kamara are on pace to become the first pair of running backs in NFL history to surpass 1,500 yards from scrimmage in the same season .
Ashley Carew and Reise Allassani were on target for Dulwich Hamlet as the Bostik League Premier Division leaders won 2-1 against Brightlingsea Regent on Saturday .
A crowd of 1,828 were at Champion Hill to see an eighth victory in 10 league matches .
Carew converted from the penalty spot after a handball by Matt Cripps .
Allassani netted their ninth goal for Hamlet before Ricky Griggs cut the deficit just before the break .
Trey Small scored a first-half hat-trick as Fisher won 3-0 at home to Sutton Athletic in the SCEFL First Division .
Trending : Victims of Waffle House shooting remembered at vigil and # MakeMelaniaSmileAgain
Connect with the writer :
Follow @ kimberleidavis
Get breaking news , weather and traffic on the go . Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet .
Now , more than ever before is a time to be thinking about cryptocurrencies . Over the past few years , cryptocurrency has grown exponentially because of its attractiveness to people looking to use this alternative money . Bitcoin , the best known of the new cryptocurrencies , is one of those words surrounded by automatic buzz , in part because everyone 's so excited about its potential .
Related : 6 Cryptocurrencies You Should Know About ( and None of Them Are Bitcoin )
And it 's no surprise that cryptocurrencies are exciting , overall . Because they 're decentralized ( no banks ! ) , anonymous and electric , they 've got the potential to change the world as we know it .
Interestingly , that change will extend beyond the finance sector : Cryptocurrency , it turns out , has a huge number of uses , many of which will surprise you . Just take a look at these ten :
1 . Wealth management
Wealth management is one of the most exciting ways cryptocurrency can be used . That 's why companies such as SwissBorg -- a company that 's created its own tokens for investment solutions -- are giving investors some great opportunities to manage their wealth without boundaries or restrictions . According to the SwissBorg website , `` Whether you are an individual , a DAO [ decentralized autonomous organization ] or a financial expert , SwissBorg is a democratic ecosystem where you can manage a portfolio of crypto assets . ''
2 . Digital publishing engagement
Digital publishers and advertisers are scrambling to find ways to increase their relevancy with one another . Today , traditional banner ads that have almost nothing to do with an article are simply ineffective with users . To fix the irrelevance problem , SolidOpinion has introduced a new type of pay-per-article advertising where advertisers can pay for valuable ad real estate just above a relevant article that a target audience member is consuming on a publishing site .
This technology utilizes a proprietary form of cryptocurrency , Engagement Token , to fuel engagement ; both publishers and audience members can earn tokens by commenting and publishing original content , and advertisers buy tokens to select their ad placements among relevant articles .
A great cryptocurrency is the ability to take advantage of its trackability . So with advertising , this technology makes sense : SolidOpinion , for example , has created its own digital currency ( engagement tokens ) that track engagement and the viral spread of information , which gets online advertisers the information they need and the capability to use it efficiently .
Related : Bitcoin and Other Cryptocurrencies : the Next Shiny Object or the Next Gold Mine ?
3 . Ethical business practices
Cryptocurrency can also be used to encourage ethical business practices . Because blockchain makes it possible to track every transaction with complete transparency , businesses with a record of human rights abuses -- the fishing industry , for instance , -- will ( hopefully ) take on more ethical business practices .
4 . Battling electoral fraud
Another ethical application of cryptocurrency will be its ability to help battle electoral fraud . Santiago Siri is the co-founder of Democracy Earth , a non-profit that 's designing an app to combine voting with blockchain technology . Siri says that with cryptocurrency , electoral fraud -- or any other kind of corruption involving money -- will no longer be possible .
`` The blockchain is incorruptible ; no one can modify or subvert how the votes are stored , and that 's vital for democracy , '' Siri has said .
5 . De-corrupting charities
Additionally , cryptocurrency can be used to avoid corruption in charitable organizations . Because of its ability to keep companies accountable , blockchain can eliminate many problems occurring with charities , such as fund leaks . That 's why the World Food Programme ( WFP ) is using blockchain to securely distribute cash assistance to the hungry .
6 . Going green
If you 're an environmentalist , you 'll be happy to hear that cryptocurrency can be used to make the world greener , too . For example , there 's the Brooklyn Microgrid . With this system , people who already have solar panels are able to sell environmental credits through a phone app , to residents who do n't have direct access -- which means using less carbon-based power and more solar-based energy .
7.Travel
As Bitcoin becomes accepted by more and more retailers , people are going to have the chance to use them for a huge number of transactions . Travel transactions are just one category . The website cheapair.com , a travel agency where you can purchase flights , hotels , car rentals and cruises , has been accepting Bitcoin since 2013 .
8 . Education
More and more , schools are accepting cryptocurrencies as a form of payment . According to Futurism.com , universities in Switzerland , Germany , Cyprus and the United States have started to accept Bitcoin as payment . This form of payment will surely grow as this currency becomes more and more popular .
9 . Fund-raising
Many startups are now using cryptocurrencies in order to fund their ideas , services and products . Instead of using traditional VC funding , or using fund-raising websites such as IndieGoGo or Kickstarter , startup leaders are looking to cryptocurrency as a way to raise money for what they need . Because it 's easy to track and obtain money this way , it 's revolutionizing the entire fund-raising process .
10 . Augmented reality
I saved the best for last as I have a slight bias because of my company Blendar , which rewards users for viewing AR experiences with cryptocurrency . Thanks to the Pokémon Go craze and companies like Candy Lab , which have paved the way for location-based AR , a whole new breed of startups has evolved . Location-based augmented reality experiences will be the future of experiential marketing .
And here , Fluffr.io , is another company to keep your eyes open for , as it has partnered with Blendar and Candy Lab to drive revolutionary in-person experiences , using a social currency based on the blockchain .
As you can see , there are plenty of ways that cryptocurrency is changing every single aspect of our lives . As cryptocurrencies gain popularity in the business world and in our daily lives , more and more uses will come about , revolutionizing the world as we know it .
Related : 4 Pros and Cons of Investing in a New Cryptocurrencies
Do you use cryptocurrency in your business or everyday life ? What are the pros and cons ?
NATO reaffirms support for OSCE MG efforts in Karabakh talks
2017-06-15 11:07 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku , Azerbaijan , June 15
By Leman Zeynalova – Trend :
NATO continues to encourage both Armenia and Azerbaijan to work towards a peaceful resolution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict , a NATO official told Trend June 15 .
The official was commenting on the recent visit of James Appathurai , NATO secretary general 's special representative for the South Caucasus and Central Asia , to Armenia , where they made several statements regarding the peaceful settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict .
“ NATO fully supports the [ OSCE ] Minsk Group 's efforts to that end , ” the NATO official said .
The conflict between the two South Caucasus countries began in 1988 when Armenia made territorial claims against Azerbaijan . As a result of the ensuing war , in 1992 Armenian armed forces occupied 20 percent of Azerbaijan , including the Nagorno-Karabakh region and seven surrounding districts .
The 1994 ceasefire agreement was followed by peace negotiations . Armenia has not yet implemented four UN Security Council resolutions on withdrawal of its armed forces from the Nagorno-Karabakh and the surrounding districts .
“ Appathurai 's recent visit to Armenia was aimed at taking stock of NATO-Armenia cooperation , on the basis of an Individual Partnership Action Plan ( also referred to as IPAP ) signed by NATO and Armenia , ” noted the official . “ This IPAP focuses on areas such as interoperability and defense reform . ”
-- -
Follow the author on Twitter : @ Lyaman_Zeyn
Yorkshire farmers were demanding a government inquiry into alleged profiteering by supermarkets from sales of beef this week in 1998 .
Some stores were reportedly reaping profits of more than 100 per cent on beef at a time when farmers were suffering from plunging incomes .
The allegations came after an investigation by the BBC , which followed a single bullock through the food chain . It was bought for £667 at market , and after transport and other costs were accounted for , it cost a total of £723.66 to put it on sale at a high street butcher 's shop .
Meanwhile , the same cuts of meat would have been sold by major supermarkets for between £1,350 and £1,660 . One Yorkshire farmer said they were furious about the increasing power of the supermarkets , who they said were “ abusing ” their position to keep shareholders happy .
While the main Westminster parties fired the opening salvos in their local election campaigns , Ulster Unionist David Trimble vowed to secure a resounding ‘ Yes ' vote for the Northern Ireland peace settlement .
Mr Trimble said a ‘ No ' to the agreement in May 's referendum would be to hand victory to the IRA . But they insisted they were not contemplating defeat and was confident of persuading a clear majority of the Ulster Unionist Council to back the plan .
In an impassioned speech , they said that there was no alternative to the Good Friday Agreement and it was “ ... as good as it gets ” . They added that such a chance of peace “ ... may not come around again for another generation . ”
The Yorkshire Post reported on the peaceful end to the life of a despot who ranked alongside Hitler and Stalin as the 20th century 's most evil man . Many had expected the former Cambodian dictator Pol Pot , 73 , to meet a bloody end – but they died in their own bed in their jungle home , apparently from a heart attack .
James Earl Ray , the convicted killer of the black American civil rights leader Martin Luther King , also died . Aged 70 , they had been receiving treatment for terminal liver disease , but died still protesting their innocence .
Meanwhile , a chunk of ice bigger that 's the city of York had broken away from the Antarctic continent – reinforcing scientists ' warnings that global warming could cause devastating climate change .
Experts said the loss of a piece of the Larsen B ice shelf was the latest proof that “ something dramatic ” was happening in the southern polar region , which had grown 2.5C warmer since the 1940s .
The week 's most heartwarming story was that of the reunion of two brothers after 64 years apart . During that time not a day had passed without Frank Beale , who lived in Morley , Leeds , wondering about their younger brother Patrick .
The two had been separated in 1934 , when Frank was 10 and Patrick three . They were taken into care after their mother Lucy Covell was murdered by their boyfriend . Frank was then looked after by an aunt and uncle – but they had no room for their brother .
So Patrick went to a children 's home and was later adopted by a family who emigrated to Australia . Mr Beale , a retired police officers , had not known where their brother was , nor even if they were still alive – until a phone call from Patrick who had tracked them down from faraway Perth .
After the shock had worn off and joy set in , Patrick had now travelled to see Frank for a short stay . It went well and a much longer visit was on the cards .
“ A very long time has passed us by , ” said Frank . “ But now we will stay in constant touch ... and I ca n't wait to see them again . ”
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : The concluding ceremony of the “ Human Rights through Cinematography ” film festival held here at Lok Virsa , co-organized by European Union , the United Nations and the Embassy of Switzerland .
Cosmopolitanism , another documentary was also showcased at the concluding ceremony which marked the conclusion of the “ Human Rights through Cinematography ” film festival .
Running from November 23 to December 10 , this film festival travelled to different cities including Gujrat , Islamabad , Karachi , Lahore , Multan , Peshawar , Quetta and Rawalpindi .
The screenings were held in embassies , UN Information Centre , Goethe-Institut , universities and Pakistan National Council of Arts , as in previous editions , with the support of the European Union .
A highlight of the film festival was the participation of young students of universities at all venues especially in many universities across the country . The human rights through cinematography film festival presented 25 documentaries on human right violations across the world .
The screenings on the Human Rights Day were followed by panel discussion on “ Defending Human Rights in troubled times : Dignity and Adversity ” .
Jan Figel Special Envoy of the European Union , Rabiya Javeri Agha , Federal Secretary Ministry of Human Rights , Isabelle Gattiker Director of the International Film Festival and Forum on Human Rights , Juan Lozano Director Crime Hunters , Sara Belal Founder of Justice Project Pakistan and Christine Chung Human Rights Officer at the Office of the High Commissioner of Human Rights participated in the panel discussion .
An app masquerading as MyEtherWallet.com , one of the internet 's most popular services for storing ETH and other crypto coins , has made its way to the top of the iOS App Store charts .
The app rose to the number three spot in Finance category of the App Store this weekend as part of a bitcoin frenzy that saw bitcoin exchange Coinbase top Apple 's free download list in the U.S .. In this case , however , it is important to note this app is not official so users should avoid downloading it .
The app developer — who is listed is Nam Le — has three other apps with Apple , including two panda fighting games , but no history of crypto or bitcoin services .
The creators of MyEtherWallet said in a tweet that they have contacted Apple in a bid to have the app removed .
We 've reached out to Apple to get an idea how it made it through all of the standard safety checks , and to ask whether it will remain in the App Store .
This is NOT US . We have file reports and emailed and reported . Would appreciate the communities assistance in getting these scamtards out of our lives . PS : We are # Foss4Lyfe https : //t.co/SmI8cqNvxA — MyEtherWallet.com ( @ myetherwallet ) December 10 , 2017
The iOS app costs $ 4.99 and it first landed on the App Store just over a week ago . It allows users to create or import a wallet to store cryptocurrencies independently of an exchange .
The app notes claim all keys are stored on device , but nevertheless granting an unknown developer full trust of wallet information , be it importing an existing wallet or creating a new one , is certainly ill-advised .
A crypto wallet consists of a public address where money is sent to , that 's shareable , and a private key that grants the wallet owner access — that should never be shared and should be kept securely . Wallets are popular with cryptocurrency owners because they ensure that an exchange does n't own your coins and , as the case of the explosion of one-time bitcoin darling Mt . Gox shows , you get to keep hold of your money even if all goes wrong at the exchange .
Threats aside , the app is also highly unethical/illegal . The developer is monetizing free and open-source software ( FOSS ) , as MyEtherWallet pointed out on Twitter .
It is n't clear how many downloads the app has gotten , but notes from the most recent update are thankful for users ' “ early feedbacks . ”
Apple 's App Store vetting process is notably more rigorous than much of the competition , so it 's curious that the service not only skyrocketed up the charts , but has also secured an ad on the store . The episode is another sign of just how mainstream bitcoin and crypto has become . In this case , Apple may not be aware of what exactly it has allowed into its App Store .
The irony of Apple allowing a crypto knockoff app into the App Store wo n't be lost on regular watchers who will recall that the U.S. firm has removed all VPN apps from China this year at the behest of the government . VPNs , which are crucial for helping those in censored countries access a free internet , were among the 600-plus apps that Apple itself said it has removed from Chinese version of the App Store in 2017 .
Featured Image : Jon Russell/Flickr ( IMAGE HAS BEEN MODIFIED )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Whirlpool Of India Ltd :
* DEC QUARTER NET PROFIT 531.4 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 554.4 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 9.58 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 9.01 BILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* SAYS CONSIDERED TENTATIVE PROPOSAL OF CAPACITY EXPANSION BY 2021-22 WITH COST OF ABOUT 1.70 BILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2GEiMaP Further company coverage :
The Rana Plaza factory building was expanded illegally , with extra floors stacked one on top of another . An engineer had declared it unsafe , and the thousands of people who worked inside , stitching garments for clothing brands from around the world , knew it was trouble .
Protesters placed flowers at a makeshift monument near the abandoned factory site , just outside the capital Dhaka , and urged that the owner of the collapsed building , imprisoned on murder charges , be given the death penalty .
DHAMRAI , Bangladesh—A few hundred workers , activists and relatives of victims of a 2013 garment factory collapse in Bangladesh that killed 1,134 people and left thousands injured held a rally Tuesday as the country marked the fifth anniversary of the disaster .
“ That factory was very risky , ” said Khadiza Begum , who was working there the day the complex collapsed . “ It had weak pillars . It had narrow stairwells . It had no fire exits . ”
“ We saw cracks in the building before it collapsed on us , ” they said .
The tragedy killed 1,134 people , many of them young women supporting extended families , and injured more than 2,500 . It focused international attention on Bangladesh 's role as the world 's second-largest garment producer , and led the government and manufacturing associations to promise big improvements .
Many of the world 's top clothing brands said they would stop contracting with factories if they failed to improve safety for their workers . European and U.S. brands set up programs meant to improve safety .
Five years later , the situation is complicated , according to a recent study conducted by the Center for Business and Human Rights at New York University 's Stern School of Business .
“ We have found tremendous improvement in the larger factories ” involved in the safety programs , Paul Barrett , deputy director of the centre , said in an email . “ But two other categories — factories overseen by the government and subcontracting facilities not overseen by anyone — remain at risk . ”
The centre 's survey of conditions at Bangladesh 's textile factories found that workers at about 3,000 of the country 's 7,000 factories are still exposed to life-threatening risks , ranging from a lack of fire safety equipment to serious structural flaws . The dangerous factories , often small , sometimes subcontract work from larger factories that deal with foreign brands .
Such factories rarely allow access for journalists , though the best-equipped ones are eager to show off their workplaces .
S.M . Khaled is the managing director of the Snowtex Outerwear Ltd . Factory , a $ 42 million complex built after the 2013 disaster in the industrial suburb of Dhamrai , outside the capital Dhaka .
“ The collapse of Rana Plaza was a wake-up call for us — for the industry and for the buyers , ” they said as they walked through the factory . “ Look at my factory . Look around . I have done my best to keep it safe for the workers . ”
“ We have invested a lot to keep my factories safe and compliant , ” they said .
Snowtex , which does business with some of the world 's top brands , has about 8,000 workers in its five-storey factory , each floor spread over 52,000 square feet . It 's just a few kilometres from where Rana Plaza stood .
The factory has wide stairwells , emergency exits , fire-safety equipment , sprinklers and first-aid equipment on hand . Workers have been trained in fire-safety and rescue techniques and the factory runs regular fire drills .
All that is a relief to Begum , who was trapped for hours after the Rana Plaza collapse . They were so shaken by the experience they did n't work for two years .
“ I took a job at a garment factory , but after one or two days there I had the feeling that the floor was shaking , or the building would fall down . I was afraid , and after one or two days I could n't work anymore , ” they said .
Eventually , their family desperate for money , they got a job at Snowtex .
“ It 's very different here , ” they said , sitting in front of a sewing machine . “ This building is good and strong . ”
Textile exports are a huge business for Bangladesh , bringing in $ 28 billion annually , mostly from Europe and the United States .
Many of the improvements after the Rana Plaza collapse were brought on with pressure from the foreign safety initiatives : the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh , organized by European brands , and the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker safety , which was backed by North American retailers . Under the programs , some 2,300 factories have been inspected and many have upgraded their safety standards .
Industry insiders guardedly admit that subcontracting remains a problem , since larger businesses sometimes contract some work out to smaller , less-safe factories . They insist those deals are being phased out .
Khaled said the established factories know they are being monitored by the international brands , and do n't want to get in trouble by subcontracting .
“ This is no longer a major concern like it was before , ” they said , adding that many smaller factories only produce clothes for local markets .
But Barrett disagrees .
“ Subcontractors do exist and play an important role in the industry , ” they said in an email . “ Denial has consequences . ”
Worker safety should not depend on where the clothing is being worn , Roy Ramesh Chandra , president of Bangladesh 's United Federation of Garment Workers , said in an interview .
“ Authorities need to address all the factories — whether it is producing for export ” or for Bangladeshis .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are chasing Atletico Madrid duo Antoine Griezmann and Saul Niguez .
That is according to The Times , who say Jose Mourinho is keen on attracting the pair to Old Trafford as they bid to restore United to the top table of European football .
Griezmann and Niguez have a combined release fee of £145million after each penning fresh terms at the Vicente Calderon over the summer .
Mourinho and United will reportedly wait until the end of the season to make their move , at which point they hope to be back in the Champions League .
Mourinho : Pogba can win Ballon d'Or
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Jose Mourinho speaks ahead of West Ham trip Share this video Watch Next
Jose Mourinho is convinced Paul Pogba can put themselves alongside Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in the frame to win the Ballon d'Or .
Pogba produced another majestic midfield display , capped by scoring the winning goal , on Saturday as Manchester United came from behind to beat Middlesbrough , stretching their run to successive Premier League victories to five and ending 2016 on a high .
United 's world-record £89million signing is growing in stature with every game and beginning to justify Mourinho 's belief that the 23-year-old is the best midfielder in the world , writes Mirror Football 's David McDonnell .
And Mourinho is convinced Pogba can change the perception that only forwards and prolific goal-scorers can win the Ballon d'Or , rather than a player whose influence lies in midfield .
Ibrahimovic blasts doubters
( Photo : PA )
Manchester United golden oldie Zlatan Ibrahimovic has hit back at critics who said they were too old to succeed in the Premier League and accused them of “ talking s * * t ” .
Ibrahimovic ended 2016 with 50 goals to their name , 17 of them coming with the Old Trafford giants following their free switch from Paris Saint-Germain last summer , writes Mirror Football 's David McDonnell .
They should have joined Lionel Messi as the top scorer in world football last year , but fell one short of the Barcelona star after having a goal ruled out in United 's 2-1 win over Middlesbrough .
But Ibrahimovic claimed they have had the last laugh on those who claimed they were past it and would not be able to cut it in the Premier League at 35 .
“ It gives me a lot of energy , trust me , ” said Ibrahimovic . “ A lot of energy , because they get paid to talk s * * t and I get paid to play with my feet - that 's how I enjoy it . ''
PanARMENIAN.Net - Heard Museum visitors have a rare opportunity to see masterpieces by legendary 20th Century Mexican artists Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera now that the Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera exhibit has opened in Phoenix . This is the only North American stop on a limited world tour that began in October at the Art Gallery of New South Wales in Sydney , Australia , Art Daily said .
The 33 works are being exhibited at the Heard Museum in the newly opened Virginia G. Piper Charitable Trust Grand Gallery . Shown through Aug. 20 , the works are from the Jacques and Natasha Gelman Collection . They include Kahlo 's Self Portrait with Monkeys and Diego on My Mind , and Rivera 's Calla Lily Vendor and Sunflowers . The Gelmans were Mexican-based European émigrés who were friends of Kahlo and Rivera .
“ Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera at the Heard will provide our visitors a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience firsthand some of the most famous and iconic paintings ever created , ” said David M. Roche , Heard Museum director and CEO . “ This exhibit further allows the museum to explore the intersection of American Indian art with broader mainstream artistic movements such as Surrealism and Modernism . ”
In addition to the paintings , more than 70 photographs taken by Edward Weston , Lola Alvarez Bravo and Guillermo Kahlo , Frida Kahlo 's father , among others , offer a look into the artists ' lives and tumultuous relationship . This is the second exhibit in the Virginia G. Piper Charitable Trust Grand Gallery , the Heard Museum 's first new gallery in 11 years . The museum is teaming up with local businesses including presenting sponsor , Bank of America and supporting sponsor , PetSmart , Inc .
“ We are committed to artistic diversity that helps unite communities by fostering an understanding and appreciation for art that makes Phoenix such a great place to live and work , ” said Benito Almanza , Phoenix market president , Bank of America . “ We are proud of our collaboration with the Heard Museum and especially pleased to share the Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera exhibition that we hope will educate and inspire .
Follow John Add to circle
Fans of the original `` Top Gear '' cast may vaguely recall an incident from a promotion for their new Amazon show in which Jeremy Clarkson dropped on a piano from a crane onto a small black sedan .
You likely forgot the sedan , but remembered the piano . And the results .
The hapless British car was actually a 1980 Morris Marina , and through an unusual chain of circumstances , it 's now for sale midway through a restoration .
The hard parts have been done : The entire roof , or what was left of it , was sliced off and replaced with the roof from another Marina , one that had not had a piano dropped on it .
The car is now up for auction on eBay UK , ending this Sunday at roughly 3:30 pm Eastern time .
1980 Morris Marina 1700HL onto which Jeremy Clarkson dropped a piano from a crane Enlarge Photo
Seller Kate-Lidesign of Birmingham bought the car intending to take it to auto shows with the piano on it .
But it was otherwise in such good condition that a restoration was called for , complete with the replacement of the entire roof on a body jig to ensure it all stayed straight .
The body was prepped and painted in the original black , but has been lately been sitting idle due to the owner 's ill health . The windshield and rear window remain to be installed , along with lights , bumpers , and the complete interior .
This 1980 Marina 1700HL was the only one ordered in black that year . Before the piano incident , it had been extensively rebuilt and restored in 2008 , and was well-known among Marina fans .
Then Amazon bought it to promote the `` Clarkson , Hammond and May Live '' exhibition in 2015 ... and the video above shows what happened .
Morris Marina ( sold in North America as Austin Marina ) , by Flickr user Chris Sampson ( hha1241 ) Enlarge Photo
From 1973 to 1975 , the Marina was briefly sold in the U.S. as an Austin , earning fame as the subject of a dumping case by the U.S. government against British Leyland and infamy for its disastrous build quality and evident unreliability .
Now , if you want to own a unique piece of Clarkson and May history , this Marina remains one of a kind .
Still , out of respect for the rarity of restored Marinas in the U.K. or anywhere else , we 'd suggest you agree to refrain from dropping another piano onto it .
Hat tips : Alan Brand , British Saloon Car Club of Canada
The 2018 American Black Film Festival will open with the premiere screening of “ Superfly ” on June 13 at the Fillmore Theater in Miami Beach , Fla. , Variety has learned exclusively .
Sony Pictures is opening the title nationwide on the same date to get a two-day jump on Disney and Pixar 's “ Incredibles 2 . ”
“ Superfly ” is directed by Director X in their feature film debut from Alex Tse 's script . It stars Trevor Jackson , Jason Mitchell , Michael Kenneth Williams , Lex Scott Davis , and Jennifer Morrison .
The original 1972 “ Super Fly ” starred Ron O'Neal as a cocaine dealer who is trying to quit the underworld drug business . Directed by Gordon Parks , the $ 500,000 film was massively profitable with box office of $ 30 million .
“ We are thrilled ‘ Superfly ' will be the opening night film at the 2018 ABFF , ” CEO Jeff Friday said . “ For many , the title resonates as a cultural touchstone , not only for the look and style of the film itself , but also for Curtis Mayfield 's legendary soundtrack , and for its place in history . ‘ Superfly ' is one of the few films of its era that featured African-American characters with agency and power . In bringing ‘ Superfly ' to a new generation , Director X has transitioned a timeless classic into a modern day , entertaining film that will be enjoyed by all . ”
EDEN PRAIRIE , Minn. — Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford 's left knee has so far responded well to two weeks of rest , raising the possibility of a return for the next game at Chicago .
Bradford said Friday they are `` definitely feeling better '' after practicing with the team on a limited basis Thursday . That was their first work on the field in two weeks . They have missed the last three games because of soreness and swelling from an injury that occurred in the season opener .
Bradford declined to divulge the specific diagnosis , but said he 's experiencing a residual effect of ACL surgeries they had in 2013 and 2014 . Case Keenum has filled in , while the Vikings have lost two of three . They play Monday against the Bears .
___
It 's not Derek Jeter-esque . It 's not The Captain racing into the hole and making their trademark jump throw or at the plate inside-outing a pitch for a big late-inning single .
No , this start for Jeter , as part owner of the Miami Marlins , has lacked their two greatest assets as a player -- timing and winning .
And now with the Giancarlo Stanton trade , Jeter , known for delivering championships in New York , has already raised a flag for 2018 in Miami -- a white one .
`` You are already hearing the comparisons to [ loathed former owner Jeffrey ] Loria , '' said Miami Herald reporter Clark Spencer , who has covered the Marlins for 18 years . `` Jeter 's honeymoon lasted about a day and a half . ''
Editor 's Picks Bye-bye , Baby Bombers ! Adding Giancarlo Stanton signals return of the Evil Empire The likeable young Yankees of last season are all grown up . In 2018 , they look to have the reigning NL MVP anchoring their already-powerful lineup .
Law : How Yankees ' no-brainer deal became Marlins ' lost opportunity Miami missed a prime chance to acquire strong talent for its future when it agreed to trade Giancarlo Stanton . 1 Related
As far as honeymoons , Jeter 's in South Florida has been nothing like their 1996 beginning in the Bronx , when they won a World Series and the Rookie of the Year award . But by dealing Stanton , the reigning NL MVP and home-run king -- to of all teams the Yankees -- Jeter is again the center of the baseball world as the winter meetings begin in earnest . Just not in a way he 's used to .
Much of their predicament preceded their arrival in Miami . There was support to tear down the Marlins before last year , but with Loria planning to sell the club , the Fish gave a playoff push one more try . That left the prospective new owners with the task of trying to right the ship .
`` The fan base , what is left of it , is very jaded , '' Spencer said . `` They are tired of rebuilds . They have n't had a team in the playoffs since '03 . Only the Mariners have gone longer without a postseason appearance . They have n't had a winning season since '09 , so it 's been an eight-year drought , presently the longest drought in the majors without a winning season . Anyone who owned this team right now , be it Jeter , if Loria kept it or some new owner , would be doing exactly the same thing . ''
Jeter reportedly put in just $ 25 million of the $ 1.2 billion cost of the franchise . Besides being a future Hall of Fame player , they do n't have much of a background as an executive , unless you count their publisher title at the Players ' Tribune .
`` They need someone with experience , '' one major league executive said . `` They are in a Catch-22 . They will take $ 25 million off the books with the Stanton trade , but what does it do to revenues ? Who is going to go to the games ? ''
Jeter 's handling of the Stanton situation was questioned ; two executives said the proper way to go about it would have been to find the teams Stanton would go to and work from there . But the Marlins put together the parameters for deals to San Francisco and St. Louis , while Stanton preferred the Dodgers and the Yankees .
The Captain delivered five championship banners in the Bronx , but by trading superstar Giancarlo Stanton -- to the Yankees of all teams -- Marlins ' new COO Derek Jeter will be raising a different flag in South Beach in 2018 . A white one . AP Photo/Alan Diaz
`` The player drives the situation with a no-trade clause , '' the executive said .
Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner has twice chatted with Jeter , albeit briefly , about being in charge . Before the Yankees and the Marlins made the Stanton deal , Steinbrenner said they felt Jeter would be able to handle the pressure , but there is one important aspect of the job Jeter needs to get right .
`` To me , whether you are a player or not a player , you have to know what your fans ' expectations are , because they are the reason you are there , '' Steinbrenner said .
There is a narrative Jeter was doing Steinbrenner and the Yankees a favor with the lopsided trade , but that 's not accurate . Stanton , because of their right to veto destinations , controlled the trade board and , after they knocked the Giants and Cardinals off the table , the Dodgers passed on first crack , leaving Jeter desperate -- and the Yankees pounced .
It was more coincidental , because Jeter in their post-playing career has kept their distance from the Yankees , rarely returning to visit during spring training , even though they reside in Tampa , or coming to Bronx to check out a game . They were honored in Monument Park when their uniform was retired last May , but beyond that they have been something of a ghost around the Bronx .
Another longtime executive said Jeter is facing a new reality as a former player who now finds themselves in the front office . He 's responsible for an entire organization now , and they have to clearly explain the plan if they want to get their fan base behind it .
`` It is a long-term play , '' the executive said .
Jeter is being crushed in Miami , with ex-Marlins president , David Samson -- whom Jeter fired -- piling on .
`` Maybe they have a plan , '' Samson told Dan Le Batard and Jon Weiner on Miami 's 790 The Ticket . `` I just ca n't figure out what it is . ''
Jeter declined comment for this story , but it would be easy for them to argue they and majority owner , Bruce Sherman , bought a mess left by Loria and Samson .
MLB Offseason From Keith Law 's free-agent rankings to all the big moves , we have the MLB offseason covered .
• Complete MLB hot stove coverage »
The Marlins had a payroll of $ 115 million last season , and even after unloading most of Stanton 's $ 295 million ( what 's left of the 13-year , $ 325 million contract extension they signed in 2014 ) and dropping Dee Gordon 's $ 38 million ( the amount left on their 5-year , $ 50 million deal signed in 2016 ) on the Mariners , they likely are n't done .
`` I think the fans were hoping that a white knight would roll in and throw money at the roster and go get some pitching , '' Spencer said .
The Marlins were fifth in the NL in runs last year . In theory , if they could have found some semblance of a staff , they might 've been good in '18 . But that 's clearly not Jeter 's plan .
While Jeter has attempted to make inroads with corporate leaders , they and the team had some very bad PR , even before the Stanton deal , some from un-Jeter-like timing and some seemingly from simple being clueless .
The team let go of Mr. Marlin , Jeff Conine , as well as three special assistants , Jack McKeon , Tony Perez and Andre Dawson . The Miami Herald reported it was Jeter 's call , though they did n't actually make the phone call , having Samson do it before Samson was fired .
After the bad publicity from that , Jeter tried to hire the four men back , but at a much reduced rate . They all declined .
The Marlins told longtime scout , Marty Scott , they would not renew their contract as Scott sat in a hospital hoping for a kidney transplant following surgery for colon cancer . Scott was just another incumbent the Marlins were letting go , but the story , broken by Yahoo ! , made Jeter look less than classy , even if it was more a case of bad timing and optics than depravity .
`` They had no idea , '' Spencer said . `` They would have never done something like that . They did n't explain to it that way . That 's the problem . ''
Canning the Marlins ' TV broadcast team did n't help , either . Play-by-play commentator Rich Waltz and analysts Conine and Preston Wilson were dismissed . The year before , Fox Sports Florida let go of analyst Tommy Hutton . Thus , it might 've been bad timing for Jeter , but Jeter never seemed to have bad timing before they got to South Florida .
We all know Jeter is one of the game 's most legendary players . But that has n't helped the Marlins much . In fact , there have been a lot of errors , and they have only been on the job a few months .
They have a bad hand , which is a weird position for him . The Stanton no-trade clause gave the Marlins little leverage because , though their baseball people want talent , the books matter more .
`` The money always wins out in the end , '' one of the executives said .
With Stanton gone , the new COO is the biggest star on their own team . And , so far , Jeter looks like he 's playing out of position .
UNLV assistant hockey coach Nick Robone has a message for all the people who helped save their lives during the Las Vegas shooting . ( 1:29 )
UNLV men 's hockey assistant coach Nick Robone said the selflessness of their paramedic brother and friends saved their lives amid the hail of gunfire at Sunday 's tragic shooting in Las Vegas .
`` I was fortunate to survive a horrific tragedy ; however , I believe it 's important that everyone tells their story , '' Robone , 28 , told ESPN from their room at Sunrise Hospital in Las Vegas .
Editor 's Picks UNLV football planning tributes for victims , local heroes of Las Vegas tragedy The Rebels wearing custom helmets for Saturday 's game is just one way the team will be banding together after Sunday 's mass shooting .
Bryant , Harper team up for Las Vegas victims Las Vegas natives Kris Bryant and Bryce Harper may be trying to outdo each other between the lines , but they 're working together to provide help for the victims of the Sunday 's shooting .
Golden Knights , Stars honor shooting victims After Dallas introductions , the Stars players skated from their blue line to the Vegas blue line so that both sets of players were together for pregame remembrances Friday night . 2 Related
Authorities say 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured in a 10-minute barrage of bullets fired from an upper-story Mandalay Bay hotel room window into a country music festival below . The gunman killed themselves before police reached him .
Robone , a Las Vegas native who is in their third year coaching with UNLV 's club team , was attending the concert when they suffered a gunshot wound to the chest . They were initially tended to by their paramedic brother , Anthony , and their friends .
Robone said their brother and friends then returned to the scene and joined first responders in helping other victims .
Robone underwent surgery to remove a bullet from their chest and is expected to make a full recovery .
`` I know that are many people are unsure of how they can help . I can also say there many ways to contribute financially , emotionally , or through strong compassionate empathy , '' Robone said . `` Showing kindness to even one person affected can change their lives . ''
Following the shooting , teams and athletes throughout the sports world have expressed their sympathy and shock over the tragedy . UNLV 's football team is planning a pregame tribute to honor victims and first responders before Saturday 's game against San Diego State .
Robone 's own team hosted Utah on Friday night . The Rebels , who won 8-0 , were seeking a sense of normalcy , but reminders of the shooting and its victims were everywhere . Members of the fire department and an honor guard were on hand , and `` 10-1 '' ( the date of the shooting ) and `` 0:58 '' ( the number of victims ) were posted on the scoreboard pregame . Fans penned messages to Robone .
`` There were heroes everywhere that night ; not all of them wore badges or uniforms . Common citizens bonded together to help one another during the city 's darkest hour , '' Robone said .
ESPN 's full interview with Robone premiers Sunday at 9 a.m . ET on SportsCenter .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Ham United striker Diafra Sakho has emerged as a surprise target for Cardiff City .
The Bluebirds are second in the Championship , four points clear of third placed Bristol City , and manager Neil Warnock is looking to get their side over the promotion line .
The 27-year-old was close to moving to Rennes in August and according to the Daily Mail they are keen to move with the Championship a realistic option .
It 's thought that the Hammers will want £12million for the Senegal international .
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton will have the support of their board in January as they look to sign Hibs midfielder John McGinn .
Forest saw an offer in the region of £750,000 turned down for the Scotland international in the summer , but are now expected to return with an improved offer when the window opens .
The Daily Record report that Warburton 's latest quotes have put the Easter Road side on alert .
Hibs head coach Neil Lennon has admitted that the club is expecting interest in 23-year-old and former Rangers boss Warburton is a big admirer .
They said : “ Lots of work is going on , have no doubt about that .
“ The board support we are receiving and the communication is really good . So I hope we will be able to do what we have to do .
“ We hope we will have good activity during the window that will work out well for everyone .
Leeds United have started their January transfer window activity by agreeing to sign Yosuke Ideguchi for an initial £500k .
The midfielder has been a long-term target for some time after impressing for both their club side and at international level , where they made their breakthrough earlier in 2017 .
The club have moved to confirm a deal with the 21-year-old 's current club Gamba Osaka but the Japan international will be sent out on loan in January as the club wait for a work permit .
Leeds Live report that there is a confidence that they will qualify for a work permit in time to be added to the first-team squad for the start of the 2018/19 season .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
THROOP — Mid Valleyfans could not be silenced Friday night at Spartans Stadium as it defeated Montrose in its homecoming game .
Joe Chylak had 16 carries for 196 yards and two touchdowns , putting them over the 1,000-yard mark for the season as the Spartans defeated the Meteors , 21-3 , in a Lackawanna Football Conference Division III game .
Chylak 's backfield partner , Colin Hazelton , added 17 carries for 115 yards and a touchown .
Chylak opened up the scoring on a 10-yard rush with two minutes left in the first quarter . They also scored Mid Valley 's last points with nine minutes left in the third quarter on a 24-yard rush .
They appeared unfazed by defenders , seamlessly shaking them off on every single one of their runs , which lead to them not having a run for less than seven yards , and nine of their 16 runs being for first downs .
“ I appreciate every part of this community and league , ” Chylak said . “ Great fans and I could n't do it without the offensive linemen . ”
While Montrose ( 1-6 , 1-5 LFC Division III ) had no answer for Mid Valley 's running game , the Meteors running game struggled , gaining just 121 yards on 29 carries — 65 of those yards coming on one run from John Herman late in the fourth
quarter .
Although Mid Valley ( 4-3 , 3-3 ) lost three fumbles , it did pile up 25 first downs , and with the lead , killed the clock and capped drives with touchdowns .
Contact the writer :
sports @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9125 ;
@ sportsTT on Twitter
French venture capital firm ISAI just raised a new $ 175 million fund ( €150 million ) called ISAI Expansion II . This fund is designed for later stage investments .
The firm says that it managed to raise this fund in less than three months . This is a growth fund and the team plans to invest between $ 6 million and $ 35 million per deal ( between €5 million and €30 million ) .
ISAI first started with a seed fund back in 2010 . The company raised a $ 41 million fund ( €35 million ) and invested in BlaBlaCar shortly after that . The firm has raised a growth fund and another seed fund since then .
If you include today 's new fund , ISAI has raised over $ 350 million in total ( €300 million ) . So ISAI Expansion II is by far the biggest fund to date .
Limited partners include dozens of successful tech entrepreneurs as well as institutional partners . Many existing investors invested once again in ISAI 's new fund . Some entrepreneurs joined the list for the first time .
With the previous ISAI Expansion fund , the firm invested in nine companies over five years . And ISAI already sold its shares in two companies , Hospimedia and Labelium .
ISAI also says that it can help entrepreneurs using owner buy-out transactions . By creating a holding company , this type of operations lets entrepreneurs cash out , buy shares from existing minor investors and work with a new investor .
More interestingly , ISAI does n't necessarily want to focus on Paris-based tech startups . The firm is also looking for investments in more traditional companies that are n't yet taking advantage of digital opportunities .
ISLAMABAD , Feb 15 ( APP ) : Chinese investors are keen to set up industrial park , power generation plants and joint ventures ( JV ) in many sectors of Pakistan as they considered it a potential market for business and investment .
This was observed by Deng Jihai , Chairman , International Green Economy Association of China while addressing business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( ICCI ) , said a statement issued here on Wednesday .
Deng Jihai visited ICCI at the head of a 20 member Chinese delegation
and held B2B meetings with local counterparts .
The delegation is representing various sectors including power
generation , biomass energy , industrial park development , agriculture , food processing , logistics , consultation services , textiles and garments , ship building , real estate , biotechnology , medical science and others .
Deng Jihai said that their Association has already brought 3 delegations to Pakistan and purpose of such visits was to study Pakistan 's market and explore opportunities for investment and joint ventures in CPEC projects .
They said CPEC summit would be held in May this year and they would present report of their visits to Pakistan to the said Summit .
They said Chinese delegation members were interested in putting up
industrial units of their relevant sectors in Pakistan like small and big
power plants , ships construction , food processing units etc .
They said ICCI should also send its delegation to China as their country
offered good investment opportunities to Pakistani investors .
In their welcome address , Khalid Iqbal Malik , President , ICCI said that
CPEC project had put both countries on a long-term partnership and added that private sector of Pakistan was keen to enter into joint ventures with Chinese counterparts in this historic project .
They said bilateral trade between Pakistan and China was growing steadily , but balance of trade was heavily in favor of China .
They said China was making imports of billions of dollars every year to
meet needs of its domestic industry and emphasized that it should focus on enhancing imports from Pakistan to reduce the current bilateral trade imbalance .
They apprised the Chinese delegation about investment opportunities in
various sectors of Pakistan 's economy including power generation , agriculture , infrastructure development , real estate , biotechnology , medical science and many other areas .
They urged that more Chinese investors should come to Pakistan with
technology transfer to invest and set up joint ventures in Pakistan in areas of interest .
They assured that ICCI would provide all possible cooperation to Chinese
investors in such efforts .
Khalid Malik Senior Vice President ICCI and others also spoke on the
occasion .
Michael Muckian , Contributing writer
StageQ , Madison 's LGBT theater company , changed the dates for its popular short play festival , seeking to attract more interest and involvement from participants and audience members .
Queer Shorts 2.1 : Queer Love will run for six performances Feb. 10–18 at the Bartell Theatre , just off Madison 's Capitol Square . Ten new plays 5-10 minutes in length comprise the program , a series now in its 12th year .
Queer Shorts had always run in late spring , competing with various LGBTQ Pride events , said Michael Bruno , StageQ 's artistic consultant and social media coordinator . The move to February is an experiment to see if the series would attract more submissions and audience members .
The first part of the strategy proved successful .
“ We were flooded with submissions from across the country , ” Bruno said .
“ I am proud to say that three of our 10 chosen plays were written by local authors , ” they added .
Queer Shorts ' run during the two weekends before and after Valentine 's Day automatically suggested the show 's love theme .
Bruno said many kinds of love are explored in the 10 works . A look at the offerings :
• A Life Enriching Community , written by Philip Middleton Williams and directed by Malissa Petterson , concerns gay couple Adam and Paul and the changes and emotional baggage they bring with them to their new home in a Florida retirement community .
• Non-refundable , written by C.J . Ehrlich and directed by Isa Leigh , focuses on a lesbian couple escaping their Bible Belt hometown for a much-needed vacation . They learn more about themselves and each other during an unlikely hotel room invasion .
• A Lovely Little Life , written by Dan Berkowitz and directed by Heather Renken , finds Kitty and Sylvia reminiscing about their long life together and how it ended .
• Never Too Old , written by Eli Effinger-Weintraub and directed by Simone LaPierre , focuses on Troy 's midlife sexual identity crisis and how Evan shows Troy new possibilities .
• Lunch with “ Friends , ” written by Rhea MacCallum and directed by Jan Levine Thal , considers the reaction of old “ friends ” meeting for lunch to a guest who arrives with unexpected news .
• Perfect 10 , written by Kent Forsberg and directed by Dan Jendrzejewski , finds college students Jessica , Alex and Cody searching for the “ perfect 10 ” on campus .
• Rex Turns 50 , written by Steven Smith and directed by Jim Chiolino , concerns Rex 's birthday and what partner Spencer has up their sleeve in the way of surprises .
• Fairy : Tale of Two Brothers Separate ( d ) , written by Steven P. Perkins and directed by Edric Johnson , explores men and masculinity , gender and sexuality and power and privilege — and the way they all come together .
• Here or Back at My Place , written and directed by John Siewert , offers a “ biblical experiment ” with love , lust and the male libido .
Finally , Bruno said they are intrigued by the playlet they are directing , Adam Szudrich 's Slow Dating , an 8-minute solo monologue in which a seventy-something senior , portrayed by Sarah Wehlan , describes a speed-dating-for-seniors event in which their most likely match is not any of the men in attendance .
“ It 's a wonderful monologue in which a woman of a certain age finds themselves questioning their heterosexuality , ” Bruno said . “ You do n't find many pieces that deal with seniors in a meaningful way . ”
The three locally written plays are by Steven Smith , Kent Forsburgh and John Siewert , who is the first Queer Shorts author to direct their own work .
StageQ 's optimism for Queer Shorts is buoyed by the uptick in submissions and participants brought on by the date change .
The other four theatrical companies that call The Bartell home — Madison Theatre Guild , Stroller Theatre , Mercury Players Theatre and Kathie Rasmussen Women 's Theater — also benefit from the influx of interest and talent , Bruno said .
“ Queer Shorts is perfect for first-time actors and directors who ca n't commit the time and effort necessary to participate in a full-length play , ” Bruno said . “ It also helps us because it brings in people who otherwise might not have auditioned for a play . ”
Bruno hopes the audience response will be just as enthusiastic .
On Stage
StageQ presents Queer Shorts 2.1 : Queer Love Feb. 10–18 at the Bartell Theatre , 113 E. Mifflin St. , Madison . Tickets are $ 15 for Thursday and Sunday performances and $ 20 for Friday and Saturday performances . The box office is open 2-6 p.m. Tuesday through Friday and an hour before and during all performances . For more , call 608-661-9696 or go online to stageq.com .
Netflix have been famously tight lipped when revealing statistics surrounding their original films and movies , however in their recently released Q1 2017 earnings video the company have dropped some interesting numbers — including just how much Adam Sandler content Netflix users actually watch .
With the streaming service now available in 190 countries worldwide , it should come as no surprise to hear that the site will likely reach 100 million subscribers in April , with 50 million of those from the US alone . And as it turns out those almost-100 million subscribers are watching a hell of a lot of Adam Sandler films , having streamed 500 million hours of Sandler content since The Ridiculous Six released .
Yes , that 's half a billion hours since The Ridiculous Six was released just over 17 months ago on December 11 , 2015 . That 's 29 million hours a month , or 1 million hours a day — just on Adam Sandler content !
Adam Sandler : delighted [ Credit : Netflix ]
See also :
This revelation from Netflix explains why Netflix recently extended Sandler 's current deal from 2014 to include a further four films , for a total of eight feature length Adam Sandler films . Ted Sarandos , Netflix Chief Content Officer had this to say when the deal was announced back in March :
`` Adam Sandler is one of the leading comedians in the film world , and their movies have proven to be extremely successful with our subscribers around the world . We are thrilled at the opportunity to extend our partnership with Adam and their entire team at Happy Madison and keep the world laughing . ''
Sandlers the latest film , Sandy Wexler is available to stream now on Netflix
Waymo has been granted a patent to deck out its self-driving cars in a material that becomes less rigid when its sensors detect a high chance of collision .
Autonomous cars have unresolved safety issues . Although these machines might not suffer from the dangers of fatigue or road rage , they still are n't completely safe . Collisions are inevitable – if not from problems with the software and sensors then the fact that some human drivers tend to run into the things out of impatience or incompetence .
Waymo is hoping to minimize the damage of car crashes by using tension cables or a grooved surface that softens upon impact .
“ The force of the vehicle 's impact is a primary factor in the amount of damage that is caused by the vehicle . Accordingly , it is desirable to design a vehicle that can reduce the force of impact experienced during a collision , ” according to the patent filing .
The idea is that sensors detecting an imminent crash with an object in the vehicle 's surroundings will kickstart a mechanism that decreases the rigidity of the vehicle .
Tension cables attached to the surface of the vehicle can be relaxed by “ cutting , releasing , or loosening ” the cables so that the tension is reduced . “ The surface of the vehicle may be at least one of a hood , bumper , or panel . A portion of the surface may be corrugated . ”
That 's not the only safety patent granted to the self-driving startup . Last year , Waymo filed a bizarre patent for an “ adhesive vehicle front end. ” Coating the bumper in a sticky layer will supposedly glue the colliding object – such as a pedestrian – to the front of the car during the impact like flypaper , to protect them from “ secondary impacts. ” ®
Sponsored : The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Just when you thought you were having a bad day at work , you come across someone or something that brings you back around and says , everything 's gon na be alright !
I was coming back home from a road trip this past Memorial Day weekend and came across this mess . One look at the picture and you see that someone or somebody had a bad day .
I have n't heard that any worker was hurt in the collapse of this new construction near 41st and Sycamore , but the pile of lumber is impressive if you drive by .
I stopped by and took a quick shot of the mess with the Samsung Galaxy S7 I use courtesy of Sprint Sioux Falls .
How about you ? Anything like this ever happen to you at work ? It has happened to us here at the radio station and I know how painful and time consuming it can be to clean up and rebuild .
See Also :
Marching Band 's Expected Performance In Inaugural Parade Sparks Controversy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
The organizers of President-elect Donald Trump 's inaugural parade released a list of the groups who have accepted invitations to perform . Included on the list of 40 groups was the marching band from Alabama 's oldest private , historically black liberal arts college , Talladega College .
While officials from the college have not yet addressed the performance publicly , the band 's expected participation has sparked debate on social media websites . ( NPR 's calls and messages to Talladega and to the chairperson of the college 's board went unanswered . )
One user on bandhead.org wrote , `` It 's a Presidential Inauguration , a high profile event . It 's a great experience for the band . '' Another posted , `` All exposure is n't good exposure . ''
Talladega 's participation comes after other marching bands , including the band from Howard , a historically black university in Washington , D.C. , did not apply to perform . Washington , D.C. , high school bands are also not participating .
Though Howard 's band director John Newson told NBC4 that Howard 's `` band had too few members and was facing budgetary constraints , '' they implied other considerations may have contributed to the decision . NBC4 reported :
[ Newson ] said they suspect that many band directors ' and school administrators ' political beliefs played into whether they applied to participate in the parade . `` I think everybody knows why and no one wants to say and lose their job , '' Newson said .
Nikky Finney , who graduated from Talladega in 1979 and is now a poet and chair in creative writing and southern studies at the University of South Carolina , condemned the band 's participation in the inaugural parade . They said :
The news that Talladega College has forgotten its steady and proud 150 years of history , by making the decision to not stand in solidarity with other clear-eyed and courageous people , academic institutions , and organizations , protesting the inauguration of one of the most antagonistic , hatred-spewing , unrepentant racists , has simply and unequivocally broken my heart today . Historical Black colleges are duty bound to have and keep a moral center and be of great moral consciousness while also teaching its students lessons about life that they will need going forward , mainly , that just because a billionaire — who cares nothing about their 150 years of American existence — invites them to a fancy , gold-plated , dress-up party , they have the moral right and responsibility to say `` no thank you , '' especially when the blood , sweat , and tears and bodies , of black , brown , and native people are stuffed in the envelope alongside the RSVP . This should have been a teachable moment for the President of Talladega College instead it has become a moment of divisiveness and shame . Bags of money and the promise of opportunity have always been waved in front of the faces and lives of struggling human beings , who have historically been relegated to the first-fired and the last-hired slots of life . It has been used to separate us before . It has now been used to separate us again .
Other performers , including Elton John and Celine Dion , have turned down invitations to participate in inauguration ceremonies as well . Several others have said they would n't perfom either . The BBC reported that Grammy-winner John Legend said , `` Creative people tend to reject bigotry and hate . We tend to be more liberal-minded . When we see somebody that 's preaching division and hate and bigotry , it 's unlikely he 'll get a lot of creative people that want to be associated with him . ''
On Monday , British singer Rebecca Ferguson said they were invited to sing at the inauguration . They said they would accept if they could sing `` Stange Fruit , '' the lyrics of which describe the lynchings of black people in the the U.S . Originally a poem written by Abel Meeropol , the protest song includes the line : `` Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze . ''
NPR 's email to to the Presidential Inaugural Committee has not yet been returned .
Hurriyet : April escalation improved Azerbaijan 's tactical positions
2017-04-18 11:30 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku , Azerbaijan , Apr . 18
By Elmira Tariverdiyeva – Trend :
The four-day battles in April 2016 brought Azerbaijan and Armenia the closest they have been to an all-out war in Nagorno-Karabakh since the 1994 truce , Zaur Shiriyev , academy associate at the Royal Institute of International Affairs ( Chatham House ) in London , wrote in their article published by the Hurriyet Daily News .
The April battles marked the most serious escalation in hostilities in terms of both military hardware and human loss , noted the author .
In the two decades since , violence along the Line of Contact has erupted periodically with increasing intensity , they said , adding that Azerbaijan 's political and military leadership declared that the April violence was the result of Armenia 's provocation .
“ Due to the widespread support for Azerbaijan 's territorial integrity , including from the U.S. , President Ilham Aliyev 's stance was that “ it was an adequate response to provocation. ” They refuted all claims that it had been a pre-planned offensive , ” added Shiriyev .
“ Broadly , the four-day war resulted in improving Azerbaijan 's tactical positions along the Line of Contact . In terms of gaining a psychological advantage , the success erased the myth that the Armenian defensive line is highly capable of launching any attack . Baku also sought to go beyond rhetorical threats , demonstrating that it has the capability to use force to liberate the occupied territories if necessary , ” says the article .
“ The initial expectation after the April clashes – following the ceasefire brokered by Moscow – was that increased international awareness would see the West and Moscow cooperating to bring both sides to the negotiating table . However , since the Vienna meeting in May 2016 , the Western countries have essentially disappeared , leaving Russia to fill this particular power vacuum , ” noted the author .
“ Hopes that Azerbaijan 's closer relations with Moscow will hasten a solution have collapsed . As of August 2016 , the conflict 's sides have returned to the pre-April status quo in terms of the diplomatic deadlock in negotiations . The principal problem is that the Azerbaijani authorities exaggerate the extent of Russia 's constructive mediating role in order to put greater pressure on Armenia . However , at the same time , Armenia – as a military ally of Moscow – expects an entirely opposite position , setting Moscow 's initiative at a deadlock . ”
One more factor that limits Azerbaijan 's options is that since the Vienna meeting , Western co-chairs – France and the U.S. – have pushed to increase the number of monitoring missions by the current OSCE Chairman-in-Office , and to establish a monitoring mechanism to investigate incidents along the Line of Contact , wrote Shiriyev in their article .
“ Baku opposes this because it will serve to crystallize the current Line of Contact as a border . The fact that Russia asked for the same mechanism after the August 2016 skirmishes suggests that relying on Moscow does not yield results . This decreases the probability of successful negotiations , but increases the chance of devastating new clashes , ” they added .
Other Co-Chairs of the Minsk Group do not seem to have any desire to revitalize negotiations , said the author .
“ The current U.S. administration is not interested in activity in the South Caucasus , and early indications of a “ Russia First ” policy in the post-Soviet space ( except for Ukraine and Georgia ) offer little hope for engagement in Nagorno-Karabakh conflict resolution . Preferences seem to be oriented towards maintaining the fragile military-political status quo , leaving any conflict resolution initiatives to Moscow . But in the end the domestic political developments in Armenia – the hostage crisis and public challenge to the alliance with Moscow – followed by the supply of Russian missiles , diminished those prospects , ” added Shiriyev .
The conflict between the two South Caucasus countries began in 1988 when Armenia made territorial claims against Azerbaijan . As a result of the ensuing war , in 1992 Armenian armed forces occupied 20 percent of Azerbaijan , including the Nagorno-Karabakh region and seven surrounding districts .
The 1994 ceasefire agreement was followed by peace negotiations . Armenia has not yet implemented four UN Security Council resolutions on withdrawal of its armed forces from the Nagorno-Karabakh and the surrounding districts .
Perfect conditions on Day 3 at Club Marine Geographe Bay Race Week
Conrad Todd 's Stand Aside made the podium with third place in Division 3 . - Club Marine Geographe Bay Race Week 2017 Bernie Kaaks Conrad Todd 's Stand Aside made the podium with third place in Division 3 . - Club Marine Geographe Bay Race Week 2017 Bernie Kaaks
by Bernie Kaaks on 14 FebThe Viper fleet completed its race program with the last three of their windward and return races . Rod Beurteaux consolidated their strong position by winning all three races to win the overall regatta with a perfect score of seven points after dropping a brace of second places . Michael Navarro 's Fizz was runner-up on 13 points and John Park 's Velocity finished in third place . The series proved a very good test for skippers in all conditions . Strong winds on the first day threatened to derail the start of their regatta , but once racing started it proved exciting for competitors and spectators alike . By contrast , light winds and heavy rain on the second day were challenging for quite different reasons so today 's breeze made for a perfect conclusion to their program and a great precursor to their World Championship which will be held on the Swan River in February next year .
Royal Perth Yacht Club commodore Mike Campbell put aside a forgettable second day , when they had the misfortune to collide with another yacht , to post a good victory in Division three 's passage race . Barry Brown and Greg Simpson , both local sailors , were next in Electric Tram and Conrad Todd rounded out the podium in Stand Aside . With one drop in the scoreline , Ken Waller 's Let 's Dance heads the points table from Laurie Flynne 's Dynamic .
Denys Pearce had another good day with a win in the IRC division ahead of La Premiere and enjoys a comfortable lead on the leader board with three points , ahead of Dynamic with six .
Another clear line honours victory for David Clifton 's Thirsty Work was only good enough to earn the boat ninth place on corrected times . Peter Sims steered Fidra to victory and Jon Birch 's Crews Control was second . Although Tilt , sailed by Geoff Salter and Dave Godfrey pushed Ross McLaren 's French Kiss V out of a podium position , French Kiss shares the lead on the points table with Fidra for all races to date .
Lady Liza , sailed by Tony Mills , is the quiet achiever in the Jib and Main fleet . With victory in today 's race , they now move to the top of the points table , one point ahead of Gary Griffiths ' Heaven Can Wait .
Wednesday 's lay day should have the most sailors and their families making the pilgrimage southward to sample the delights of the vineyards in the Margaret River region , but all will be back in action for the resumption of battle on Thursday .
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/151772
Time to try something different !
Ready for this ! ! ? ?
The rest of this week will be all about looking at the horse and the riding from a positive perspective .
Calling it the Positivity Week .
Got that ? It means a full week involving ONLY positive horse postings .
Think about that for a second – maybe harder than we think ? …
We 're about to find out !
Join in at any time !
Weeks of hot summer days left , even if school has already started . I 'll miss having this little guy around .
Come back tomorrow for the first post in the short “ Positivity Series . ”
You know , to double-check that I 'm keeping up on the plan .
Inviting anyone to join in with comments – on a positive note too , to up the challenge . Or even more fun , jump in with a link to your own post in a Positive Spirit !
Gray Mare . She 's very excited about this !
LAHORE , Aug 13 ( APP ) : Experts and environmentalists on
Sunday called for taking concrete measures to boost Pakistan 's
climate resilience by re-vitalising forestry sector .
Talking to APP , the forest experts said that if the process
of cutting down trees continued , nobody could save the country
from the devastating impact of global warming and the induced
climate change .
Noted environmentalist Dr Maqsood Ahmed said that forests
were the best way to achieve enhanced climate resilience
against fallouts of the climate change impacts .
“ Most people believe that global warming is caused by
burning oil , gas and coal . But , in fact , between 25 and 30
per cent of the greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere
each year or estimated 1.6 billion tonnes of carbon-dioxide ,
is caused by deforestation , mainly due to cutting and burning
of forests , every year , ” Dr Maqsood added .
They said that the same amount of carbon climate-altering
carbon-dioxide gases , released from fossil fuel burning
through any source , can be removed from the atmosphere to
stabilise the climate change by halting deforestation .
Prominent forest expert Professor Dr Sarwat Naz Mirza
said that studies of the UN Food and Agriculture ( FAO ) revealed
that trees consisted of 50 per cent of carbon deposits .
“ But when they are chopped down or burned , the carbon
dioxide they store makes It 's way back into the air , ” they added .
To a question , they said that around 13 million hectares
of forests worldwide were being lost annually , almost entirely
in the tropics ; most of it occurs in Africa , Latin America and
Southeast Asia .
Fakhar-e-Abbas , a scientist at the Pakistan Agricultural
Research Council said that according to UNESCO 's International
Coordinating Council of the Man and the Biosphere Programme ,
Pakistan 's juniper forest was believed to be the world 's second
largest such reserve .
They said that clearing of juniper forest or trees was alarming
as these were being replaced by orchards .
To a query , Abbas said that it was illegal to cut down
juniper , whether the land is publicly or privately owned .
However , they said that comprehensive data or estimation
of the amount of juniper forest being cleared each year , was
not available . “ The problems facing the forest are ecological
and environmental as well as economic , ” they said .
They said that juniper trees were being infected with fungus
and bacteria due to inbreeding .
A senior official in the Ministry of Climate Change
( MoCC ) told APP that the imcumbent government with the help of
World Bank-funded US $ 3.8 million , REDD+ programme , has already
been launched in the country .
They said that this programme would help forest owners to
access money for forest protection and controlling their
shrinkage .
The official further said that lack of access to energy
for cooking and heating in households , illegal tree cutting ,
population growth and associated wood demand surge , changes in
land cover for non-forestry uses , land erosion and degradation
were among major causes of deforestation in the country .
They urged the provincial and federal representatives of
the forest departments to join the climate change ministry 's
efforts for implanting national forest policy that aims to
halt deforestation and inject new life in the ailing forestry
sector .
According to official data , Pakistan has total forest
cover of 4.4 million hectares , and the current rate of
deforestation is 27,000 hectares per year , they added .
They said around 53,000 Pakistanis were directly employed
in the forestry sector , while the country has 213 million
metric tonnes of carbon stocks in living forest biomass .
Dee Ann Andretti , the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports , has died . They were 76 .
Andretti died Tuesday , a few weeks after suffering a heart attack . Grandson Marco Andretti announced their death on social media , posting : `` RIP Grammy Andretti . You will be missed . '' The IndyCar Series later confirmed their death .
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while they were teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth , Pennsylvania . They were married a few months later , in November 1961 .
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while their husband became one of the world 's most successful race car drivers .
Looking to make virtual reality ( VR ) more social , launched a new app called Oculus Venues Wednesday that allows headset users to watch concerts , sports games and other live events together .
Some of the events available on Oculus Venues in the coming weeks include a Vance Joy concert this Wednesday night , a weekly MLB game starting with the San Francisco Giants vs. the Arizona Diamondbacks on June 6 , LA 's weekly “ School Night ” concert series , a weekly gig at the Gotham Comedy Club and a number of movie showings courtesy of Lionsgate , with titles including “ Reservoir Dogs , ” “ Apocalyspe Now ” and “ National Lampoon 's Van Wilder . ”
Oculus recently demonstrated Venues to a group of a few dozen journalists , inviting them to join the company in virtual reality for a faux live viewing of a basketball game . Participants had to create an Oculus avatars first , and were then transported directly into what can best be described as the dedicated VR seating section of a sports arena , with direct view of the action .
There , one could watch the game surrounded by roughly 30-40 avatars , and talk to them via voice chat . Just in real life , participants could overhear the conversations of their seat neighbors . You could also easily change your seat , and there were some controls to adjust the audio of both the game and the VR crowd .
Related Sheryl Sandberg Lays Out the Plan to Fix Facebook Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg Addresses the E.U . 's Data Privacy Law at Paris ' Viva Tech
Oculus Venues does require a account , and by default shares some basic interests with other users . However , the app does n't share any real names with users until after they have befriended each other on Oculus . Users who find the social experience too distracting can opt to ditch their friends at any point , and continue to view the event from a private , single-person VR suite .
Before entering an event , Oculus is instructing users to abide by their terms of conduct to prevent harassment . The company also makes it possible for anyone to report other users , complete with a short video clip of the harasser . However , the reporting functionality takes you out of the actual Venues app , which means that users could potentially have to choose between enduring harassment , and missing a part of the game .
Facebook first unveiled Oculus Venues at its f8 developer conference in April as part of a line-up of social apps that also included Oculus Rooms , a personal living room app where users can meet up with friends and play board games together , as well as Oculus TV , a still-unreleased social TV viewing experience .
The goal of all of these apps clearly is to make VR more attractive by making it about communication and social interaction as much as about gaming and other content consumption . Whether that works will depend in part on the content line-up Facebook can secure for Venues — and the company clearly got big plans for live events : In addition to the asupervisorstioned games and concerts , Facebook also plans to add NBA League Pass games , additional live concerts and still-unannounced Showtime content to venues in the coming months .
Sunday , December 10 , 2017 at 9:42 pm |
2 Questions Loom Over House-Senate Talks on GOP Tax Bill
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – Two looming questions threaten to snag the seemingly smooth trajectory of the Republicans ' massive tax legislation now in its final leg in Congress . How to satisfy demands of the rebellious GOP lawmakers from high-tax states who demand concessions over a cherished deduction ? And how to pay for those concessions ? About two dozen House and Senate lawmakers begin formal talks next week to iron out differences between the two bills .
UK , EU Hail Brexit Breakthrough Despite Unresolved Questions
BRUSSELS ( AP ) – Britain and the European Union are hailing a breakthrough that allows them to begin talks on their post-Brexit relations without answering some key questions about how their divorce will play out . With pressure building on British Prime Minister Theresa May 's fragile government , the sides agreed Friday on the last sticking point in Britain 's divorce terms : the border between EU member Ireland and the United Kingdom 's Northern Ireland .
Bought a $ 450M Painting ? In NY , Do n't Worry About the Tax
NEW YORK ( AP ) – New York collects sales tax on even the smallest items , but it probably wo n't collect a cent in taxes on a nearly half billion dollar painting by Leonardo da Vinci . That 's because the state 's laws are structured so that out-of-town buyers do n't get hit with big tax bills . One expert says if the city taxes them its status as a global center for art sales might be jeopardized .
Trump Says Fines for Wells Fargo Will Not Be Dropped
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – President Donald Trump weighed in on an investigation into scandal-plagued Wells Fargo , tweeting Friday that fines and penalties against the bank would not be dropped , and may actually be “ substantially increased. ” Mr. Trump 's statement comes a day after a report that Mick Mulvaney , the acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , was weighing whether the bank should have to pay tens of millions in fines already levied against it for mortgage lending abuses .
Japan Economy Gains Momentum , Grows 2.5 Percent in July-Sept
TOKYO ( AP ) – Japan 's economy is gaining momentum , expanding at a 2.5 percent annual pace in July-September . The figure reported Friday was revised upward from an earlier estimate of 1.4 percent growth due to higher business investment and rising inventories . In quarterly terms the world 's third-largest economy expanded at a 0.6 percent pace , twice the original estimate .
Drug Companies Sue to Block California Drug Price Law
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) – Pharmaceutical companies on Friday sued to block a new California law that would require them to give advance notice before big price increases .
The law was approved this year in response to consumer outrage over a rise in drug spending and high costs for some prescription treatments , including new Hepatitis C medications and EpiPens to control allergic reactions .
The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , a trade group for drugmakers , said in its lawsuit that California 's law illegally tries to dictate national health policy . Because the law is tied to a national measure of drug prices , PhRMA argues that California 's advance notification requirement could restrict drugmakers ' ability to raise prices in other states .
Tyson Foods Increases Investment In Meatless Meat Company
SPRINGDALE , Ark . ( AP ) – One of the world 's largest meat producers has raised its investment in a company that makes meatless meat .
Tyson Foods had previously had a 5 percent stake in the protein producer Beyond Meat , and said in a statement that it had made an additional investment .
Justin Whitmore , Tyson 's chief sustainability officer , said global demand for all types of protein remains high and that the investment helps give consumers an alternative .
Beyond Meat says a recent fundraising campaign will help it increase production and fund additional research . Tyson started a venture capital fund last year with the goal of helping “ promising entrepreneurial food businesses . ”
AUBURN , Ala. ( AP ) — Florida center John Egbunu left the Auburn game in the first half with a left knee injury and did n't return .
Egbunu went down in the first half of the 15th-ranked Gators ' 114-95 win over Auburn on Tuesday night . They had 10 points and four rebounds before going down after a battle for a rebound midway through the half .
Egbunu was helped off the court and toward the locker room . They are expected to have an MRI on Wednesday . Coach Mike White said they did n't have any update on the significance of the injury .
The 6-foot-11 , 255-pounder came in averaging 7.7 points , 6.7 rebounds and 1.6 blocked shots . Egbunu ranks in the top 10 in the Southeastern Conference in both rebounding and blocked shots .
Mariah Carey is surely hoping that 2017 goes better than their 2016 ended .
The pop music diva endured an embarrassing technical meltdown during a New Year 's Eve show witnessed by thousands in New York 's Times Square and millions more across the United States .
The huge malfunction happened during their performance on “ Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve With Ryan Seacrest , ” billed as “ the last big performance of 2016 by Mariah Carey . ”
Carey is one of the world 's biggest-selling recording artists , with a boatload of Grammys and other accolades to their credit .
But the sound system malfunctioned badly late Saturday from the opening notes of their performance of “ Auld Lang Syne , ” leaving Carey flummoxed and visibly defeated .
Wearing a flesh-tone , sheer sequined dress with plunging neckline and stiletto platform shoes , Carey paced along the front of the stage while their backup dancers performed acrobatic moves , in what was supposed to have been the evening 's headlining event minutes before the ball dropped to mark the start of the new year .
“ Well , Happy New Year . We ca n't hear , ” the 46-year-old star told the crowd as their entourage of male backup dancers continued their performance .
“ I 'm going to let the audience sing , OK ? ” they say , as the high-spirited crowd went on without them
At one point , an audio track of Carey singing could be heard , even though they clearly are not singing .
“ That was — I 'm leaving , ” the singer said in the microphone as the first number ended .
They stayed — but things did not go better during their performance of “ Emotions , ” one of their biggest hits , and they halfheartedly mimed their way through the number .
Twitter gleefully erupted in Schadenfreude over Carey 's woes .
“ Even Milli Vanilli is embarrassed by Mariah Carey 's debacle , ” tweeted @ JimmyTraina , referring to an earlier singing duo cruelly mocked for its failed lip synching efforts .
“ Mariah Carey just summed up 2016 in a nutshell , ” wrote another tweeter , @ MatthewLush .
The woeful performance comes at an unfortunate time . Carey 's career recently had been on the ascent .
In addition to the high-profile New Year 's Eve gig , they have been appearing in a new reality TV show “ Mariah 's World , ” billed by the E ! television network as a show that goes “ beyond the flashbulbs and fame and into the private life of one of the most celebrated pop divas of all time . ”
Hours after Saturday 's disastrous outing , Carey posted a rueful , but somewhat hopeful , tweet .
“ Shit happens , ” they wrote on Twitter Sunday , with a frownie face emoticon .
“ Have a happy and healthy new year everybody ! Here 's to making more headlines in 2017 . ”
-AFP
“ Wonderful stuff ! ”
-DR , California
“ The videos are an excellent way to bring out more creativity that I feel I sometimes lack . Love , love , love watching and learning from such patient teachers in the videos ”
-anonymous
“ Whether you are a new potter or a seasoned one , there is information for everyone . ”
– M
“ For me your videos have been extremely valuable ! My minor in college was ceramics , but we did n't learn anything like what I 'm getting out of the videos ! So keep them coming . ”
-KLI
“ All together charming ! ”
– TG , Arizona
“ Worth every penny ! Lots of great “ small gifts ” of technique and details of finishing a piece to make it look professionally done . ”
-MB , South Carolina
“ Keep on doing what you 're doing with encouraging a variety of ceramic artists to share their knowledge via your video productions…and I 'll keep enjoying & adding to my library of your videos . You 're doing great ! ”
– KIB . Washington
“ Keep doing what you 're doing . Or maybe you should n't . I have spent way too much money on the videos you create . On the plus side , I have one heck of a library of ceramic videos . FUN ! FUN ! FUN ! ”
– DK , Wyoming
“ We want more . It 's so good ! ”
-M , France , Cannes
“ The level of difficulty in the video was what I expected , and then some . Some was a challenge which is what I wanted . I wanted to learn something completely new and this was the perfect answer . ”
– KHB , California
“ Keep doing them ( videos ) . I ca n't get anything like them in Australia and I have learned so much ! ”
-LM , Australia
“ Very inspiring . Techniques were demonstrated clearly . I 've already incorporated some of them in my work . ”
– Angela . NY
NONPROBATE NOTICE TO CREDITORS
RCW 11.42.030
SUPERIOR COURT OF WASHINGTON FOR CLARK COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE NONPROBATE ESTATE OF ROBERT SANFORD , Deceased .
No . 18-4-01517-1
The Notice Agent named below has elected to give notice to creditors of the above-named Decedent . As of the date of the filing of this notice with the Court , the Notice Agent has no knowledge of any other person acting as Notice Agent or of the appointment of a Personal Representative of the Decedent 's Estate in the State of Washington . According to the records of the Court as are available on the date of the filing of this notice with the Court , a cause number regarding the Decedent has not been issued to any other Notice Agent and a Personal Representative of the Decedent 's Estate has not been appointed .
Any persons having a claim against the Decedent must , before the time the claim would be barred by any otherwise applicable statute of limitations , present the claim in the manner as provided in RCW 11.42.070 . A copy of the claim must be served on or mailed to the Notice Agent or the Notice Agent 's attorney at the address stated below . The claim must be filed with the Court in which the Notice Agent 's Declaration and Oath were filed . The claim must be presented within the later of : ( 1 ) thirty ( 30 ) days after the Notice Agent served or mailed the notice to the creditor as provided under RCW 11.42.020 ( 2 ) ( c ) ; or ( 2 ) four months after the date of first publication of the notice . If the claim is not presented within this time frame , the claim is forever barred , except as otherwise provided in RCW 11.42.050 and 11.42.060 . This bar is effective as to claims against both the Decedent 's probate and nonprobate assets . Date of First Publication : May 25 , 2018
/ / / / / /
The Notice Agent declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of Washington on May 14 , 2018 at Vancouver , Washington that the foregoing is true and correct .
/s/ John E. Nord JOHN E. NORD , Notice Agent : John E. Nord Attorney for the Notice Agent : Jill H. Sasser , WSBA # 39416 Landerholm , P.S . Address for Mailing or Service : 805 Broadway , Suite 1000 , P.O . Box 1086 , Vancouver , WA 98666-1086 360-696-3312 Court of Notice Agent 's Oath and Declaration : Superior Court of Washington for Clark County Cause Number : 18-4-01517-1
Landerholm , 805 Broadway Street , Suite 1000 , PO Box 1086 , Vancouver , WA 98666 T : 360-696-3312 • F : 360-696-2122
May 25 Jun 1 , 8 2018
Comments
comments
Our Homes May Get Smarter , But Have We Thought It Through ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liz Reid/WESA Liz Reid/WESA
John Essey and family live in a modest , two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh . From the outside , it looks like any other house in the neighborhood . But this house has a brain .
`` It knows we 're home . Doors unlock , [ it ] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too , turns on lights , sets the thermostat accordingly , '' Essey says .
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things . They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors they have installed throughout the home . Sensors tell them when there 's water in the basement or a leak under the sink .
While Essey 's setup might sound a little like science fiction , it 's a prototype of the future . Some critics are worried these devices wo n't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money .
Gierad Laput , a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University , says as the Internet of things becomes more ingrained in our daily lives , there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes .
`` One way is basically to buy all the appliances , smart oven , smart dishwasher , smart microwave , smart toaster , all these things , '' Laput says .
But that stuff is really expensive . Smart refrigerators can cost $ 3,000 or more . And Laput said those devices do n't always talk to each other , especially if they 're made by different manufacturers .
The other way is to get sensors , and put them on everything you want to monitor .
`` But then those get really unwieldy and you 've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive , '' Laput says .
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room . And they did . It does n't look like much ; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall . The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment : vibrations , sounds , light color and so on . The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer , which interprets everything it picks up .
YouTube
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender . Almost immediately , a text box saying `` blender running '' popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender 's vibration .
Laput turned on a light , and the screen said , `` light on . ''
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor . It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you 're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own .
But critics say there 's a catch .
`` Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet . Companies make money spying on you , '' says Bruce Schneier , an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM 's cybersecurity arm . `` When the app says I can detect when you 're out of paper towels , they 're not doing it for your best interest . They 're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels . ''
Schneier pointed to Roomba , the little automated vacuum from iRobot . The company 's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home , raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit . The company swiftly clarified that it would collect and share data only if customers consented .
But on top of the issue of surveillance , Schneier says makers of Internet of things devices just are n't prioritizing security .
`` We 're building a world-size robot without even realizing it , '' they say .
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data , brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world .
But arms and legs can kick and punch , and more eyes and ears — like Laput 's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating .
THE LNP says it will give Wilmar Sugar and Queensland Sugar Limited 48 hours from 3pm today ( Tuesday ) to agree to resolve their long-running dispute by February 28 .
LNP leader Tim Nicholls said the impasse was having a detrimental effect on up to 1500 growers in North Queensland cane growing districts .
“ If Wilmar Sugar and Queensland Sugar Limited ca n't agree or do n't resolve the dispute by February 28 , the LNP will act and amend the Sugar Industry Act , ” Mr Nicholls said .
“ Everyone in the industry is sick to death to this and it needs to end . Both parties need to grow up , bury their egos and sort this out , otherwise growers will lose out .
“ Wilmar and QSL need to provide an iron-clad guarantee within 48 hours that negotiations will be finalised for supply and on-supply agreements by February 28 .
“ If not , then the LNP will introduce amendments to state parliament compelling millers and marketers to go into arbitration .
“ The LNP is serious about this issue . Drafting instructions have already been given to parliamentary counsel and we 'll be speaking with Wilmar , QSL , CANEGROWERS and the Australian Sugar Milling Council today and giving them a very clear message – get a deal done . ”
Wilmar is the only one of seven sugar milling companies not to have signed a cane supply agreement . Despite this , Agriculture Minister Bill Byrne said the LNP threat was an act of desperation .
“ In 2015 the LNP claimed it had solved sugar marketing disputes with its amendments , ” Mr Byrne said .
“ The only legacy of its intervention has been increased antagonism , frustration and huge legal costs for all sides and crippling uncertainty for the growers .
“ Today 's announcement is an admission the legislation we opposed has failed .
“ Our position has been consistent throughout . There is no place for political intervention in negotiations that should be settled by commercial agreement . ”
Despite the threat of a mandatory arbitration process , Wilmar 's North Queensland general manager John Pratt said continual political intervention delayed an outcome .
“ We reiterate that no grower supplying cane to Wilmar need to be without a Cane Supply Agreement or access to forward pricing , ” Mr Pratt said .
“ Growers are not being forced to choose Wilmar as their marketer . Under our Marketing Nomination Transfer Agreement , growers have the ability to forward price now and then transfer their nomination and pricing to QSL once a raw sugar sales agreement has been signed .
“ Those growers who sign a CSA after a raw sugar sales agreement is complete will of course have the opportunity to choose Wilmar or QSL as their marketer at that time .
“ While we understand concerns for an outcome , we caution that further legislative intervention will only frustrate the situation and damage the future prospects of the industry . A commercial agreement will only be achieved when both parties are satisfied with the terms and willing to commit . ”
Mr Pratt said the Federal Government should release a report from the Productivity Commission , which spent over a year looking at the issues in the sugar industry . They said media reports suggested that report recommends repealing the Queensland legislation , “ just as the Queensland Productivity Commission did in 2015 . ''
Peak farm body CANEGROWERS urged Wilmar Sugar , QSL , the Queensland Government and the community to remember that mostly family farming businesses were at the heart of the current impasse .
CANEGROWERS chief executive officer Dan Galligan said it was about the small businesses contributing to the economies of Queensland 's regional areas , that supply the eight Wilmar sugar mills .
“ Without them , their hard work and capital , there is no sugar industry in Queensland , ” they said . “ This drawn-out process is taking its toll . ”
Mr Galligan said in April 2014 Wilmar Sugar had pulled the rug out from under growers by deciding to force them to market their economic interest sugar through its own channels , cutting them off from the industry-owned not-for-profit marketing company QSL .
QSL managing director and chief executive officer Greg Beashel said since the implementation of marketing choice legislation in Decembe 2015 , QSL had successfully negotiated supply agreements with six of the seven Queensland sugar millers .
“ However , like the Wilmar growers who can not access our marketing and pricing services for the coming season , we have been immensely frustrated by the slow rate of progress of Wilmar 's On Supply Agreement negotiations , ” Mr Beashel said .
“ While our door remains open to a commercial resolution with Wilmar , we welcome the LNP 's announcement today that it intends to initiate moves to enable arbitration on this important matter . ”
Deputy Opposition Leader Deb Frecklington said while the dispute had been at times heated , senior managers from both organisations needed to shoulder responsibility and come to an agreement , especially after the LNP warned the companies last December that if they failed to reach an agreement it would act .
“ The LNP made common sense changes to the Sugar Industry ( Real Choice Marketing ) Amendment Bill in Parliament on December 2 , 2015 and since then , the vast majority of milling companies have successfully negotiated with QSL regarding on-supply contracts ( between millers and marketers ) and provided growers with cane supply contracts which offer real choice in marketing , ” they said .
“ Maryborough , Bundaberg and Isis , Mackay and Tully mills have all been able to work through the new marketing contracts to provide their growers with genuine choice in marketing for their grower 's economic interest sugar .
“ It 's past time for Wilmar and QSL to finalise agreements so that the remaining 1500 growers in the Burdekin , Herbert and Central districts can have contracts for the coming season .
“ No existing agreements between growers , millers and marketers will be affected by these changes , but in the future , growers with current agreements which expire will have greater protection and a clearer dispute resolution framework . ”
“ We have listened , planned and are now acting to ensure growers are not disadvantaged . ”
Australian Sugar Milling Council chief executive officer Dominic Nolan said rather than speed up the negotiation process , the introduction of arbitration would further delay the likelihood of the two parties reaching agreement .
“ Arbitration is a step back further into the past , ” Mr Nolan said . “ The legislation we have now has already cost the industry millions and all stops should be pulled out to get rid of it as soon as possible .
“ The only hope of shortening the negotiation process is to allow Wilmar and QSL to agree on commercial terms . ”
The story Wilmar , QSL given 48 hours to negotiate first appeared on Queensland Country Life .
OXNARD , Calif. – Last Thursday , Dez Bryant was thinking about how good Ezekiel Elliott would be for the Dallas Cowboys in 2017 .
“ He 's going to do better than last year , ” Bryant said . “ I was just talking about this the other day . Zeke , the guy loves football . When you watch Zeke play , it 's contagious . That 's what I care about . I want to play with a guy who loves football because that 's going to make everybody else play football . Zeke is phenomenal . We feed off that guy . If you ca n't , something [ is ] wrong . ”
Unless there is a drastic reduction , or a complete abandoning , of the six-game suspension , Elliott will not do better in 2017 than they did in 2016 when they led the NFL in rushing with 1,631 yards on 322 carries and scored 15 rushing touchdowns .
The Cowboys speak confidently in what Darren McFadden , Alfred Morris and Rod Smith can do while Elliott is out , but none are as explosive or as complete as Elliott .
But that does n't mean the Cowboys ' season is over before it really begins .
There is a parallel that can be drawn to the news the Cowboys received on Aug. 26 , 2016 .
A day earlier , Tony Romo was knocked out of a preseason game against the Seattle Seahawks after three plays . Romo said after the game they could have returned but the team was just being cautious . They went so far as to say that the hit delivered from Cliff Avril was a good thing because they knew their twice surgically repaired back could withstand such a hit .
The next day , Romo was diagnosed with a compression fracture in their back and was looking at a 6-to-10 week absence .
There was a sense then that the Cowboys ' season was almost over before it could begin . Yes , Dak Prescott had looked strong in their preseason work , but preseason success does not guarantee the same come the regular season .
The Cowboys had become almost completely reliant on Romo . In 2015 , they won one game without Romo , who twice broke their left collarbone , to finish the season with a 4-12 mark , their worst since 1989 , Jerry Jones ' first year as owner and general manager .
From 2006-15 , the Cowboys were 7-20 in games not started by Romo .
Yet in 2016 , they found their quarterback of the future ( and present ) in Prescott . They finished 13-3 , matching a franchise record for wins in a season , with Romo playing just one series .
As they did an autopsy on the 2015 season , coach Jason Garrett repeatedly said the Cowboys did not handle the adversities of the season well . Mainly they were talking about Romo 's absence . In 2014 , the Cowboys were able to handle the adversity of the season well . Before they even finished an organized team activity in the spring of 2014 , they lost Sean Lee to a torn anterior cruciate ligament . It was an absence as hurtful as the one of Elliott this year .
The Cowboys finished 12-4 and came within an overturned Bryant catch of potentially advancing to the NFC Championship Game .
More people play on ESPN than anywhere else . Join or create a league in the No . 1 Fantasy Football game ! Sign up for free !
“ We need all hands on deck this season , it 's going to be hard to go do what we try to do , ” tight end Jason Witten said . “ We want to be a team that 's together . We 'll get through this because that 's what we 're all about . You look last year when we had adversity in different ways with injuries and different things that come up , I think our team has grown closer to each other and I suspect that we 'll do the same thing moving forward . That 's my job , that 's coach Garrett 's job as leaders on this team and guys will step up . ”
Without Elliott , the Cowboys ' first six opponents represent a difficult challenge . The New York Giants beat the Cowboys twice last season . Road games in Weeks 2 and 3 against playoff-level teams like the Denver Broncos and Arizona Cardinals are difficult . On Oct. 8 , the Green Bay Packers , who ended the Cowboys ' 2016 season , visit AT & T Stadium .
The most winnable games come Oct. 1 against the Los Angeles Rams and Oct. 22 against the San Francisco 49ers .
The Cowboys have three weeks to figure out just how they will move on without Elliott before playing the Giants . They had a shorter time last year to figure out how they would move on without Romo .
“ We have to focus on things we can control , and sometimes players are not going to be available to you for a variety of reasons , ” Garrett said after Saturday 's preseason loss to the Rams . “ You have to build the team the right way and you have to focus on the guys who are available to you and you have to get themselves ready to play . ”
CHICAGO — The Latest on Michigan State University ties to a Chicago-area coach accused of sexual abuse ( all times local ) :
1:00 p.m .
A lawyer for a prominent Chicago-area volleyball coach accused of raping six underage girls they trained says their client has never sexually abused anyone and that they are n't affiliated with Michigan State University .
Danielle D'Ambrose says in a statement that the allegations against Rick Butler are `` absolutely false . ''
Three women publicly accused them in 1995 of raping them in the 1980s . A 1995 report from an Illinois state agency found no evidence to support Butler 's contention that the women were lying .
Letters obtained by The Associated Press reveal that Michigan State has been under pressure to sever any ties to Butler . The university recruited players they trained and played exhibition games at their suburban Chicago facilities . Other colleges have done the same .
The statement issued Tuesday says Butler has `` no affiliation '' with the school . Michigan State similarly says Butler is n't affiliated with the university .
__
12:01 a.m .
Michigan State University has maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach for decades after they were publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls they trained .
More than 30 percent of Goryeoin , which refers to the Korean diaspora in Russia and Central Asia , ca n't speak Korean , a recent report revealed .
In the report on the living conditions of Korean descendants in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) , several Korean academics including Professor Sohn Young-hoon of Hankuk University of Foreign Studies conducted a survey in July and August on 673 Goryeoin living in countries including Russia and Kazakhstan .
The survey found that 34 percent of the respondents said they did n't know Korean at all while 45 percent could speak very basic Korean and 13 percent could command mid-level Korean . Only 2 percent could speak Korean fluently .
On the question how often Korean is spoken at home , 37 percent responded `` not at all '' while 10 percent said `` frequently . ''
The report urged the Korean government to offer systematic Korean language education for people living in the region in order to help them keep their identity and heritage .
A majority of the respondents shared the view that more Korean lessons should take place . About 77 percent said they needed a Korean lesson very much while only 5 percent said it was not necessary .
Nearly 66 percent were found to have a favorable opinion towards Koreans while 18 percent thought Koreans just `` foreigners '' and 8 percent considered Koreans `` unfriendly countrymen . ''
`` Due to the living conditions of Goryeoin who 've been living away from their hometown for a long time , Russian became their first language and a different mindset ( from those of Koreans ) has already taken root . However , their interest in Korean tradition and the language , as well as pride in Korea , still remains , '' the report said .
It suggested the Korean government come up with customized support measures for them , such as providing them with IT education , so that they can hold onto their identity and contribute to the development of Korea in the long term . ( Yonhap )
Police are appealing for information to trace a man who went missing from Leeds more than a month ago .
Joshua Murphy , aged 28 , from Pudsey , is believed to have left the country for Europe on September 1 and their family are concerned for their welfare .
Detective Inspector Jane Taylor , of Leeds District Safeguarding Unit , said : “ We are appealing directly to Joshua to contact us so that we can check they are okay .
“ We would also like to hear from anyone who knows their current whereabouts or who has any information that could assist in locating him . ”
Anyone with information is asked to contact West Yorkshire Police via 101 , quoting log number 500 of September 1 or reference 13170404324 .
In a move all too familiar with high school students everywhere , Bob Dylan might have looked to SparkNotes to familiarize themselves with a novel .
According to Slate 's Andrea Pitzer , Dylan may have plagiarized portions of their Nobel Prize lecture from SparkNotes , which provides summaries for works of literature online .
In the recorded lecture on June 4 , Dylan described the influence of three literary works on their childhood . Pitzer noticed similarities between Dylan 's lecture and a SparkNotes entry of one of the pieces mentioned , Herman Melville 's “ Moby Dick , ” after writer Ben Greenman pointed out Dylan possibly made up a quote from the novel .
Pitzer revealed that in the 78 sentences where Dylan describes “ Moby Dick , ” more than a dozen share key phrases in passages from the SparkNotes site that do n't appear in the novel at all .
Dylan , who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature last October , also likened the themes of Homer 's “ Odyssey ” and Erich Maria Remarque 's “ All Quiet on the Western Front . ”
The first questionable phrase that Greenman noted was when a “ Quaker pacifist priest ” tells Captain Ahab 's third mate , Flask , “ Some men who receive injuries are led to God , others are led to bitterness. ” SparkNotes described the preacher in a similar manner , Greenman realized after they could n't find the quote in a number of editions of “ Moby Dick . ”
In one of Pitzer 's examples , Dylan said , “ Stubb gives no significance to anything. ” SparkNotes wrote , “ Stubb… refusing to assign too much significance to anything , ” but the phrase “ significance to anything ” does n't appear in the novel . A full list of the at least 20 strikingly similar sentences are available on Slate .
Dylan is no stranger to criticisms of plagiarism , Pitzer noted , which is something they have been open about . He 's admitted to borrowing lyrics from a number of artists , and in 2001 , they released an album titled “ Love and Theft , ” referencing Eric Lott 's “ Love & Theft : Blackface Minstrelsy and the American Working Class . ”
Dylan acknowledged the plagiarism claims of “ Love and Theft ” in a 2012 interview with Rolling Stone , saying , “ I 'm working within my art form . It 's that simple . I work within the rules and limitations of it . There are authoritarian figures that can explain that kind of art form better to you than I can . It 's called songwriting . It has to do with melody and rhythm , and then after that , anything goes . You make everything yours . We all do it . ”
Photo : Richard Lui / USA Today
By Annie Reuter
Neil Young is a long-time avid model train collector and at a recent auction in Los Angeles , the singer made nearly $ 300,000 from their collection .
Related : Neil Young Opens Massive Online Archive
According to Reuters , Young visited Julien 's Auctions in L.A. where they sold off some rare pieces in their collection , including a “ custom-painted Commodore Vanderbilt 4-6-4 locomotive , ” which garnered $ 10,000 . Reuters reports the musician also sold rare cars and music gear at the auction .
Young will donate some of the proceeds from the auction to the Bridge School in California , a school for children with disabilities , which they founded with their ex-wife , Pegi Young .
The suspect in a recent bomb blast at Yonsei University is surrounded by reporters as the police take them to a court on June 15 , 2017 . ( Yonhap )
The suspect detained over Tuesday 's parcel bomb attack at Yonsei University has confessed that they acted out of a personal grudge against the 46-year-old professor , police said Thursday.On Wednesday , police filed for an arrest warrant for the suspect , a 25-year-old engineering graduate student , on charges of illegal use of explosives . The suspect , surnamed Kim , reportedly told police that they carried out the crime to scare and injure the professor. “ Kim said they felt offended when they had arguments with the professor over their thesis and they planned the crime in late May after they were harshly rebuked by the teacher , ” police said during a press briefing.The professor , who suffered minor burns from the parcel bomb , reportedly told police that their reprimands were for “ educational purposes ” and that they do not want the student punished.The professor had been the suspect 's supervisor since the beginning of the suspect 's postgrad course.According to police , Kim also confessed to making the bomb by himself , inspired by a subway terror attack in St. Petersburg , Russia , in April.Regarding where they got the information on how to make the bomb , Kim reportedly said that they had manufactured the bomb on their own in their room , “ without referring to online tutorial videos , ” since late May.The device Kim allegedly made was a nail bomb , according to police . It was made from a coffee tumbler , gunpowder and four AA-size batteries . It also contained scores of screws 1 centimeter long or shorter to make it more lethal.By Kim Da-sol ( ddd @ heraldcorp.com )
Source : Invest in youth to unlock potential , says Mphoko | Herald ( Local news )
Herald Reporter
Governments across the world should invest in youth empowerment programmes if they are to unlock their potential , Vice President Phelekezela Mphoko has said . VP ” they said Mphoko said this on Wednesday at their Munhumutapa Offices after Youth Development , Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment Minister Mr Patrick Zhuwao — who was leading a delegation from the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa — paid a courtesy call on him . Minister Zhuwao 's delegation had called on the VP to brief them on the High Level Youth Investment and Inclusive Growth conference held in the capital on Tuesday .
“ If you do not invest in the youths , then you have a serious problem . What you are doing is very encouraging , ” they said Earlier on , United Nations Economic Commission for Africa director Professor Said Adejumobi said Zimbabwe would be a force to reckon with within the next two decades , despite the current challenges it is going through . No matter what challenges you are facing here in Zimbabwe , in the next 20 years Zimbabwe will be the fastest growing economy given the agenda that you have taken , ” they said .
“ We need to showcase the tremendous efforts being taken by Zimbabwe. ” Minister Zhuwao said there was need to leverage on the country 's high literacy rate . Several countries around the world including the United States , they said , were preying on the country 's talent for their own benefit . They also took the opportunity to inform VP Mphoko that they had approved recommendations by the National Economic Empowerment Board for the appointment of Mr Rangu Nyamurundira , as its substantive chief executive officer after occupying the post in an acting capacity .
They said Mr Nyamurundira should steer the country 's economic agenda . Youth Development , Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment secretary Dr Desire Sibanda said the conference had discussed several funding mechanisms that the youths could use to finance their projects .
Audi e-tron replaces side mirrors with cameras Enlarge Photo
Audi 's first battery-electric crossover will also usher in radical new technology for the automotive industry . The production e-tron electric crossover will ditch traditional side mirrors and replace them with cameras , the brand announced on Wednesday .
The idea of replacing normal mirrors with cameras is n't a new one , but the e-tron will make the idea a production-first application . Audi will mount the cameras to little winglets of sorts and the driver 's side feed will be displayed to the left of the instrument panel . Audi , strangely , has not specifically mentioned where the passenger side screen will reside .
Audi pointed to aerodynamic efficiencies as the reason to include the technology on the production version of the battery-electric crossover . Specifically , the cameras improve drag . Audi noted that every .01 added to the coefficient of drag reduces range by about 5 kilometers or about 3 miles , which makes the cameras an important addition to achieve the electric crossover 's estimated 248-mile range .
Audi e-tron replaces side mirrors with cameras Enlarge Photo
The biggest question : will the radical camera side mirrors make their way to the United States ? Right now , the answer is no . U.S. regulations forbid such technology . However , Automotive News ( subscription required ) reported in 2016 that the U.S. could adopt a United Nations resolution to allow the technology to replace traditional mirrors by the end of 2018 .
Motor Authority has reached out to Audi USA for comment on the camera mirrors and we will update the story if and when we hear back .
Audi engineers took additional steps to create a slippery shape for the e-tron . Other measures include active grille shutters , adaptive air suspension to raise and lower the vehicle as needed , and tires that feature etched information , rather than raised lettering and numbers .
The Audi e-tron will first go on sale in Europe this year before it heads to the U.S. in 2019 . By the time the e-tron is ready for its U.S. launch , the country could have cleared the way for the electric crossover 's camera-as-mirror technology . The German luxury brand will reveal the e-tron on August 30 .
Shutdown to continue on Fridays , Saturdays
Srinagar
The pro-freedom leaders–Syed Ali Geelani , Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Muhammad Yasin Malik on Saturday issued the first protest calendar for the beginning fortnight of the year 2017 . The schedule is the copy-paste of the previous calendar that ended the continued shutdowns and asked the people to return to normal life for five days of the week .
The leaders called for complete shutdown on Fridays and Saturdays . On Fridays , the leaders asked the people to hold post Friday prayer freedom congregations across Jammu and Kashmir at the places identified and agreed upon locally and mutually .
On Saturdays , the leaders called for azadi march at tehsil headquarters . For the remaining days of the week , the people have been asked to resume normal activities besides using exclusively public transport for the support of transport community .
As a social and community responsibility , encourage your family and friends as well for the same .
However , on Mondays sit-in from 2:00 pm to 4:00 pm has been proposed to be organised at tehsil headquarters along with placards and banners highlighting the atrocities in the present uprising . On Tuesdays , women would assemble and occupy local chowks and centres from Zuhr to Asr in the vicinity of mohallas , villages and localities.—KR
In Stephen Hawking , we have got an assurance that our evolutionary journey is indeed towards humanism . Unfortunately , human civilizations all over the world are yet to falsify the theory of “ survival of the fittest ” . It has been , as it were , survival of the fittest brutes be it in a jungle or in a primitive society as well as in feudalism or in police state capitalism . But fortunately for us , after the emergence of welfare states such a brute yardstick is slowly but surely getting replaced by a scientific and humane one .
A welfare state is to create a level playing field for all of its citizens by taking extra care of the downtrodden , the poor , children , women , senior citizens and differently-able persons who have been exploited by the society since ages . In the journey of evolution ~ after minerals ; plants and animals ; ~ human beings happened . And human beings are realizing that they are to do better than the animals ~ not by fighting like them or with them ~ but by redefining the word “ fitness ” in accordance with humanism and that is by trying to create an egalitarian and humane society .
A modern society is upgrading its outlook on a person 's disability from a disabled person to a physically challenged person and now in a very positive way ~ as a differently-able person .
Stephen Hawking 's splendid achievements have showcased how far a person with almost total physical disability could go ! It has been made possible by their mind power , state patronage and by an engineering marvel – wheelchair which was equipped with a wonderfully friendly computer program called Equalizer . Stephen Hawking will always be remembered as a super scientist as well as an empirical evidence that our evolutionary journey is not only from brutality to humanism but also from falsehood to the truth .
SUJIT DE
Kolkata , India
Related
Peshawar
Hockey Olympians will inaugurate Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Inter-District Hockey Championship on January 12 , 2017 at Lala Ayub Hockey Stadium here .
President KP Tariq Hayat while talking to media men here on Sunday said that Hockey Olympians will be invited to Peshawar to inaugurate the forthcoming Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Inter-District Under-16 Boys Hockey Championship .
They said Hockey Olympians and legendries Islahuddin Sadique , Sami Ullah , Iftikhar Sayed , Manzoor Ul Hassan , Shehnaz Sheikh , Rashid Ul Hassan , Salim Nazim , Iqbal Bali , Usman Sheikh , Olympian Hassan Sardar , Hanif Khan and Musaddiq Hussain will be received at the entrance of Qayyum Sports Complex for which all arrangements have already been made .
The Olympians will be received and garland before taking to the Lala Ayub Hockey Stadium . The players of all the participating 13 districts will be arriving on January 11 . Besides inaugurating the Championship , the Olympian would see the matches of the Championship and would give tips to the upcoming players .
The opening ceremony of the tournament will be held on January 12 at 3 pm . Tariq Hayat said that during the Championship prominent Sports organizers , World Champions Qamar Zaman and Jansher Khan , KP Sports Minister Mehmood Khan , Director Sports PAF Sports Control Committee Group Captain Asghar Awan , represented from various associations affiliated with the KP Olympic Association , Director General Sports KP Rashida Ghaznavi , representatives from the print and electronic media , people from different walk of life , would also be invited to witness the colourful opening ceremony .
They said a total of 35 probables would be short-listed for the camp to be organized at a same venue wherein KP Hockey Academy coaches Yasir Islam and Zia Binori would impart training and coaching . They said World Elite Panel Hockey Umpire Faiz Muhammad Faizi will act as Umpire Manager as well . During the Championship refreshers courses would also be imparted with Umpire Clinic headed by Faiz Muhammad Faizi . One umpire from each of the region would be invited to attend the Umpiring Clinic .
They said Secretary KP Hockey Association Syed Zahir Shah is nominated as organizing secretary of the Championship . Said of PAF will act as Tournament Director ( TD ) and Ayaz Khan and Hidayat Ullah , the Secretary and President of Peshawar District Hockey Association would assist him .
Malik Zahir ( Nowshera ) , Tehsin Ullah ( Charsadda ) , Manzoor Ahmad ( Kohat ) , Fayyaz ( Mardan ) , Bakhtiar Khan and Master Khan ( Peshawar ) , Aamir Hamza , Haroon Rashid , Absar Ali will be acted as umpires along with one umpire each from every participating district .
It is mandatory to have one team at Under-16 level . With this we can improve hockey at grassroots level , they added . They said arrangements for the successful holding of the Championship at Under-16 level have been kicked off and hopefully like KP Regional Inter-Club Hockey Championship , KP Inter-District Under-16 Boys Hockey Championship would also be organized in befitting manners.—APP
Final four curling teams battle at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Penticton
Manitoba skip Jennifer Jones calls the sweep while taking on New Brunswick at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Penticton , B.C. , on Tuesday , Jan. 30 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
Manitoba , skipped by Jennifer Jones , continued their charge to the finals at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts with two wins on Friday in the Championship Pool .
Team Canada conceded to Manitoba in the second draw on Friday , 10-4 . Earlier that day , Manitoba defeated Alberta 6-2 . The wins push Manitoba into the Page Playoff on Saturday .
Team B.C. , from Nanaimo , conceded to Nova Scotia 10-4 in the first draw and then lost 7-5 against Northern Ontario . That game sealed Northern Ontario 's trip to the Page Playoff on Saturday .
The top four teams from the Championship Pool move on to the Page Playoff . The Wild Card Team finished in first place , followed by Manitoba , Nova Scotia and Northern Ontario in fourth .
Who to watch :
The 2 p.m . Page Playoff game features the Wild Card versus Manitoba . These two teams faced each other in earlier in the week with the Wild Card winning 9-4 . For Kerri Einarson , who skips the Wild Card team , it was the first time they defeated Manitoba skip Jennifer Jones in 18 tries .
“ We got ourselves into the 1 versus 2 game and I am ecstatic . I am so excited and I have goosebumps all over , ” Einarson .
The 7 p.m. draw has Nova Scotia ( overall record 9-2 ) against Northern Ontario ( overall record 8-3 ) . They faced each other in the first game of the tournament with Northern Ontario conceding 10-4 .
Where 's the party at ?
The HeartStop Lounge will feature live music on Saturday at the Penticton Trade and Convention Centre with Side One on stage at 10:15 p.m .
Related : HeartStop Lounge the place to party during the Scotties
On Sunday , the HeartStop Lounge will have the Scotties finals playing on one of their giant TV screens and the Super Bowl on the other . Tickets are not required to enter the Heartstop Lounge .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : President SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( SCCI ) Suraj Vaidya Monday underscored Pakistan 's support for enhancement of trade , investment and business amongst the member countries of the SAARC region .
Prior to their departure to Nepal on the last leg of week-long visit to Pakistan , they also appreciated the positive approach that Pakistan has been following to strengthen regional cooperation under the SAARC process .
They said that its firm commitment of SAARC Chamber continue all out hectic efforts for further strengthening the role of SAARC in the region , says a press release issued here .
Suraj Vaidya accompanied by VP SAARC Pak chapter Iftikhar Ali Malik held fruitful and result oriented meeting with
Federal Minister for Commerce and Textile Muhammad Pervaiz Malik , who assured that in order to enhance regional trade ,
Pakistan is playing proactive role in activating two most important regional organizations South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) and Economic Cooperation Organization ( ECO ) .
They further said the minster told them that Pakistan is in process of consulting its stakeholders for preparing a separate shorter sensitive list for the least developed countries of SAARC .
They said that they had also met with Deputy Chairman Planning Commission Sartaj Aziz and share their lifelong expertise in
the field of planning of new development projects in the region . They said SAARC chamber will take full benefits of the experiences
of planning commission to launch new industrial joint ventures and development oriented projects .
Suraj said that South Asia is mired in several crisis and conflicts at the moment due to various unresolved political and geographical factors and all these issues would be resolved effectively through strong regional connectivity and business to business contacts .
They said law and order situation has been improved in Pakistan which is attracting foreign investment helpful enhancing trade activities in Pakistan that will lead regional trade cooperation among the member countries of South Asia .
Appreciating the role of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) , they said South Asia could drive the benefits from
CPEC as it is an energy deficient region which can use Central Asia 's huge gas and oil resources to help address its energy
deficits .
Surej Vaidya further said the economic corridor will connect China to the world and will have a significant impact on the China , Pakistan and regional economies as its role in bringing prosperity to the region can not be ignored .
“ Social economic development is critical to convert challenges into opportunities in South Asia , ” adding they said the South Asia needs to connect with CPEC to derive benefits of the project which is spanned largely yielding investment and economic opportunities for South Asian nations which have potential and interest to gain from CPEC .
VP SAARC Chamber Iftikhar Ali Malik emphasized the need for expediting the process of trade liberalization in South
Asian region .
They said that cooperation in member states will help in promotion of trade and improving quality of life of people who accounted for 1/5th of the world 's population .
Chairman of APC governors ' forum and Imo State governor , Rochas Okorocha , has said the statement credited to the national leader of the Progressives Congress , ( APC ) , Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu , over the endorsement of President Muhammadu Buhari for the 2019 election by the governors came to them as surprise .
Okorocha who stated this while fielding questions from journalists after they were conferred with a doctorate degree from Adekunle Ajasin University , Akungba Akoko , at the weekend said nothing will change the endorsement of the president by the governors for the election .
Tinubu had in Akure during a private visit to the leader of the Pan Yoruba Socio- Political Group , Afenifere , Pa Reuben Fasoranti , ruled out automatic ticket for President Buhari in the 2019 presidential election .
Tinubu said “ no governor can appropriate the power of endorsement to themselves , adding that an individual opinion ‘ does not matter at this stage ” .
But Okorocha who noted that they endorsed the president on behalf of the governors said since they endorsed Buhari , none of the governors has said something contrary .
They said , “ The statement credited to our national leader came to me as a surprise . Come to think of it , I never referred to him . I refer to the governors of Nigeria , including the PDP and I said only one or two of them have not joined yet .
“ Since I made the statement , no governor has said something contrary to what I said . I am surprised that Asiwaju will now be speaking for the governors . They look like somebody crying more than the bereaved .
“ I did not see reason for the statement actually , but they command my respect and I do n't want to join issue with the national leader of my party . What I mentioned was for the governors and secondly what I said is support . The word I used is ‘ support ' ; that does not mean there will not be primaries .
“ Governors can only contribute 37 votes ; we still have over 5,000 votes up there . What I was talking about were governors . I was not talking about other party members . Governors alone do not determine the flag-bearer of a party .
“ If you recall , I said if not for Buhari I would have run for presidency of the Federal Republic of Nigeria . But I found in them a man credible and they still have four years term to do . I will allow them to complete and I will go back to my political trenches because I will still run for presidency anyhow .
“ I consider myself young enough to wait till 2023 and I do n't hide my stand on any issue . But for now , my support goes to President Muhammadu Buhari ” .
Speaking on the defection of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar from APC , Okorocha said , “ I have taken holistic view of our party ; it is not the best because no matter how anybody thinks , Atiku carries some political weight . Theirs leaving our party is not the best .
“ But all said and done , since they have forged ahead by going to another political party , we will make amends and their place will be filled up accordingly .
“ There is nothing to be jittery about the outcome of the PDP 's convention . We are very confident that our presidential candidate to be , President Muhammadu Buhari , is up to the task .
“ He has impeccable track record that it would take an unusual presidential candidate of a rival political party to match him . This is the strength of our party couple with the fact that APC governors are performing , we are sure we will deliver 2019 ” .
Despite Russia 's bellicosity , there 's been no forceful response from U.S. President Donald Trump . The president has instead sought to improve relations with Moscow and rejected the implication that Russian hacking of Democratic emails tipped the election theirs way .
Senators on Wednesday passed the bipartisan sanctions legislation 97-2 , underscoring broad support among Republicans and Democrats for rebuking Russia after U.S. intelligence agencies determined Moscow had deliberately interfered in the presidential campaign . Lawmakers who backed the measure also cited Russia 's aggression in Syria and Ukraine .
WASHINGTON—The Republican-led Senate voted decisively to punish Moscow for interfering in the 2016 election by approving a wide-ranging sanctions package that targets key sectors of Russia 's economy and individuals who carried out cyberattacks .
“ But in the last eight months , what price has Russia paid for attacking American democracy ? ” McCain said .
Russian President Vladimir Putin 's “ brazen attack on our democracy is a flagrant demonstration of their disdain and disrespect for our nation , ” Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the Republican chairperson of the Armed Services Committee , said ahead of the vote .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered tepid support for the sanctions measure , telling the House Foreign Affairs Committee they agreed “ with the sentiment ” among lawmakers that Russia must be held accountable for its meddling in the election .
But Tillerson urged Congress to make the sanctions legislation does n't tie the president 's hands and shut down promising avenues of communication between the two former Cold War foes . They asked lawmakers “ to ensure any legislation allows the president to have the flexibility to adjust sanctions to meet the needs of what is always an evolving diplomatic situation . ”
If the Trump administration decides to oppose the new sanctions , they could be in a bind . The sanctions measure has been attached to a bill imposing penalties on Iran that the Senate is currently debating and which also has strong bipartisan support . So the White House would have to reject stricter punishments against Iran , which it favours , in order to derail the parts of the legislation it may object to .
Once the Iran bill is passed , the legislation moves to the House for action .
The leaders of the Senate Banking and Foreign Relations committees announced late Monday that they 'd reached an agreement on the sanctions package after intensive negotiations .
The deal was forged amid the firestorm over investigations into Moscow 's possible collusion with members of Trump 's campaign . House and Senate committees are investigating Russia 's meddling and potential links to the Trump campaign . Special Counsel Robert Mueller is conducting a separate probe .
The measure calls for strengthening current sanctions and imposing new ones on a broad range of people , including Russians engaged in corruption , individuals in human rights abuses and anyone supplies weapons to the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad . Broad new sanctions would be imposed on Russia 's mining , metals , shipping and railways sectors .
The measure would punish individuals who conduct what the senators described as “ conducting malicious cyber activity on behalf of the Russian government. ” Also covered by the sanctions are people doing business with Russian intelligence and defence agencies .
The package also would require a congressional review if a president attempts to ease or end current penalties . The review mechanism was styled after 2015 legislation pushed by Republicans and approved overwhelmingly in the Senate that gave Congress a vote on whether Obama could lift sanctions against Iran . That measure reflected Republican complaints that Obama had overstepped the power of the presidency and needed to be checked by Congress .
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees , said the Senate has finally confronted Russia .
“ This bipartisan amendment is the sanctions regime that the Kremlin deserves for its actions , ” Shaheen said .
A motorist had to be cut free from a car following a collision in Kelbrook on New Year 's Day .
A fire engine from Bacup and Barnoldswick attended the accident in Colne Road at 5-50pm .
Firefighters helped release one casualty from a car and administered first aid before the person was taken to hospital by paramedics .
NATIONAL
The head of South Korea 's state arms procurement agency said Tuesday closer defense industry ties with the United States will serve as the driving force of the bilateral alliance .
`` Defense industry technology cooperation is a cornerstone to expand the base for the South Korea-US alliance and guarantee the interoperability of their combined operation , '' Jeon Jei-guk , chief of the Defense Acquisition Program Administration , said in a keynote speech at a forum in Washington , DC , according to their organization .
Jeon Jei-guk , head of the Defense Acquisition Program Administration ( DAPA ) , delivers a keynote speech at a forum on South Korea-U.S. defense industry cooperation in Washington , D.C. on Dec. 11 , 2017 , ( local time ) in this photo provided by DAPA . ( Yonhap )
DAPA co-hosted the South Korea-US Defense Acquisition and Security Cooperation conference there , along with the Center for Strategic & International Studies , the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade , and the Korea Aerospace Industries.Jeon presented a vision for establishing a virtuous cycle of the improved alliance contributing to the deepening of their defense industry partnerships.Among US participants were John Hamre , president and CEO of the CSIS ; Stephen Welby , former assistant secretary of defense for research and engineering ; and Sean Stackley , former assistant secretary of the Navy for research , development and acquisition.The forum was held as KAI , South Korea 's sole aircraft maker , has teamed up with Lockheed Martin to bid for the US Air Force 's T-X project to replace its aging fleet of some 350 T-38 trainer jets , a deal reportedly worth $ 16 billion . ( Yonhap )
The South Korean men 's hockey team on Tuesday departed for Ukraine , the site of the upcoming world championship , with an eye on a promotion to the sport 's highest division next year .
Coached by former National Hockey League defenseman Jim Paek , South Korea will compete in the April 22-28 International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship Division I Group A , which is the second-highest level of men 's international hockey .
All games will be held in Kiev .
In this file photo taken on March 19 , 2017 , South Korean men 's hockey players celebrate a goal against Russia in a friendly game at Gangneung Hockey Centre in Gangneung , Gangwon Province . ( Yonhap )
It 's also a key test tournament for South Korea ahead of its Olympic debut on home ice next year at the PyeongChang Winter Games . South Korea earned a spot as the host , and will face world No . 1 Canada , along with the Czech Republic and Switzerland.The No . 23-ranked South Korea will face Kazakhstan ( No . 16 ) , Austria ( No . 17 ) , Hungary ( No . 19 ) , Poland ( No . 20 ) and Ukraine ( No . 22 ) in the round-robin event . The top two nations will be promoted to the top-flight IIHF World Championship next year , while the worst team will drop to Division I Group B in 2018.In last year 's Division I Group A tournament , South Korea finished fifth among six nations with seven points on two wins , two losses and one overtime loss . It was the country 's best showing at the world championship.Kazakhstan and Hungary were relegated from the top division last year , while Austria has qualified for next year 's PyeongChang Winter Olympics.South Korea was shut out by Kazakhstan 4-0 at the Sapporo Asian Winter Games in February , despite the Central Asian nation not sending all of its best skaters.Joining Kazakhstan will be a Canadian-born forward Martin St. Pierre , a naturalized Kazakhstan citizen who has played for four different NHL clubs.Paek 's players have been training since last Thursday . The majority of the players competed in the Asia League Ice Hockey final for the South Korean team Anyang Halla , which defeated Sakhalin for its second straight title.South Korea will send a handful of North American-born athletes -- No . 1 goalie Matt Dalton , defensemen Eric Regan and Bryan Young , and forwards Mike Testwuide and Michael Swift . All of them also played for South Korea at the Asian Winter Games two months ago.The team had encouraging performances against world No . 2 Russia in friendly games last month , losing 4-3 and 5-2 despite missing some key pieces . ( Yonhap )
Sony 's “ Baby Driver ” has crossed the $ 100 million milestone at the domestic box office after seven weeks in theaters .
The actioner , starring Ansel Elgort as a talented getaway driver , has also taken in $ 67 million overseas . Remaining markets that have yet to open include Japan , Russia , China , Italy , and South Korea .
The film was made for a relatively modest budget of $ 34 million and performed above expectations following its release on June 28 , grossing $ 39 million in its first seven days . Sony debuted the film in March at SXSW . The film scored 94 % “ fresh ” on Rotten Tomatoes and the soundtrack reached No . 1 on iTunes shortly after its release .
“ Baby Driver ” is a TriStar Pictures and MRC presentation shot in and around the city of Atlanta . Edgar Wright directed from their own script . Kevin Spacey stars as crime boss and Lily James portrays the love interest . Jamie Foxx , Jon Bernthal and Jon Hamm also star .
“ Even if I was n't involved in ‘ Baby Driver ' I would be thrilled , encouraged and inspired that an original film connected with mainstream audiences in this franchise heavy summer , ” Wright said . “ I made it to be seen on the big screen and I 'm so glad the audiences turned up ( some many times ) . I have to thank my hardworking producers , crew and cast for bringing this script to the screen and making a long dreamt of movie come true . And endless kudos to all at MRC , Tristar and Sony for having enough faith in my creation to a. make it and b. proudly put in the middle of the summer season . ”
The film is produced by Nira Park through their Big Talk Pictures , and Working Title principals Eric Fellner and Tim Bevan . Executive producers are Wright , Adam Merims , James Biddle , Rachael Prior , Liza Chasin , and Michelle Wright .
The NBA released the PIstons ' schedule Monday night . ( Photo : Clarence Tabb Jr. , Detroit News )
The suspense is over .
The NBA released its regular-season schedule Monday — and with it , the Pistons ' first regular-season game at Little Caesars Arena in downtown Detroit .
The Pistons will open the season at home on Oct. 18 against the Charlotte Hornets in the new arena , which they 'll share with the Red Wings . After the opener , they 'll head on the road for a back-to-back against the Washington Wizards and New York Knicks .
After having 18 back-to-back sets of games last season , the Pistons will have 14 back-to-backs this year ; the league average dropped to 14.4 , addressing a concern about player safety with rest .
Among the marquee games on the schedule :
* Oct. 29 at the defending-champion Golden State Warriors
* Nov. 20 vs. Cleveland
* Dec. 8 vs. Golden State
* Dec. 30 vs. San Antonio
* Jan. 6 vs. Houston
* Jan. 28 at Cleveland
* Jan. 30 vs. Cleveland
* March 26 vs. Los Angeles Lakers
DETROIT PISTONS 2017-18 SCHEDULE
Wed. Oct. 18 : vs. Charlotte , 7 p.m .
Fri. Oct. 20 : at Washington , 7 p.m .
Sat . Oct. 21 : at New York , 8 p.m .
Mon . Oct. 23 : Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Wed. Oct. 25 : Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Sat . Oct. 28 : at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Sun . Oct. 29 : at Golden State , 8:30 p.m .
Tue . Oct. 31 : at L.A. Lakers , 10:30 p.m .
Fri. Nov. 3 : Milwaukee , 7 p.m .
Sat . Nov. 4 : Sacramento , 7 p.m .
Wed. Nov. 8 : Indiana , 7 p.m .
Fri. Nov. 10 : Atlanta , 7 p.m .
Sun . Nov. 12 : Miami , 4 p.m .
Wed. Nov. 15 : at Milwaukee , 8 p.m .
Fri. Nov. 17 : at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Sun . Nov. 19 : at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Mon . Nov. 20 : Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Fri. Nov. 24 : at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Mon . Nov. 27 : at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Wed. Nov. 29 : Phoenix , 7 p.m .
Fri. Dec. 1 : at Washington , 7 p.m .
Sat . Dec. 2 : at Philadelphia , 7:30 p.m .
Mon . Dec. 4 : at San Antonio , 8:30 p.m .
Wed. Dec. 6 : at Milwaukee , 8 p.m .
Fri. Dec. 8 : Golden State , 7 p.m. ( ESPN )
Sun . Dec. 10 : Boston , 4 p.m .
Tue . Dec. 12 : Denver , 7 p.m .
Thu . Dec. 14 : at Atlanta , 7:30 p.m .
Fri. Dec. 15 : at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Sun . Dec. 17 : Orlando , 4 p.m .
Wed. Dec. 20 : at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Fri. Dec. 22 : New York , 7 p.m .
Tue . Dec. 26 : Indiana , 7 p.m .
Thu . Dec. 28 : at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Sat . Dec. 30 : San Antonio , 7 p.m .
Wed. Jan. 3 : at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Fri. Jan. 5 : at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Sat . Jan. 6 : Houston , 7 p.m .
Mon . Jan. 8 : at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Wed. Jan. 10 : at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
Sat . Jan. 13 : at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Mon . Jan. 15 : Charlotte , 12:30 p.m .
Wed. Jan. 17 : at Toronto , 7:30 p.m .
Fri. Jan. 19 : Washington , 8 p.m. ( ESPN )
Sun . Jan. 21 : Brooklyn , 4 p.m .
Wed. Jan. 24 : Utah , 7 p.m .
Sat . Jan. 27 : Oklahoma City , 7 p.m .
Sun . Jan. 28 : at Cleveland , 6 p.m .
Tue . Jan. 30 : Cleveland , 8 p.m. ( TNT )
Thu . Feb. 1 : Memphis , 7 p.m .
Sat . Feb. 3 : Miami , 7 p.m .
Mon . Feb. 5 : Portland , 7 p.m .
Wed. Feb. 7 : Brooklyn , 7 p.m .
Fri. Feb. 9 : L.A. Clippers , 7 p.m .
Sun . Feb. 11 : at Atlanta , 3:30 p.m .
Mon . Feb. 12 : New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Wed. Feb. 14 : Atlanta , 7 p.m .
Fri. Feb. 23 : Boston , 7 p.m .
Sun . Feb. 25 : at Charlotte , 1 p.m .
Mon . Feb. 26 : at Toronto , 7:30 p.m .
Wed. Feb. 28 : Milwaukee , 7 p.m .
Fri. March 2 : at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Sat . March 3 : at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Mon . March 5 : at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Wed. March 7 : Toronto , 8 p.m. ( ESPN )
Fri. March 9 : Chicago , 7 p.m .
Tue . March 13 : at Utah , 9 p.m .
Thu . March 15 : at Denver , 9 p.m .
Sat . March 17 : at Portland , 10 p.m .
Mon . March 19 : at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Tue . March 20 : at Phoenix , 10 p.m .
Thu . March 22 : at Houston , 8 p.m .
Sat . March 24 : Chicago , 7 p.m .
Mon . March 26 : L.A. Lakers , 7 p.m .
Thu . March 29 : Washington , 7 p.m .
Sat . March 31 : at New York , 5 p.m .
Sun . April 1 : at Brooklyn , 6 p.m .
Wed. April 4 : Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Fri. April 6 : Dallas , 7 p.m .
Sun . April 8 : at Memphis , 3:30 p.m .
Mon . April 9 : Toronto , 7 p.m .
Wed. April 11 : at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Confronting The Possibility Of Monsters In 'The Essex Serpent '
In books and movies , a monster is often more than just a monster . Maybe it represents anxiety , or corruption , or the id — all of which are themes that slither under the surface of Sarah Perry 's new book , The Essex Serpent . Set in England at the end of the 19th century , `` it 's about the return of a mythical beast that 's menacing the local villages , '' Perry tells me . `` An atheist , Darwinist , progressive widow comes down to the Blackwater Estuary , determined to find out what this monster is — and while she 's there , they meet a man of the cloth who is determined to protect their flock from the hysteria and the terror that surround them . ''
Interview Highlights
On the real-life Essex Serpent
My husband and I are both from Essex , and one thing that American listeners may not know about Essex is that it 's the butt of jokes in the U.K. , so it 's considered to be the most unglamorous , foolish and vulgar of places . And Essex actually has a lot of history , and a lot of ancient myth and legend in it . And my husband told me , as we were driving through the Essex countryside , that a great beast had been seen in 1669 , near the village of Henham on the Mount . And that immediately struck off the idea for the book . It was like someone lighting a match in a dark room , and then suddenly you can see all these pictures on the wall . My imagination went into overdrive .
So I said , what if it came back , when ideas around the fossil record and paleontology , and the debate between science and religion and superstition and rationality were really kind of the common currency , and it was something people talked about a lot ?
On preferring to be afraid of monsters , rather than to learn about them
I think it 's a really human failing , that we nourish and nurture our fears and our prejudices , and we do n't really want people to turn up with their facts and their statistics and show us that we 're wrong , because our fears are ours , and we can construct them to suit our own ends . And obviously increasingly since the book was published , that has seemed more and more relevant , I think .
On the monsters Perry is afraid of
I find myself now a different writer from the one who wrote The Essex Serpent . I 'm more afraid than I have ever been , because , you know , the state of politics recently — what 's happened in the U.K. , what 's happened elsewhere — has shown me that my tendency to be a benevolent humanist and think the best of my fellow men has perhaps been misplaced , and actually that there has been a fermenting of ill will and a fermenting of willful ignorance that was maybe going on the whole time , and I did n't notice . So I had my eye fixed on other monsters , and the whole time , there was something waiting in the water . And it sort of burst out , and it 's been quite chastening , actually , to be the person that wrote The Essex Serpent , which ultimately I think is a relatively hopeful book , and have been confronted with the possibility that there are monsters that ca n't be vanquished . Not with the power of friendship , not by the power of grace — that maybe they have to be lived with for a while before we know what to do about them .
STORRS , Conn. ( WTNH ) – Starting at 11:30 a.m. Tuesday morning , UConn will be unveiling the energy efficiency projects that have been completed across the university 's Storr 's campus .
UConn completed nearly 80 energy efficiency projects over the last three years as part of its long term plan with Eversource , which supports the state 's clean energy goals and delivers cost savings to UConn .
This is the first long term plan of its kind among Connecticut state colleges and universities .
Governor Malloy , along side officials from UConn , Eversource , and the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection will hold a press conference at Gampel Pavilion addressing the state 's Comprehensive Energy Strategy .
According to the university , their energy efficiency efforts with Eversource over the last three years have resulted in nearly 9.5 million kilowatt hours of electricity saved , cost savings of nearly $ 1.5 million , and CO2 reductions of more than 4,400 tons – the equivalent of nearly 1,100 cars off the road for a year .
For more information on the university 's energy conservation efforts go to www.ecohusky.uconn.edu
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in . Subscribers may login at the login tab , below . Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
MEMPHIS , Tenn. -- Darian King , a qualifier from Barbados , knocked off No . 5 seed Bernard Tomic 6-4 , 6-4 on Tuesday in the first round of the Memphis Open .
King , ranked 140th in the world , dropped just 12 points in 10 service games and never faced a break-point situation against the 32nd-ranked Tomic .
Other first-round winners Tuesday included No . 7 seed Steve Darcis of Belgium , Ryan Harrison of the United States and Matthew Ebden of Australia .
Harrison won 6-3 , 7-5 over Russia 's Konstantin Kravchuk to advance to a second-round matchup with No . 3 seed Sam Querrey . Darcis won 7-5 , 3-6 , 6-4 over Radu Albot of Moldova .
Ebden rallied from a break down in each of the last two sets to beat Canada 's Peter Polansky 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 6-1 in a matchup between two qualifiers . Ebden won the last six games of a match that featured a total of 14 service breaks .
World stocks climbed and equity volatility neared a record low on Monday , December 11 , as investors focused on signs of strong economic growth ahead of a slew of central bank rate decisions , while the launch of bitcoin futures fed the market 's cryptocurrency obsession .
European stocks drew strength from a positive Asian session to trade higher across the board in early deals , nearing four-week highs as bank stocks boosted benchmarks .
MSCI 's main European Index .MSER rose 0.1 percent while the index of leading European companies .STOXX50 gained 0.2 percent . Britain 's FTSE climbed 0.6 percent thanks to a boost from a weaker sterling .
World stocks rose , flirting with their most recent record highs , boosted by more benign Asian trading after Friday 's strong U.S. employment data and Chinese trade figures cemented optimism on the global economy .
Global stocks .MIWD00000PUS rose 0.3 percent to 505.35 , nearing last week 's intraday record of 507.09 .
“ Momentum behind stock markets has been pretty solid , supported in part by good numbers on the economic front and not bad earnings . I do n't see anything happening right now that could break the momentum , ” said Daalder .
Currency and bond markets were cautious ahead of a big week of policy meetings globally , although the Federal Reserve is the only major central bank expected to raise interest rates .
The Bank of England and the European Central Bank are widely seen holding rates steady .
“ Global growth has strengthened but there is very little evidence yet that inflation pressures are picking up , which continues to favor only a gradual pace of monetary policy normalization , ” Lee Hardman , strategist at MUFG , told clients .
Sluggish U.S. wage growth and inflation have sparked some concern overrate rises , and traders will zoom in on the Fed 's future rate projections on Wednesday .
“ It 's a tall order for the median Fed dots to shift lower , but we may see a slight downshift in the distribution , ” said ING forex strategists in a note , adding that the dollar index could fall back below 93 as the Fed 's 25bp rate rise is already priced in .
Data out on Friday showed average hourly earnings in the United States came in lower than economists forecast , despite stronger-than-expected non-farm payrolls , which rose by 228,000 in November .
Most high-grade euro zone bond yields were lackluster in early trading , with 10-year Bund yields , the benchmark for the region , edging below 0.30 percent . DE10YT=TWEB
“ Bunds have drifted lower in recent weeks , ” said Robeco 's Daalder . “ I would say there 's some complacency for sure , but I do n't see any major moves until the new year . ”
The gap between U.S. and German bond yields came close to its widest since April as the monetary policy paths of the two central banks diverged , Reuters reports .
Braden Holtby makes an unbelievable stick save on Alex Tuch 's wrister to keep the score 3-2 as the Capitals even the series at 1-1 . ( 0:42 )
With 1:59 remaining in the third period of Wednesday night 's Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final , Washington Capitals goalie Braden Holtby made the save of the series and preserved a 3-2 win to even things up with the Vegas Golden Knights at a game apiece .
The save will be talked about and dissected for quite some time , as Holtby -- who began the playoffs riding the pine in favor of Philipp Grubauer -- seemed to defy logic in keeping an Alex Tuch one-timer from the slot out of the net . But the save was really a chain of reactions sets in motion seconds before Tuch swatted at Cody Eakin 's pass .
Braden Holtby 's stick came in handy as they stopped Alex Tuch 's potential game-tying goal late in the third period of Game 2 . AP Photo/John Locher
The play really began right around the 2:05 mark , when Golden Knights defenseman Shea Theodore gained the red line coming up the left side of the ice and dumped the puck deep to initiate the forecheck , as Golden Knights goalie Marc-Andre Fleury ascended to the hashmarks in preparation of leaving the ice for an extra skater . Three Capitals skaters retreated backward , as Eakin slipped up the right side . As the puck wrung around the boards in the left corner , it careened awkwardly out in front of the net , rather than wrapping all the way around .
Holtby was set up about halfway deep in their crease with their right shoulder pointed at the corner that the puck was now shooting out from . Forced to react instantly to avoid letting the puck jettison in off their skate , they retreated swiftly to the goal line , feet first and arms high , leaving all of their weight forward on theirs toes .
Editor 's Picks How the Capitals can survive a Kuznetsov absence The Capitals were without their top center for most Game 2 -- and won . Here 's how they can keep winning if they miss more time .
Kelly McCrimmon 's quest to join brother Brad on the Cup As the Golden Knights play for the Stanley Cup , the assistant GM reflects on how their brother would have enjoyed watching this team . 1 Related
The Caps had set up for the dump to wrap around , positioning for a normal breakout , allowing Eakin to scoot in between a pair of Washington skaters to get to the puck right around the faceoff dot to Holtby 's left . This is where it got very interesting .
Holtby had essentially been on the goal line with all of their weight forward , and now they had to set up for the possibility of a quick Eakin shot on goal from about 15 feet . Without a ton of time to react , they settled and squared to the shooter but did not challenge . Perhaps Holtby saw Tuch dropping into the slot from the left side and purposely stayed deep in the net to cut time moving laterally . But more likely , they just did n't have the time to get out on Eakin .
As soon as Eakin touched the puck , Holtby committed to the shot , dropping to the butterfly , but Eakin had instead one-touched the puck across the slot in front of a backchecking John Carlson toward Tuch . At this point , Holtby was already down . Because they were forced deep into their net to avoid the bad bounce off the boards , they never had a chance to truly set up on Eakin , arriving to the shooter late and committing to the shot because they never had a chance to read the play and react . By dropping into the butterfly so quickly , they had eliminated the ability to thrust their right leg across the crease and perform a butterfly slide toward the right post to defend Tuch 's shot .
Holtby also was squared to Eakin , who had made the pass from the low circle . Because of that , they would n't be able to use their left skate to push laterally in the butterfly slide across the crease without resetting . The backdoor post was now 135 degrees from where they were pointed . Holtby never would have been able to pull their left leg up and slide over and back in time to react to Tuch 's imminent one-timer , because it would n't be a simple lateral slide ; they would have had to push over and back . So instead , they reacted the only way they could -- thrusting the backside of their goal stick paddle in front of the massive empty net .
Tuch took the shot from the low slot just above the crease , as the Caps goalie swung their stick in the direction of the net . The puck hit the paddle a few inches off the ice and a few inches beneath Holtby 's blocker on the stick . Because of the down-facing angle of the stick , Holtby was able to not only stop the puck , but also contain the rebound and quickly cover as Carlson and Jay Beagle scurried to aid their goaltender .
Opposing netminder Fleury was begrudgingly in awe of the save , following the game :
play 0:31 Fleury does n't appreciate Holtby 's save Marc-Andre Fleury says Braden Holtby 's save was good , but they wanted it to go in so the Golden Knights could avoid trouble with a loss in Game 2 .
Holtby was behind the play a little bit because they were never really given a chance to catch up . The bad bounce off the end boards put them inside their own net , off balance and out of position . They recovered immediately , but the late setup forced them to react and commit a little prematurely . The resulting angle of their butterfly position prevented them from sliding across the crease to the far post and using their leg pad to make the save . What resulted was one of the best saves you 'll see this season , especially once you consider the situation in which it was made .
The Stanley Cup Final continues with Game 3 on Saturday in Washington , D.C .
The 17-year-old suspect walks into local court in Incheon on Friday . ( Yonhap )
The teen suspect on trial for the murder of an 8-year-old girl in Incheon described themselves as “ going on the hunt , ” it was revealed on Thursday.The defendant , a 17-year-old high school dropout , lured and killed an elementary student at their Incheon home on March 29.The defendant is accused of luring and murdering the victim at their home in Incheon . The defendant strangled the victim , and dismembered their body . They then handed over a part of the victim 's remains to an accomplice , who then disposed of the remains.The defendant has confessed to their crime , but claims that they were influenced by psychological conditions , and that the crime was not premeditated . The suspect is said to be suffering from Asperger syndrome.The prosecution , however , claim that the defendant appears to have followed a carefully laid out plan.According to the prosecution , the suspect left their apartment building using the entrance different to that leading to their home . In addition , the suspect wore sunglasses and used an umbrella to appear as an adult , and later changed into their pajamas before taking out the trash after the murder to appear as though they had remained at home until that point.It was also revealed that the defendant , whose identity is withheld , messaged an accomplice saying “ ( I am ) going on the hunt , ” before murdering the victim.The defendant again messaged the accomplice after the act that reads “ ( I have ) returned home . The situation was good. ” The accomplice , whose identity is also withheld , replied “ ( Is the victim ) alive ? Are the fingers pretty ? ” to which the defendant replied that the victim 's fingers are pretty.The defendant 's attorney , however , claims that they did bring the victim to their home , but the murder was not premeditated . According to the defense team , the victim appeared to abuse the defendant 's cat , which prompted the defendant to attack the child.By Choi He-suk ( cheesuk @ heraldcorp.com )
Kenyans urged going back to work
The Kenya business community has urged Kenyans to resume work .
The Kenya Private sector alliance vice chairperson Patrick Obath says the country has had one week on non productivity which has in turn affected the GDP .
Obath has further asked the aggrieved politicians to raise any petitions to the judiciary .
They have further congratulated Kenyans for so far maintaining peace in the country .
There are many reasons why people generally find it tasking to get job offers or invitations for interviews . One of such reasons is the fact that they make unforgivable mistakes when writing their resumes . Resumes are extremely important documents that should be written with the utmost detail and attention to avoid mistakes . Jumia Travel , the leading online travel agency , shares 5 common mistakes made in resume writing .
Ignoring Keywords
We 're in the information and technology age , as a result , nowadays most resumes are reviewed electronically before they are seen by human eyes . It is , therefore , important to pay attention to keywords when writing your resume . For a good number of organizations or HR consultancy firms , the first round of culling resumes happens through keyword spotting with a hiring software , and if certain keywords are missing from your resume , it is unlikely to make it past the first round . Be sure to use keywords related to the industry you are interested in when writing your resume ; use keywords in your job description ; be sure to use keywords repeatedly from time to time ( but try not to overdo it ) ; and basically just ensure you include exact keywords in your resume and recognize their place in your industry .
Being Too Lengthy
If you 're an average working class professional with less than half a decade of experience , it 's only appropriate for you to condense your resume down to a page or two pages at most . When writing your resume , regardless of your years of experience or professional level , ensure you use words diligently and avoid being unnecessarily verbose . No hiring manager has the time to sift through ‘ ramblings ' in your resume to get to the vital information needed to get you past the screening phase . As a result , you need to pay attention to your words and use them responsibly when writing your resume . Additionally , you can ask a family , friend or close contact with some experience in the area of resume writing to help review your resume and advise you on the parts that need to cut out , rephrased or paraphrased .
Being Vague or Unclear
When hiring managers review you resume , one of the most important things that they are concerned with are your quantitative tasks and accomplishments . It can be detrimental to you to be vague about these when writing your resume . Even when putting descriptions about your former positions , you need to be specific with the details of what you accomplished in these positions . Try to put descriptions in your resume in terms of what you have accomplished , rather than simply listing titles and describing everyday tasks .
Typographical and Grammatical Errors
This should be avoided at all cost because it makes the applicant seem careless and irresponsible , or worse , ignorant about correct grammatical terms and structuring . It sets a precedent for employers or hiring managers to draw very unflattering conclusions about your attitude and verbal , writing and grammatical skills . Your resume , therefore , needs to be grammatically perfect ; and one way to achieve this is to go over it multiple times after writing it to correct errors . You can also give it to a friend , family or close contact with relevant experience to go over it and help correct errors .
Cutting the Meat Out of Your Resume
The fact that you resume should n't be too wordy , does n't mean it should be lacking relevant information . Be wise about the way you write your resume , and avoid cutting things short unnecessarily because you are trying to conform by all means to the one page standard . Just try as much as possible to give concise summaries of important information , but please do n't leave out important information because you are ‘ trying to avoid being too wordy ' .
Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Dell EMC top the league tables for server revenue and sales in Q3 , but face rapid growth from its global competition , according to a new Gartner report .
After an encouraging summer , the server market as a whole is growing with $ 14.7bn ( £11bn ) in revenue , up 16 per cent year-over-year , and shifting 2.8 million units , a 5.1 per cent increase on last year . Jeffrey Hewitt , VP of Gartner , identified `` a build-out of infrastructure to support cloud and hybrid-cloud implementations '' as the cause for the uptick .
HPE remains top dog for revenue , making $ 3.14bn ( £2.3bn ) , despite experiencing a little negative growth ( -3.2 per cent ) , while second-placed Dell made $ 3.07bn ( £2.2bn ) , growing 37.9 per cent to close the gap between it and its rival .
It 's worth noting that while HPE leads as an individual company , companies outside the top five made $ 5.3bn combined , a $ 400m increase over last year , which makes the work of the little guys a significant factor in the sector 's expansion .
China-based Inspur Electronics must have been eating its greens as it has grown by 116.6 per cent since last year , thanks to success around the world ; Gartner highlighting its sales to Chinese cloud providers . It did only make $ 1.08bn , however , putting it fourth behind HPE , Dell and IBM , which itself increased its year-on-year revenue from $ 889m to $ 1.13bn .
In terms of units shipped , the big cheese remains Dell EMC , who shipped 503,000 units , and enjoyed 11.2 per cent growth . HPE came second , selling 463,000 , a reduction of 6.2 per cent .
The big swings came from Lenovo , which lost 33.5 per cent of its market share since last year , and Inspur , which expanded its sales by a respectable 69.5 per cent .
Once again the `` Others '' are dominant by their powers combined , making up 48 per cent of shipments , an increase of 10.4 per cent in a market where most are moving fewer units .
The Europe , the Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) region saw HPE top both revenue and shipments tables , and Dell claiming the two silver medals . Dell 's revenue grew by 50.9 per cent , and its shipments by 9.7 per cent , which Adrian O'Connell , research director for Gartner , says is due to its acquisition of EMC .
O'Connell explained what was going on in behind the EMEA numbers . `` The increased price of certain components due to supply shortages was the main driver of the revenue growth , as vendors passed increased costs on to users .
`` Despite revenues in the third quarter looking relatively positive , the low shipment growth shows the EMEA server market remains constrained . While component shortages will ease , we 're not expecting to see an improvement in the underlying business outlook across the region for some time . '' ®
New Delhi : No-frills airline SpiceJet on Friday said it would launch flight services between the national capital and Jaisalmer from October 29 .
On the same day , the carrier would also start operating direct flights between Jaisalmer and Jaipur as well as re- commence services between Delhi and Jodhpur .
Jaipur-Jaisalmer would be the fourth sector under the regional connectivity scheme ( RCS ) for SpiceJet , which would operate 78-seater Bombardier Q400 on this route , it said in a release .
`` Tickets for the RCS seats on the Jaipur Jaisalmer route will be available at Rs 2,330 ( all in ) whereas the RCS fare on the Jaisalmer Jaipur route will be Rs 2,280 ( all in ) , '' the airline said .
Jaisalmer would be the airline 's 45th domestic destination .
Under the RCS -- which seeks to make flying more affordable as well as improve connectivity -- certain number of seats are sold at lower prices . Airlines participating in the scheme , also known as UDAN ( Ude Desh ka Aam Naagrik ) , are provided viability gap funding by the government .
`` The airline which was awarded 6 proposals and 11 routes under UDAN has introduced four new flights under the scheme and is the only airline which has not sought subsidy or viability gap funding for the same , '' the release said .
SpiceJet operates an average of 384 daily flights , with a fleet of 35 Boeing 737NG and 20 Bombardier Q400 planes .
National Parks Board ( NParks ) has decided to recreate three historical gardens around Fort Canning Park and within . The statutory board of the government of Singapore , according to reports , aims at restoring the heritage of the area with this .
Lawrence Wong , National Development Minister , said on February 3 that they are planning to recreate the environment of Singapore in 14th , 19th and 20th centuries . The construction work is expected to start in March and go on for a year or so .
NParks has asked members of the public to give suggestions . They can go to the NParks website or at a public exhibition at the Fort Canning Centre to give in their inputs between February 3 and 11 .
These gardens will be called Royal Garden , the First Botanic Garden and Jubilee Park . Not only this , two heritage trails will also be introduced along with them . This development was announced by the minister at the launch of a festival at the Fort Canning Hill to celebrate its history and surroundings .
`` Fort Canning Park is an integral part of our history . We want to ensure that its stories continue to be remembered . This is why we are enhancing Fort Canning , '' Wong said , according to Channel NewsAsia .
They dished out more facts about the upcoming project . The First Botanic Garden will mimic the landscape of 19th Century Singapore . The surroundings will remind visitors of the glorious spice trade between historical civilizations in Asia , Northeast Africa and Europe .
Talking about improving the accessibility to the fort , Mr Wong said that the park will be linked to nearby landmarks . `` Covered escalators will bring visitors from Fort Canning MRT station to the hilltop , and from Stamford Green to Fort Canning Park , '' said the minister .
NParks is working hard to revamp parks in Singapore . The country 's first automated underground bicycle parking system was introduced in the Admiralty Park on January 5 .
Have your say
A road in Otley has been shut in anticipation of a dangerously unstable tree falling onto the highway .
The tree on West Chevin Road is estimated to weigh around 20 tonnes .
Leeds City Council forestry staff are at the scene and have predicted that it will fall within the next day .
On Saturday , a large tree fell onto an access road near Roundhay Park , trapping hundreds of cars inside the park .
Ward councillor Sandy Lay took these photos .
Police are looking into a fire which damaged three cars .
Firefighters were called to a car park in Highfield Road , Clitheroe , at 5.17am on Wednesday , and found a car well alight .
A hosereel jet was used to extinguish the fire , but the heat damaged another two additional parked cars .
The fire is believed to have been started deliberately . Police and fire personnel will now be investigating .
There were no casualties .
It might seem silly to say this now — now that “ God of War ” has emerged from nearly a decade of slumber to rapturous acclaim — but when Kratos and Atreus took those first halting steps into the swirling snows of fantasy Norseland back at E3 2016 , there were some that wondered if Sony 's Santa Monica Studio could really stick the transition . After all , translating the ashen-skinned “ Ghost of Sparta ” from the series ' baroque vision of mythic Greece to an entirely different culture proved to be a lot harder than just sticking a pair of Viking horns on their head and calling it a day .
As creative director Cory Barlog recalls , the northward shift was the logical endpoint of a lengthy research cycle that involved Barlog and their fellow writers delving into as many mythological systems as they could get their hands on , sifting through the likes of the ancient Mayans and the stories that gird modern Hinduism , trying to decide which direction to take . Eventually , the field tightened to three choices : starting over at the beginning of Greece , going south to follow Egypt 's Book of the Dead , or crawling up to the land of snow and ice .
“ There were fantastic stories in each system , ” Barlog says . “ But I knew there was a place for each of them , but not right away . The last two we came down to , that ones that were so exciting , were Egyptian and Norse . I really loved the idea that the pharaohs were the early vessels for the Gods , and they existed in an active , urban civilization . We did n't do a lot of that in the early games . But I did n't know if we were ready for it technically , and geographically , it 's not that far away from Greece . There 's a lot of crossover in the culture . If you 're going to go hide out , hiding out at your neighbor 's house is n't a smart move . That 's basically what Kratos would be doing . ”
To Barlog , though the Norse myth system possessed many obvious parallels to the Greek pantheon that Kratos spent a trilogy-and-a-half smashing through , they were more interested in its subtle deviations , such as what they dub “ the bizarre Scandinavian sense of humor , ” one quality that they admit the previous trilogy lacked . Since the team knew that this new entry would have to be much grander in scale than its largely-linear predecessors , Barlog felt that those bawdy tales would help the game find a more dynamic emotional palette , rather than what they call the “ morose and dour ” themes of the previous trilogy .
Though popular culture typically presents these gods as belonging to a coherent “ canon ” of well-defined stories , in reality , most mythological systems are based on a narrow skein of sources and fragments that offer a radically-incomplete and sometimes self-contradictory portrait of an alien society . As Jackson Crawford , a translator and scholar of Old Norse texts who teaches at the University of Colorado Boulder , puts it : “ Greek mythology is typically taught as a very scholastic subject , whereas Norse myth is typically encountered for fun . As a result , people often assume that Greek mythology has more of a ‘ canon ' than it really does , because of books like Edith Hamilton 's ‘ Mythology , ' which typically presents one version of a story , rather than all the different variants from Ovid or Hesiod . In Norse mythology , the seams are a lot more visible , because 90 % of the sources are the ‘ Poetic Edda ' or the ‘ Prose Edda , ' and the different variants are more well-known . That affects people 's attitude towards it . They interpret it as less of something that belonged to a different culture , and more of a story they can interpret on their own . And that 's how it 's presented in media like ‘ God of War . ' ”
According to Crawford , “ God of War ” benefits immensely from a current wave of increased interest in Norse mythology inaugurated by the likes of Peter Jackson 's “ Lord of the Rings ” films and the advent of the inescapable Marvel Cinematic Universe . Recently , he 's started a YouTube channel where they try to give context to the enduring misconceptions surrounding these stories ; for example , the Marvel films depict Thor and Loki as brothers with a complex relationship steeped in years of mutual distrust , whereas in the myths they sprang from , they 're merely distant cousins who totally despise each other . As the result of these videos , Crawford says that they get upwards of a hundred emails a day from fans of their channel , asking for advice on Norse tattoos and blasting barrages of hyper-specific queries about minor characters from the Eddas .
“ I get emails that say stuff like , ‘ tell me more about this one dwarf that Odin mentions once , ' ” Crawford says . “ And , well , the truth is that while there is a deeper story , that story is n't told in the sources we have . The majority of names that occur in Norse mythology are like that , just a passing reference . The very fact that there 's no extended edition that explains all that — that 's what whets people 's appetites . It 's the mystery , the sense of it not being a closed body of myth . It 's a limitless universe that your imagination can fill in how it wants , like a well-written RPG sourcebook . It 's very similar to the works of Tolkien , who was very influenced by Norse myth himself . People fall in love with the mystery . ”
Both Barlog and Crawford point to the villain of “ God of War ” as perhaps the game 's best example of harnessing the lacunas in the myth system for its own ends , the gorgeous god Baldur . Unlike Loki , the perennial “ bad guy ” of Norse-inspired media , Baldur has virtually no personality and no dialogue in the Eddas : as Crawford so elegantly puts it , he 's beautiful , he 's popular , and then he 's dead , in that order . Thus , any depiction of Baldur in popular media must be understood as a projection , an artist 's interpretation of a character so thinly-sketched that he 's practically the MacGuffin of their own life 's story . It was Baldur 's entirely superficial reputation that so attracted Barlog to the character in the first place , which eventually produced the misunderstood villain that fans of the game know and love .
“ Nobody looks at Baldur and says , ‘ Oh , he 's an antagonistic force that wants to control the world . ' He 's a character who 's painted into a box , and I 'm projecting into that box , based on my knowledge of celebrities , ” says Balrog . “ Celebrities always want to branch out and do a new thing , but their fans keep them in the box . He 's known for being invulnerable , but they do n't want to be invulnerable . Think about it , this was a time where there were no intellectual pursuits . They did n't have books to read or TV to watch . There 's fighting , feasting , loving , and getting drunk . That 's it . Those are the things you 're able to do . And if you take the feeling out of all of those things , your brain sort of atrophies and you feel locked in . ”
Barlog compares Baldur 's plight to the seminal Dalton Trumbo novel “ Johnny Got Their Gun , ” which depicts the heartrending internal monologue of a World War I veteran trapped in a broken body . And though their tragic vision of a god most famous for their pointless death definitely managed to resonate with wide swaths of players , it 's hard not to ask the obvious question : in a game that spins out the larger-than-life figures of Norse mythology , where the heck are Thor , Odin , and Loki ? And though die-hard fans of the game know the answer to one of those , Barlog points to the outsized influence of the “ Thor ” films as limiting the audience 's perception of whom these gods can be as characters .
“ For better or worse , in most people 's minds , Thor is Chris Hemsworth , Loki is Tom Hiddleston , and Odin is Anthony Hopkins , ” they say . “ I can sit here and say , ‘ Hey , these guys are n't charming heroes . In the myths , they 're monsters , ' all I want . They just did n't suit the first game . When those guys finally come around , we want it to mean something . There were guys in the studio who thought it was the biggest mistake possible , that Thor should 've been the very first guy that Kratos should fight . And , well , there 's a certain amount of logic to that – after all , ‘ God of War 1 ' starts with the Hydra , which is really well-known — in the draft , we wrote where that happened , it did n't feel right . It felt like we were writing the second game . So we shifted it around . ”
Crawford identifies this wholesale reimagining of the mythology they teach as part of the zeitgeist , a movement that they dub “ the dark side ” of Norse myths . And while some might interpret the ethics presented in the stories that inspire ultraviolent fare like “ God of War ” as a bit questionable by our modern lights , as Crawford puts it , of course they seem strange to us today — they 're a product of a completely different era of morality . “ The Vikings are n't a virtue-sin society , they 're an honor-shame society , ” they say . “ That 's alien to us . The great heroes of the Sagas are all murderers and plunderers , but they never back down from a fight , and they 're always hospitable to guests . That 's what was considered moral in their day . You get into the cool afterlife — Valhalla — by fighting . So , you always want to fight . They 're a martial society , and their culture reflects that . ”
And though Crawford does n't mind the continued popularity of these ancient figures in games like “ God of War ” — “ these classes are big moneymakers for the University , ” they said , laughing — they take great pains to emphasize that they 're not their life . “ This is my job , ” they said . “ I put in a lot of effort into making sure that people know that I 'm not a wannabe . If you walk into my office , you wo n't see any Viking horns or anything like that . But it 's nice that people are reinterpreting these stories . In a way , that 's what 's been happening in mythology from the very beginning . It 's just the next turn in the story , and it speaks to their enduring appeal . ”
Australia-based payment firm PromisePay , which raised $ 10 million last year , has a double shot of news this week : it has rebranded to Assembly Payments and inked a major partnership deal with Gumtree .
The deal will see Gumtree , which is owned by eBay , introduce a new services-focused business in Africa . Gumtree Connect links users with local home services , such as cleaners , machine repairs and more in same way as apps like ThumbTack in the U.S. and ServisHero in Asia . It 's for that business that Gumtree has selected PromisePay Assembly Payments , which built its payment service specifically for marketplaces with features like credibility checks , dispute resolution , etc .
Gumtree Connect is initially available in South Africa , one of Gumtree 's most notable markets with six million registered users , but there is the potential for expansion further down the line .
“ Assembly Payments was chosen after a lengthy global search for the ideal payment partner . Their expertise in areas such as fraud , chargebacks , compliance , escrow and customer support has meant they are a great fit for Gumtree , ” Gumtree 's head of verticals Andre Hugo said in a statement .
As for the name change , Assembly Payments ' CEO and co-founder Simon Lee told TechCrunch by email that it “ better reflects the nature of our platform . ”
“ Payments are the centerpiece of a great customer experience , ” Lee continued . “ And companies are sick of being stifled by old , legacy payments systems . So we tore the whole system and apart and let anyone re-assemble it however they like . ”
Founded in 2014 , Assembly Payments claimed it has increased its revenue by 25 percent month-on-month over the past year . It said it is active on over 100 platforms , including Airtasker , Hipages , Flippa and Carsales.com.au , and has raised over $ 13 million from investors .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Vietnam 's Thatcherism could do with fewer Hanoi characteristics . The sale of a 20 percent slug of state-controlled electricity provider PV Power is the country 's latest successful privatisation . Stake sales are going gangbusters , as is the local stock market . That makes it easy to refrain from enacting deeper reforms , but they would help sustain the momentum .
Asia 's fastest-growing economy logged 7.7 percent year-over-year growth last quarter . The ruling Communist Party is embracing freer trade and the reduction of the state 's role in everything from beer to petrol stations . It 's less Karl Marx , and more Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s Britain .
The sale of brewer Sabeco in December was a watershed moment . Almost a decade after an initial public offering and a year after a tiny piece was listed – the two processes are separate in Vietnam – the government sold 54 percent to Thai Beverage for $ 4.8 billion . A valuation of about 40 times expected earnings is encouraging more similar deals .
In January , pieces of national energy champion PetroVietnam were sold . Anticipation is mounting for what could be more chunky sales , from mobile operator MobiFone , Heineken partner Saigon Trading Group , and Saigon Tourist . According to RongViet Securities , 70 percent of 271 divestments scheduled for 2018 to 2020 will take place this year .
All of this has occurred amid a corruption crackdown extending into the upper echelons of Vietnam 's political hierarchy , which has not dimmed Hanoi 's resolve . Worries about the impact of rising rates and debt also have not dampened enthusiasm on the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange .
A two-day outage last week due to technological malfunction , however , was a timely reminder of just how young the system is .
The government has been steadily making changes . It closed a yawning gap between IPO and listing . Hanoi also now allows underwriters to gauge demand in a so-called book-building , when selling state assets . It has not yet used the new tool in privatisations , and could stick to auctions .
Codifying the Western-style approach might lead to fewer sky-high price tags that risk limiting future sales and more balanced shareholder registers . Securities-law revisions due by 2019 covering everything from exchanges to governance should help , too . Vietnam would be wise to avoid letting short-term exuberance get in the way of longer-term benefits .
0:27 RAW : Trinity INT ends Carroll 's opening drive Pause
0:31 RAW : Arlington Bowie recovers fumble , caught from two angles
1:03 Top paid high school football coaches in the Fort Worth area
1:29 Arlington Colts remain perfect , at 4-0
1:20 Keller on a win streak : 'They had n't won in awhile , ' Indians coach Carl Stralow
0:25 RAW : South Hills with quick strikes
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
8:01 Tommy Manion describes BB gun incident with horse
0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. -- The Jaguars could be without starting receiver Marqise Lee and starting center Brandon Linder for Sunday 's game at Pittsburgh .
Lee ( ribs ) and Linder ( illness ) were among four players the Jaguars listed as questionable for the game at Heinz Field . Receiver Jaelen Strong ( hamstring ) and safety Jarrod Wilson ( shoulder ) -- both reserves -- also will be game-day decisions . Linebacker and core special teams player Lerentee McCray ( knee ) is out .
Lee did do some work Friday , and coach Doug Marrone said that was encouraging , because the receiver had not practiced since suffering the injury during Sunday 's loss to the New York Jets .
`` You ca n't ever walk in someone else 's shoes when it comes to pain tolerance , but it 's a painful injury , '' Marrone said .
Not having Lee would create a huge issue for the Jaguars , who lost top receiver Allen Robinson for the season with a torn left ACL in the season opener . Lee is the Jaguars ' second-leading receiver ( 13 catches for 159 yards ) behind Allen Hurns ( 16 catches , 186 yards , two TDs ) .
The Jaguars have only two other healthy receivers who have caught a pass this season : undrafted rookie Keelan Cole ( four catches ) and veteran Arrelious Benn ( one ) , whose main role is on special teams . They would have an increased role on offense against the Steelers if Lee ca n't play .
Strong , whom the Jaguars claimed off waivers on Sept. 19 from Houston , suffered a hamstring injury on a diving catch in their first practice with the Jaguars and missed the team 's next five practices . They were limited in each practice this week and is unlikely to have much of a role on offense .
Max McCaffrey , whom the Jaguars signed off New Orleans ' practice squad on Sept. 12 , has played in the last three games mainly on special teams and does not have a catch .
Linder did not practice on Wednesday but was limited on Thursday and Friday . Tyler Shatley would start in their place .
But they 're reluctant to force the issue , probably because they do n't want to offend their father by usurping their position .
We suspect it 's because they do n't want to spend the money . Their adult sons have power of attorney and we 've advised them to take control and get outside help since the circumstances are clearly unacceptable .
They refuse to involve outside assistance , such as community programs outside the home or a caregiver for some of the time during the week .
The result 's a disaster with my sister 's welfare being compromised regarding regular changing of diapers — they 're left out to dry and then reused . There 's urine on the furniture . Clothes are n't washed properly .
Q : My older sister has advanced dementia and is unable to care for herself . Them husband , 80 , insists on taking care of them by themselves — including their personal hygiene , cooking , cleaning , washing , etc .
How do we convince my nephews to exercise their power of attorney , if that 's the best solution to get help for my sister ?
My oldest sister feels helpless and depressed seeing their younger sister in such disgusting conditions . She 's told my nephews to get professional help .
A : Your nephews have n't responded to such pleas . It 's a sensitive issue to take over what their father may be trying to handle the best they can at 80 . They and their sons may fear that outsiders may decide that your sister is no longer able to stay in their home .
Yet , with the conditions so “ unacceptable , ” you and your older sister need to find surer footing for challenging this situation .
Look into what 's available regarding community care options — type of care ( personal hygiene , housekeeping , visiting nurse ? ) and the costs .
You likely have some sense of your brother 's ability to pay .
Ask a lawyer what entitlement their wife has to use of that money , or what legal responsibility they have to make their life as comfortable as they can afford , even if it means remortgaging their home . Also , learn what the sons ' legal responsibility is to them under their power of attorney .
So far , you and your sister are dealing with your natural concerns and emotions , along with your own sense of what 's needed .
When you have all the facts , you 'll know what to say and what to do .
FEEDBACK Regarding the bride who wanted both their biological dad and their stepdad to walk them down the aisle ( March 22 ) :
Reader : “ So the biological dad wo n't “ share their daughter ? ” Just think , if the bride decides to go ahead and have just their stepdad walk them down the aisle , people are going to start wondering why the bride 's father was n't taking part .
“ Would they think that perhaps the biological father had done something offensive to be left out ? It might even make the stepdad look like the good guy .
“ I believe that any parent who chooses to put their or their needs ahead of the marrying couple could have this backfire .
“ I think that the bride and groom 's solution was a very good one and it augurs well for their future together . ”
Ellie : Agreed . The fiancé suggested that their bride walks halfway on their own , and they join them there , because that 's what their marriage will be about — “ meeting each other halfway . ”
TIP OF THE DAY
If you suspect an older person needs more care , get informed about available resources and legal responsibilities .
Read Ellie Monday to Saturday . Email ellie @ thestar.ca or visit them website , ellieadvice.com .
Members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn . really want you to know they saw “ All the Money in the World ” before you did .
We kid . Kind of…
The international journalists group nominated Ridley Scott 's embattled film for a whopping three prizes Monday morning . Those included the best director nom for Scott himself , who rallied their team back together for 10 days of reshoots following star Kevin Spacey 's abrupt fall from grace amid sexual assault and harassment allegations .
As Variety exclusively reported , the Sony film was screened in a rough for for the group a week ago , just four days after production wrapped for a second time with actor Christopher Plummer replacing Spacey as oil tycoon J. Paul Getty . Plummer was also nominated , for supporting actor , while Michelle Williams picked up a lead actor , drama , nomination .
“ All the Money in the World ” will be the last Oscar hopeful to screen for domestic press this year when it 's finally revealed in a completed form later this week . Scott is expected to participate in a Q & A following a Los Angeles screening on Friday , Dec. 15 .
The film missed all other early voting deadlines this year , including that of Critics ' Choice Awards voting body , the Broadcast Film Critics Assn. , as well as the New York and Los Angeles critics groups . The focus now will be on guilds and Academy , as Scott has somewhat miraculously brought their financiers ' investment back from the brink of ruin , expunging a toxic name from the project just as “ Wind River ” director Taylor Sheridan did with Harvey Weinstein .
Though for Scott and company , it was obviously more complicated than simply deleting a credit ; it was a herculean ( and likely quite costly ) effort , one that only a seasoned and confident filmmaker could have imagined , let alone managed .
“ All the Money in the World ” is set for release on Dec. 25 .
Guerrilla Economist Rogue Money
Rogue Money is a economics-based digital magazine and radio show with in-depth news and analysis which stays ahead of the market and global events . Top market strategists and think tank contributors capture tomorrow 's headlines here .
ERIN , Wis. -- Bad news for Phil Mickelson without even being at Erin Hills : The forecast calls for a reasonable chance of storms for all but one day this week -- Thursday , when he 'll be in California for their daughter 's high school graduation .
Mickelson has yet to withdraw , saying they will need a four-hour delay in the first round of the U.S. Open to have any chance of flying to Wisconsin ( more than three hours in the air ) and getting to the first tee . Editor 's Picks Alternate Diaz awaits long day , Lefty decision Alternate Roberto Diaz must be ready for Thursday 's first tee time -- 6:45 a.m. -- in case an injury , illness or something else unexpected besets one of the other 155 players in the U.S. Open field .
They are to play at 2:20 p.m. in Wisconsin . Graduation is noon ( Wisconsin time ) .
At least their caddie , Jim `` Bones '' Mackay , made it to Erin Hills to scout the course on the rare chance of Mickelson making it to the U.S. Open . Mackay thinks Erin Hills is perfect for Mickelson , mainly because of wide fairways and the need for a great short game . Barring a delay in the first round of the U.S. Open on Thursday , Phil Mickelson is expected to withdraw from the tournament as he 'll be attending their daughter 's high school graduation in California . Khris Hale/Icon Sportswire
`` He wants it , obviously , as badly as they want anything else , '' Mackay told Fox Sports . `` So it would be a really cool thing if it worked out for them tomorrow . Knowing Phil and knowing how much they want to play , it would n't surprise me if they left if rain was n't in the forecast . You never know out here with this kind of humidity . Storms can roll up unexpectedly .
`` I 'm leaving them alone , but it would n't surprise me if they left , flew a little bit and then if the guys tee off at 2:20 , turn around and go home . ''
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Sialkot
Provincial Minister for Local Bodies and Community Development Mansha Ullah Butt listened the problems of the people in an open Kutchery held at the PML-N House Paris Road here on Sunday .
They issued orders to the concerened departments for early releif to the people on several applications . Local MPA Ch Muhammad Ikram , PML-N leaders Babar Khan , Mian Ashfaq , President PML-N ( Women Wing ) Sialkot Nusrat Jamshaid and General Secretary PML-N Sialkot Shujaat Ali Pasha were also present on this occasion .
The minister urged the local bodies representatives to perform their duties with full honesty and dedication for serving the people without any political discrimination.—APP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A police inspector played a game of cat and mouse with the investigation into their wife 's death , after their body was found in a lake , a court heard .
Darren McKie admitted the manslaughter of wife Leanne , a 39-year-old detective constable , on the ninth day of their trial , but continues to deny their murder .
The mother-of-three 's body was found in Poynton Lake , Cheshire , on September 29 last year .
In their closing speech at Chester Crown Court on Monday , Nigel Power QC , prosecuting , said the Greater Manchester Police officer had lied during their police interviews to try and cover up their crime .
( Image : PA )
( Image : MEN WS )
( Image : MEN Media )
They said : `` He turned the whole thing into a game of cat and mouse .
`` He turned it into a game of tactics .
`` He turned it into a scheming plot of talk when you think you can get away with it , do n't talk when you think you ca n't .
`` Most of all they threw away all respect for the process . ''
They said McKie , 43 , had left work on September 28 after their wife discovered their `` criminal dishonesty and fraud '' when they found out they had applied for a loan in their name .
They returned to their home in Wilmslow at noon and 10 minutes later spoke to a surveyor on the phone to confirm a time for a valuation of the house , in connection with the loan .
`` Mrs McKie , you may think , was already dead , '' Mr Power said .
`` The defendant was just buying some time to deal with their body . ''
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
The jury was told they needed to consider whether McKie , who had been a police officer for 20 years , had intended to cause their wife at least serious bodily harm .
Mr Power ripped up a set of questions they had intended to ask McKie before they changed their plea but read 25 questions which they would have asked them if they had given evidence in the case .
The questions included : `` Did you think about your three children as you were killing their mother ? ''
Mr Power said : `` You might think no one could come up with a sensible set of answers which could possibly avoid conviction for murder based on those questions . ''
They said for the first nine days of trial McKie , through their counsel , had tried to `` cast doubt on what was undoubtedly true '' before pleading guilty to manslaughter .
They said : `` Now , as a desperate last attempt to avoid conviction for murder , the defendant asks you to accept the proposition ( ... ) they only intended to cause some , not serious , harm when they strangled their wife . ''
( Image : MEN Media )
Mr Power said pathology evidence showed Mrs McKie had died after being strangled for a `` prolonged '' period of a minute or more .
They said : `` The evidence about injuries to the neck structures is utterly compelling , we say , in proving that the defendant intended to cause their wife at the very least serious bodily harm .
`` You may think , in fact , they intended to kill .
`` You might ask yourselves , if you persisted that long , would you be able to feel the life literally ebbing away from the person you have strangled . ''
The case was adjourned until Tuesday .
The Met Office has issued a weather warning of ice and snow which extends into late Tuesday morning .
Ice started forming on road and pavements from mid-afternoon today and the big freeze will continue overnight into the morning .
Wintry showers may also bring some fresh snowfalls , mostly to higher ground . Accumulations of 2cm to 5cm are possible , again mostly above 100-150m in places in eastern Scotland and eastern England . Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with some journey times taking longer .
There will probably be icy stretches on some untreated roads , pavements and cycle paths with the Met Office warning of possible injuries from slips trips and falls .
The Chief Forecaster said : `` Showers , falling as a messy mix of rain , sleet and snow , will push into northern and eastern parts of the UK and last through much of the night . These will lead to icy stretches forming as surface temperatures rapidly fall below freezing from early Monday evening .
`` Some small further snow accumulations are also possible in places . The showers will gradually die out from the north overnight , but will likely persist for much of the period in parts of south-east England . ''
ALAMEDA , Calif. — The Oakland Raiders have signed free agent quarterback Josh Johnson to compete for the backup position .
The team also officially announced the signing of cornerback Shareece Wright on Monday . Wright said last week they had agreed to join the Raiders .
Wright spent last season in Buffalo , where they had one interception and five passes defenced in 12 games .
Johnson is an Oakland native and was drafted by Tampa Bay in Raiders coach Jon Gruden 's last season there in 2008 . Johnson has spent time with 10 teams and started five games . They have completed 96 of 177 passes for 1,042 yards , five touchdowns and 10 interceptions and a 57.7 passer rating .
CJ Group Chairman Sohn Kyoung-shik ( CJ Group )
South Korea 's CJ Group vowed to actively pursue new strategic mergers and acquisitions in 2017 to strengthen its core businesses and to boost their global competitiveness. “ Despite the continued economic downturn and unstable market conditions , I ask all our employees to make this a historic year in the future growth of the company , ” said CJ Group Chairman Sohn Kyoung-shik.Sohn urged CJ to pursue strategic M & A 's to expand its main businesses -- food , biotechnology , retail and entertainment -- and to break into new , emerging markets that can drive new growth.CJ 's business units should also strive to become the No . 1 player in their respective fields , as well as adopt a culture of aiming for the best , Sohn said.Urging employees to help the group “ go beyond the ‘ Great CJ ' to become the ‘ World Best CJ , ' ” Sohn pledged to take the lead in steering the group toward this direction.CJ is hoping to build upon its 2016 achievements , including CJ CheilJedang 's expansion into the home meal replacement food market and driving up exports.Last year , CJ Korea Express also began constructing the Konjiam Terminal while CJ E & M LED various TV programs and dramas to success including “ Three Meals a Day , “ Signal ” and “ Another Oh Hae Young , ” the group said.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys @ heraldcorp.com )
Valtteri Bottas says they expected to be in a stronger position in the 2017 Formula One title fight heading into the summer break but admits they are yet to extract their best form .
The Finn has impressed in their first campaign with Mercedes , claiming their maiden grand prix victory in just their fourth race with the reigning world champions . A second win at the Austrian Grand Prix and a further six podium appearances have hauled Bottas into title contention -- sitting just 33 points shy of championship leader Sebastian Vettel and 19 behind teammate Lewis Hamilton -- despite suffering a DNF in Spain .
`` I was hoping to be in a slightly better position in the championship , '' Bottas said when asked what they made of their performance in the first half of 2017 . `` I think we are still looking good for points in the constructors ' but we 've had some difficult races , which is not ideal and for us as only winning is good enough for the team . That 's always going to be the target . We definitely have work to do and I have work to do .
`` I feel there are things I can still improve as long as I keep working with the team as we have been doing so far . I know the second half will be better for me and my best performances are still on the way . That 's how I feel so that 's why I 'm really looking forward to the second half of the season . I would say the first half has been average because I always set targets very high but obviously some good moments as well . ''
Octane/Action Plus via Getty Images
Mercedes appeared to have overcome its early-season car troubles following a run of three victories in four races across June and July , however , Ferrari hit back to claim its first victory -- and one-two finish -- since May 's Monaco Grand Prix in Hungary . The result cut Mercedes ' advantage in the constructors ' standings to 39 points , while Vettel was able to move 14 points clear in the drivers ' championship .
Bottas is confident Mercedes can return to winning ways at the upcoming races in Belgium and Italy but says the German manufacturer needs to continue to make progress in order to stay ahead of chief rivals Ferrari .
`` I really think the next two races at least on paper we think should be a bit better for us , compared to Ferrari . But I think they 've made some good progress and we definitely do have work to do . They are quick through the corners and we need to work on that and we need to work on our maximum downforce package . I think that 's the main thing , so there 's work to do .
`` There 's still many track to come that requires a lot of downforce . Spa is mainly about efficiency , Monza is very low downforce but then Singapore you need the downforce again . We are really working hard and trying to make the car better because if we do n't make any progress it 's going to be a tricky season . ''
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Abington Heights ' Seth Maxwell , right , is fouled by Scranton 's Matt Hart on Tuesday . JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Abington Heights ' George Tinsley takes a shot over Scranton 's Ky'Ron Harbin during Tuesday 's game .
Abington Heights charged out of the blocks and its balanced attack built the momentum the team desired heading into the postseason .
Four Comets scored in double figures in a 66-49 win over Scranton in their Lackawanna League Division I regular-season finale Tuesday night .
No . 2 Abington Heights improved to 19-3 overall and 11-2 in the division , and secured the top seed for the District 2 Class 5A playoffs , which begin Tuesday .
“ This is a great win and gets us ready for the playoffs , ” said junior Jackson Danzig , who scored 16 points to lead Abington Heights . “ We wanted to play well heading into districts .
“ Scranton is a really athletic team , so we wanted to get out to a good start and getting a big lead really helped us out . ”
Abington Heights patiently executed its offense , launching high-percentage shots and making 25 of 42 from the field .
Sophomore George Tinsley scored 15 points — with nine coming in the second half — and contributed 10 rebounds .
“ We felt really good , ” Tinsley said . “ We have been pushing in practice and focusing on ball movement and making the extra pass . ”
Seth Maxwell , the Comets 7-foot senior center , had 14 points . They had 10 in the second quarter in their matchup against Scranton 's Matt Hart , who is 6-foot-10 .
“ I knew I had to be more of a post man going against Matt , ” Maxwell said . “ I just wanted to be strong and get to the rim . ”
Sophomore Trey Koehler chipped in 13 points , nine in the second half , and handed out four assists .
With Danzig scoring six points in the first quarter , Abington Heights jetted out to an 8-0 lead in the first 3 minutes . The Comets built a 14-5 advantage as Scranton made only 2 of 8 field goals and had five turnovers .
“ You ca n't spot great teams eight points to start the game , ” Scranton coach Tony Battaglia said . “ It 's too hard to climb out of it . We made some runs , but every time we did , they responded , because that 's what great teams do . ”
Abington Heights built its lead with Maxwell dominating in the paint . They scored five straight points to push the lead to 19-6 with 5:13 left in the second , and they had four more than part of a 10-4 finish to the half that pushed the lead to 32-16 .
“ We were really focused on getting the ball and taking it to the rack , ” Maxwell said .
Ky'Ron Harbin and Robbie McAndrew tried to get Scranton ( 13-9 , 9-4 in Division I ) back in the game . Harbin scored eight of their 21 points in the third quarter and McAndrew had nine of their 15 in the fourth for the Knights , who will be playing in the District 2 Class 6A playoffs .
But , Abington Heights had too many answers . Tinsley helped extinguish runs with five points and three defensive rebounds in the fourth quarter when the Comets used a 9-2 run to put the game away .
“ That run was very important , ” Tinsley said . “ It helped us get back a big lead and we were able to hold it . ”
Contact the writer :
jbfawcett @ timesshamrock.com
@ JobyFawcett26 on Twitter
Abington Heights ( 19-3 , 11-2 ) — J. Danzig 6-9 2-2 16 , G. Tinsley 6-9 3-3 15 , S. Maxwell 6-11 2-4 14 , T. Koehler 5-10 2-3 13 , T. Rothenberger 1-2 4-4 6 , A. Derry 1-1 0-0 2 , J. Nealon 0-0 0-0 0 , D. Nealon 0-0 0-0 0 , T. Schimelfenig 0-0 0-0 0 , B. Bauman 0-0 0-0 0 , L. Goodman 0-0 0-0 0 , M. Sherman 0-0 0-0 0 . Totals : 25-42 13-16 66 .
Scranton ( 13-9 , 9-4 ) — K. Harbin 8-12 3-7 21 , R. McAndrew 5-9 2-2 14 , M. Hart 3-9 0-0 6 , N. Cunningham 2-6 0-0 4 , T. Stankowski 1-1 0-0 2 , Z. Blackwell 1-4 0-0 2 , T. Jones 0-1 0-0 0 , I. Montgomery 0-0 0-0 0 , M. Vaughn 0-0 0-0 0 , C. Jordan 0-0 0-0 0 , T. Chalmers 0-3 0-0 0 . Totals : 20-45 5-9 49 .
Abington Heights 14 18 19 15 — 66
Scranton 5 11 17 16 — 49
3-point shooting : AH 3-7 ( Danzig 2-3 , Koehler 1-3 , Maxwell 0-1 ) , SCR 4-13 ( Harbin 2-3 , McAndrew 2-3 , Cunningham 0-3 , Chalmers 0-2 , Blackwell 0-1 , Jones 0-1 ) . Rebounds : AH 26 ( Tinsley 10 ) , SCR 17 ( Hart 8 ) . Assists : AH 13 ( Koehler 4 ) , SCR 6 ( Harbin , Stankowski 2 ) . Steals : AH 7 ( Rothenberger , Danzig 2 ) , SCR 5 ( McAndrew 2 ) . Blocks : AH 1 ( Maxwell ) , SCR 2 ( Harbin , Hart ) . Turnovers : AH 9 , SCR 12 . JV : Scranton , 72-71 , 2 OT ( SCR : Keys 14 , AH : J.Nealon 19 ) .
West Scranton 62 , Valley View 40
At West Scranton , Cole Stetzar hit four 3-pointers and scored 20 points to lead the eighth-ranked Invaders to a Division I win .
Josh Hart added 14 points for West Scranton .
Bobby Craig had 12 points for No . 10 Valley View .
Valley View ( 10-12 , 4-9 ) — B. Craig 5 0-1 12 , M. Kudrich 1 6-7 9 , J. Boone 3 0-0 7 , A. Munoz 2 0-0 6 , D. Howanitz 1 0-0 3 , B. Durkin 0 2-2 2 , N. Smith 0 1-2 1 , D. Black 0 0-0 0 , C. Combs 0 0-0 0 , J. Duplessis 0 0-0 0 , C. Combs 0 0-2 0 , F. Pazzaglia 0 0-0 0 , N. Tomassoni 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 12 9-14 40 .
West Scranton ( 12-9 , 6-7 ) — C. Stetzar 5 6-11 20 , J. Hart 7 0-0 14 , S. Fanning 5 2-5 12 , M. Williams 3 1-3 7 , A. Lipowitch 1 1-1 3 , B. Carlton 1 1-2 3 , B. Harrington 1 0-2 2 , S. Jarbola 0 1-2 1 , S. Merrifield 0 0-0 0 , A. Mangan 0 0-0 0 , C. Kelly 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 23 12-26 62 .
Valley View 13 8 6 13 — 40
West Scranton 17 19 11 15 — 62
3-point goals : B. Craig ( VV ) 2 , A. Munoz ( VV ) 2 , J. Boone ( VV ) , D. Howanitz ( VV ) , M. Kudrich ( VV ) , C. Stetzar ( WS ) 4 . JV : West Scranton , 53-48 ( WS : Gioia 15 ; VV : Munoz 14 ) .
Carbondale Area 48 , Riverside 46
At Riverside , Evan Dearie hit their only basket of the game at the buzzer to give Carbondale Area a win in Division III .
Giovanni Mustica led the Chargers with 13 points .
Bill Nash scored 21 points for Riverside .
Carbondale Area ( 10-11 , 3-2 ) — G. Mustica 5 3-4 13 , B. Salitsky 4 1-2 9 , M. Zazzera 3 0-0 8 , B. Rumford 2 1-2 7 , P. Durkin 2 1-1 5 , J. Henderson 2 0-0 4 , E. Dearie 1 0-0 2 . Totals : 19 6-9 48 .
Riverside ( 6-15 , 2-4 ) — B. Nash 8 2-2 21 , E. Carrubba 5 0-0 11 , M. Echeverria 3 3-4 9 , N. Sottile 2 0-0 5 , M. Antoniacci 0 0-0 0 , J. Davis 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 18 5-6 46 .
Carbondale Area 6 11 16 15 — 48
Riverside 16 7 16 7 — 46
3-point goals : B. Rumford ( CAR ) 2 , M. Zazzera ( CAR ) 2 , B. Nash ( RIV ) 3 , E. Carrubba ( RIV ) , N. Sottile ( RIV ) . JV : Carbondale Area , 46-44 ( CAR : Mauro , Rossetti , Durkin , 12 ; RIV : Reyes , Antoniacci , 10 ) .
Old Forge 67 , Lakeland 56
At Old Forge , Ben Grochowski scored 34 points to lead the Blue Devils .
Brett Wargo added eight points for Old Forge .
Jake Curnow scored 20 points for Lakeland and James Lewis had 16 .
Lakeland ( 4-17 , 0-5 ) — J. Curnow 7 6-8 20 , J. Lewis 7 2-3 16 , S. Stearns 6 0-0 15 , J. Borosky 2 1-2 5 , S. Morgan 0 0-0 0 , J. Kutchmanich 0 0-0 0 , N. Bertholf 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 22 9-13 56 .
Old Forge ( 6-15 , 1-4 ) — B. Grochowski 14 6-6 34 , B. Wargo 4 0-0 8 , K. Welsh 3 0-0 6 , P. Banks 3 0-0 6 , S. Smith 2 1-2 5 , E. Mulrooney 2 0-0 4 , J. Verespey 1 0-0 2 , B. Née 1 0-0 2 . Totals : 30 7-8 67 .
Lakeland 9 14 9 24 — 56
Old Forge 22 17 14 14 — 67
3-point goals : S. Stearns ( LAK ) 3 . JV : No game .
Delaware Valley 47
North Pocono 41
At Delaware Valley , Shane Acoveno scored 15 points to lead the seventh-ranked Warriors to a Division II win .
Zach Klapak had 10 points for the winners .
James Ildefonso led North Pocono with 12 points .
North Pocono ( 9-13 , 4-9 ) — J. Ildefonso 5 1-2 12 , R. VanBrunt 4 0-0 10 , A. Kosiba 3 1-2 9 , R. Deom 3 2-4 8 , M. Kowalski 1 0-0 2 , A. Ciaglia 0 0-0 0 , K. Betti 0 0-0 0 , C. McLafferty 0 0-0 0 , G. Woloszyn 0 0-0 0 , N. Mokay 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 16 4-8 41 .
Delaware Valley ( 13-9 , 9-4 ) — S. Acoveno 7 1-2 15 , Z. Klapak 4 0-0 10 , Tr . Smith 3 1-1 7 , D. Kelly 1 4-6 6 , B. Gearhart 1 2-2 5 , Ty . Smith 1 2-2 4 , H. Keys 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 17 10-13 47 .
North Pocono 8 13 10 10 — 41
Delaware Valley 6 8 14 19 — 47
3-point goals : A. Kosiba ( NP ) 2 , R. VanBrunt ( NP ) 2 , J. Ildefonso ( NP ) , Z. Klapak ( DV ) 2 , B. Gearhart ( DV ) . JV : Delaware Valley , 48-27 ( DV : Shafer 15 ; NP : Kosiba 17 ) .
Western Wayne 38
Wallenpaupack 37
At Wallenpaupack , Zachary Rovinsky scored 13 points and Dahlton Frisbie had 12 to lead Western Wayne .
Mitch Guerrieri scored 12 points for Wallenpaupack .
Western Wayne ( 7-15 , 2-11 ) — Z. Rovinsky 4 4-5 13 , D. Frisbie 3 6-11 12 , S. Walck 2 3-4 7 , K. Sauter 1 1-3 3 , L. Pike 1 0-0 2 , R. Carey 0 1-2 1 , D. Boots 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 11 15-25 38 .
Wallenpaupack ( 7-15 , 2-11 ) — M. Guerrieri 3 3-4 12 , K. Pillar 4 0-0 9 , C. Fenstermacher 2 1-2 7 , A . Pillar 2 0-0 6 , E. Rosenthal 1 0-2 3 , I. Santiago 0 0-0 0 , C. Brindle 0 0-0 0 , A. Husson 0 0-0 0 , N. Steffen 0 0-0 0 , A. Winkler 0 0-0 0 , M. Quigley 0 0-0 0 , M. Peet 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 12 4-8 37 .
Western Wayne 10 7 9 12 — 38
Wallenpaupack 6 5 16 10 — 37
3-point goals : A. Rovinsky ( WW ) , M. Guerrieri ( WAL ) 3 , C. Fenstermacher ( WAL ) 2 , A . Pillar ( WAL ) 2 , K. Pillar ( WAL ) , E. Rosenthal ( WAL ) . JV : Wallenpaupack , 30-22 ( WAL : A . Pillar , Santiago , 9 ; WW : Scott 8 ) .
Susquehanna 56
Mountain View 55
At Mountain View , Susquehanna shot 9 of 11 from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter to earn a Division IV win .
Garret Grausgruber scored 18 points for the Sabers and Tyler Williams had 15 .
Matt Lavin hit four 3-pointers and scored 27 points for Mountain View .
Susquehanna ( 7-14 , 3-2 ) — G. Grausgruber 7 0-0 18 , T. Williams 5 4-4 15 , M. Deakin 2 7-9 11 , A. Rockwell 1 0-0 3 , E. Lee 1 1-2 3 , C. Stone 1 0-0 2 , A. McHugh 1 0-0 2 , B. Baldwin 1 0-2 2 , E. Hall 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 19 12-17 56 .
Mountain View ( 9-12 , 4-1 ) — M. Lavin 10 3-3 27 , K. Streich 4 0-0 9 , M. Schermerhorn 1 3-5 6 , A. Showalter 0 6-10 6 , T. Wakalowski 1 0-0 3 , J. Johnson 0 2-2 2 , Z. Feduchak 1 0-2 2 . Totals : 17 14-22 55 .
Susquehanna 11 13 11 21 — 56
Mountain View 16 20 1 18 — 55
3-point goals : G. Grausgruber ( SUS ) 4 , A. Rockwell ( SUS ) , T. Williams ( SUS ) , M. Lavin ( MV ) 4 , T. Wakalowski ( MV ) , K. Streich ( MV ) , M. Schermerhorn ( MV ) . JV : Mountain View , 36-27 ( MV : Brozonis 13 ; SUS : Tomczyk 10 ) .
Elk Lake 54 , Forest City 51
At Elk Lake , Ben Woolcock scored 26 points to lead the Warriors to a Division IV win .
Kobe Jayne added eight points for Elk Lake .
Jared Paulin and Kolby Rotella each scored 14 points for Forest City .
Forest City ( 3-18 , 0-5 ) — J. Paulin 6 2-2 14 , K. Rotella 6 2-3 14 , D. Knehr-Cook 1 5-6 7 , Je . Non 3 0-0 7 , K. Shema 2 0-0 6 , M. Giles 1 1-3 3 , T. Clift 0 0-0 0 , J. Lipko 0 0-0 0 , J. Smith 0 0-0 0 , Jo . Non 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 19 10-14 51 .
Elk Lake ( 9-11 , 2-3 ) — B. Woolcock 7 10-15 26 , K. Jayne 4 0-0 8 , Z. Groover 3 1-2 7 , R. Reyan 2 0-2 5 , N. Preston 1 1-2 4 , E. DeBonis 1 0-0 2 , G. Bunnell 1 0-0 2 , A. Hewitt 0 0-0 0 , K. Valvano 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 19 12-21 54 .
Forest City 10 14 11 16 — 51
Elk Lake 19 10 15 10 — 54
3-point goals : K. Shema ( FC ) 2 , Je . Non ( FC ) , B. Woolcock ( EL ) 2 , R. Reyan ( EL ) , N. Preston ( EL ) . JV : Forest City , 58-33 ( FC : Keller 15 ; EL : Hunsinger 12 ) .
Montrose 70 , Lackawanna Trail 45
At Montrose , Liam McGranaghan scored 16 points to lead the Meteors .
Brennan Gilhool added 12 points for the winners .
Travis Ankoff had 17 points for Lackawanna Trail .
Lackawanna Trail ( 5-16 , 1-4 ) — T. Ankoff 8 1-2 17 , S. Jones 3 3-4 9 , J. Sanders 2 0-0 4 , J. Maier 2 0-0 4 , R. Traver 0 3-4 3 , Z. Stec 1 0-0 3 , G. Holmes 1 0-0 2 , Z . Cost 1 0-0 2 , A. Berrios 0 1-2 1 , T. Cole 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 18 8-12 45 .
Montrose ( 11-10 , 3-3 ) — L. McGranaghan 6 0-0 16 , B. Gilhool 5 2-4 12 , D. Nash 4 1-2 9 , J. Peck 3 0-0 8 , B. Buck 3 1-2 7 , E. Snyder 2 0-0 6 , A. Rapisardi 2 2-3 6 , H. Mullins 3 0-0 6 , J. Gallagher 0 0-0 0 , G. Stack 0 0-0 0 , T. Rebello 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 28 6-11 70 .
Lackawanna Trail 13 15 7 10 — 45
Montrose 24 12 17 17 — 70
3-point goals : Z. Stec ( LT ) , L. McGranaghan ( MON ) 4 , J. Peck ( MON ) 2 , E. Snyder ( MON ) 2 . JV : Montrose , 46-44 , OT .
Scranton Prep 73 , Honesdale 51
At Honesdale , Paddy Casey scored 17 points to lead No . 1 Scranton Prep in a Division I-II crossover .
Logan Bailey had 15 points and Nick Dende scored 14 for the Cavaliers , who won their 25th straight game in the Lackawanna League .
Anthony DeGori scored 18 points for Honesdale and Joey Scarfalloto had 14 .
Scranton Prep ( 19-3 , 13-0 ) — P. Casey 4 8-10 17 , L. Bailey 5 5-10 15 , N. Dende 5 0-0 14 , B. Para 6 0-0 12 , W. Simons 3 0-0 7 , J . Brown 2 0-0 5 , A . D'Elia 1 1-2 3 , G. Schermerhorn 0 0-0 0 , M. Rotell 0 0-0 0 , G. Bormes 0 0-2 0 , S. Bednarz 0 0-0 0 , M. Greco 0 0-0 0 , B. Boland 0 0-0 0 , N. Genco 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 26 14-24 73 .
Honesdale ( 10-12 , 5-8 ) — A. DeGori 5 7-8 18 , J. Scarfalloto 7 0-0 14 , G. Barnes 4 0-0 8 , J. Rickard 3 1-2 7 , M. Ambrose 2 0-0 4 , W. Howell 0 0-0 0 , J. McGinnis 0 0-0 0 , K. Burke 0 0-0 0 , J. LoBasso 0 0-0 0 , T. Box 0 0-0 0 , G. Birmelin 0 0-0 0 , C. Rickard 0 0-0 0 , N. Pender 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 21 8-10 51 .
Scranton Prep 23 20 19 11 — 73
Honesdale 14 13 16 8 — 51
3-point goals : N. Dende ( SP ) 4 , P. Casey ( SP ) , W. Simons ( SP ) , J . Brown ( SP ) , A. DeGori ( HON ) . JV : Scranton Prep , 51-32 ( SP : Rotell 11 ; HON : Box 10 ) .
Holy Cross 59 , Blue Ridge 30
At Holy Cross , Matt Nelson scored 11 points to lead the fifth-ranked Crusaders to a Division III-IV crossover win .
Tom Montefour and Kieran Burrier each had 10 points for Holy Cross .
Jeff Morris and Dom Rogers both scored six points for No . 9 Blue Ridge .
Blue Ridge ( 15-5 ) — J. Morris 3 0-0 6 , D. Rogers 2 0-0 6 , I. Townend 2 0-0 5 , S. Cosmello 1 1-2 4 , J . Mills 2 0-0 4 , M. Arzola 1 0-0 3 , K. Donovan 1 0-0 2 , M. Allen 0 0-0 0 , N. Folk 0 0-0 0 , T. Cheeseboro 0 0-0 0 , C. Randall 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 12 1-2 30 .
Holy Cross ( 13-8 ) — M. Nelson 5 0-0 11 , T. Montefour 4 2-2 10 , K. Burrier 5 0-0 10 , T. Mozeleski 3 0-0 8 , M. Phillips 2 2-4 6 , P. Galvin 2 1-1 6 , C. Callejas 2 0-0 5 , D. Tokash 1 0-0 2 , C. Schuster 0 1-2 1 , L. O'Connor 0 0-0 0 , J. DeGrazia 0 0-0 0 , J. Wiercinski 0 0-0 0 , A. Fletcher 0 0-0 0 , A. Calciano 0 0-0 0 , N. Ferraro 0 0-0 0 , B. Willsch 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 24 6-9 59 .
Blue Ridge 4 5 9 12 — 30
Holy Cross 27 21 8 3 — 59
3-point goals : D. Rogers ( BR ) 2 , M. Arzola ( BR ) , S. Cosmello ( BR ) , I. Townend ( BR ) , T. Mozeleski ( HC ) 2 , P. Galvin ( HC ) , M. Nelson ( HC ) , C. Callejas ( HC ) . JV : No game .
Kawhi Leonard flies to the basket and rises up to throw down a massive one-handed dunk over Marc Gasol . ( 0:20 )
Kawhi Leonard has had a lot of big games for the San Antonio Spurs , but this was among the best of the best . He 's basically been unstoppable in this series .
Leonard finished Game 2 with a playoff career-high 37 points and 11 rebounds , the first Spurs player to have at least 35 points and 10 rebounds in a playoff game since Tim Duncan against the Suns in 2008 . He 's the first Spurs player to start a postseason with consecutive 30-point games since Terry Cummings in 1992 .
Who on the Grizzlies can stop Leonard ? Four Grizzlies have guarded them on at least five of their plays this series – Vince Carter , James Ennis , Marc Gasol and Wayne Selden . Leonard is a combined 17-of-19 against them , with 21 of their 28 free throw attempts coming from against that quartet .
ESPN Stats & Information
ESPN Stats & Information
Leonard went 19-of-19 from the free throw line in Game 2 , the first player with that many makes and no misses since Dirk Nowitzki 's 24-of-24 game in 2011 . Leonard is 28-of-28 from the line for the series .
Leonard is 10-of-10 on mid-range shots this series . He 's also 9-of-13 in the paint , so combined he 's 19-of-23 on 2-point shots against the Grizzlies ( 1-of-5 from 3-point ) .
If you add in their free throws , Leonard has made 47-of-51 of their shots ( field goals and free throws ) from inside the arc this series .
NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) — After a third straight losing season , New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton limited discussion about their future to the offseason work they expect to begin this week with their current team .
Payton did n't outright deny they might wind up coaching elsewhere . They did not say they had no interest in coaching another team . But they did assert that some recent published reports about them contained factual errors . They emphasized that the reason they often allow speculation to fester is because they do not want to dignify with responses those reports they view as incorrect and based on unaccountable , unnamed sources .
“ We 're not going to address rumors , ” Payton said on an end-of-season conference call with media on Monday , a day after a season-ending 38-32 loss at Atlanta . “ If we answered those every time , it would be silly . ”
Payton took issue in particular with reports that they met with general manager Mickey Loomis after Sunday 's season finale to discuss the coach 's future with the club , calling it “ completely false . ”
Advertisement
“ If I 'm going to answer questions to a report like that that 's inaccurate , then we only just feed or turn the rumor mill — so I wo n't , ” Payton said . “ And that 's just the way it is . ”
Payton did wind up acknowledging that they met with Loomis , but stressed that the pair have met after every game he 's coached since their hiring in 2006 — but mainly to discuss the game that was just played .
“ We come in . We have a Gatorade . We talk , ” Payton said . “ Then we get a cheeseburger and we get on the plane . ”
The Saints , who won their only Super Bowl and have qualified for five postseasons with Payton as coach , have gone 7-9 in three straight years since their last playoff season in 2013 . At the same time , the offense Payton designed around quarterback Drew Brees has remained among the NFL 's elite ; New Orleans finished this season ranked first in total net yards .
Days after the 2015 season ended , Payton said they do n't envision themselves “ ever coaching for any other clubs . ”
“ I plan on finishing my career here , ” Payton said last Jan. 6 . “ I 'll be here as long as they 'll have me . ”
Within a couple months of those comments , Payton had a contract extension through 2020 paying about $ 9 million per year , more than any other NFL coach .
Firing Payton now could cost in excess of $ 30 million in the absence of a buyout agreement , but coaches also can be traded and sometimes are , particularly if they 've told management they would like to leave . And there are coaching vacancies this offseason , including with the Los Angeles Rams .
Veteran Saints players have expressed confidence that Payton will return to New Orleans , saying they 've seen no indication they want out or that the club wants to rid of him .
“ All this is very speculative , ” Brees said . “ I just do n't expect that to happen . ”
Veteran safety Roman Harper , who was part of Payton 's first draft class in New Orleans , added , “ I expect them to be here and to continue to lead this organization in the right direction like he 's done the previous 11 years . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
You 've probably practised reverie sometime in your life , but never taken it to the extreme of the new NBC summer series aptly called Reverie , starring Sarah Shahi . For most , reverie is the simple act of daydreaming , getting lost in your thoughts . The series notches that up by allowing individuals to enter an advanced immersive virtual-reality program in which they can live out their wildest dreams or fondest memory .
Sarah Sashi , star of Reverie , knew from the age of 6 , watching TV programs with their mom at a shelter , that they would one day be an actor . ( Abaca Press / Tribune News Service )
When those dreams become so addictive the subject refuses to leave the dream state , it is up to Mara Kint ( Shahi ) , a former hostage negotiator and expert on human behaviour , to join the dream state in an attempt to coax the person back to reality before the results are disastrous . Read more : Salem : Sarah Shahi 's new series is the real deal
Article Continued Below
NBC comes to the rescue of cancelled ‘ Brooklyn Nine-Nine ' Shahi knows exactly what memory they would live if Reverie were real . The series came to them a few months after their father had died . Shahi did n't have much of a relationship with them when they were younger , as they were a drug addict and abusive . They and their mother were in and out of women 's shelters while they were growing up . “ When they died , it really threw me back , ” Shahi says . “ It took me by surprise at the amount of grief I felt . Then I started talking to him , seeing them and feeling them around me . I became convinced that there was so much more to this world than our eyes can see . “ If there was a moment I could pick . I have a very vivid memory of being 2 or 3 years old and being at the lake with my mom and dad . I was in between their legs like a cat . I remember the song that was on , the way the wind was blowing through my hair . I remember the smell in the air . I remember feeling so secure and there was nothing better to me . If I could go back and revisit that time for a moment , I would. ” Sashi knew from the age of 6 , watching TV programs with their mom at a shelter , that they would one day be an actor . The escape they would get through the TV shows was something they wanted to give others when they got older . The moment Shahi got the script for Reverie , they knew this was a big way for them to accomplish the task they set for themselves all those years ago .
Even working on Reverie has created a special memory for Shahi . They recall visiting Universal Studios Hollywood when they were a child and thinking that one day they needed to work on a series or film at the studio . But they never had a chance to work on any productions there until Reverie came along . “ I had this moment where my eyes welled up with tears and my heart exploded because working on the show was everything I had ever wanted , ” Shahi says . “ It was my dream come true . ”
Article Continued Below
Since making the leap into acting at the urging of Robert Altman , when the director was filming in Texas while they were attending Southern Methodist University and was a member of the NFL 's Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders , Shahi has worked in a variety of different roles . The Texas native recently was a series regular on Person of Interest , plus she 's appeared in TV series such as The L Word , Chicago Fire , The Sopranos , Ray Donovan and Alias . Them feature film roles include Bullet to the Head , I Do n't Know How They Do It , Old School and Hangman . None of those parts pushed their imagination to the extremes of working on Reverie . Each week , their character enters a new world that can be stunningly beautiful or painfully frightening . “ I have been describing this show as Alice in Wonderland meets Deception . A lot of the show feels like Alice falling down the rabbit hole because they never knows where she 's going to end up , ” Shahi says . “ Every episode of this show is its own ride . “ You just never know where it is going to take you. ” In the series opener , Kint joins the dream of a man who keeps reliving a moment associated with their marriage proposal . What appears to be a very sweet and special memory is hiding a darker element Kint uncovers . The story is the first of 10 episodes in the summer series , which also airs on Global . Shahi is happy Reverie is starting now rather than in the fall because it will have a better chance at snagging an audience when there is less competition . The cast of Reverie also includes Dennis Haysbert , Sendhil Ramamurthy , Kathryn Morris and Jessica Lu .
The second year of the Twenty20 tournament is currently being held in the United Arab Emirates out of security fears , but after a military crackdown on extremism officials were confident enough to plan for the final to take place in the cricket-mad city .
The Village of Ripley will implement a new speed enforcement program throughout the Village similar to the programs implemented in a number of nearby villages .
Per the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , 918 people were killed in Ohio in vehicle crashes in 2014 , over double the number of murders that occurred during the same time period , according to the Ohio Office of Criminal Justice Services .
The Ripley Police Department will begin using new LIDAR technology that includes a camera mounted to the handheld LIDAR device utilized by a police officer . Pursuant to the Ohio Revised Code ( ORC ) 4511.093 ( B ) , ( 1 ) & ( 2 ) , a local authority has the ability to use traffic law photo monitoring if an officer is present and personally witnesses the violation .
Since a full-time police officer will witness , capture , review , and issue the citations , the LIDAR program meets these requirements , as well as all other statutes of the Ohio Revised Code .
The Ripley Police will focus on speeding throughout the village . The village council voted to approve the program on Feb. 14 , 2017 , which will allow the police department to utilize the technology . The unit allows an officer to capture a photo of the violation , and after later approval by a supervisor , issue the violation by mail .
The officer still has the authority to conduct a traffic stop and issue a uniform citation , however if the camera captures the violation , the citation will be mailed to the registered owner of the vehicle , with fines to start at $ 125.00 .
A major advantage to the civil violation is that points will not be accessed to the driver , nor will it be reported to the driver 's insurance as with a uniform traffic citation .
The Village will begin the program on February 27 with a 30-day warning period . Citations issued during this period will not include a fine , but rather serve as notice that the program is underway . After the warning period , violators will have 30 days to pay the fine by mail , internet or by phone . Failure to pay the violation will result in the citations to be sent to collections .
Registered owners of the violating vehicles may attend an administrative hearing as authorized ORC 4511.099 to contest the charge . The law states that a person who is issued the ticket may contest the ticket by filing a written request for an administrative hearing to review the citation . Citations may be contested through due process as approved by the Ohio Supreme Court earlier last year .
Programs of this kind are being implemented in multiple cities throughout the nation . Studies from the National Highway Safety Administration and the Governor 's Highway Safety Association consistently show that programs of this nature reduce the number of crashes , injuries , fatalities , and crime .
It is the goal of the Village of Ripley to maintain a safe community both for its citizens and motorists .
Theresa May looks to have postponed a Commons showdown with rebellious backbenchers after agreeing a major concession on their flagship Brexit Bill .
Downing Street yesterday confirmed that the Government has accepted an amendment to the legislation that will effectively curb ministers ' powers to sign changes into law without Parliamentary approval .
The move , announced ahead of a sixth day of debate this afternoon , aims to appease a handful of pro-Remain Tory MPs who have expressed opposition to the use of so-called Henry VIII clauses . It appears to have paid off after MPs from across the party lined up to praise the Prime Minister 's breakthrough in negotiations .
The concession comes amid fresh uncertainty over the future of the Irish border deal after the Brexit Secretary David Davis was forced to row back on claims that the offer agreed between the EU and UK last week was “ not legally enforceable ” . Following a backlash from Dublin , Mr Davis took to the airwaves to reaffirm the Government 's commitment to securing a “ frictionless invisible border with Ireland ” .
It also comes as Labour signals growing support for a “ soft ” exit from the EU , with Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell stating that the party would try to stay in a “ reformed single market ” . At an event in London , Mr McDonnell said a future Labour government would seek a new relationship with the EU that guaranteed tariff-free access to “ a single market ” and “ a customs union ” .
The purpose of the EU Withdrawal Bill is to transfer the bulk of EU laws into UK legislation in a bid to avoid a regulatory “ cliff-edge ” after Brexit .
However , it has faced criticism from opposition parties and some Tory MPs over its use of archaic “ Henry VIII ” clauses that grant ministers the power to alter some laws without Parliamentary scrutiny .
The Conservative MP and former Attorney General Dominic Grieve has tabled a series of amendments designed to limit these powers , which have gained widespread support .
But in an effort to avoid a defeat , the Government has now accepted a separate amendment – tabled by the chair of the Parliament 's Procedure Committee – which would establish a new panel of MPs to determine which changes should be put to a vote .
Tory backbenchers responded by putting on a united front as the Prime Minister appeared at the Despatch Box to update the Commons on progress in Brexit talks .
Speakers included the prominent Remain supporter Anna Soubry who claimed the party was in “ complete unanimity ” over the deal reached in Brussels last week , while Brexiteer Iain Duncan Smith joined Ken Clarke in congratulating Mrs May on “ driving through an improved agreement ” .
However , MPs could still mount a challenge over efforts to enshrine the date of Brexit in law .
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
The third member in Volkswagen 's series of I.D . concepts has been revealed .
The concept is the I.D . Crozz , and it makes its world debut on Wednesday at the 2017 Shanghai auto show .
It follows on from the I.D . Buzz minivan unveiled at the 2017 Detroit auto show and I.D . hatchback unveiled at the 2016 Paris auto show . The concepts preview VW 's upcoming family of electric cars and are based on the Volkswagen Group 's MEB platform for compact electric cars .
In the I.D . Crozz , an electric motor delivering 101 horsepower and 103 pound-feet of torque powers the front axle and another motor delivering 201 hp and 229 lb-ft powers the rear axle , thus creating an all-wheel-drive system . Drive is normally to the rear wheels only , with the front motor only kicking in when sensors detect a loss of traction or if the driver selects AWD mode . The top speed is 112 mph .
Sitting in the vehicle floor is an 83-kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery that VW says delivers a range of 311 miles on the European cycle . This should equate to a figure of between 250 and 300 miles for the less lenient EPA cycle . A high-speed charger enables 150-kilowatt charging capacity which enables the battery to be charged to 80 percent capacity in around 30 minutes .
Volkswagen ID Crozz concept , 2017 Shanghai auto show Enlarge Photo
Thanks to clever packaging , the concept offers similar interior space to the stretched Tiguan SUV while being 3.0 inches shorter and 1.9 inches wider . The concept is , however , 2.2 inches wider .
Beyond the electric drive system , VW 's I.D . concepts also preview new interface and self-driving technologies . Operating the I.D . Crozz 's functions are done via explanatory touch displays , capacitive keypads , and voice and gesture control . These include the electrically adjustable and retractable multifunction steering wheel , a digital instrument cluster , a camera-based electronic rearview mirror , an augmented reality head-up display , and a large tablet .
Should the driver tire of doing the actual driving , they or they can switch to a full self-driving mode ( I.D . Pilot mode ) by simply touching the “ VW ” logo on the steering wheel for 3.0 seconds . The wheel then retracts into a flush position within the dash and ambient lighting changes to a relaxing violet hue . VW 's self-driving system is able to detect other road users not only by means of its laser sensors , but also with the help of ultrasonic and radar sensors , side area view cameras and a front camera . It also relies on highly-detailed 3D maps to navigate its way around town . The self-driving mode is deactivated by touching the steering wheel logo or by pressing the accelerator or brake pedals .
The first member of VW 's new electric car family will be a Golf-sized hatch arriving in 2020 and previewed by the first I.D . concept . Four additional models are thought to be in the works . In addition to the minivan and SUV already previewed by the respective I.D . Buzz and I.D Crozz concepts , VW is thought to be planning a sedan and sporty coupe .
For more Shanghai auto show coverage , head to our dedicated hub .
Iowa junior safety Brandon Snyder is facing a drunken driving charge after their arrest early Sunday in Iowa City .
Snyder was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated after being stopped at 3:04 a.m. CT near Kinnick Stadium . They told police they had been drinking and failed a breathalyzer test . Snyder was released from the Johnson County Jail at 9:30 a.m. Sunday .
A starter at free safety for every game during the 2016 season , Snyder tore their ACL in their left knee during spring practice in April but returned to the field in October . They had an interception return for a touchdown in Iowa 's victory over Illinois but re-tore the ACL and was shut down for the season . Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz defended the decision for Snyder to return to the field just six months after their initial injury .
Following Snyder 's arrest Sunday , Ferentz released a statement saying he 's aware of the incident .
`` While we are currently gathering additional facts , we are very disappointed to learn of Brandon 's involvement , '' Ferentz said in the statement . `` Brandon is subject to the rules and regulations of the UI Student-Athlete Code of Conduct , and the rules and regulations of our football program . ''
Snyder is scheduled to return to the field in June .
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Secretary General ( SG ) of the Kashmir Peace Institute ( KPI ) Syed Hameed Shaheen Alvi has said that peace in Kashmir is the primary call of history despite Indian arrogance towards an ultimate solution to the dispute over Jammu and Kashmir . In statement here Wednesday SG of KPI said that the first roll call for peace must come from the societal ranks ; on the coming Eid Al Fitr non-Muslims should greet Muslims on their religious festival , visit Muslims homes and festival parks without harbouring any social discrimination .
They observed that the unsettled of Kashmir issue is affecting the lives of all categories of Kashmiri population – Muslims and non-Muslims . By Kashmiri we mean all the people living permanently in Jammu and Kashmir irrespective of their political or religious or social affiliations .
They said that economic fate of Kashmir is bound with Kashmir solution ; if Kashmir dispute is resolved , Kashmiris shall prosper .
They suggested that from Islamabad in Pakistan to Srinagar the highway must be declared as Dilomatic Tourism Route for all seasons . This will help earn resources for the development of Kashmiri people ; the whole highway would be dotted with highrise buildings , plazas and kiosks at roadsides . Seasonally it is no less than Switzerland in beauty and environment , they explained .
London-based Tail is a new fintech startup that offers a glimpse into the promise of Open Banking . This is seeing upcoming legislation in the EU and U.K. force banks to offer third-party developer access to your bank account data — with your permission , of course .
The app , initially available for iOS and serving London only , offers heavy discounts at local places to eat and drink , all linked to the card you pay with and delivered each week in the form of cashback . However , the draw is how seamlessly it all takes place , by being built on top of digital-only challenger bank Starling ‘ s API , with Monzo integration also in the works .
This means that it is as simple as granting the Tail app access to your Starling bank account , a one tap process akin to Facebook or Twitter log-in , presuming that you are already a customer of Starling . Once you 've agreed to a set of permissions — which can be a little daunting the first time , even though they can be easily revoked within the Starling app at any time — any offers that pop up in the Tail app can be redeemed simply by using your Starling Mastercard at the corresponding merchant .
No coupons or receipt scanning or even having to explicitly tell Tail the bank account or card number you want your cashback deposited . And , presumably , once your Starling card has expired ( or is lost or stolen ) , you wo n't have to manually link your new card to Tail as it will simply pull the new card info via the challenger bank 's API .
My takeaway : Open Banking is going to be nothing if not convenient , depending on how comfortable you are with granting third-party apps access to your banking data .
“ Tail is turning open banking APIs into an offer platform , thereby eliminating all friction points for retailers and consumers which are still inherent in today 's solutions , ” Tail founder and CEO Philipp Keller , who was previously at Morgan Stanley , tells me .
“ Using Tail , consumers can browse through a selection of curated offers , which are pre-linked to their bank card , eliminating the need for physical vouchers or coupon codes . The offer feed is updated in real-time and location specific . Redemption happens in-app , allowing for a more discreet way of redeeming offers , and accumulated savings are distributed back to the user in the form of cash back paid out in regular intervals ” .
Meanwhile , along with making it super convenient for customers to discover and redeem offers , the Tail CEO reckons it is addressing a number of merchant pain points too , and thus opening up this kind of offers platform to smaller independents right down to the Long Tail .
“ There 's no EPOS integration or codes required , no staff involvement whatsoever , they do n't have to download an app and we track the redemption stats for them , ” they say . “ The retailer provides card details and tells us what type of campaign they want to run , the discount and the applicable times ” .
In addition , new tools , such as real-time flash campaigns or “ sequenced offers , ” help to address specific issues such as spare capacity utilisation and new customer acquisition more effectively .
Flash campaigns that are simple to run via Tail could include a merchant offering 50 per cent off on a rainy day , or putting up an offer for the next 30 minutes during an unexpected lull in footfall . And by “ sequenced offers , ” Keller is referring to ways of enticing first time customers to become repeat customers , such as different discounts depending on if it is a first , second or third visit to a particular restaurant .
“ We 're looking to turn this into a self-serve platform at some point . At that point it will be even easier ; just insert campaign type ( first-time customers , off-peak hours , etc ) and enter card details , ” they add .
( Adds details , background , byline )
By Aaron Ross
DAKAR , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - The Congolese lower house of parliament has adopted a new mining code that will increase taxes and royalties , two members of parliament and an aide to the speaker said .
The code had originally been proposed in 2015 , but was shelved because of fierce objections from mining companies , which complained that it would put off investment . It now goes to the Senate for another vote .
Two lawmakers , Alain Lubamba and Juvenal Munubo , and Adam Chalwe , an aide to parliament speaker Aubin Minakund , confirmed the bill 's passage late on Friday , saying only relatively minor changes had been made .
Congo is Africa 's largest copper producer , a significant gold miner and one of the world 's leading sources of cobalt , increasingly sought after for use in electric car batteries .
The government suspended consideration of the revised code in March 2016 because companies had objected that its increased royalties and would make their projects unprofitable at current low commodity prices .
In the earlier version of the bill , Copper royalties increase to 3.5 percent from 2 percent . Gold royalties go up to 3.5 percent from 2.5 percent . It was not clear whether or not these had changed .
Major investors in Congo 's mining sector include Glencore , Randgold Resources and China Molybdenum .
Low commodity prices since 2015 have left the government desperately short of cash and caused the franc currency to collapse . Mining and oil accounts for about 95 percent of export revenues .
Lubamba said changes to the bill included an increase of the state 's minimum unpaid share of new mining projects from 5 percent to 10 percent and an amendment that , for large-scale mines , a Congolese investor must also hold at least 10 percent of shares . ( Writing by Tim Cocks ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
Tom Brady tosses three touchdowns in the Patriots ' 35-14 win over the Dolphins to lock up the No . 1 seed in the AFC . ( 1:17 )
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . -- The New England Patriots shattered the NFL record for fewest interceptions in a season with two , which is one of the few statistics outside of wins that is important to quarterback Tom Brady .
`` I love throwing [ just ] two picks . That 's the highlight of what my season has been for me , '' Brady said Monday morning in their weekly interview on sports radio WEEI . `` The one thing for a quarterback that means the most to me is that I never want to be a reason why we lose a game . ''
The prior record was five interceptions , which was accomplished by six teams , including the 2010 Brady-led Patriots .
Brady noted how the record is reflective of the work of the entire `` quarterback group , '' as backups Jimmy Garoppolo and Jacoby Brissett did n't throw an interception in the first four weeks of the season while Brady was serving a suspension as part of the NFL 's Deflategate penalties .
Furthermore , they said `` it 's not just the quarterback , '' as the low interception total comes down `` to receivers catching the ball , being in the right place , and great protection up front , which we 've had . ''
A little luck on tipped passes helps too .
As for their two interceptions -- which came on an underthrown deep pass Nov. 13 against Seattle and an end zone delivery they were trying to throw away but did n't get enough on on Dec. 12 vs. Baltimore -- Brady still laments them .
`` Those two piss me off still , '' they said on WEEI , `` but it is what it is . I 'm glad to not turn the ball over [ otherwise ] . That 's my No . 1 goal every week . ''
Tom Brady , Jimmy Garoppolo and Jacoby Brissett combined to set an NFL record for fewest interceptions in a season . Jeremy Brevard/USA TODAY Sports
Entering Sunday 's game at Miami , Brady said they were aware that the team record for fewest interceptions was five .
`` Going into the game , I did n't want to throw three , '' they said , laughing . `` It 's a good stat because it correlates to team success , and that 's what it 's all about for me . ''
Brady 's strong 2016 season has them in the mix for MVP honors , as they finished 291-of-432 for 3,554 yards with 28 touchdowns and the two interceptions . Their 28-to-2 touchdown to interception ratio also is an NFL record .
Asked on WEEI if they feel they are the MVP , Brady said , `` I 'm not one for those [ awards ] . I really do n't think about it . Football is a team sport , and the reality of it is that MVP is usually a quarterback on a good team . It narrows down every defensive player , every running back , every receiver that are all the greatest athletes in the world . It 's really a quarterback award , and there are a lot of great quarterbacks . It 's impossible to choose someone who is most valuable to a team . There are a lot of great players in the NFL . It 's very flattering to be mentioned as one of those players , but I 've always been about winning and our team winning , and that 's what 's always been most important to me . ''
Meanwhile , Brady has prepared themselves for the possibility of offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels landing a head-coaching job next season .
The Jacksonville Jaguars have requested permission to speak with McDaniels , according to ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter , while the San Francisco 49ers have also requested permission to speak with McDaniels and director of player personnel Nick Caserio .
Brady has worked with McDaniels in two different stints , first from 2001 to 2008 and more recently from 2012 to 2016 .
`` I see why there 's a lot of interest , and there should be . I think he 's the best in the NFL , '' Brady said on WEEI . `` Great coaches get opportunities , and he 's fortunate to be in a position where they should get it , because he 's earned it . I would hate to lose him . He 's been spectacular in every way . For me , I could never be the player that I am without them and the way they challenge me every week . ''
After Bryan Colangelo left the Toronto Raptors five years ago , they vanished . Not from life — they still lived in Yorkdale , still watched their son play high school basketball , was occasionally glimpsed having a drink with someone from the basketball world . But in terms of public events , in places NBA people were seen , they are n't there . When they appeared at an MLSE party at all-star weekend in 2016 , their reappearance was noted . They had , after all , experienced a near-death career exile . They looked good . People were looking at Colangelo differently Wednesday , after a story by Ben Detrick on the website The Ringer that , if you are one of the lucky folks who do not live online , requires some explanation . Essentially , five anonymous , so-called burner accounts on Twitter seem linked to Colangelo , the Philadelphia 76ers president of basketball operations . Burner accounts are just ways to lurk , to listen in or shout , or to sway a Presidential election to destroy the global order if everything goes well .
Sixers executive Bryan Colangelo is denying a report connecting them to Twitter accounts that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz , among other NBA figures . ( Matt Rourke / The Associated Press )
These burner accounts appear to fit a pattern . Obsessed with the Sixers , and to a lesser extent , the Raptors . They follow people connected to Colangelo 's life . They criticized Raptors president Masai Ujiri , and Colangelo 's 76ers predecessor , Sam Hinkie . They slammed Sixers players , from superstar Joel Embiid to No . 1 pick Markelle Fultz . And they disclosed potentially sensitive medical information about then-Sixers like Jahlil Okafor . They defended Colangelo . They knew something . A lot , even . Colangelo admitted to operating only the most anodyne of the five accounts ; they have denied knowledge of the rest . Some of it is hard to explain away . When The Ringer asked the 76ers about two of the five accounts , and only two , the other three went private on the same day . Colangelo was also said to be obsessed with Ujiri , whom they hired as an assistant GM before Ujiri displaced them in 2013 . So Embiid , the first truly online sports superstar , spent Tuesday night roasting their boss on Twitter . The team has announced an internal investigation . As Embiid told ESPN 's Adrian Wojnarowski , “ I talked to them and they said that they did n't say that . They called me just to deny the story . Got ta believe them until proven otherwise . If true though , that would be really bad . ”
Article Continued Below
Friends and colleagues of Colangelo expressed disbelief that it could be him . They would not take risks like that ; they would not call Ujiri , whom they hired to work for the Raptors , a “ trust fund baby ” living off Colangelo 's decisions ; especially not when they were the son of one of the true titan executives and owners in the NBA , Jerry Colangelo . Defending their own famously high collars ? Occasionally mangled English ? As one source who knows Colangelo well said , “ It 's close to what they say , but they would n't say some of that stuff. ” Even in off-the-record , late-night conversations with friends during their exile , Colangelo never slammed Ujiri . The counterpoint was that in Toronto and Phoenix , Colangelo was both someone who evinced outward confidence and who held a deep insecurity . At summer league in Las Vegas , a media member once pointed out to Colangelo that they had a spot of mustard on a golf shirt ; Colangelo would half-jokingly bring it up for months . Some staffers said they had a Google alert set for their own name , so anything written would pop up in their inbox . They said Bryan did n't just read the coverage : they obsessed over the comments , too . The No . 1 rule of the internet , of course , is Do n't Read The Comments . But Colangelo 's security , according to people who know them well , stems back to their father . Jerry is said to have been unfailingly supportive and proud , but Bryan has tried to escape that shadow anyway . As a friend said , it 's Bryan “ feeling like he 's chasing a ghost they will never catch. ” So if Colangelo was going to do it , that was why . Because Toronto took off after they left , and the cult of Sam Hinkie still lingers in Philadelphia , and because the anonymity of Twitter would have given them the first chance in their life to talk back at critics , to let it all out . Executives in every sport privately trash players and coaches and rivals . Just not in public . Wednesday night , several Sixers fan accounts sleuthed something : the phone number associated with three of the accounts ended in 91 , and while that was n't Colangelo 's number , it appeared to match the phone number of their wife , Barbara Bottini , as evidenced from a memo from the time they were the head of the Parents ' Organization at Upper Canada College . One league source close to the situation had said they were 99.9 per cent sure it was n't him . Well .
They have always been a big part of their career , and they would have been there when they were sidelined , cast into limbo , afraid their career — their reason for being , in a lot of ways — was over . They would have known how much they needed to succeed , and needed to be seen to succeed . Roger Goodell 's wife secretly defended them on Twitter . Colangelo 's wife appears to have done the same . The fact that the accounts went dark — well , it seems like they must have known . So in a league where an MVP , Kevin Durant , used a burner account to defend himself , it 's a most NBA scandal , a most 2018 scandal , in a world where the Internet breaks more and more brains . It 's the strangest , funniest , craziest sports league in the world , where a scandal can be otherworldly , and so strangely , sadly human .
Read more about :
Police are advising drivers and pedestrians to slow down and take extra caution as Toronto braces for its first heavy snow fall on Monday night .
“ I 'm seeing seven separate collisions reported in various parts of the city in the past 20 minutes , ” Const . Allyson Douglas-Cook of Toronto police tweeted at around 5:30 p.m .
“ Fortunately there are no serious injuries at this point . Please slow down folks , drive with extra care , and get home safely to your families . ”
Toronto is still under a special weather statement from Environment Canada for widespread snowfall . The first flakes started to fall earlier Monday . The city is expected to receive 5 to 10 centimetres of snow in total by Tuesday morning , which is when the snowfall is expected to taper off .
A cold front moving across southern Ontario is the culprit , finally ushering the first signs of winter into the GTA . Environment Canada warns about poor visibility and driving conditions , and says to watch out for a few light flurries off Lake Ontario .
CHATHAM , Ont . — A truck driver has pleaded guilty to five charges arising from a fatal crash on Highway 401 last summer that claimed the lives of an Amherstburg , Ont. , mother and their son .
Fifty-two-year-old Manjit Parmar of Brampton , Ont. , pleaded guilty in a Chatham , Ont. , court Wednesday to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm .
Forty-two-year-old Lacie Brundritt and their son 14-year-old Kyle Brundritt , who were passengers in a pickup truck , died when a westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that were stopped on the highway due to another crash on July 30 , 2017 .
The 39-year-old male driver of the pickup truck was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a 12-year-old boy was sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
2:01 Winter weather forecast for North Texas Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
1:03 Oversized coats are winter 's ultimate wrap star
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
CD Set Offers A Long , Satisfying View Of The New York Philharmonic Orchestra
The New York Philharmonic celebrates its 175th birthday with a box set dating back to its very first recordings a century ago , featuring some of the greatest musicians of the 20th-century .
TERRY GROSS , HOST :
This is FRESH AIR . This season , the New York Philharmonic Orchestra is celebrating its 175th birthday with a 65-CD set , dating back to its very first recordings a century ago . Our classical music critic Lloyd Schwartz has been doing a lot of listening and has this review .
LLOYD SCHWARTZ , BYLINE : In January of 1917 , members of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra under conductor Josef Stransky went to the Columbia studio in New York 's Woolworth Building to make the orchestra 's very first recording . The Philharmonic had already been around for 75 years . And six years before this recording session , Stransky had succeeded the orchestra 's most celebrated music director , Gustav Mahler . That first recording was Ambroise Thomas ' charming `` Raymond '' Overture . Through the scratchy din of time , you can hear qualities we still associate with the New York Phil , a crisp brilliance of attack balancing an elegant , unschmaltzy lyricism .
( SOUNDBITE OF NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC ORCHESTRA PERFORMANCE OF AMBROISE THOMAS ' `` RAYMOND OVERTURE '' )
SCHWARTZ : Less than a week after that first recording , the orchestra was back in the studio recording a drastically abbreviated version of the famous Largo from Dvorak 's New World Symphony , maybe the most beloved work introduced by the Philharmonic , using a score annotated by Dvorak himself . The Philharmonic has many milestones . In 1846 , this fledgling orchestra gave the American premiere of Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony . 1926 marked the release of the very first silent feature film to coordinate music and other sound effects with the action - `` Don Juan '' starring John Barrymore . And the orchestra on the soundtrack was the New York Philharmonic . Besides Dvorak 's symphony , the Philharmonic 's notable commissions include George Gershwin 's `` An American In Paris , '' Stravinsky 's postwar Symphony In Three Movements , their first work to be composed in the United States , and John Adams ' 9/11 memorial `` On The Transmigration Of Souls . ''
The 65-CD set includes some of the greatest musicians of the 20th century , like the Dutch conductor Willem Mengelberg , who in 1928 made a landmark recording of Richard Strauss ' `` Ein Heldenleben , '' which Strauss dedicated to him . Mengelberg was succeeded by Arturo Toscanini , whose recordings with the New York Phil combined their customary exhilaration with more spacious timing than their better-known later recordings when they were well into their 70s and 80s . Released here for the first time from 1936 is a thrilling live Toscanini performance of the Beethoven Fifth Symphony .
( SOUNDBITE OF NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC ORCHESTRA PERFORMANCE OF BEETHOVEN 'S `` FIFTH SYMPHONY '' )
SCHWARTZ : Well-represented in this set are two of the most famous but radically contrasting New York Philharmonic conductors - the exuberantly irrepressible Leonard Bernstein and the precise , probing Pierre Boulez . Six of the 65 discs here are devoted to Boulez and 25 to Bernstein . It 's also good to be reminded of New York Philharmonic music directors who are n't so well-remembered . The Polish conductor Artur Rodzinski in the 1940s significantly raised the level of the playing but alienated the orchestra and the board with their autocratic ways . In the 1950s , the distinguished Greek conductor Dimitri Mitropoulos commissioned 50 world premieres . They were especially admired for leading the first complete recording of Alban Berg 's chilling opera `` Wozzeck '' and for their memorable recordings of Russian music .
( SOUNDBITE OF SONG )
SCHWARTZ : Opinions about a huge set like this are bound to vary . Some people have wished for more live broadcasts than commercial recordings , though the orchestra has now released nearly a hundred historic radio broadcasts for streaming . Could there have been more guest conductors instead of devoting more than a third of this entire collection exclusively to the much-recorded Bernstein ? Still , this set takes a satisfying long view of the great orchestra . Next season , the Dutch conductor Jaap van Zweden takes over as music director . I wonder how secure their place will be on whatever the orchestra chooses to release 25 years from now to celebrate its 200th anniversary .
GROSS : Lloyd Schwartz teaches in the MFA program at the University of Massachusetts Boston . Their latest book of poems is called `` Little Kisses . '' They reviewed the New York Philharmonic 's 175th anniversary box set .
( SOUNDBITE OF SONG )
GROSS : Tomorrow on FRESH AIR , my guest will be religion scholar and bestselling author Bart Ehrman . Their new book is about how early Christianity expanded from a small group of believers to the religion of the Roman Empire . We 'll also talk about Ehrman 's own doubts that led to their transition from being a born-again Christian to being a self-described Christian agnostic . I hope you 'll join us . FRESH AIR 'S executive producer is Danny Miller . Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham . Our associate producer for digital media is Molly Seavy-Nesper . Roberta Shorrock directs the show . I 'm Terry Gross .
( SOUNDBITE OF SONG )
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Chainsmokers has their album `` Memories ... Do Not Open '' landed at No . 1 on Billboard 200 chart . The duo 's LP racked up 221,000 equivalent album units , including 166,000 in traditional album sales in the week ending April 13 , AceShowbiz reports citing Nielsen Music . The album 's sales number for its opening week was greatly powered by the EDM duo 's concert ticket/album bundle sales for their tour which kicked off on April 13 in Miami .
`` Memories ... Do Not Open '' features Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping hits like `` Paris '' , `` Something Just Like This '' ft. Coldplay and `` The One '' . It is the first album which bows simultaneously atop Billboard 200 and Top Dance/Electronic Albums chart in more than three years . Prior to this , Lady GaGa 's `` ARTPOP '' led both charts in 2013 . In addition , The Chainsmokers ' two EPs entered Billboard 200 in 2016 , `` Collage '' ( No . 6 ) and `` Bouquet '' ( No . 31 ) .
The former No.1 , Drake 's `` More Life '' , falls one slot to No . 2 with 108,000 units after spending three consecutive weeks atop the chart . Following `` More Life '' , Ed Sheeran 's `` Divide ( division sign ) '' slips to No . 3 in its sixth week with 70,000 units .
At No . 4 , Pentatonix 's `` PTX Vol . IV - Classics '' debuts with 54,000 equivalent album units . The set includes renditions of hit songs like Queen 's `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' and Dolly Parton 's `` Jolene '' . Trailing behind at No . 5 is Joey Bada $ $ ' `` All-Amerikkkan Bada $ $ '' which earned 51,000 units in its first week . This is the second top 10 set of Joey after `` BA.DA. $ $ '' debuted at No . 5 in 2015 .
Bruno Mars ' `` 24K Magic '' descends to No . 6 with 45,000 units , while the soundtrack of animated movie `` Moana '' dips to No.7 with 43,000 units . Kodak Black 's `` Painting Pictures '' spends its second week at No . 8 after debuting at No . 3 last week .
Future 's self-titled album `` Future '' sits at No . 9 with 38,000 units . Meanwhile , Father John Misty 's `` Pure Comedy '' closes out the top 10 with 35,000 units , including 33,000 in traditional album sales . It marks their first top 10 and best sales week after `` I Love You , Honeybear '' peaked at No . 17 in 2015 .
Aug 11 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Chris Stroud plays from the fairway on the 16th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Mandatory Credit : Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Chris Stroud , the last man to qualify for the PGA Championship , completed a three-under-par 68 on Saturday morning to join 2015 winner Jason Day in a tie for third before setting off for the third round at Quail Hollow .
Stroud had five holes to finish after play was suspended on Friday due to failing light following an afternoon interruption of one hour 43 minutes because of lightning in the area .
The 35-year-old Texan , who qualified by winning last week 's Barracuda Championship in Reno , Nevada for their first PGA Tour win in their 290th event , birdied the par-five seventh hole and parred out for a six-under-par 136 total .
Stroud and Australia 's Day were two strokes behind co-leaders Hideki Matsuyama of Japan , who won last week 's WGC-Bridgestone , and South Carolinian Kevin Kisner .
World number two Matsuyama is aiming to become the first Japanese male to win a major championship .
Matsuyama , Kisner and Day will tee off together at 2 PM ET ( 1800 GMT ) .
Stroud will be grouped with Italy 's Francesco Molinari , who fired a 64 in the second round , and South African Louis Oosthuizen who were another shot back at five-under .
Seventy-five players made the cut , which was set at five over par .
Among prominent players to miss the cut were former U.S. Open champion Justin Rose of England at six-over , double Masters champion Bubba Watson at seven-over and 2016 winner Jimmy Walker at eight-over .
Miguel Arteta 's “ Beatriz at Dinner ” will open the 2017 Sundance Film Festival : London , it was announced Monday . The film will see its European premiere at the U.K. version of the festival , which sees its 5th iteration in June .
Salma Hayek is confirmed to attend the European premiere , alongside director Arteta and writer Mike White , which will take place June 1 at London 's Picturehouse Central .
Arteta said they were especially excited to premiere the film to U.K. audiences “ at such a politically polarized time in world history. ” “ Amidst the comedy , drama and brilliant performances in the film , Mike 's script weaves some timely and potent political commentary , ” said the director . “ I can not wait to see how audiences outside the United States will react . ”
The announcement of the film 's opening slot at Sundance London came just minutes ahead of British Prime Minister Theresa May 's revelation that they were calling for a snap election in the U.K. on June 8 this year to ensure against instability in the country as Brexit negotiations begin . The festival will take place over the preceding weekend .
“ Beatriz at Dinner ” stars Hayek as a Mexican immigrant and health practitioner in Southern California who finds their innate kindness at odds with John Lithgow 's opinionated , self-satisfied billionaire when the two collide at a client 's dinner party . Connie Britton , Chloe Sevigny and Jay Duplass also star .
“ This was a standout at our Utah festival in January and is a wonderful example of the continued innovation and creativity of our independent filmmakers that we 'll showcase in London again this year , ” said John Cooper , director of the Sundance Film Festival .
The full program will be announced April 25 .
The Sundance Film Festival : London will run June 1-4 at Picturehouse Central . The Sundance Institute will also host a Hong Kong festival in September .
A three-storeyed building collapsed in Owerri , Imo Stae capital on Sunday , killing four people on the spot .
Three of the seven survivors , who were severely injured , were still in a coma as of the time of filing this report .
Among the deceased were a year and six months old girl , Osinachi Nnabu ; a three-year-old boy , identified only as Amara , and two adults , whose identities could not be ascertained as of press time .
Osinachi 's parents and one Sunday Uzohor , survived with minor injuries and were discharged after first aid treatments .
But two serving members of the National Youth Service Corps and a 40-year-old man , identified simply as Mr. Anoruo , were unconscious as doctors at the police clinic , Owerri , battled to save their lives .
While the male corps member was identified as Chinedu , their female counterpart , whose name had yet to be ascertained , was said to be a Law graduate .
They were said to be undertaking their one year compulsory youth service in the state capital .
It was gathered that the two corps members were sleeping in the same room when the building collapsed in the dead of the night .
The rescue of the corps members took about eight hours , as they were reportedly buried in the rubble .
They still had signs of life when they were eventually rescued .
One of the survivors , Uzoha , said there was nothing that showed that danger was lurking , adding that it was by the grace of God that they survived .
They said , “ I can not explain how it all happened . My survival is a miracle and I thank God that I am still alive . ”
Mr. Dominic Nnabu , the father of one of the dead babies , said their family had barely spent two months in the building when it collapsed .
“ It is very painful that our 18 months old child , Osinachi , died in such a painful and agonising manner , ” they added .
The state Commissioner of Police , Chris Ezike , said that preliminary investigation showed that the collapse was caused by the shoddy job done by the engineering team .
Ezike noted that the command would prosecute all those responsible for the disaster .
They said , “ I assure you that with the number of lives lost , those responsible for this can not escape justice . The command will prosecute all those whose actions and inactions caused this disaster . ”
The Officer-in-Charge of police clinic in the state , Bose Salami , confirmed that two children and two adults died in the incident .
They said the two corps members and one Anoruo were still being treated in the medical clinic .
A representative of the state chapter of the Nigerian Society of Engineers , Kingsley Onwubiko , said the tragedy was caused by unprofessionalism .
According to him , the building was old and the owner , against professional guidelines , decided to erect another structure on the building , which led to the collapse .
They said their group would collaborate with security agencies to ensure that the culprits did not escape justice .
A sympathiser , Kissinger Ikeokwu , urged the state government to clamp down on quack engineers , adding that the spate of building collapse in the state was worrisome .
As of the time of filing this report , rescue operation had been concluded .
All the deceased and survivors had also been brought out of the rubble .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ordered that rapper Meek Mill be immediately released from prison on bail .
Editor 's Picks Meek Mill 's first post-prison public appearance could be Sixers-Heat Game 5 Sixers owner says via Instagram that he 's en route to pick up Mill .
The Philadelphia-born rapper , whose real name is Robert Rihmeek Williams , has been fighting for their release while appealing a two- to four-year sentence for a probation violation .
Their controversial incarceration has drawn response from the sports community .
Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin has been one of Mill 's biggest supporters . They tweeted Tuesday that they were on their way to pick up the rapper from prison . The Sixers host the Miami Heat on Tuesday night in Game 5 of their first-round playoff series .
Said Mill on Twitter :
`` I 'd like to thank God , my family , and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time . While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive .
`` To the Philly District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice . I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues .
`` In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . ''
Rubin told The New York Times that `` more likely than not '' Mill will attend the Sixers ' Game 5 Tuesday night .
Rubin had organized visits to Mill 's prison with Joel Embiid , Ben Simmons and Markelle Fultz .
Members of the Super Bowl champion Philadelphia Eagles also championed Mills ' cause . Some players declared Mills ' song `` Dreams and Nightmares '' as the club 's official anthem prior to and during their run to the Super Bowl .
Mill , a South Philadelphia native , had attended Sixers games regularly before going to prison .
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft visited Mill at a state prison in Pennsylvania earlier this month and later called for criminal justice reform .
`` It 's really bad . I know some of our players in the NFL have talked about this . I see it firsthand . It 's just wrong , '' Kraft said then . `` We have to find a way to correct it and also help the community help themselves . It 's just sad . This guy is a great guy . Should n't be here . And then think of all the taxpayers here paying for people like this to be in jail and not out being productive . ''
The Patriots tweeted reaction to the news .
Justice for our friend . Finally free . pic.twitter.com/5RLkcBgohu — New England Patriots ( @ Patriots ) April 24 , 2018
Mill was jailed in November 2017 for violating their probation by failing a drug test , traveling out of the region and getting arrested for fighting and other related offenses . A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged a battle to get Mill freed on bail ever since .
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer .
LOS ANGELES , Calif. , July 3 , 2018 ( SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE ) — EPIC Insurance Brokers and Consultants announced today that risk management and insurance professional Eric Kitei has joined the firm 's operations in Southern California as a Principal , focusing on the unique needs of auto dealers and others in the automotive industry .
Kitei will be based in EPIC 's Irvine , Calif. office , reporting to Jim Gillette , President of EPIC 's Pacific South Region .
They will work in close collaboration with EPIC 's National Automotive Industry Practice , led by Eric Shaw who is also responsible for EPIC 's highly successful property & casualty insurance program for the California New Car Dealers Association ( CNCDA ) .
“ Eric is well known in the auto dealership space and we have competed against each other over the years . I now look forward to having them as a partner in executing EPIC 's strategy of growth and expansion in the automotive industry , both in California and nationally , ” said EPIC 's Eric Shaw .
Kitei will be responsible for new business development ; the design , placement and management of property/casualty and workers ' compensation insurance programs ; and providing risk management strategies and solutions to clients in the auto dealership industry in California and across the country .
Kitei joins EPIC from the Irvine office of Sullivan Curtis Monroe Insurance Services , LLC , where they were senior vice president and Automotive Practice Group Leader . They began their insurance career as a Marketing Representative with Federated Insurance Company in Los Angeles , a specialist in auto dealers .
Said EPIC 's Jim Gillette , “ Eric is a terrific addition to EPIC and to our team here in Southern California . We are committed to attracting the best specialty talent in the industry and have found that with Eric . I know they will be a big part of our continued expansion in the dealership space locally and nationwide . ”
Kitei attended Arizona State University , where they earned a Bachelor 's Degree in Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies and was a member of Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity . Professionally they hold the Life Underwriter Training Council Fellow ( LUTCF ) Designation .
Eric Kitei can be reached at eric.kitei @ epicbrokers.com or ( 949 ) 417-9145
About EPIC :
EPIC is a unique and innovative retail property & casualty and employee benefits insurance brokerage and consulting firm . EPIC has created a values-based , client-focused culture that attracts and retains top talent , fosters employee satisfaction and loyalty and sustains a high level of customer service excellence .
EPIC team members have consistently recognized their company as a “ Best Place to Work ” in multiple regions and as a “ Best Place to Work in the Insurance Industry ” nationally .
EPIC now has more than 1,400 team members operating from 50 offices across the U.S. , providing Property & Casualty , Employee Benefits , Specialty Programs and Private Client solutions to more than 20,000 clients .
With run rate revenues greater than $ 400 million , EPIC ranks among the top 20 retail insurance brokers in the United States . Backed by Oak Hill Capital Partners , the company continues to expand organically and through strategic acquisitions across the country .
For additional information , please visit https : //www.epicbrokers.com/ .
Persons interested in pursuing employment opportunities at EPIC in Southern California should contact EPIC 's Western Region Director of Human Resources Monte Hill at 415-356-3996 or monte.hill @ epicbrokers.com .
* LOGO Link for media : Send2Press.com/300dpi/16-0308-epic-insurance-300dpi.jpg
News Source : EPIC Insurance Brokers and Consultants
To view the original post , visit : https : //www.send2press.com/wire/epic-insurance-adds-eric-kitei-as-a-principal-in-southern-california/ .
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source , who is solely responsible for its accuracy . www.send2press.com .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Mexico 's anti-trust agency on Thursday said that it is investigating “ probable ” monopoly practices in Mexico 's e-commerce market , which includes online retailers like Amazon .
The Federal Commission for Economic Competition , or Cofece , said in a statement that it was investigating possible practices such as price discrimination by major players to crimp the growth of smaller competitors .
Cofece did not provide details on the investigation or name any companies but noted it had begun the investigation in late September .
Regulators around the globe have been wrestling with the impact of online giants Facebook , Alphabet Inc 's Google and Amazon.com Inc on local markets and this is Mexico 's first probe of internet businesses .
Sergio Lopez , Cofece 's top investigator , said in a telephone interview that they were looking at stores that offer their own goods online as well a major e-commerce platforms .
“ We are not going against anyone specifically , but we do have indications that there could be relative monopolistic practices being carried out in this market , ” Lopez said .
Lopez said investigations by Cofece can take up to 2-1/2 years . They could not project how long this investigation would take but said they were carrying out the probe with “ rigor . ”
“ We are entering this market because ( it ) is growing exponentially , ” they said .
Companies found guilty of monopolistic abuses could face fines of up to 8 percent of their revenues , they added .
E-commerce accounts for slightly more than 3 percent of all retail sales in Mexico , where shoppers fear credit card fraud and are often paid in cash . But there has been a scramble to gain market share among Mexico 's middle and upper classes .
Top players in the Mexican online e-commerce space include Amazon , Argentina 's MercadoLibre Inc Wal-Mart de Mexico and more recent entrants such as appliance dealer and bank Elektra .
ISIS-Inspired Muslim Suspect In Custody After NYC Pipe Bomb Terrorist Attack : Live Feed from ZeroHedge
Live feed :
* * *
Update 3 : The New York Post reports , an ISIS-inspired Bangladeshi national set off an homemade explosive device at the Port Authority Bus Terminal subway station Monday morning , law enforcement sources said .
The suspected bomber – a 27-year-old who lived in Brooklyn – had wires attached to them and was armed with a five-inch metal pipe bomb and battery pack as they walked through the Manhattan transit hub , sources said .
Police took the man into custody .
Former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton told MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe ” that the man was inspired by ISIS and originally from Bangladesh.\
There was at least one injury and the wounded was the suspect . The man , who was seriously injured , was taken to Bellevue Hospital .
Investigators briefly spoke to the man , who told them they made the explosive device at the electrical company where they work .
* * *
Update 2 : The Terrorist in NYC attack is injured and in custody . Bomb exploded prematurely . The suspect is reportedly a Muslim man from Brooklyn , east Flatbush area , Investigators are on the way to their home , for further investigations
loading ...
Sharing is caring !
( Yonhap )
( Yonhap )
Civic organizations and activists held a series of events in honor of victims of Japan 's wartime sexual slavery , including the display of hundreds of mini statues symbolizing the so-called `` comfort women . `` A total of 500 statues of a girl went on display at Cheongye Stream Square in central Seoul to mark the international `` comfort women '' day , which was created to commemorate the first-ever public testimony in 1991 by a sexual slavery victim , Kim Hak-soon.It is also the eve of Liberation Day , which marks Korea 's independence from Japan 's 1910-45 colonial rule.Kim 's testimony drew international attention and set off outrage about the atrocity.The display , organized by the Korean Council for the Women Drafted for Military Sexual Slavery by Japan , began at 8 a.m. and was scheduled to end eight hours and 14 minutes later , which symbolizes Aug. 14.On each of the mini statues was inscribed the name of a victim . The 500 statues represented 239 victims in South Korea and an unidentified number of victims in North Korea.After the display , the council plans to dole out the statues to those who donated 50,000 won ( $ 44 ) or more to helping victims.The council also plans to hold cultural performances and a fundraising event at the square , one of which will feature a signing by surviving victim Kil Won-ok who has recently released a music album.Earlier in the day , five public buses began service each carrying a girl 's statue to commemorate the comfort women day . The traditional Korean folk song , Arirang , is played when the bus passes the Japanese Embassy in central Seoul.Women 's groups also planned to hold a rally in front of the Japanese Embassy to denounce an agreement struck between the two countries on resolving the issue . The deal , reached in late 2015 , has been deeply unpopular amid criticism that it failed to reflect the voices of the victims.The groups also said they will hold a signature-collecting campaign to call for resolving the issue.Provincial cities also planned to hold ceremonies to unveil more such statues symbolizing comfort women victims , including the southwestern city of Gwangju and the central city of Yongjin.Historians estimate that up to 200,000 women , mainly from Korea , which was a Japanese colony from 1910 to 1945 , were forced to work in front-line brothels for Japanese soldiers during World War II . Japan has long attempted to whitewash the atrocity . ( Yonhap )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Follow Jeff Add to circle
It 's hard to believe that Sir Stirling Moss never claimed an overall title , but they certainly claimed all sorts of other motorsport victories before their retirement at 88 . Moss won major races at nearly every level of competition during their racing days , including Le Mans , Sebring , the Mille Miglia , Monte Carlo , and a number of Formula One grands prix races . One of the cars Stirling piloted during their career is this gorgeous road-racing Jaguar E-Type . If you like it , you should say so with your wallet because the car is now for sale .
This E-Type Roadster was transformed into a race car at the hands of Jaguar expert Jeremy Broad , according to AutoClassics . To complete this transition , Broad utilized a number of parts found on the amazing E-Type Lightweight cars . Under the hood sits a full race-spec 4.2-liter inline straight-6 . It 's backed up by a 5-speed Getrag manual .
H & H Classics of England will auction off this 1965 E-Type on June 5 . Pre-auction estimates peg the value somewhere between $ 145,000 and $ 170,000 . That almost seems a bit low to us . Sure , the car is n't known as a highlight race winner , but it was piloted by Sir Stirling Moss , and it 's constructed in a similar fashion as the colossally collectible and expensive E-Type Lightweights .
In January 2017 , a 1963 E-Type Lightweight earned $ 7,370,000 at a Bonhams auction . Just 12 original Lightweight cars were built , so the excitement and price make ( some ) sense . This Moss-raced car is n't in the same league , of course , but it does have sentimental value for any well-heeled motorsport lover . Furthermore , we would n't be surprised if the car is invited to compete in all manner of vintage road racing events .
If a smart collector can pick this up for under $ 200,000 , they could have quite a healthy investment machine in their midst . Plus , it 's one they could drive now in those vintage races and garner ever more interest and attention for a future sale .
NATIONAL
US Air Force F-16 fighter jet takes part in a joint aerial drill exercise ` Vigilant Ace ` Thursday afternoon ( Yonhap )
With the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics and Paralympics around the corner , South Korea and the US are considering postponing their annual military drills to avoid provoking North Korea ahead of the global sports event.Citing diplomatic sources , the Japanese broadcaster NHK reported Monday that the South Korean and the US governments have been in talks to defer the Key Resolve combined exercise , which North Korea regularly protests likening it to a war rehearsal , until after the games.The Olympics are to take place from Feb. 9-25 , with its Paralympic Games scheduled from March 9-18 . This year 's Key Resolve ran from March 13-24 . The military has not announced the timeline for the 2018 exercise yet.South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff , when asked about the NHK report , just said the two sides were yet to finalize the exercise plan. “ As far as we know , no decision has been made ( on next year 's exercise schedule , ) ” JCS spokesperson Col. Roh Jae-chun said in a regular press briefing.Along with Ulchi Freedom Guardian , Key Resolve is one of the two main joint drills between allies , performed annually to reinforce their defense posture against the North . The militaries usually begin discussions months before an exercise kicks off.Calls for postponing the annual exercise emerged from South Korea , with the engagement-seeking Moon Jae-in administration viewing the Olympics as an opportunity to defuse cross-border tensions and resume bilateral talks on denuclearization.In conjunction with the UN resolution adopted last month calling for the “ Olympic truce ” during the PyeongChang Olympics , the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae said it even considered suspending the Key Resolve exercise. “ ( Suspending the military exercise ) has long been considered as an option ” to successfully host the Olympic Games and defuse tension on the Korean Peninsula , a Cheong Wa Dae official said in an interview with Yonhap News Agency on Nov. 23.But the mood appeared to have changed after North Korea test-fired Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29 , breaking its monthslong hiatus of military provocations since its sixth nuclear test in September.During the National Security Council meeting following the missile launch , President Moon said peace on the Korean Peninsula was “ impossible ” unless North Korea ended its military adventurism . Until then , the allies and international community need to apply strong pressure and sanctions against the North , they added.North Korea has long demanded South Korea and the US halt joint military drills , although the allies insist they are defensive in nature.This year 's Key Resolve , considered to be the largest-ever in scale , involved about 300,000 troops and the US strategic assets , including F-35B stealth fighters and the USS Carl Vinson nuclear-powered aircraft carrier.By Yeo Jun-suk ( jasonyeo @ heraldcorp.com )
SAN DIEGO – A motorist involved in a hit-and-run accident in which they drove under the influence and hit two men trying to cross the street in the Midway District , dragging one victim more than 800 feet and disfiguring him , pleaded guilty Monday to mayhem , DUI , hit-and-run and evading police .
Yosvaldo Sixco , 22 , was immediately sentenced to seven years in state prison .
The defendant apologized to the victims before they were sentenced .
“ I 'm sorry for what I did , ” Sixco said . “ I know what I did was wrong . ”
Police said Sixco struck 25-year-old Nathan Pederson and 24-year-old Kenneth Powell as they tried to cross the street near Sports Arena Boulevard and Rosecrans at about 10 p.m. last Dec. 18 , seriously injuring both men .
Pederson suffered a broken pelvis and other injuries and Powell ended up stuck under the front wheels of Sixco 's car and was dragged hundreds of feet before being dislodged , police said .
At about 1 a.m. , a police officer in the area saw Sixco trying to move their vehicle , and the defendant drove off at a high rate of speed , striking a parked car and a power pole before being arrested , police said .
Sixco — who has no prior record — had a blood-alcohol content of between .15 and .16 percent after the accident , about twice the legal limit for driving , authorities said .
Deputy District Attorney David McNees said Powell 's lip and nose were nearly torn off in the accident and they continue to recover .
It is still to be determined whether Powell , an avid basketball player , will ever be able to play again , McNees said .
You know what 's exhausting ? Dinner . Well , not eating it , but deciding what to have . In my household we can take hours tossing the question back and forth , “ What do you want ? ” only to have the other one say “ I do n't know . What do you want ? ” And then polite society crumbles as the hungry inhabitants repeat this every 10 minutes until one of us gives up and searches out the cereal bowl or the take-out menu .
The dinner debate does n't sound too bad , but when you factor in that we 're all cranky from our lengthy commutes and the long work week — it 's akin to poking a bear with a stick .
In an effort to skirt the dinner debate you could try this savory and gloriously cheesy recipe for Sun-Dried Tomatoes with Chicken Florentine Pasta . It includes chicken , pasta and veggies and the holy grail that is cheese . ( Have I mentioned my love of cheese yet ? No . OK , I love cheese the way picky toddlers without food allergies love peanut butter . ) So it should work with even the fussiest eaters at your table . If you 're trying to feed people who do n't like cheese … well you might want to look at one of our non-cheese recipes online .
Did I mention that this sounds fancy ? This recipe can trick people into thinking you know how to cook — and it takes less than half an hour to make .
Sun-Dried Tomatoes with Chicken Florentine Pasta
Serves 4
8 oz . ziti
1 lb . chicken ( sliced into bite-size pieces )
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon all purpose seasoning for chicken
¼ teaspoon cayenne
7 oz . sun-dried tomatoes
3 cloves garlic/ tablespoons diced garlic
½ cup half-and-half
1 ½ cup milk
½ cup chicken broth
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
3 cups spinach
Boil a pot of water for the pasta . While waiting for the water , add the butter to a skillet on a medium heat . Add the chicken to the skillet with the seasoning and cayenne until the chicken is sauteéd ( I used herbes de Provence but any basic seasoning works ) . While the chicken is cooking in the skillet , drain and rinse the oil from the sun-dried tomatoes . Cut them into smaller pieces if desired . Once the chicken is cooked through , add the garlic and sun-dried tomatoes to the skillet and sauté for four minutes . Add the pasta to the boiling water and stir until al dente . Add the milk , half-and-half , chicken broth and cheese to the skillet and stir until the cheese melts into the sauce and it 's smooth . Once the pasta is done , drain the water and stir the pasta and spinach into the skillet . The spinach shrinks up to nothing , so if you 're preparing the dish for people who enjoy spinach or Popeye the Sailor , feel free to add a few more cups . Once all the ingredients are stirred together it is ready to serve .
Radio Pakistan will air special programmes on February 5 to express solidarity with the Kashmiri people struggling for their right of self-determination under UN resolutions .
Messages of President and Prime Minister will be aired in programme “ Subh- e Pakistan ” starting at 7:10 a.m. A special song , ‘ Naghma-i-Kashmir ' and Interviews of President and Prime Minister of Azad Jammu Kashmir will also be part of this programme . One minute silence will be observed at 10:00 a.m. to pay homage to the martyrs of the liberation struggle of Occupied Kashmir .
Special programme highlighting struggle of women for liberation of motherland from Indian clutches has been scheduled in programme “ Sukhi Ghar ” under the title , “ Srinagar Ki Betiyan. ” Special song “ Ay Jannat Arzi ” and interview of Kashmiri leader Mashal Malik titled , “ Jed-o-jehd-e Azadi Jammu Wa Kashmir Aur Khawateen Ka Jazba-e Hurriyet ' will also be presented during this programme .
Radio report on human chain in Muzaffarabad and other ceremonies to be held on this day will be broadcast at 03:30pm . Special discussion programme , ‘ Jed-o-Jahd-e Azadi-e Kashmir Aur Naujawan will be aired at 04:30p.m . Song ‘ Dunya Ke Munsifo , interview of former diplomat Abdul Basit titled , “ Masla-e Kashmir Aur Muassar Safarat Kari , ” and radio reports on ceremonies to be held in different cities will be put on air at 07:10 p.m .
Special play on occasion of Kashmir Solidarity Day will be presented at 09:10 p.m. and special Mushahira at 10:10 p.m.—INP
Related
Drake guard De'Antae McMurray ( 4 ) battles Minnesota guard Amir Coffey ( 5 ) for the ball in the second half . ( Photo : Bruce Kluckhohn / Associated Press )
Minneapolis — Minnesota was reminded of a valuable lesson on Monday night when Drake had the Golden Gophers on the ropes . When in doubt , get the ball to Jordan Murphy .
Murphy posted their 12th straight double-double to start the season with 24 points and 18 rebounds , and Minnesota held off Drake 68-67 .
“ He did it with sheer will , ” Gophers coach Richard Pitino said . “ He just got it done the old-fashioned way . ”
Murphy , third in the nation in rebounding , had 14 points and 11 rebounds in the second half alone . Meanwhile , Amir Coffey scored all 16 of their points after the break as Minnesota ( 9-3 ) shot 62 percent in the second half to rally from a nine-point deficit .
Ore Arogundade led the Bulldogs ( 5-5 ) with 15 points , while Graham Woodward added 15 and De'Antae McMurray 12 .
Coming off consecutive double-digit losses at Nebraska and Arkansas that knocked them out of the Top 25 , the Gophers came out flat , shooting just 30 percent in the first half as they fell behind by eight early .
“ We were playing with the weight of the world on our shoulders , ” said Murphy , who made 11 of 14 shots from the floor . “ The pressure of winning this game today was something we had in the back of our minds . ”
The Gophers missed their first six shots while 3-pointers by Woodward , McMurray and Noah Thomas gave Drake an 11-3 lead . But after a timeout , Murphy scored eight straight points for Minnesota to tie it at 11 .
Drake threatened to run away in the second half as McMurray and Thomas hit 3-pointers , and Reed Timmer sank three free throws to build a 41-32 lead . But again , Murphy responded with eight straight points , the final four on monster dunks that energized a crowd that previously had n't had much to cheer about .
Dupree McBrayer 's 3-pointer with nine minutes to play gave Minnesota its first lead , 50-47 . Their steal and dunk gave the Gophers their largest lead at 61-54 .
Woodward , a senior from nearby Edina , Minnesota , hit a pair of free throws and a 3-pointer to cut Minnesota 's lead to 64-62 with two minutes to play . Murphy again came through , scoring off an offensive rebound and adding another bucket in the low post .
Minnesota had the ball and a six-point lead twice in the final 30 seconds but almost gave the game away . First McBrayer stepped out of bounds along the sideline . Then after a Drake turnover , Gophers forward Michael Hurt missed the front end of a 1-and-1 with 12 seconds left .
Arogundade drove the lane to score on the other end , and Minnesota turned it over on the inbounds pass . The ball ended up in the hands of Woodward , who hit a 3-pointer , but the clock ran out .
“ I think it 's better to learn from a win than from a loss , ” Murphy said . “ It 's definitely a learning experience for us . ”
( At ) Northwestern 96 , Chicago State 31 : Northwestern may want to petition to take another full week off in the future .
Vic Law scored 18 points and the Wildcats followed a seven-day layoff with the largest margin of victory in program history , beating Chicago State 96-31 on Monday night .
Northwestern ( 6-4 ) also established a program record for the fewest points yielded in a half in the shot-clock era as it raced out to a 55-8 lead at halftime . The 31 points allowed marked the second-lowest point total ever given up by a Wildcats team in the shot-clock era . The 65-point differential topped Northwestern 's 101-49 victory over Mississippi Valley State on Dec. 14 , 2014 .
“ We kind of refocused ourselves , ” Northwestern coach Chris Collins said . “ The first five games we kind of got away from what made us good ( defensively ) in the past . It was n't like our character was bad or our attitude . We had to get back to work . We had to regain our edge . We had to regain our spirit . ”
Apparently , Finals Week did the trick .
After splitting a pair of early Big Ten conference meetings , including a Dec. 3 loss at Purdue , the Wildcats did n't practice until Wednesday so players could take final exams .
But instead of looking like a team coming off a long layoff , Northwestern was energized early . Bolstered by torrid 3-point shooting and a swarming defense , the Wildcats scored the first 15 points of the contest and added a 21-0 run before halftime . Northwestern shot 9-for-16 from behind the arc and had assists on 14 of its 16 first-half buckets .
Aaron Falzon added 15 points for the Wildcats , who began a stretch of three games in six days with a season-high for points and assists ( 20 ) .
Chicago State ( 2-11 ) , which had scoreless droughts of 4 minutes , 40 seconds and 6 minutes , 40 seconds , made just 2-of-19 shots and committed 15 turnovers before the half . The 25 turnovers forced by Northwestern also was a season-high .
Trading activities of the Nigerian Stock Exchange , NSE , on Wednesday , May 30 , closed the second trading session of the week in a downward swing
Consequently , the NSE All Share Index ASI , depreciated by 1.05 % to 38,606.41 points . Likewise , market capitalisation dipped below N14 trillion to N13.98 trillion . Consequently , month-to-Date loss grew to 6.45 % , the highest seen so far in 2018 , while Year-to-Date gain tumbled to 0.95 % .
Market breadth index closed negative with 23 gainers paired against 25 stocks that declined . Hallmark Insurance Plc emerged the day 's biggest gainers soaring by 6.25 percent , while Ikeja Hotels Plc emerged the worst performing stock with a plunge of 7.04 percent .
Sectoral performance chart showed NSE Consumer Goods index plunging by 2.63 percent following the 4.92 % loss in International Breweries Plc and 4.35 % plunge in Nigerian Breweries Plc . Nestle Nigeria Plc and Honeywell Flour Mills Plc also lost 3.75 % and 0.44 percent respectively .
The NSE Industrial index depreciated by 2.56 % , majorly driven by the sell-offs in the shares of Lafarge Cement Wapco Nigeria Plc and Dangote Cement Plc .
The NSE Banking index lost 0.34 % , on the back of the drop in the shares of Sterling Bank Plc which dropped by 4.58 percent , Unity bank Plc dipped by 2.25 % and Zenith Bank Plc which went down by 1.92 percent .
On the other hand , the NSE Oil & Gas index added 0.06 % , following the buy interest in the shares of integrated energy company Eterna Plc which gained by 3.98 % .
Access Bank Plc was the most actively traded with 68 million units of shares worth N744 million , gaining 1.87 percent .
At the end of trading for the day , total volume and value of trades turned positive at 53.86 % and 188.46 % to 342.05 million units and NGN4.74 billion , respectively , exchanged in 5,057 deals .
Ronaldo receives five-match ban after Supercopa ref shove
Real Madrid may be without Cristiano Ronaldo for five matches after their dismissal and a push on the referee in the Supercopa de Espana .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 19:15 IST
Cristiano Ronaldo reacts to their red card against Barcelona
Cristiano Ronaldo has been banned for five matches after being sent off and then pushing the referee in Real Madrid 's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana first-leg victory over Barcelona on Sunday .
The Portugal star played out a dramatic cameo at Camp Nou , coming off the bench to score a stunner before getting booked for removing their shirt in celebration .
They took a tumble in the box just two minutes later and earned a second yellow card for an apparent dive , but Ronaldo allowed their anger to get the better of them as they then pushed referee Ricardo de Burgos .
The 32-year-old Portugal international could have been suspended for a maximum of 12 games , but the Spanish Football Federation ( RFEF ) has opted to impose a five-match ban .
According to a statement released by the governing body on Monday , one game was attributed to their dismissal and four were as a consequence of their behaviour toward De Burgos .
The RFEF has also fined Ronaldo €3850 and their club a total of €1750 .
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 business days to appeal against the sanction .
Should the ban stand , the star forward will miss the second leg of the Supercopa , followed by Liga matches away to Deportivo La Coruna , at home to Valencia and Levante and away to Real Sociedad .
The short-lived Supercopa appearance and subsequent punishment marks an eventful start to the season for Ronaldo , who had been linked with a move away from the Santiago Bernabeu amid scrutiny in Spain over their tax affairs .
BUFFALO , N.Y. -- The NHL suspended Buffalo Sabres forward Johan Larsson two games for cross-checking Florida Panthers forward Vincent Trocheck in the face .
The league 's department of player safety issued the ruling after conducting a hearing with Larsson on Friday , a day after Buffalo 's 4-2 loss to the Panthers . Larsson was already facing a one-game suspension after being issued a 10-minute match penalty and five-minute cross-checking major for their hit to Trocheck with 35 seconds left in the game .
The hit occurred after Trocheck and Sabres defenseman Jake McCabe got their sticks up during a skirmish at the Panthers blue line . Larsson skated toward Trocheck and cross-checked him .
In its ruling , the NHL noted Larsson 's stick initially hit Trocheck high on the left shoulder before riding up to connect with the player 's cheek . The league , however , noted players are responsible for their sticks .
`` When a player attempts to intentionally use their stick to deliver a blow to an opponent , they can not necessarily be excused of all responsibility when the blow lands in an unintended place , '' the league ruled .
Following the game , Larsson said they merely `` pushed them a little bit and the ref came and grabbed me . ''
The fifth-year player will lose close to $ 15,900 in salary and miss Buffalo 's home games against St. Louis on Saturday and Anaheim on Tuesday .
Emotions boiled over between the Sabres and Panthers shortly after Florida 's Colton Sceviour closed the scoring with 2:24 remaining . Officials issued a total of 56 minutes in penalties to six players , including Larsson , over the final 2:01 .
It is possible to bring in over £250,000 a year working in asset management — firmly in the top 1 % of earners in the UK — but still feel financially stretched , according to Financial News 's latest Job Satisfaction Survey .
On respondent , who fell into this category , put it down to having to plan for a long retirement , pay for their children 's education and support their family . They are not alone in being a top earner but feeling the financial squeeze .
...
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 at 3:39 pm |
ATM machines in Yerushalayim . ( Dario Sanchez/Flash90 )
The Israeli banking system is getting rid of employees as fast as it can , according to Supervisor of Banks Hedva Ber .
“ Globally , assessments are that by 2025 , technology will replace a large proportion of the banking workforce . Even now there are areas of banking where technology has rendered many employees superfluous , ” they proclaimed in a report published on Wednesday .
The number of jobs in the banking sector fell by 1,300 last year , and by nearly 3,200 in 2015-2017 , the report said .
“ The efficiency ratio in banks is improving . Particularly noticeable is the improvement in medium-sized banks that suffered from inefficiency for many years , such as Israel Discount Bank , ” the report stated .
However , the banks are n't efficient enough yet . The efficiency ratio of banks in Israel remains lower than banks in other developed countries . The ratio was 66.1 percent in Israel in 2017 , compared with 62.9 percent in developed countries ( a lower ratio indicates greater efficiency ) .
Business considerations dictate more technology and fewer workers , according to Ber .
“ The banks and bankers must continue to act to adjust their business models decisively and with a forward-looking vision , ” they said . “ Banks that implement the changes slowly and continue to operate along traditional methods will increase their risk of becoming uncompetitive and irrelevant in the not-too-distant future . ”
Israeli banks have also continued the process of closing branches to save money . The total number of branches in the banking system fell by 25 this year , 2 percent , and is now 9 percent lower than the peak reached in 2012 .
A future software update will fix this , but why is it an issue in the first place ?
Our phones are capable of more than ever before nowadays , and because of this , there are some things we no longer have to think about as we just expect it to work . Pretty much every phone from the past few years has been able to stream HD videos without a hitch , but for whatever reason , the all-new OnePlus 5T is currently unable to do this .
In order to stream videos in HD from the likes of YouTube , Netflix , Hulu , Amazon Video , etc. , phones need to support something called Widevine Level 1 DRM . As some users on OnePlus 's forums have noted , the 5T only supports Widevine Level 3 which is capable of just SD video streams .
What 's even more peculiar is that The Verge has tested and confirmed that this is an issue that also plagues the original OnePlus 5 that was released this past summer .
OnePlus says that a software update will be available in the future for the 5T that 'll enable support for Widevine Level 1 , but the company has failed to state why in the world this is something that was n't supported out of the box .
We would n't necessarily deem this as a reason return or not purchase a 5T seeing as how it 's a fix is on the way , but it 's just mind-boggling as to why this is an issue in the first place .
A horrific incident took place in India where a severed head of a three-month-old baby was found lying on the terrace of a house in Hyderabad , situated in the southern part of the country .
According to reports , the head of the baby was found in Hyderabad 's Chilkanagar district . The head was cut using a sharp-edged weapon and sadly , the body is still missing . Police now suspect a human sacrifice angle to the murder as the incident came to the spotlight just a day after the super blue blood moon or lunar eclipse .
In most parts of India , this celestial event is considered to be apt by some people who believe in human sacrifice as means of satisfying the almighty . As per age-old Indian norms , eating during an eclipse or stepping out of the house , especially for pregnant women , is considered inauspicious .
The local police has launched an extensive probe to find the identity of the baby . The dead infant 's gender has not been confirmed yet .
ANNECY , France — “ Mom Hurries Home , ” “ Selfish ” and “ The Tales of the Hedgehog ” feature among eight projects at an Annecy MIFA TV Pitches session which looks to have grown in importance and quality over recent years .
This year , 136 projects were submitted for a maximum of eight slots , said MIFA projects head Geraldine Baché , adding that among all the Mifa Pitches ' categories , the TV Special & Series has grown the most in these last few years .
“ Due to the quantity of projects we receive , I can honestly confirm that quality has also much improved , ” Bache added , saying that MIFA received projects from all over the world with a personal identity and a strong personality . “ Most are innovative but definitely try to match market demand , which is quiet new in fact ! ”
Fielding different demands from broadcasters , MIFA has consciously created a session , taking place June 15 , with a notable diversity in projects ' geographical origin , genre and primary target .
A 2D pre-school TV-web series , Ukraine 's “ Mom Hurries Home ” melds quaint warm colors , a fanciful plot with fairy tale , poetic and magical elements such as dwarves , dragons and a family enhancing theme of two parents battling to get home from work in the big city in order to spend more time with their young son , who has befriended a baby dragon . “ Mom Hurries Home ” is created by Ukraine-based Glowberry , an upscale multimedia producer whose execs have experience in animation and children 's book authorship . It shows .
French 2D project for young adults/adults , the one-minute episodes of social satire series “ Selfish ” riff in a humorous fashion on the impact of technology on people and their relationships . Fish , or at least humans with fish heads who are clumsy . grumpy , self-regarding , sometimes gentle and fragile . popular a contempt world . Boldly drawn , “ Selfish ” is created by a young team of Nicolas Trotignon and Mathieu Vernerie and inspired by the social burlesque of Jacques Tati , though the satire looks far more aggressive .
The exquisite “ The Tales of the Hedgehog , ” a half-hour film from Alain Gagnol and Jean-Loup Felicioli , Academy Award nominated for feature “ A Cat in Paris , ” mixes their hallmark painterly backgrounds , children 's thriller storyline and gains in social point in the story of a plucky young daughter who tries to help out when dad is laid off at the local factory .
MIFA received a lot of projects sporting dinosaurs as main characters , Baché . Two made the 2017 cut .
“ Dino Meets Robo ” weighs in as a children 's edutainment series about the world 's last dinosaur – who befriends a robot as both explore the world around them . Targeting 4-5s , and combining stop motion , 2D digital animation and a 3D built set , the series is directed by Basel Nasr , based out of Palestine 's Maṣna ‘ al Rusūm al Mutaḥarrikah , and Germany-Jordan-based writer-director-art director Ahmad Saleh , whose “ Ayny – My Second Eye ” won an Academy Award for best student film in the foreign animation category .
Created by Canada 's Mathias Richard Horhager , series director for Jim Henson 's “ Dot , ” and Bogota-based animator Juan M. Urbina , “ Distinguished Dinosaurs ” channels U.S. pop culture into the tale of bunch of dinosaurs , domesticated by a millionaire , who travel the world . Billed as “ ‘ Jurassic Park ' meets ‘ Indiana Jones ' meets ‘ Around the World in 80 Days , ' ” “ Distinguished Dinosaurs ' ” goal is to being back the classic Spielberg-like family adventure , the series ' creators promise .
Three further series round up the 2017 MIFA TV Series & Specials selection . Two more , as “ Distinguished Dinosaurs , ” hark back to ‘ 80s Spielberg .
A 20-minute French sci-fi comedy for 6-12s , “ 20,000 Years After ” sees Nanoko , the eight-year-old daughter of a world-famous astrophysicist mum , whom they hardly see , accidentally transports their whole family 20,000 years into the future . Inspired by ‘ 60s cartoons , such as Ozamu Tezuka 's , mixing broadly-drawn 2D characters and 3D backgrounds , “ 20,000 Years Later ” is a “ mix of ‘ Malcolm , ' ‘ Jurassic Park ' and H.G . Wells ' 'The Time Machine , ' ” its creators say .
A comedic sci-fi adventure series aimed at “ discerning ” 6-11s , according to a presentation , “ Karyn Splitter : Alien Sitter ” turns on human girl living in a small Texan town who babysits aliens ' offspring , attempting not to endanger the future of the world . The 2D computer TV series is created and written by Jon Dalgaard , co-creator of ABC pilot “ Bedhead. ” “ Take the wondrous charm of ‘ 80s Spielberg , push it through a “ Gumball ” humor-grinder , and wrap it in “ Regular Show 's ” simple-yet-effective storytelling , ” and you have “ Karyn Splitter : Alien Sitter , ” Dalgaard suggests .
Directed by Hefang Wei , based out of France 's Valence , one of France 's major animation hubs , and written by Patricia Mortagne , “ Viva Mexico ” is to be made in dainty 2D . Waving the flag for cultural diversity , it narrates the adventures of a little French girl in Mexico .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have seized £25,000 worth of cannabis and £1000 in cash during a raid at a Montpelier house .
Officers descended on the house in Wellington Avenue on the morning of Monday , December 11 , where they found suspected cannabis plants with a street value of £25,000 .
Roughly £1000 in cash , scales and mobile phones were also seized .
A 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and is currently in custody at Patchway police station .
The raid follows a similar action carried out a fortnight ago in Cairns Crescent , St Paul 's , where police seized £53,000 worth of cannabis , £40,000 of class A drugs and £16,500 of cash .
A 26-year-old man from St Paul 's was charged with possession with intent to supply class A and class B drugs , as well as money laundering .
They have been remanded in custody to appear at Bristol Magistrates Court in January .
Both warrants were carried out thanks to information supplied by the community .
Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Aston said : “ People often mistakenly think that cannabis is a harmless drug , that it 's ‘ just a bit of weed ' and do n't understand why we carry out these types of warrants .
“ Cannabis and its production is far from harmless . Vulnerable people are often exploited in its production , by organised crime gangs who do n't care who they hurt in its cultivation .
“ The plants are often grown in ordinary residential houses , where dodgy wiring bypasses the electricity meter , causing a massive risk of fire which threatens neighbouring families . ”
Sergeant Aston has urged members of the public to contact police about suspected cannabis farms to protect young and vulnerable people from harming themselves and their families .
“ These drugs end up on the streets of local communities , where children as young as 10 can get hooked , ” they said .
“ Families can be torn apart as a result of parents smoking it , to the detriment of their kids . Overuse can cause psychotic episodes so terrible that people have thrown themselves off buildings .
“ Cannabis is not always recreational and it has a human side to it . It 's more than ‘ just a bit of weed ' . ''
Anyone with information about suspected cannabis farms can contact Avon and Somerset police on the non-emergency 101 number or via their website . Calls can also be made anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111 .
Those who offer information to the charity which leads to an arrest and charge are sometimes eligible for a £1,000 reward .
On Monday morning , the Golden Globes reinforced the notion that Hollywood is still a boy 's club . The organization , made up of about 90 foreign journalists , seemed to go out on a limb not to nominate a single woman for best director . Not Greta Gerwig ( “ Lady Bird ” ) . Not Patty Jenkins ( “ Wonder Woman ” ) . Not Dee Rees ( “ Mudbound ” ) .
Although 2017 has been called the year of the woman , the Globes managed to overlook two of the biggest female-led hits of the year : “ Beauty and the Beast , ” the most successful movie of 2017 so far , was snubbed in the musical/comedy category , and “ Wonder Woman ” was shut out for any awards . Other surprises : Jordan Peele did n't get a nomination for writing or directing “ Get Out , ” although their movie did receive two nominations ( for best picture and actor ) .
Guillermo del Toro 's “ The Shape of Water , ” a love story between a lonely woman and a monster , led all movies with seven nominations . “ The Post ” and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” each picked up six nods . On the TV side , there was at least good news for strong female protagonists . HBO 's “ Big Little Lies ” landed six nominations and FX 's “ Feud ” scored four .
Here are the 21 biggest snubs and surprises from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association :
SNUB : Greta Gerwig for directing “ Lady Bird ”
The biggest disappointment of the morning was that the Globes , following a troubling trend that 's been continuing at the Oscars , nominated five men in the best director category . It 's a shock that there was no love in the category for Greta Gerwig for “ Lady Bird , ” the indie darling of the year .
SNUB : Jordan Peele , for directing and writing “ Get Out ”
The horror movie earned two nominations for best picture musical/comedy and lead actor Daniel Kaluuya . However , Peele was somehow not recognized in the directing or screenwriting categories , where the movie is expected to make a strong showing on the awards trail .
SNUB : “ Wonder Woman ” gets shut out
Some pundits have wondered if the Warner Bros. tentpole could be the first comic book movie to score the best picture nomination at the Oscars . But it 's awards momentum was hurt on Monday , when the Globes omitted it from all categories , including best picture , the best director and best actor for Gal Gadot .
SNUB : “ The Big Sick ”
The Amazon Studios release was a hit with audiences , earning $ 43 million at the domestic box office . It 's weird that the Globes did n't find room for the movie in the best comedy category , or any recognition for stars Holly Hunter or Kumail Nanjiani , who delivered one of the year 's best breakout roles .
SNUB : Jennifer Lawrence , “ mother ! ”
Yes , they starred in the most divisive movie of the year . But the Globes love Jennifer Lawrence so much , they gave them an acting trophy for “ Joy. ” The fact that they did n't earn a nomination for “ mother ! ” means that Darren Aronofky 's drama about a woman who lives on an abandoned farm is n't going to be an awards contender .
SNUB : Kate Winslet , “ Wonder Wheel ”
Winslet is another favorite of the Hollywood Foreign Press , having racked up a total of 11 nominations over their career . Them role in Woody Allen 's drama set in Coney Island is the type of performance that the Globes usually go for . But following a national conversation about sexual abuse in Hollywood , the film directed by Woody Allen has had trouble connecting at the box office for Amazon Studios .
SNUB : Emma Watson , “ Beauty and the Beast ”
The “ Harry Potter ” star has never been nominated for a Golden Globe . The Hollywood Foreign Press could n't find room for their role as Belle in the most successful movie of the year , which also got shut out of the best musical/comedy category .
SNUB : Diane Kruger , “ In the Fade ”
After winning the best actor prize at Cannes , for playing a woman dealing with grief after losing their family in a terrorist attack , Kruger has n't been able to break into the awards season race . That 's a shame , since they give their best performance to date in the drama directed by Fatih Akin .
SNUB : Christian Bale , “ Hostiles ”
The Western was hailed as as instant Oscar contender when it debuted at Telluride , with a tour-de-force lead performance from Bale . However , its distributor , Byron Allen 's Entertainment Studios Motion Pictures , is an unproven entity in the awards race game . The project has n't had a high enough profile in a year where the best actor race is packed with heavyweights such as Tom Hanks ( “ The Post ” ) , Gary Oldman ( “ The Darkest Hour ” ) and Daniel Day-Lewis ( “ Phantom Thread ” ) .
SNUB : Jake Gyllenhaal , “ Stronger ”
Gyllenhaal received rave reviews for playing Boston Marathon survivor Jeff Bauman , who lost both legs in the 2013 bombing on Boylston Street . Yet the film 's early fall release date and modest box office receipts might have hurts Gyllenhaal 's chances with the Hollywood Foreign Press .
SNUB : Adam Sandler , “ The Meyerowitz Stories ( New and Selected ) ”
Sandler 's last ( and only ) Golden Globe nomination was for their starring role in 2002 's “ Punch Drunk Love. ” Many thought that they might return to category with their character actor turn in Noah Baumbach 's film .
SNUB : “ Veep , ” HBO
“ Veep ” has been a Golden Globe reliable , with two nominations for comedy and three for its star , Julia Louis-Dreyfus . But the reigning Emmy champ did n't win favor with HFPA members , who voted “ Veep ” out of office in favor of new series like “ SMILF ” and “ Marvelous Mrs. Maisel . ”
SNUB : “ Transparent , ” Amazon
“ Transparent ” won Globes for the series and its star , Jeffrey Tambor , in its first season , and has been nominated every year since . That ground to a halt this year . Might the accusations against Tambor have factored in ?
SNUB : Debra Messing , “ Will & Grace ”
Voters embraced the NBC revival , crowning it with noms for best series and best actor for Eric McCormack . But Debra Messing did n't make the cut this time out , even though she 'd earned six nods for the role .
SNUB : Larry David , “ Curb Your Enthusiasm ”
David 's return to TV had been highly anticipated — he 'd earned three nominations for their work on the show in its previous seasons . But voters shunned them for the ninth season — blame that Fatwah ?
SNUB : Milo Ventimiglia , “ This Is Us ”
The actor earned a nod last season for their turn as the ill-fated father in NBC 's hit drama , a role which has only gotten more complex and layered in its sophomore season .
SNUB : Carrie Coon , “ The Leftovers ” and “ Fargo ”
They delivered two of the most talked about performances of the year in HBO 's drama and FX 's anthology series — but somehow HFPA voters missed them both .
SURPRISE : “ All the Money in the World ” rebounds
So far , Ridley Scott 's drama has been in the press for all the wrong reasons . Last month , Kevin Spacey had to be cut from the project , after a series of sexual harassment allegations surfaced . Their role ( as John Paul Getty ) was recast with Christopher Plummer , who had to agree to last-minute shoots . The Hollywood Foreign Press seems to believe that the film , which has n't screened to critics yet , is actually good . “ All The Money in the World ” received three Golden Globe nominations for best supporting actor Plummer , the best actor Michelle Williams and best director .
SURPRISE : Ansel Elgort , “ Baby Driver ”
The summer box office hit was n't really considered an award movie , yet Elgort made the cut over more expected names like Adam Sandler or Kumail Nanjiani . This is the 23-year-old star 's first Golden Globe nomination .
SURPRISE : Katherine Langford , “ Thirteen Reasons Why ”
Netflix 's drama grabbed headlines for its subject matter — as did the performance of the Australian teen as the suicidal teenager .
SURPRISE : Kevin Bacon , “ I Love Dick ”
It 's no surprise that Bacon would draw the attention of HFPA voters , having won for their 2010 movie “ Taking Chance. ” But their turn in Jill Soloway 's “ I Love Dick ” mostly flew under the radar .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A real life Iron Man has taken to the skies with jet engines strapped to their boots .
Jarno Cordia has taken wingsuits to the next level by as they jumped out of a plane and jetted across the sky .
A heart stopping video shows how the daredevil was able to gain 80kg of extra thrust thanks to their comic book hero addition .
The 39-year-old , who has more than 5,000 jumps to their name , opted for a stable freefall from a hot air balloon before slowly powering up their boots five seconds in to the dive .
Jarno , from De Haag , in the Netherlands , said : `` The acceleration and power you feel on your feet is incredible , and combined with the sound you really feel like a superhero .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
`` I have done a lot of incredible things in my years in the sport , but this definitely stands out as one of the most incredible experiences . ''
Initially flying level during the July 27 shoot , Jarno was then able to gain altitude over Baarlo , Netherlands , as a result of theirs boots .
Designing the boots , they said , required the work of an `` incredible team , '' consisting of two engineers and a programmer who designed a control system .
In the future , Jarno hopes to develop the boots to extend their roughly-three-minute flight time to about eight minutes .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Marvel )
By doing so - and with additional training - the fulltime skydiver hopes to then display their boots at the likes of public airshows and demonstrations .
Jarno said : `` So far the response has been amazing . From friends and family to complete strangers just giving random compliments .
`` I think any of these projects related to human flight tend to get people excited - myself included . ''
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Baker Mayfield has won the Heisman Trophy .
That 's nice and all , but what about next year ?
For everyone not still shouting “ Boomer Sooner ! ” toward Oklahoma 's senior quarterback , it 's time to look toward who could join them on stage at the Heisman ceremony in 2018 .
For the sake of argument , let 's say that quarterbacks Josh Rosen , Sam Darnold and Lamar Jackson will turn pro . Throw in the draft-eligible running backs ( Bryce Love , Saquon Barkley , Ronald Jones II , etc . ) as well . And if that changes and any of them return , add them to this list retroactively .
Jonathan Taylor rushed for 1,847 yards as a first-year student at Wisconsin . Dan Sanger/Icon Sportswire
With that caveat out of the way , here 's a look at the top candidates , in alphabetical order , to take home next year 's Heisman Trophy and a handful of contenders who deserve close attention :
Ohio State DE Nick Bosa : It 's not easy for a defensive player to get invited to New York , but the sophomore has two things going in their favor : brand and name recognition . They can thank big brother and their university for that . But what Bosa does on the football field should speak for itself . He 's a disruptor at defensive end , earning Freshman All-American honors in 2016 and a first-team All-Big Ten selection this past season , racking up 11 sacks and 19.5 tackles for loss in the process .
Clemson QB Kelly Bryant : Their numbers do n't inspire you ? So what ? What Bryant did in their first season starting -- not to mention replacing a legend in Deshaun Watson -- says it all . Bryant led their team to the No . 1 ranking and threw for 2,678 yards , 13 touchdowns and six interceptions in the process . They also ran for 646 yards and 11 scores . They have all the tools to be a star , if they are n't already , and the experience and confidence he 's gaining now should lead to even better , possibly Heisman-caliber , numbers next season .
Alabama QB Jalen Hurts : For all the consternation over their ability as a passer , all the sophomore quarterback does is make plays and win games . Their overall record as starter speaks for itself : 25-2 . They were the first true first-year student to win SEC Offensive Player of the Year since Herschel Walker , and followed that up as a sophomore with 2,708 total yards , 23 touchdowns and just two turnovers this season . If they carry Alabama to a third straight playoff next season , it will be hard to deny the dual-threat QB a trip to New York .
West Virginia QB Will Grier : The junior could enter the NFL draft . After all , other than winning a Big 12 title , what do they have left to prove ? They threw for 3,490 yards , 34 touchdowns and 12 interceptions this season . They even ran for a couple of touchdowns , stating their case along with Mayfield as one the most productive quarterbacks in college football . But if they return , they could be looking at a Mayfield-like Heisman run in 2018 . If they post similar numbers and wins a conference championship , they should get a trip to New York .
Pick the winner of all 41 bowl games this year in ESPN 's Capital One Bowl Mania game and win $ 1,000,000 ! Play Now for Free !
Houston DT Ed Oliver : Wake up , people . Everyone sleeps on the Group of 5 needs to turn on the tape of Houston 's prodigious defensive lineman and soak it in . The 6-foot-3 , 290-pound sophomore does things that no 6-3 , 290-pound person should be able to do . Even from the interior of the line , they make plays . Just look at their stat line the past two seasons : 135 tackles , 37.5 tackles for loss , 10.5 sacks , 12 passes defended , five forced fumbles and one blocked kick . If the Heisman voters sleep on him , you 'd better believe the owners of the No . 1 pick in the 2019 NFL draft wo n't .
Auburn QB Jarrett Stidham : As it turns out , Auburn coach Gus Malzahn was right and Stidham did need a little bit of time to get their feet under him . But once the former Baylor transfer did , they showed why they were worth the hype . From Week 3 on , they completed an eye-popping 68.5 percent of their passes with 15 touchdowns and three interceptions , leading Auburn into playoff contention . They even added a running element to their game , rushing for three scores . With a full year under their belt and most of their receivers back , they could be primed for a strong junior season .
Wisconsin RB Jonathan Taylor : It 's OK if you 're late to the party on this 5-foot-11 , 214-pound running back from New Jersey . He 's just a first-year student , after all . But boy , can the young fella play , earning first-team All-Big Ten honors thanks to 1,847 yards and 13 rushing touchdowns this season . No Power 5 back had more rushes of 10 or more yards this season than Taylor 's 60 .
Arizona QB Khalil Tate : Speaking of being late to the party , let 's try not to fall victim to the Pac-12 After Dark conspiracy next year . Tate deserves that extra pot of coffee after dinner for everyone in the South and Northeast . All the man does is make plays . Five times they have combined for 300-plus total yards , and on three separate occasions they rushed for more than 200 yards in a game . After coming out of nowhere this season , they should be on everyone 's radar in 2018 .
Five more to keep an eye on : Florida State RB Cam Akers , Ohio State QB Dwayne Haskins , Oregon QB Justin Herbert , Oklahoma QB Kyler Murray , Georgia RB D'Andre Swift .
Donald Trump reversed decades of US policy and veered from international consensus last week by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . Photo : AFP
Dubai : Former Saudi intelligence chief prince Turki al-Faisal has criticized US President Donald Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , in one of the sharpest reactions emanating from the US-allied kingdom .
In a letter to Trump published in a Saudi newspaper on Monday , prince Turki , a former ambassador to Washington who now holds no government office but remains influential , called the move a domestic political ploy which would stoke violence .
“ Bloodshed and mayhem will definitely follow your opportunistic attempt to make electoral gain , ” prince Turki wrote in a letter published in the Saudi newspaper al-Jazeera .
Trump reversed decades of US policy and veered from international consensus last week by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . Most countries say the city 's status must be left to negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians .
“ Your action has emboldened the most extreme elements in the Israeli society ... Because they take your action as a license to evict the Palestinians from their lands and subject them to an apartheid state , ” prince Turki wrote .
“ Your action has equally emboldened Iran and its terrorist minions to claim that they are the legitimate defenders of Palestinian rights , ” they added .
Saudi Arabia has sought better ties with Washington under Trump than it had under their predecessor Barack Obama , who alarmed Riyadh by signing a nuclear agreement with Iran—Saudi Arabia 's arch enemy .
Prince Turki is a son of king Faisal , who was assassinated in 1975 . Their brother , Saud al-Faisal , served as foreign minister for 40 years until 2015 , and their branch of the family is seen as influential over Saudi foreign policy , even as crown prince Mohammed bin Salman has solidified their authority .
Prince Saud championesd a 2002 Arab peace initiative which called for normalizing relations between Arab countries and Israel in return for Israel 's withdrawal from occupied territories .
Although most foreign policy in Saudi Arabia is now overseen by crown prince Mohammed , a source at the King Faisal Centre for Research and Islamic Studies , which prince Turki chairs , said they still meet king Salman every week . Reuters
( WARNING : This article contains spoilers for the first season of Class . Please read at your own risk ! )
From deadly enemies to lovable and quirky characters , Doctor Who fans were treated to a brand-new spin-off show last year called # Class . The series follows the lives of a group of teenagers and a school teacher as they battle a tear in space that keeps appearing in Coal Hill School .
However , it was reported early on this year by The Daily Mirror that the # DoctorWho spin-off was cancelled by the # BBC due to its poor viewing figures . This was caused due to the BBC airing the show on BBC Three . On the other hand , it has been reported that the science fiction series will be commissioned for a second season under one condition : It has to do well in America this year .
However , executive producer of the show , Steven Moffat ( who is also the showrunner of Doctor Who ) , has revealed they would love to make a second season of Class , as they do n't want to let the Weeping Angels win , following that major cliffhanger !
Could The Weeping Angels Be The Main Villain For Season 2 ?
Speaking to Radio Times , Steven Moffat seems keen to tackle a second season of Class in order for it to become even more successful . It 's almost like a second chance for the show creator , Patrick Ness , to make the show a lot bigger than it already is . Speaking about the possibility of a second series , Moffat said :
“ We do n't know right now — we would love to get more 'Class ' made . We 're in a different world now , for how television works , especially when our channel is basically online . Wait and see what 's going to happen . ''
Continuing on with their interview in front of a large crowd , Moffat went into explaining that the Weeping Angels can not win this battle , a second series would easily solve the jaw dropping cliffhanger . Moffat said this in their answer to Radio Times :
`` Now , the Weeping Angels can not be allowed to win , can they ? Let 's just hope that Coal Hill gets another go . ''
Final Thoughts
Class creator Patrick Ness has hinted that the show has not officially been cancelled by posting the following Tweet :
If a tabloid puts the keyword in the title in quotation marks , it 's pretty certain they 're just making shit up , okay ? — Patrick Ness ( @ Patrick_Ness ) February 24 , 2017
The Tweet was promptly posted following The Daily Mirror publishing an article with the headline saying : `` Doctor Who is a spin-off Class to be 'axed ' by the BBC after just one series . ''
The series — starring Katherine Kelly , Greg Austin and Fady Elsayed as part of the main cast — can be found on the BBC iPlayer in the United Kingdom until October 2017 . The Young Adults series has already started in America , and each episode of the series will air immediately after the new episode of Doctor Who .
For now , all fans of Class have to sit patiently and hope that the series is successful in America , and the BBC commissions the gripping and bloody show for a second series .
What is your most memorable moment from Class ?
( Source : Radio Times )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Yinyi Real Estate Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS TO CHANGE COMPANY NAME TO YINYI CO LTD Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2nE5Clc Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
A major incident has been declared in Wiltshire after it was suspected two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury .
The man and woman , both in their 40s , are in a critical condition at Salisbury District Hospital , Wiltshire Police said .
A number of places in the Amesbury and Salisbury area have been cordoned off as a precaution and the force said it was not yet clear if they were the victims of a crime , however detectives are keeping an “ open mind ” about the circumstances of the incident .
Public Health England ( PHE ) advised that it did not believe there to be a “ significant health risk ” to the wider public , although its advice was being reviewed .
The incident comes after former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter , Yulia , were left poisoned by a suspected military nerve agent in Salisbury , which is around eight miles from Amesbury , in March .
Police said the man and woman were found unconscious at an address in Muggleton Road on Saturday evening .
The address is thought to be on a new housing development on the southern edge of the town , which lies close to Stonehenge .
Police and emergency services initially believed the pair may have taken illegal drugs , however further tests are now being carried out .
A police statement said : “ Wiltshire Police and partners have this evening declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury .
“ Emergency services were called to an address in Muggleton Road , Amesbury on Saturday evening ( June 30 ) after a man and woman , both in their 40s , were found unconscious in a property .
“ They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital . They are both in a critical condition .
“ It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs .
“ However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident . ”
A number of scenes believed to be areas they frequented before they fell ill were cordoned off overnight .
Meanwhile there was an increased police presence in and around Amesbury and Salisbury .
Salisbury District Hospital was “ open as usual ” and officials advised people to attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to do otherwise .
A PHE spokesperson said : “ The current advice from PHE England , based upon the number of casualties affected , is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public . This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known ” .
Mr Skripal , 67 , and their daughter , 33 , were left in a critical condition after they were found slumped on a bench in Salisbury city centre on March 4 .
They spent weeks in Salisbury District Hospital where they underwent treatment for suspected exposure to the Russian-created nerve agent Novichok .
The British Government has accused Russia of being behind the attack on Mr Skripal , who settled in the UK after a spy swap .
Grant Thornton Nigeria is a member firm of Grant Thornton International Limited ( GTIL ) . GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership . Services are delivered by the member firms . GTIL and its member firms are not agents of and do not obligate one another and are not liable for one another 's acts or omissions . Grant Thornton is one of the world 's leading organizations of independent Audit & Assurance , Tax and Advisory Services Firms . Grant Thornton Nigeria has offices in Abuja , Lagos and Port-Harcourt .
We are in search of dynamic and self motivated career-minded individuals to fill the position below :
Job Title : Trainees Tax
Ref : TAX.1.7 .
Location : Abuja/Lagos/Port-Harcourt
General Service Requirements
Applicants must be fresh Bsc . graduates of Accounting , Economics and related numerate sciences with a minimum of second class upper division from reputable universities ONLY
Teachable , mature disposition and open to learning
Not more than 26 years of age .
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Analytical lateral thinking
Excellent Microsoft Office suites including spreadsheet programs
Possess multi-tasking abilities
Must be inclined to reading , research and general flair for personal development
Application Closing Date
28th February , 2017 .
How to Apply
Interested and qualified candidates should submit their application letters and CV 's to : [ email protected ] quoting the reference numbers of the post as subject and also indicating the choice of location .
TEL AVIV ( Reuters ) - Thousands of Israelis protested in Tel Aviv on Saturday for the second consecutive week against government corruption and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is under criminal investigation over allegations of abuse of office .
FILE PHOTO : Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks at the 2nd International Conference on Digital Diplomacy , in Jerusalem December 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/Files
Police estimated the number of demonstrators at about 10,000 and they followed last Saturday 's demonstration , which was by far the largest of the recent weekly anti-corruption protests when an estimated 20,000 people participated .
The protests have been sparked by corruption allegations against Netanyahu , who denies any wrongdoing . The four-term leader is suspected of involvement in two cases .
The first involves receiving gifts from wealthy business people and the second involves negotiating a deal with a newspaper owner for better coverage in return for curbs on a rival daily .
If charged , they would come under heavy pressure to resign or could call an election to test whether they still had a mandate to govern .
Netanyahu 's right-wing Likud party said in a Facebook post that the protest was a left-wing demonstration . It called on all Israelis to back their prime minister as they defend Israel against international criticism following U.S. President Donald Trump 's acceptance of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital .
“ Instead of uniting with all the people behind Jerusalem and showing the world a unified front , the left can not contain itself and it prefers to create division , ” part of the statement said .
Over weeks of demonstrations , protesters have identified themselves as supporting both left- and right-wing parties . On Saturday they held banners reading : “ Neither left , nor right ( we demand ) integrity , ” “ We are fed up with corrupt ( politicians ) ” and “ Sweep the corrupt away . ”
Former prime minister Nawaz Sharif requested on Wednesday the accountability court to delay the verdict on Avenfield reference case which is due on Friday .
“ I am not a dictator who will run away from the courts , ” the ex-PM told journalists outside London 's Harley Street clinic , when asked whether they were shying away from corruption trials .
“ My wife has been on a ventilator for past 21 days . I want to hear the verdict in the courtroom where I have appeared with my daughter ( Maryam Nawaz ) in over 100 hearings. ” Nawaz said .
The PML-N leader said that irrespective of the decision , whether favourable or not , they will return to Pakistan .
Share on : WhatsApp
Cash Spot Cash Tom Tom Next -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Bid/Ask Bid/Ask Bid/Ask ( in IST ) 1000 02.00/04.25 00.50/01.25 01.50/03.00 02.87 % 02.87 % 02.87 % ( Jan 31 ) 1000 01.00/02.50 00.50/01.25 00.50/01.25 02.86 % 02.86 % 02.86 % -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- TIME FEB MAR APR MAY -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 1000 17.00/19.00 39.50/41.50 68.00/70.00 94.25/96.25 1100 17.25/18.75 39.75/41.75 68.00/70.00 94.25/96.25 1200 17.50/19.00 40.00/42.00 68.25/70.25 94.50/96.50 1300 17.75/19.25 40.25/42.25 68.75/70.75 95.25/97.25 1400 17.50/19.50 40.00/42.00 68.25/70.25 94.75/96.75 1500 17.75/19.25 40.25/42.25 68.75/70.75 95.25/97.25 1600 18.00/19.00 40.50/42.50 69.00/71.00 95.50/97.50 1715 18.25/19.25 40.75/42.75 69.50/71.50 96.00/98.00 ( Closing Jan 31 ) 1715 19.25/20.75 41.50/43.50 69.75/71.75 96.00/98.00 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- TIME JUN JUL AUG SEP -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1000 116.50/118.50 140.50/142.50 163.75/165.75 184.75/186.75 1100 116.50/118.50 140.25/142.25 163.25/165.25 184.50/186.50 1200 116.75/118.75 140.50/142.50 163.50/165.50 184.75/186.75 1300 117.50/119.50 141.50/143.50 164.75/166.75 186.00/188.00 1400 117.25/119.25 141.25/143.25 164.25/166.25 185.25/187.25 1500 117.75/119.75 141.75/143.75 164.75/166.75 186.00/188.00 1600 117.50/119.50 141.75/143.75 165.25/167.25 186.50/188.50 1715 118.25/120.25 142.25/144.25 165.50/167.50 186.75/188.75 ( Closing Jan 31 ) 1715 118.00/120.00 141.50/143.50 164.25/166.25 185.50/187.50 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- TIME OCT NOV DEC JAN -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1000 209.50/211.50 232.00/234.00 255.00/257.00 277.00/279.00 1100 209.25/211.25 231.75/233.75 254.75/256.75 277.00/279.00 1200 209.75/211.75 232.25/234.25 255.25/257.25 277.50/279.50 1300 211.25/213.25 234.00/236.00 257.50/259.50 280.00/282.00 1400 210.25/212.25 232.75/234.75 256.00/258.00 278.50/280.50 1500 211.00/213.00 233.50/235.50 256.75/258.75 279.50/281.50 1600 211.50/213.50 234.25/236.25 257.50/259.50 280.00/282.00 1715 212.00/214.00 234.75/236.75 258.25/260.25 281.00/283.00 ( Closing Jan 31 ) 1715 210.50/212.50 233.00/235.00 256.00/258.00 278.00/280.00 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- TIME 1 MTH 2 MTH 3MTH 4 MTH 5 MTH 6 MTH -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1000 4.51 % 4.67 % 4.83 % 4.73 % 4.66 % 4.60 % 1100 4.52 % 4.70 % 4.84 % 4.74 % 4.67 % 4.59 % 1200 4.57 % 4.72 % 4.85 % 4.75 % 4.68 % 4.60 % 1300 4.61 % 4.73 % 4.87 % 4.77 % 4.69 % 4.62 % 1400 4.61 % 4.72 % 4.85 % 4.76 % 4.69 % 4.62 % 1500 4.61 % 4.74 % 4.88 % 4.78 % 4.70 % 4.63 % 1600 4.62 % 4.76 % 4.89 % 4.78 % 4.69 % 4.63 % 1715 4.65 % 4.78 % 4.91 % 4.79 % 4.70 % 4.63 % ( Closing Jan 31 ) 1715 4.45 % 4.59 % 4.81 % 4.71 % 4.64 % 4.57 % -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - TIME 7 MTH 8 MTH 9 MTH 10 MTH 11 MTH 12MTH -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 1000 4.56 % 4.52 % 4.50 % 4.48 % 4.45 % 4.42 % 1100 4.55 % 4.52 % 4.50 % 4.48 % 4.45 % 4.43 % 1200 4.56 % 4.53 % 4.51 % 4.49 % 4.46 % 4.43 % 1300 4.57 % 4.54 % 4.52 % 4.51 % 4.48 % 4.46 % 1400 4.57 % 4.54 % 4.52 % 4.49 % 4.47 % 4.45 % 1500 4.58 % 4.55 % 4.53 % 4.50 % 4.48 % 4.46 % 1600 4.59 % 4.55 % 4.53 % 4.51 % 4.48 % 4.46 % 1715 4.58 % 4.55 % 4.53 % 4.51 % 4.49 % 4.46 % ( Closing Jan 31 ) 1715 4.51 % 4.50 % 4.48 % 4.46 % 4.44 % 4.41 % -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ( CONVERSION RATE - $ 1 = 64.0150/64.0250 rupees ) Note : Figures in brackets indicate negative values . Premiums have been given in paise and annualised premiums are on a rolling monthly basis . For the purpose of calculating the annualised premiums , the mid-figure between bid and ask is taken . Similarly we use Spot level indicative bid and ask for calculations . These indicative rates are based on contributions from Andhra Bank , Bank Of Baroda , Canara Bank , Syndicate Bank , ICICI Bank , Credit Agricole CIB , Standard Chartered , HDFC Bank , Indusind Bank , Bank of India , Union Bank of India , Axis Bank , State Bank Of India , Central Bank . For contributions contact Mumbai Rate Reporting unit +91 22 6180 7222/3317 7222 or E-mail : rru.data @ thomsonreuters.com
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : The country has imported around 61,753 metric ton ( mt ) Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) during first nine months of the year 2017 , official sources said .
“ The LPG import stood at around 5,13,788 mt in 2016 , while 2,45,578 mt in 2015 and 62,117 mt in 2014 , ” they told APP .
During the last four years , the number of LPG marketing had reached 144 and the government had decided to set up LPG-air mix plants in far-flung areas of the country where facility of natural gas was not available .
Currently , the two state companies , Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited ( SNGPL ) and Sui Southern Gas Company Limited ( SSGCL ) are working to set up 59 LPG-air mix plants at designated sites in their respected operational areas .
“ The project is aimed at providing gas facility to the population in the areas where facility of natural gas is not available and to discourage deforestation . At the plants , LPG will be mixed with air to produce synthetic gas for onward supply to the consumers through distribution networks like natural gas , ” the sources said .
The SNGPL will install Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) -air mix plants in Beor , Ban , Kurbagla-Dewal , Company Bagh , Tret , Phagwari , Rawat , Ghora Gali , Ariari , Karor , Kotli Sattian , Santhan Wali , Kahuti , Lehtrar and Pangar in Punjab and Darosh , Balakot and Ayun localities in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . In Azad Jammu and Kashmir , the facility would be provided in Muzaffarabad , Rawalakot , Kotli , Palandri , Bagh , Dhirkot and Bhimber , whereas a plant would be installed in Gilgit , the sources said .
The SSGCL , they said , would set up LPG plants at Umerkot and Mithi areas of Thar in Sindh , and Zhob , Qilla Saifullah , Loralai , Kharan , Musakhail , Qilla Abdullah , Keecha at Turbat , Khuzadar , Uthal , Winder , Muslim Bagh , Killi Khanzai , Chaman , Sherani , Sanjawi , Chaghi , Panjgor , Hamal , Washuk , Wadh in Khuzdar , Barkhan , Mitri ( Bolan Katchi ) , Injeera ( Khuzdar ) , Gandva ( Jhal Magsi , Kohlu , Awaran and Bela in Balochistan .
Answering a question , the sources said the LPG air mix project on SNGPL system was at different stages of implementation like planning , survey , import of plants and acquisition of land , while the SSGCL had started the process of site selection and land acquisition under the project . The company had worked out Rs 14 billion cost for the mentioned plants and the tenders would be floated once the feasibility study was completed .
“ The SSGCL is exploring the possibility to arrange financing for the same from its own resources which is primarily the savings from other projects , ” the sources added .
They said the SSGCL would set up 10 LPG-air mix plants during the current fiscal year .
TORONTO—WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries . At issue is an airline policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags , unless the extra luggage is “ a golf bag containing golf clubs . ”
WestJet has a policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags , unless the extra luggage is “ a golf bag containing golf clubs. ” ( Jeff McIntosh / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral . Walker says the policy is “ absurd ” and shows preferential treatment to tourists , as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin . WestJet says the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago “ due to the amount of excess checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations . ”
Article Continued Below
Read more about :
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Five suspected thugs were shot dead in separate robbery incidents in Nairobi in the war against crime .
A police officer was shot and wounded on both legs by thugs in Dandora when responding to calls that a gang was harassing and robbing locals in the area .
They are admitted to hospital and in stable condition , said Nairobi police boss Japheth Koome .
During the incident , one suspect was shot dead and a pistol found on him . Koome said the weapon had three bullets .
about the author : Ghetto Radio
Since April 1st , the BC wildfires have burned more than 762,000 hectares of land .
According to the BC Wildfire Service , that 's more than double the total areas of Greater Vancouver and even the province of Prince Edward Island ( PEI ) .
Chief Fire Information Officer Kevin Skrepnek says there are currently 162 blazes burning in BC , with 15 new ones starting up on Sunday .
“ The vast majority of those new fires were lightning-caused throughout the province , and four or five of our fire centres did see these new ones develop and spread as well . ”
Residents of Northern BC also took note of some rain showing over the region this weekend , but Skrepnek believes it had little to no effect on suppression efforts .
“ It 's certainly welcome , but by no means did the rain over the last 48 hours do much in terms of really putting a dent in the season . Given that we do not see any significant rain , if rain at all , you know we 're likely going to see conditions rebound pretty quickly . ”
. @ KevinSkrepnek : Variable cloudiness , gusty winds in # NorthernBC ; mix of sun & clouds later this week in the high 20s — My Prince George Now ( @ mypgnow ) August 14 , 2017
They say the Interior this week is expected to remain dry with some cooler winds at night .
More than $ 292.6 million has been used during the crisis in helping the more than 4,000 firefighters and support staff tackle the blazes .
. @ KevinSkrepnek : People should remain vigilant , campfire ban still in effect across BC ; encourage public to call * 5555 to report new fires — My Prince George Now ( @ mypgnow ) August 14 , 2017
It was something of a surprise when Bristol Rovers eventually took the lead , not the fact they had found the net but who it was that scored it .
Ellis Harrison had been looking their typical self , lethargic , maybe carrying an injury , not really getting anywhere and we all thought they were a prime candidate for the next substitution , but Darrell Clarke did n't have another striker to bring on .
Then suddenly out of the blue the Welsh under 23 international got the ball in the box and with a magnificent turn and burst of pace left two defenders for dead to smash it into the back of the net generating great power from such a short back lift . Typical Ellis .
They have been that sort of frustrating player all season . We are aware they have the potential to win matches but they have not shown it often enough and Darrell has stuck with them probably because they are short of strikers since Matty Taylor left .
Their goal scoring potential is what separates them from Luke James who again did n't look likely to score . Okay they work hard , but again it begged the question do you want someone like him , or Harrison who always has that finishing threat in their locker ?
It was games like this which makes us wonder what decision the club will make over Harrison at the end of the season . Should they stay or should they go , I really do n't know . We do need some new strikers for next season and maybe Ellis could be the third one who comes into games from the bench .
The visitors packed their defence from the start and apart from two good shots from Billy Bodin and one from Harrison which the big Oldham keeper Connor Ripley did well to save it was a quiet first half . Most of the entertainment was provided on the away fan 's terrace as flight attendants confiscated their annoying drum after a bit of a tugging contest , much to our delight .
Bob Harris and Joe Partington both did okay as full-backs but they did n't do enough to convince me that they should be first choice ahead of Lee Brown and Danny Leadbitter who are much better at overlapping when we play three centre-backs .
Although Stuart Sinclair did alright and got the man of the match award I felt it should have gone to Ryan Sweeney who again won everything at the back all afternoon and it meant that Joe Lumley did n't really have a shot to save the whole game .
So once again the play-off dream is back on . I do n't know if my nerves can take it but if Ellis can show just one more moment of magic on Saturday , who knows ?
Morrisions launch their new kids range with a moc
Man rides horse into shop to pick up groceries
Hackers can unlock your home 's front door with in
A block of flats in Oxford been set on fire in a
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Are you looking forward to tucking into pancakes this Pancake Day but do n't really have any idea how to make them ?
Pancake Day 2017 is almost here and people up and down the country are stocking up on chocolate spread , bananas , lemons and sugar .
For 24 hours , amateur chefs will be whisking up eggy , milky , pancakey treats for the friends and family .
But if you 're not quite sure how to put together the perfect pancake then you need to watch this video .
( Photo : Wales Online )
Luckily we 've called in an expert - Anthony Barnes , executive chef at Cardiff 's Marriott Hotel - to provide us with a step-by-step guide in how to rustle them up .
And the good news is that it 's a simple and quick recipe which even the most novice chef among us can follow .
( Photo : Wales Online )
Are you a master flipper ? Send us your 10-second pancake tossing videos using the form below .
How to make the perfect pancake
Ingredients
2 eggs
100g plain flour
300ml milk
1 tsp vegetable oil
Pinch of salt
( Photo : Wales Online )
Method
It looks like the capital continues to flow into startups looking to provide some easy way for users to share GIFs , with another startup called Emogi announcing today that it 's raised $ 12.6 million in a new financing round .
Already there 's enormous activity in the GIF space , of all things . Google earlier this year acquired Tenor , a GIF platform that supplies a GIF search engine across multiple messaging channels ( the company recently added LINE as one service ) . Tenor earlier had said it had around 12 billion GIF searches every month . Meanwhile , Gfycat , which focuses on creator tools , says it has around 180 million monthly active users with more than 500 million views every month . Giphy , one of the other largest GIF platforms , says it has around 300 million daily active users ( and we hear recently held talks for a massive funding round ) .
So , in total , this is a very hot space , and potentially for good reason . As messenger services — iMessage or otherwise — become the dominant form of communication , users are looking for ways to compress more and more information into a small amount of space . Whether that 's stickering on LINE or animoji for iMessage , there 's a clear hole for companies to find some new or creative way to help users send over what amounts to some snippet of emotion baked into a clip of their favorite game , movie , or huge moment in a basketball game .
“ We were looking at the behavior of consumers [ in our previous app and ] we realized they were n't even reading the content , ” co-founder Travis Montaque said . “ They were literally reacting with emoji , and that 's it . That behavior was interesting to us . At the time it was me , a team of several engineers and data scientists , and we decided this way of expressing yourself could increase engagement . We decided we should take a look at how the environment is treating these types of formats , and that caused us to transition the business to being Emogi , working with lead investors to provide richer content experiences across their apps — whether that 's in the camera or the keyboard . ”
Partners integrate Emogi 's SDK into their keyboards , which then sends information about the user 's context — like typing or other attributes — to figure out the best GIFs to show and drop a model onto the phone . Montaque , however , stressed that delivers the model to a user 's keyboard and does analysis on the device without sending any info back to its servers about the user 's conversations . Amid the massive privacy-related snafu Facebook faces , it does seem like many of these communications companies are tuning their tone to emphasize that . That information includes views , shares , and other kinds of information about what type of content users engage with as a means to understand what content to deprecate over time .
There 's also a consumer-facing side with the Emogi app , where users can move up stickers or GIFs within messaging services . Emogi 's goal is to surface that content directly based on context , rather than providing a search engine like something like Tenor . Obviously that search component was a tantalizing one , as Google found it an attractive company to acquire . But Tenor , too , sought to find ways to figure out the exact right GIF for the exact right moment — and removing that clicking around and lowering the barrier to getting a GIF out the door is one that makes sense in the scope of messaging .
Like some other GIF platforms ( including Tenor ) , Emogi works with brands like Proctor and Gamble to give them an alternative vertical for their marketing efforts that can capture a different slice of a user 's behavior outside of the advertising juggernauts . All of this is still in the sort of experimental case — while some of these platforms have a lot of engagement , they obviously are n't Facebook — it does offer a second or third option to the traditional firms as a way to find new buckets of users that they might otherwise not reach .
But all this does mean Emogi is entering an increasingly crowded space , and one that larger companies are definitely starting to take notice . While platforms like Facebook or LinkedIn look to tap ones like Tenor , it 's clear that all these companies are seeing that figuring out a way to compress that emotion into a short window is increasingly important when it comes to messaging . It may be that Tenor and Giphy end up building a strong enough content base and moat , though alternative players like Gfycat are still showing they 're able to grow . Montaque says the company 's content shows up in messaging apps around 1 billion times a month , which seems like at least a good start to see if it can keep rolling .
Friendship is one of the richest aspects of life . Having someone you can relate to on an intimate level without judgment is absolutely vital — and something that often does not receive the credit it deserves in contemporary , romance-focused society . But , chances are you and your best friends wo n't live in the same place forever ( I 'm dealing with this right now ) . Did you ever think you 'd find the perfect gift for you long-distance best friend in Cedar City , Utah ? Thanks to these long-distance best friend keychains and the power of the internet , you just did .
These adorable keychains are based on an idea similar to that behind those best friend necklaces everyone wore in middle school . But keychains are a little more subtle and perhaps more sophisticated than the glitter-covered jewelry Claire 's made best . Rather that professing your love through fluorescent plastic , you can dedicate your companionate devotion through handcrafted , custom-etched aluminum .
These keychains are custom made by artisan TheLonelyMoose , who , according to their profile , specializes in `` creat [ ing ] custom made personalized hand stamped keepsakes and uniquely crafted jewelry with a minimalistic style . '' Each comes with a state-shaped charm embellished with a dotted line and heart , and an accompanying metal tag that reads `` Miles apart but close at heart '' ( or whatever else you 'd like it to read — it 's customizable ) . One state is engraved with an image of an airplane .
Long Distance Friendship Keychain , $ 29.99 , Etsy
One order includes two complementary keychains . Customers can choose to model their keychains after any U.S. state ( including three separate Hawaiian islands ) , a number of Canadian provinces , as well as various other countries including India , China , and Spain . The set retails for $ 29.99 and takes approximately two to three weeks to create and ship . And the concept is clearly a hit — the listing has received over 1,500 reviews to date , with most being five stars .
If you 're looking for something that alludes to location a little less , TheLonelyMoose also makes matching keychain sets that are not shaped like anywhere in particular . Perhaps you would prefer a mini dog tag ( in copper ) or minimalistic bars ( like the ones on the state keychains ) . The retailer also makes a significant amount of simplistic jewelry wholly unrelated to relationships — like these paper airplane necklaces , for instance .
But , if it 's the personal nature of a long distance best friend gift that has your interest piqued , there are loads of options on Etsy that are n't jewelry .
Long Distance Friendship Best Friend Soy Candle , $ 23.00+ , Etsy
Looking for a gift that perfectly captures the way your bestie sets your heart aflame ? Look no further than a candle — the best-smelling flame . This soy candle from DefineDesignEtc comes in over 35 different scents and two different sizes ( nine ounces and sixteen ounces ) , so you can add a really personal touch .
Best Friends Glass Set , $ 28.70+ , Etsy
You 're never too far away to grab a drink with your best friend — at least , according to this set of glasses by seller MixingSpirits . Plus , they 're not just personalized with an outline of state — the etchings on the glasses are personalized down to the location of the city where the recipient lives .
Best Friend Sign , $ 15 , Etsy
This sign by GretasHomemadeGifts is the perfect gift for someone who wants to put their friendship on display . The two states painted on contain the names of the gifter and recipient , and are joined by a dotted line . The sign is finished with the quote `` Distance means so little when friendship means so much '' at the bottom . It gives off some major big-little vibes .
Anyway , if you made it all the way down to the bottom of this post , odds are you got ta call your long distance bestie , STAT . No keychain or fun little trinket will ever replace the real thing — but at least it will help you feel close to each other until you get to be again .
TEFO PHEAGE
Government has lost a case in which it was taken to court by a transgender man after the Registrar of National Registration refused to change the gender marker in their national identity card ( Omang ) .
The applicant presented psychological and medical evidence in court to the effect that their innate gender identity is and has always been male and that the failure of the state to recognise their gender identity had caused them significant trauma .
The applicant further submitted that their identity document should reflect their gender identity which only became apparent after their birth . The applicant argued that the National Registration Act allows the Registrar to change any particulars of a registered person and to issue that person a new identity card if there has been a material change to their circumstances .
Delivering their judgement on 29th September 2017 , Lobatse High Court judge Justice Nthomiwa held that the refusal to change the applicant 's gender marker was unreasonable and violated their rights to dignity , privacy , freedom of expression , equal protection of the law , freedom from discrimination and freedom from inhumane and degrading treatment .
The court further ordered government to change the gender marker on the applicant 's identity document ( Omang ) from ‘ Female ' to ‘ Male ' to protect their dignity and well-being .
The case is a big blow for government and may open a can of worms as many transgender people are likely to come out demanding the same right . Currently government is inundated with similar requests , most of which have been unsuccessful . It is not clear whether the government will change their position on the issue .
The applicant , whose names were protected by the court , was represented by Tshiamo Rantao and Lesego Nchunga and supported by the Southern Africa Litigation Centre and Open Society Initiative of Southern Africa .
The applicant expressed relief after the victory and urged more people who find themselves in similar positions to persist and defend their rights .
Their lawyer , Rantao , told The Botswana Gazette that “ The ruling should go forward assist or guide the government functionaries to consider that which the court has advised on ” .
Commenting on the matter , Tashwill Esterhuizen , LGBT and Sex Worker Rights Programme Lawyer at the Southern Africa Litigation Centre said the decision was a monumental victory for the rights of transgender persons in the region .
“ The judge 's finding that the refusal to change a transgender person 's identity documents violates constitutional rights , goes a long way in improving the lives of transgender persons ” , they said .
Ian Southey-Swartz , LGBTI Programme Manager at the Open Society Initiative of Southern Africa who were supporting the case said it has been a long , tedious journey .
“ It has been a difficult journey but we are elated with the outcome . The impact of this case should not be underestimated . If properly implemented , it has the potential to positively change the lives of transgender persons ” they said .
This is another landmark victory for sexual minority groups who continue to drag government to court , challenging it to recognize their rights . The Government of Botswana like many African states has not been keen to deliver on the second-generation rights owing to cultural norms and an institutionalized conservatism .
In 2016 , government lost another highly publicised case in which the Lesbians , Gay , and Bisexuals of Botswana ( LEGABIBO ) were challenging its decision to deny them the right to register their organisation . The High Court overturned government 's decision , saying government had acted unconstitutionally .
The High Court two months ago postponed a similar case in which a transgender woman , Tshepo Kgositau , was contesting government 's refusal to change the gender marker in their identity documents.It is highly likely that Justice Leatile Dambe will rely on Justice Nthomiwa 's judgement .
Earlier this month , two former Google staffers quietly launched a new app that 's designed to help users overcome technology 's uncanny valley and develop a more healthy relationship with the ubiquitous electronic assistant that “ lives ” in our pockets .
Called Maslo , the new app ( and the company behind it ) , in the words of its founders , was built to develop a “ personified AI technology that interacts with empathy and playfulness . ”
At its core , the first iteration of Maslo is a daily check-in tool that encourages and develops mindfulness , according to founders Ross Ingram and Cristina Poindexter .
Once downloaded , Maslo is a voice-activated journaling tool with a basic status update feature that encourages users to log an emoji representation of their emotional state at a particular moment and spend a minute talking to the app about what 's going on .
The idea , the founders say , is to have Maslo evolve and personalize as users interact with it . You can see what the company 's blobby AI looks like below .
[ gallery ids= '' 1608868,1608869,1608870,1608871,1608872,1608873 '' ]
Ingram , who was a former Sphero employee working on projects like the BB-8 before they joined Google , has thought deeply about how technology intersects with the human psyche and how people create bonds with the technologies they use .
“ We started building robots in 2010 and in the 2012 to 2013 time frame we wondered what this would look like if we added some personality to this — and some kind of relationship , ” says Ingram . “ Whenever we launched these robots out into the world… people had this desire to connect on a deeper level… people wanted to share aspects of themselves with the robot . ”
Meanwhile , their co-founder noticed the same behaviors from people who were interacting with the Google assistants in their early days .
“ A lot of these interactions were non-utility queries , ” says Poindexter , a Yale-educated sociologist , who worked on Google 's soon-to-be-announced assistants in the Pixel phone and Google Home in 2016 when they and Ingram first met .
“ There was this need to go in and help people on a deeper level… I have a background in sociology and I look at it from a users ' perspective of what do people need , ” Poindexter says . “ A lot of these interactions [ with the assistant ] were mulling things over and needing a place to express them… and Google ca n't deliver on that and from a brand perspective Google did n't want to . ”
That 's perfectly clear from Google 's latest commercial .
By contrast , Maslo wants to be a space where people can more comfortably address the emotional aspects of user 's lives .
“ It 's the way we define an assistant versus a companion… assistants help things get done in the external world and companions are going to help us get things done in our internal world , ” says Ingram .
“ There are going to be different classes of machines that interact and relate to humans on different levels , ” Poindexter adds . “ We are seeing thousands of people using machines for assistant-based things… we know that where this is going we 're going to start talking more to whatever you want to call them — assistants or companions — and Alexa wo n't help you figure out if you need help . ”
With Ingram 's experience in design and hardware , the two came to the conclusion ( as they relate in a blog post about Maslo 's early days ) , that technology “ can help us become more human , and less robotic . ”
Ingram left Google in December of 2016 and Poindexter followed in February . The two moved down to Los Angeles and began collaborating on the project that would eventually become Maslo .
Over the long-term , the two founders think of Maslo as a gateway to interacting with other services that a user may need — and one that is completely focused on security . Other tools can help with therapy , self-improvement , education or entertainment , and Maslo wants to be the funnel that prompts users to take advantage of those services when necessary .
Importantly , in this era of increased privacy protection , the two have built Maslo so that most of the user information that Maslo collects stays on a user 's device rather than on servers that the company hosts . “ Privacy and trust is the most critical to us , ” says Ingram . “ We 've designed the architecture in a way that does keep a lot of the sensitive information on the phone . We do have to upload some things to the cloud in a secure way to continue to develop Maslow 's back end and machine learning… [ But ] we do n't have access to the actual voice note… we are able to interpret whatever is shared using our algorithms . ”
Meanwhile transformative powers of technology and the ways in which it can provide a positive influence in people 's lives is n't just rhetorical hyperbole for Ingram — he 's experienced it himself .
At 16 years old , Ingram , who grew up in a small town in rural Colorado , faced three felony charges and expulsion from their high school for stealing a computer . Always interested in technology , Ingram came from a working class family that did n't have enough money for them to indulge in their favorite pastime .
The brush with the law could have landed them in jail , but Ingram was sent to a diversion program to keep kids out of prison ; while there , the young developer decided to pursue a career in computer science . They enrolled in Denver 's Metropolitan Community College , and while attending class managed to talk their way into a job with Sphero .
Ingram met the Sphero founders when they were just a collection of Boulder-based Android developers going through the Techstars program . When the company raised its first round , Sphero hired Ingram as its seventh employee and their career was off to the races .
“ Going through that experience… helped me develop my sense of identity and figure out where I wanted to go in life , ” Ingram says . “ That 's very much what we 're focused on with Maslo today . Maslo is a reference to Maslow 's hierarchy of needs and developing the tools you need to have that sense of self . ”
Several studies ( including this one from the University of Iowa ) discuss the positive effects of journaling on mental health and addressing trauma . And Poindexter said that 's where Maslo wants to begin .
“ In the beginning there needs to be some sort of joy in the exercise , ” they say . “ We really want to reflect back to people what they 're saying… [ Maslo ] holds up a mirror… it 's a sounding board and does n't necessarily give you the answers but shows you what you might already know . ”
Over time , the two co-founders expect that the application will evolve to become more personalized as users develop a relationship with the AI they 're talking to . “ The way that Maslo looks and the way Maslo animates and talks will be something that happens down the road , ” says Ingram . “ Being able to build this sense of companionship between machine and the user so that it is this safe space to access is very important . ”
In a week when all eyes are on Facebook and the subject of how data about us on social media platforms gets used without us knowing , there 's been some consolidation afoot in the world of media-based big data services . DataSift , the London-based company that pulls data from conversations across social , news and blog platforms , anonymises it , and then parses it for insights for third party organizations , is being acquired by Meltwater , the company originally out of Norway but now based in San Francisco that provides business intelligence services such as media monitoring and AI analytics on internal business communications .
Financial terms are not being disclosed for the deal but it includes technology , employees and DataSift 's customer base . DataSift had raised about $ 72 million in funding from investors that include Insight Venture Partners , Scale Ventures and Upfront Ventures and the company had never disclosed its valuation . Meltwater is bootstrapped and has never raised outside funding , but it has also been described as a “ unicorn ” with a billion-dollar valuation — a description that the company would not confirm but also does not contest .
DataSift 's CEO Tim Barker , who is taking on a role at Meltwater leading their team there , said that it 's business as usual for DataSift 's existing customers , while the two will also work on integrating their platforms together . Combined , the customer base includes media companies , brands and educational and other organizations that make use of the data . Disclosed customer names include Viacom , Ogilvy , Air France , Vans , Harvard Business School and Columbia Business School .
The news comes at an interesting time in the world of social media , and more specifically the data that swirls around it . Over the weekend , we saw a huge story break about how the analytics firm Cambridge Analytica was involved in what has amounted to a data scandal : an affiliate working with the firm had used an innocuous-looking research survey to in turn tap into the social graphs and the related data of respondents , by way of Facebook 's API , netting tens of millions of profiles in the process . The fallout is likely to be felt for a long time to come , and may well bring about a new kind of regulation and scrutiny over how personal data is harnessed and used in social networks .
While this is raising a lot of questions already about personal data and social media , DataSift and Meltwater , to be clear , sit at a different section of the data and media continuum . While Meltwater focuses on what 's produced either internally at a business , or by publications and other media companies , DataSift 's currency is the movement of information that 's already being put out onto social networks in public posts , rather than personal details or attributes of users . As Barker describes it , the company has taken an approach that it calls “ privacy by design , ” in which it works only with anonymised data to reach its insights , and that work is not focused on how to use that data to rebuild profiles or “ types ” that can be used to match people back up with ads or other marketing .
The idea will be to bring that together with Meltwater 's existing business to enhance it .
“ By combining advances in machine learning and the vast amount of publicly available information on the internet , you can today understand and track Porter 's Five Forces , ” — a framework for analysing a business ' competitors — “ in real time to understand strategic opportunities and threats for your business . Executives that take advantage of this new opportunity create an unfair information advantage over those who do n't , ” said Jorn Lyseggen , CEO and founder of Meltwater in a statement .
“ DataSift has built a scalable platform that lets developers build data science-driven insights from social firehoses while protecting the privacy of an individual 's data . When combined with the data Meltwater captures and our AI capabilities , developers can disrupt the Business Intelligence space by either building new applications or complementing existing ones with unique signal that can be only derived from external data . ”
All the same , it will be interesting to see what the effects are on businesses like these . For one , DataSift currently is built on the cooperation ( and by the grace ) of social networks — by way of APIs and access to firehoses of data that DataSift and companies like it used to feed their analytics engines . Whether the social media companies decide they would like to try their hands at some of that business themselves , or perhaps get told by regulators that they simply can no longer share information in this way , this leaves companies that are built on that access in a precarious position .
And that 's before you consider the effects of existing legislation like GDPR , which Meltwater says is something the company is built to handle .
“ DataSift 's advanced analytics platform is a great compliment to what we have in house , at a time of growing privacy concerns and regulation such as GDPR , ” said Aditya Jami , Senior Director of Engineering and Head of AI at Meltwater . “ DataSift 's technology will be instrumental… to deliver next generation insights . ”
DataSift in its past had a very notable instance of getting cut off from one of those feeds , and feeling the strong after effects : after years of working closely together and being the main users of Twitter 's firehose of Tweets — access that was brokered when DataSift handed over to Twitter the first third-party website “ retweet ” button to Twitter , created when DataSift was called TweetMeme — Twitter cut off DataSift from its firehose in the wake of a move to beef up its own big-data analytics business .
DataSift eventually regrouped and now works with around 15 partners , including Facebook , LinkedIn and WordPress , but given that its original premise was based around the kind of real-time data that Twitter uniquely provides , it was a big shift for the startup .
Meltwater has had its own scuffles in the past with the third-party services it relies on to make the wheels of its business model turn . Both have moved on from those more spiky years , it seems .
Fast forward to today , the combination of Meltwater and DataSift makes some sense when you think about the evolution of media . The rise of social networking has created another playing field for businesses : they now have a new set of platforms where they can pick up chatter about themselves , and it 's become the hot new place to communicate with customers .
Whether Facebook wants to admit it or not , social networking has become the modern-day descendent of the old-school media industry , and this is one aspect of that . While DataSift was built on trying to better harness and parse chatter from the former , Meltwater was built on the back of media monitoring to essentially provide the same services on the latter .
Sandy Cohen is often lauded as the best parent of The O.C . thanks to their easygoing demeanor and their excellent advice . But let 's face it : Sandy would n't be the dream dad without Kirsten . Not only does Kirsten balance out their lax parenting style by being the tough mom , but she 's a fierce , smart woman who sticks out in a town filled with housewives looking for rich husbands . Sandy 's an amazing dad , but there were so many times on the show when it became clear that Kirsten is such an underrated O.C . character .
Despite their tough persona , Kirsten always manages to see the best in everyone — including Julie Cooper , who repeatedly brings chaos into their life . Throughout the whole show , Kirsten is the confidant that many of the characters need , even helping out Taylor and Theresa along the way . Kirsten 's advice is often just as great as Sandy 's , and sometimes , even better .
Thanks to her , Seth and Ryan go from being absolutely clueless when it comes to women , to being fantastic boyfriends with headstrong , independent women who match Kirsten 's best traits . Also , let 's face it : Sandy would n't have the opportunity to be the great dad they are without being perfectly complemented by their wife 's more serious personality . Here are 11 moments Kirsten proved she 's the best character on The O.C .
1 Them Obsession With Valentine 's Day The Cohens love holidays , but Kirsten 's favorite is Valentine 's Day because it 's Sandy 's chance to go all out and spoil them Who can blame her ?
2 Them Maternal Love For Ryan Giphy Even though Kirsten is n't initially completely sold on the idea of having Ryan stay with the Cohens , they end up considering them a second son and fiercely supports him , threatening to cut off communication with their own father after they insult Ryan . Even Ryan 's biological mother realizes that Kirsten is a better fit as a mom .
3 Them Roles In Helping Julie Cooper Become A Better Person Giphy Julie Cooper 's life throughout the show is pretty much a total disaster . From alienating their own daughter to creating a sex work ring , they do n't have a track record of best decisions . Even though their problematic actions frustrate Kirsten and complicate their pal 's life , Kirsten sticks by Julie and helps them slowly grow into a more responsible adult .
4 Them Love For Business And Strong Work Ethic Giphy Kirsten could easily let their dad manage the business , but their innate drive leads them to prove to Caleb that she 's capable of running things on their own . For awhile , Kirsten is their household 's breadwinner , showing how hard work and independence pay off . And when she 's faced with challenges , particularly brought on by Julie Cooper , she 's always able to bounce back .
5 Them Intense Love For Them Family Giphy Kirsten has the perfect balance of non-stop work and doting motherhood . They once tells Sandy , `` There is n't anything I would n't do for my family , '' and it 's true . Whenever someone poses harm to any of their children or to Sandy , they do everything possible to protect them .
6 Them Relatable Advice To The Show 's Young Women Kirsten does n't just offer motherly advice to Ryan and Seth — they are also there for their romantic partners . Before even discussing their abortion with Sandy , they open up about their experience to Theresa when the young woman is pregnant . They also become a motherly figure to Summer , listening to their woes when they deal with challenges in their relationship with Seth .
7 Them Ability To Work Through Them Marriage 's Lowest Point Giphy Between Kirsten 's alcoholism , as well as the brief affairs both they and Sandy have , their marriage could easily crumble . Instead , Kirsten 's ability to have open conversations with Sandy helps their relationship stay strong .
8 Them Disastrous Cooking Giphy Kirsten not knowing how to cook is super relatable for those of us who are culinarily challenged . Even when their family gives them tons of crap for being bad at cooking , they still set out to prove them wrong .
9 Them Inclusion Of Ryan 's Family Members Ricky Mk on YouTube Even though they become Ryan 's legal guardian , Kirsten always tries to include their family in their life . Kirsten teaches Ryan that it 's OK to have a complicated dynamic with two families and the importance of appreciating one 's relatives , despite how flawed they are .
10 Them Decision To Help Taylor Giphy All the young women of The O.C . have strained relationships with their moms and see Kirsten as a mother figure . For Taylor , in particular , Kirsten helps them tell their mom that they have moved back from France and put their studies on hold . After Taylor is kicked out of the house , Kirsten decides to let them stay with the Cohens . At this point in the show , Kirsten barely knows Taylor , so it 's clear how selfless their decision truly is .
In today 's roundup , PBS obtained distribution rights for the documentary “ Bill Nye : Science Guy , ” and “ MasterChef ” released two online cooking classes .
DEALS
PBS acquired North American distribution rights for “ Bill Nye : Science Guy , ” which premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival in March . The documentary , which follows Nye in their pursuit to ignite a passion for science and science education , will have its broadcast premiere in 2018 on the PBS documentary series POV . “ Bill Nye : Science Guy ” was produced and directed by David Alvarado and Jason Sussberg , produced by Seth Gordon , Kate McLean , and Nick Pampenella , executive produced by Walker Deibel , Mary Rohlich , Henry S. Rosenthal , and Chad Troutwine , and co-executive produced by Andre Gaines .
DIGITAL
“ MasterChef ” announced the launch of “ Cooking with MasterChef , ” a series of online cooking classes with lessons taught by former winners . The paid program provides two exclusive online experiences : “ Homestyle Favorites ” and “ Restaurant Results , ” both taught by season 4 winner Luca Manfé , season 6 winner Claudia Sandoval , and season 7 winner Shaun O'Neale . Each class includes detailed instruction , step-by-step demonstrations , and complete recipes .
EXECUTIVE NEWS
Turner Classic Movies announced two promotions and one hire to its executive team . Richard Steiner was promoted to senior vice president of digital products and services , Lydia Kim was promoted to vice president of business development and strategy , and CJ Bargamian joined as vice president of OTT services for FilmStruck . All three executives are based in Atlanta . In their new role , Steiner will be responsible for all aspects of digital development and strategy for both brands and overseeing the digital components for TCM brand and event initiatives . Kim will develop long-term growth strategies for TCM and FilmStruck and will oversee forecasting and cross-functional coordination between departments . Bargamian will lead the day-to-day operations of FilmStruck , including overseeing consumer outreach , marketing , acquisition , and customer experience .
Layer3 TV added Jeff Gaspin , president of Primary Wave Entertainment and former NBC Television chairperson , to its advisory board . As president of Primary Wave Entertainment , Gaspin oversees a diverse television series portfolio of unscripted and scripted programming across multiple genres and platforms . After their career at NBC , Gaspin formed Gaspin Media , a production and consulting firm , joined the advisory board of TowerBrook Capital and co-founded TAPP TV , a subscription-based online television network . He 's also held board seats on NCTA , A & E Networks and the Paley Center for Media .
Khloe Kardashian is allegedly confused as to what to do following their boyfriend Tristan Thompson 's alleged cheating scandal .
The 33-year-old reality star and their NBA star beau welcomed their first child , a daughter named True , into the world almost two weeks ago , but just days before their birth their relationship was put under strain when a video emerged seemingly depicting Tristan leaning in for a kiss with a mystery woman .
Now , sources have claimed that Khloe is not in `` denial '' about the situation , but is n't sure what to do , as she 's still trying to `` process '' the allegations .
An insider said : `` She 's not in a bubble of denial . They know what 's going on and is still trying to process it , but so far , she 's managed to move past it and look forward .
`` Khloe is very settled in Cleveland right now and is planning on staying another few weeks to a month at least . Of course , that could change , especially since every day there seems to be more stories [ coming ] out about Tristan . ''
The allegations against Tristan have reportedly caused the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' star 's family and friends to become concerned , but sources say they do n't want to approach Khloe about them for fear of being `` cut off by her '' .
The source added to 'Entertainment Tonight ' : `` Her friends and family are learning all these new details and it 's hard to know what 's just someone trying to cash in and what is true . It 's tough to know what , if anything , to tell Khloe .
`` If a friend tells Khloe that they heard about another cheating story , they risk being cut off by them She 's stuck by their man in the past , so it does n't even seem worth it to fill them in on all the details . ''
Meanwhile , it was recently revealed that Khloe still `` loves '' Tristan , 27 , but is focusing their energy on their daughter .
A source said : `` Khloe loves them deeply . They are the father of their child , but they feel betrayed and blindsided . Khloe 's main focus is being a mother and figuring out what is best for True . ''
Federer makes smooth return to action in Hopman Cup
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017 , 17:16 IST
REUTERS - Roger Federer showed no signs of rust in their first competitive match for six months when they outclassed Dan Evans 6-3 6-4 at the Hopman Cup on Monday .
The 17-times grand slam winner underwent knee surgery in February and , after missing the French Open with a back injury , announced in July that they needed extensive rehabilitation and would be sidelined for the rest of the season .
Federer walked out to a standing ovation from more than 13,500 fans at the Perth Arena and breezed to an easy win over Evans , putting Switzerland 1-0 ahead in their match against Britain in the mixed team event .
`` The standing ovation coming in , it was very special . I 'm here now enjoying and looking forward to the week of course , '' the 35-year-old said in a courtside interview .
Asked what keeps them going , Federer said ; `` I guess it depends also on how you get hurt . I got hurt filling up a bath for my children . It 's not really the way I wanted to leave this game . ''
The former world number one , who has slipped to 16th in the rankings , said they enjoyed the time out but had started to miss tennis .
`` You ca n't be more happy to return back on a Centre Court , taping your ankles , tying your shoes and walking out and getting that kind of welcome , '' they said .
Federer has not won a grand slam title since Wimbledon in 2012 .
`` It would be nice to win another one , of course I 'd even take two-three-four , '' they said .
`` It 's tough at the top . A lot of good guys are there right now , a lot of young guys are coming up too . The gap 's definitely not very big but I gave it chance . Let 's see what happens . ''
( Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi , editing by Ed Osmond )
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - Nine young men were shot dead overnight in post election violence in Nairobi 's Mathare slum and have been brought to the city morgue , a security official told Reuters on Saturday .
The official , who did not want to be named , said they understood the men had been shot by police in anti-looting operations .
All babies in Scotland due from tomorrow ( August 15 ) will be gifted a Box full of essential items aimed at tackling inequality and promoting health .
The boxes are a strong signal of the Scottish Government 's determination that every child , regardless of their circumstances should get the best start in life .
Each Baby Box contains a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health . The Box itself also doubles up as a safe sleep space , awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for domestic use .
Mark McDonald Minister for Childcare and Early Years said : “ We are committed to doing everything we can to give every baby born in Scotland the best possible start in life and the Baby Box is just one of the range of measures we are using to help babies and parents thrive in the crucial early months .
“ The Box includes a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health . It can also be used as a safe sleep space and has been awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for use at home .
“ We will continue to listen to feedback as the Baby Box reaches more families and work with parents and healthcare professionals to keep the contents under review .
“ The national roll-out is the result of months of hard work and engagement with healthcare professionals , stakeholders and parents and I would like to thank everyone involved in helping us reach this momentous occasion .
“ The Baby Box has certainly captured the public 's imagination and we are extremely proud to introduce it to Scotland . ”
Chief Medical Officer Dr Catherine Calderwood said : “ All the evidence shows that the early years are crucial for children 's development . What happens then can be linked to outcomes much later in life . So we know that measures undertaken in the 0-3 years age range have the opportunity to make the biggest impact .
“ That is why we have been working hard to enhance the existing infrastructure available to support families in these crucial early years from before birth all the way up to school age and beyond .
“ Over and above the practical benefits the items within the Baby Box provide , the box itself also offers healthcare professionals a unique opportunity to introduce expectant parents to a wide range of health promotion information . ”
All babies due on or after 15 August will be eligible for a Baby Box .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - CyberAgent Inc
* Says it sets the conversion price at 6,460 yen per share for the 2023 due euro-yen denominated convertible bonds with warrants
* Says it sets the conversion price at 6,270 yen per share for the 2025 due euro-yen denominated convertible bonds with warrants
* The previous plan was disclosed on Feb. 1
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/bW7g6D
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Another large entry of 1,377 cattle on offer at Clogher Mart this week again sold to a strong demand especially for quality lots in all sections .
In the fatstock ring beef cows sold to record prices with a 1,000kg Belgian Blue selling to £236 per 100kg totalling ( £2,360 ) , 850kg Belgian Blue to £193 , 690kg Limousin to £192 and 860kg Charolais to £192 .
Cow heifers sold to £210 for a 630kg Limousin , £204 for a 590kg Charolais , £204 for a 510kg Limousin and £203 for a 540kg Limousin .
Well fleshed Friesian cows sold to £133 per 100kg and the top twenty average this week for cows and cow heifers rose to £193 per 100kg .
LEADING PRICES IN THIS SECTION : Fivemiletown producer 1,000kg Belgian Blue to £236 . Augher producer 630kg Limousin to £210 . Brookeborough producer 590kg Charolais to £204 . Rosslea producer 510kg Limousin to £204 610kg Belgian Blue to £193 and 530kg Saler to £189 . Portadown producer 540kg Limousin to £203 and 660kg Charolais to £190 . Pomeroy producer 600kg Limousin to £203 . Augher producer 610kg Simmental to £194 . Strabane producer 850kg Belgian Blue to £193 . Plumbridge producer 660kg Limousin to £193 and 690kg Limousin to £192 . Fivemiletown producer 860kg Charolais to £192 . Ballygawley producer 600kg Limousin to £189 . Dunmoyle producer 650kg Limousin to £188 . Armagh producer 630kg Limousin to £187 . Fivemiletown producer 630kg Limousin to £185 . Portadown producer 520kg Limousin to £183 . Aghalane producer 580kg Aberdeen Angus to £183 .
Other quality lots sold from £140 to £180 per 100kg .
Second quality lots sold from £115 to £137 per 100kg .
Well fleshed Friesian cows sold from £126 to £133 per 100kg .
Plainer lots sold from £84 to £112 per 100kg .
Poorer types sold from £58 to £78 per 100kg .
FAT BULLS : 970kg Limousin to £150 . 610kg Limousin to £142 . 1,170kg Charolais to £141 . 820kg Hereford to £138 . 1,080kg Limousin to £137 . 920kg Charolais to £134 . 1,110kg Charolais to £129 . 880kg Simmental to £124 . 860kg Charolais to £124 . 930kg Charolais to £122 .
FAT STEERS ( overage ) : 710kg Limousin to £186 . 590kg Charolais to £184 . 630kg Charolais to £183 . 730kg Simmental to £180 . 580kg Limousin to £178 . 620kg Limousin to £175 . 580kg Aberdeen Angus to £170 . 810kg Friesian to £170 . 610kg Friesian to £159 . 640kg Friesian to £150 . 530kg Shorthorn dairy . to £147 . 520kg Jersey to £145 . 510kg Jersey to £143 . 540kg Jersey to £140 . 540kg Belgian Blue to £232 . 730kg Charolais to £229 . 530kg Charolais to £217 . 650kg Charolais to £213 . 560kg Charolais to £213 . 680kg Aberdeen Angus to £185 . 670kg Limousin to £185 . 470kg Aberdeen Angus to £184 . 670kg Friesian to £160 . 580kg Friesian to £146 . 530kg Friesian to £146 . Other Friesians sold from £128 to £140 per 100kg .
FAT HEIFERS ( underage ) : 630kg Aberdeen Angus to £202 . 520kg Charolais to £199 . 480kg Limousin to £199 . 560kg Limousin to £198 . 580kg Charolais to £194 . 640kg Charolais to £193 . 490kg Limousin to £189 . 490kg Charolais to £186 . 520kg Aberdeen Angus to £168 . 460kg Holstein to £156 .
STORE BULLOCKS ( 246 ) : A brisk demand in this section with forward lots selling to £1,590 for a 780kg Charolais , £1,500 for a 760kg Charolais and £1,435 for a 690kg Charolais to Peter Quinn , Dungannon . T A Willis , Dungannon sold 720kg Charolais to £1,550 , 690kg Charolais to £1,545 , 720kg Charolais to £1,505 , 730kg Charolais to £1,500 , 650kg Limousin to £1,480 , 660kg Charolais to £1,470 , 690kg Charolais to £1,460 and 650kg Lim . to £1445 . Augher Producer 760kg Ch . to £1530 , 730kg Ch . to £1520 , 660kg Charolais to £1,460 and 660kg Charolais to £1,455 . R and N Lavery , Portadown 690kg Charolais to £1,490 , 700kg Limousin to £1,490 and 660kg Charolais to £1,470 . G and J Edwards , Dungannon 700kg Belgian Blue to £1,455 . S McGlinchey , Dungannon 650kg Limousin to £1,425 .
MED WEIGHT STORES 410KG TO 500KG : D Leonard Magheraveely 460kg Limousin to £1,100 . V Terris , Armagh 480kg Limousin to £1,085 , 480kg Charolais to £980 and 450kg Charolais to £955 . P McKenna , Ballygawley 490kg Limousin to £1,080 , 490kg Limousin to £1,080 , 500kg Limousin to £1,000 . S Trouton , Portadown 490kg Limousin to £1,045 and 490kg Charolais to £995 . F McStay , Lurgan 470kg Charolais to £990 , 460kg Limousin to £980 , 450kg Charolais to £980 and 440kg Charolais to £965 . L Donnelly , Galbally 440kg Limousin to £985 and 410kg Limousin to £970 . P J McCullagh , Omagh 450kg Charolais to £975 . G Steen , Dungannon 470kg Charolais to £960 and 470kg Simmental to £950 .
SMALLER SORTS 400KGF & UNDER : D H Parr , Aughnacloy 390kg Aberdeen Angus to £945 . K McAleer , Pomeroy 340kg Fleckvieh to £650 , 300kg Jersey to £540 . H B and R Cuddy , Dungannon 330kg Friesian to £375 .
STORE HEIFERS ( 156 ) : A good entry sold easily to a brisk demand with Pat Corrigan , Dungannon selling a 670kg Charolais to £1,465 ( £218 ) . J McMinn , Dungannon 630kg Charolais to £1,395 ( £221 ) and 580kg Limousin to £1,380 ( £238 ) . W S Hall , Magheraveely 630kg Charolais to £1,370 ( £217 ) , 580kg Charolais to £1,330 , 580kg Charolais to £1,320 twice , 580kg Charolais to £1,305 , 600kg Charolais to £1,290 , 560kg Charolais to £1,270 and 560kg Charolais to £1,265 . B Pryce , Rosslea 610kg Limousin to £1360 . L Potts , Dungannon 580kg Charolais to £1,335 . Geo Potts , Dungannon 560kg Shorthorn to £1,330 , 580kg Charolais to £1,300 , 550kg Limousin to £1,300 , and 580kg Charolais to £1,280 . Keith Caldwell , Fivemiletown 560kg Limousin to £1,305 . Walter Hogg , Fivemiletown 580kg Charolais to £1,280 . Wm Smiton Fintona 580kg Charolais to £1,275 .
MED WEIGHT STORES 410KG TO 500KG : Wm Smiton , Fintona 460kg Charolais to £1,130 . Walter Hogg , Fivemiletown 480kg Limousin to £1,070 . J and F McCaffery , Derrylin 450kg Charolais to £1,070 . P Flannigan , Rosslea 460kg Charolais to £1,065 , 450kg Charolais to £1,050 , 430kg Limousin to £1,025 , 420kg Charolais to £1,010 , 450kg Charolais to £980 , 440kg Charolais to £940 , 430kg Charolais to £930 and 460kg Charolais to £905 . J McCann , Coalisland 490kg Limousin to £1060 . B F McMahon , Fivemiletown 490kg Blonde D'Aquitaine to £1,020 . E Askin , Ballygawley 480kg Charolais to £1,015 , 450kg Charolais to £1,010 and 490kg Charolais to £975 . Peter Tally , Dungannon 430kg Limousin to £1,005 . B Pryce , Rosslea 430kg Limousin to £925 .
SMALLER SORTS 400KG & UNDER : K J Parsons , Tempo 380kg Charolais to £880 and 370kg Aberdeen Angus to £695 . Bureau Aughnacloy 400kg Herereford to £810 , 360kg Charolais to £755 , 350kg Charolais to £750 , 330kg Limousin to £745 , 350kg Limousin to £700 and 330kg Limousin to £680 . P Shannon , Lisnaskea 390kg Limousin to £810 D H Parr , Aughnacloy 390kg Aberdeen Angus to £770 and 390kg Limousin to £700 . P Flannigan , Rosslea 360kg Charolais to £750 . C A McAninley , Dungannon 380kg Charolais to £700 . P Conlon , Benburb 360kg Charolais to £660 . D L Morrison , Lisnaskea 310kg Charolais to £635 .
WEANLINGS : A very strong demand in this section with steers and bulls selling to £1,200 for a 380kg Charolais ( £316 ) to M Gallagher Omagh . Co Down producer 450kg Charolais to £1,125 ( £250 ) , 440kg Charolais to £1,060 , 450kg Charolais to £1,055 , 460kg Charolais to £1,050 , 440kg Charolais to £1,000 , 400kg Charolais to £960 twice and 410kg Charaolais to £925 . O Gillespie , Ballygawley 460kg Charaolais to £995 , 380kg Limousin to £960 , and 400kg Charolais to £910 . J Mullan , Benburb producer 370kg Charolais to £990 and 380kg Charolais to £970 . S Cousins , Omagh 380kg Charolais to £985 . C Breen , Kinawley 380kg Limousin to £965 . T Donnelly , Augher 410kg Simmental to £950 .
WEANLING HEIFERS : M G Donnelly , Augher 520kg Charolais to £1,040 , 460kg Limousin to £960 , 430kg Charolais to £925 , 400kg Charolais to £900 , 400kg Limousin to £880 and 440kg Charolais to £820 . Gary J McKenna , Clogher 440kg Charolais to £1,015 , 430kg Charolais to £965 , 440kg Charolais to £940 , 380kg Charolais to £925 and 320kg Charolais to £800 . O McAnespie , Ballygawley 380kg Charolais to £930 and 320kg Limousin to £810 . E McCaughey , Fintona 380kg Limousin to £900 and 390kg Simmental to £875 . A and A Armstrong , Tempo 460kg Charolais to £880 . Keady producer 360kg Limousin to £875 . T Donnelly , Augher 340kg Simmental to £870 . M McCaughey , Trillick 340kg Charolais to £820 . J Mullan , Dungannon 340kg Charolais to £800 .
DAIRY COWS & HEIFERS : A larger entry sold to a brisk demand with Mary Harte , Pomeroy selling calved heifers to £1,410 and £1,200 . J Greaves , Derrylin sold a fourth calver to £1,305 . S Mullan , Beragh sold a selection of calved cows calved six to eight weeks to £1,240 , £1,160 , £1,060 , £990 , £950 , £880 with a springing heifer to £1,420 . More of these cows on offer Saturday , August 19th . G McGinnitty , Derrynoose sold AI maiden heifers to £825 each .
BREEDING BULLS : Representatives of the late Alan Pepper £1,710 for pedigree registered Simmental . N J Robinson £1,240 for pedigree non registered Charolais .
SUCKLER COWS & CALVES ( 146 lots ) : A massive entry this week sold readily for a lot of quality stock on offer sale included a dispersal sale for the representatives of the late Alan Pepper , Co Down and a Pomeroy producer . Leading prices : Representatives of the late Alan Pepper second calver and bull calf £2,470 , 08 cow and heifer calfs £1,850 , £1,825 for 2010 cow and bull calf , £1,820 for 2011 cow and bull calf , £1,800 for heifer and bull calf , £1,645 for heifer and bull calf , £1,640 for heifer and bull calf , £1,550 for 07 cow and heifer calfs , £1,510 for 2011 cow and heifer calf . M/S B P and M Quinn , Pomeroy £2,070 for heifer and bull calf . E O'Neill , Dungannon £1,710 for heifer and bull calf , £1,655 for heifer and heifer calf , £1,630 for heifer and bull calf . R Murphy , Pomeroy £1,700 for heifer and bull calf , £1,675 for second calver and bull calf , £1,665 for 2010 cow and bull calf , £1,600 for 09 cow and heifer calfs , £1,530 for 2010 cow and bull calf . G A Mitchell , Dungannon £1,600 for 08 cow and bull calfs . A large selection of other outfits sold from £1,010 to £1,505 . Incalf heifers sold to £1,170 . A selection of Simmental , Shorthorn and Limousin maiden heifers sold £850 , £880 , £910 , £1140 and £1,205 .
DROPPED CALVES & REARED CALVES : A very keen demand for a large entry this week again with bull calves ( under 2 months ) selling to £600 for a Charolauis , £450 and £400 for Fleckviehs to an Omagh producer . B Cassidy , Derrylin £545 for Limousin . Mountview Cattle , Dungannon 460 and £400 for Charolais . W R Adams , Fivemiletown £435 and £365 for Charolais . P Byers , Fivemiletown £420 for Limousin . O Gillespie , Ballygawley £390 for Limousin . J Conway , Omagh £390 for Simmental . S Gormley , Augher £355 for Limousin .
HEIFER CALVES : I Gillespie , Ballygawley £460 for Limousin . Dungannon producer £455 £440 and £435 for Charolais . Clogher poducer £425 , £420 , £415 and £405 for Limousins . J Brownlee , Fermanagh £375 for Limousin . O P Donnelly , Augher £370 for Simmental . K and A Veitch , Lisbellaw £360 for Belgian Blue . W R Adams , Fivemiletown £345 for Charolais .
REARED BULLS : Mountview Cattle , Dungannon £680 for Limousin . I Gillespie , Ballygawley £645 for Limousin . M McGovern , Newtownbutler £635 twice and £575 for Charolais . Fermanagh producer £620 for Aberdeen Angus . D E Hicks , Ballinamallard £605 for Charolais . C McDonnell , Brookeborough £600 for Charolais . K McKee , Keady £575 for Limousin . D Simpson , Aughnacloy £570 for Charolais . C Loughran , Pomeroy £570 for Belgian Blue and £535 for Limousin . S McDonald , Omagh £475 and £470 for Simmentals .
REARED HEIFERS : Emmett Kelly , Augher £750 for Limousin and £640 for Charolais . J Keys , Clogher £670 and £640 for Limousins and £600 for Charolais . Augher producer £640 for Aberdeen Angus and £470 for Charolais . R Simpson , Aughnacloy £630 for Limousin . Fermanagh producer £615 twice for Charolais . W Breadon , Clogher £600 for Limousin . Coalisland producer £520 for Limousin . S McDonald , Omagh £490 for Simmental .
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville , Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd .
3 killed , 2 injured in shooting at San Francisco UPS facility
Three people have been killed and two more were injured after a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco Wednesday morning , according to police .
The shooter died on the scene from a self-inflicted gunshot wound as well , San Francisco Police Assistant Chief Toney Chaplin said in a news conference .
San Francisco police responded to the shooting around 8:55 a.m. , Chaplin said . The UPS facility is located near 17th Street and San Bruno Avenue , ABC San Francisco station KGO reported . Police are currently conducting a search of the building , they said .
When police arrived , they determined that the suspect was inside the building and began evacuations , Chaplin said .
An officer then located the suspect , who put their gun to their head and shot himself , Chaplin said .
Two firearms were recovered at the scene , Chaplin said . It is unclear if any of the victims were targeted , but Chaplin said they do not believe the case to be linked to terrorism . A motive has not yet been determined .
Police have not released the identities of the suspect or the victims . The suspect was dressed in a UPS uniform , but police have not confirmed that they are a UPS employee , Chaplin said .
Investigators are interviewing “ dozens and dozens ” of witnesses who were inside of the building , Chaplin said . Several people who were on site at the time of the shooting are not UPS employees , they added .
UPS confirmed in a statement that there was an incident involving employees Wednesday morning . The company is cooperating with law enforcement , it said . The facility is an area package sorting hub and package delivery center , UPS said .
Our thoughts are with those affected by today 's tragic incident at a UPS facility in San Francisco . https : //t.co/4XC32AoLFn — UPS ( @ UPS ) June 14 , 2017
Police asked people in the area to shelter in place .
# SFPD PIO Media staging area has been moved to Mariposa & Utah Streets . # SF — San Francisco Police ( @ SFPD ) June 14 , 2017
ATF also responded to the scene .
ABC News ' Michael Kreisel and Alex Stone contributed to this report .
WORCESTER - The Worcester Railers HC ( 18-19-4-2 , 42pts ) dropped a disappointing 3-2 overtime game to the visiting Adirondack Thunder ( 26-17-2-2 , 56pts ) in front of 3,512 fans at the DCU Center on Friday evening . The Railers eleven game homestand continues on Saturday , Feb 3 at 7:05pm on a BIG GAME SATURDAY on TRAX 's Birthday with the first 3,000 fans receiving an Ashton Rome bobble presented by BlueRock Energy .
Matt Lane ( 1-1-2 ) and Jeff Kubiak scored for the Railers while Eamon McAdam made 29 saves in net as Worcester fell to 3-3-1-0 on their season long eleven game homestand . The Thunder scored twice in the third period to force overtime before Colton White ( 2nd ) completed the Thunder comeback at 1:35 of the overtime period .
Neither team generated a lot of energy or grade A scoring chances in the opening but the Railers struck with a lucky bounce with 100 seconds remaining in the period . Matt Lane ( 6th ) deflected a Yanick Turcotte rebound from off the end wall that found its way through rookie netminder Tomas Sholl . Shots were 10-7 Railers through 20 minutes of play as Worcester took a 1-0 lead into the first intermission .
Railers rookie Jeff Kubiak ( 6th ) scored in their second straight game as they grabbed their first professional power play goal with a loose rebound on top of the crease at 9:36 with Ben Masella and Matt Lane picking up the assists . Eamon McAdam had 18 saves through 40 minutes of play as the Railers took a 2-0 advantage into the second intermission .
Desmond Bergin ( 10th ) began the Adirondack comeback with a rush down the right side and a tough angle shot from on top of the Railers crease at 5:31 of the third period to cut the Railers lead to 2-1 . After Worcester failed to clear the puck , Andrew Radjenovic ( 6th ) fired a shot from 50 feet through a screen and past Eamon McAdam at 15:08 to tie the score at 2-2 . Shots were 37-31 in favor of the Railers through 60 minutes of play as the game headed to overtime .
Ben Masella and Nick Saracino had a chance to win the game in overtime but Tomas Sholl stood their ground in the Thunder net . Defenseman Colton White ( 2nd ) won the game for the Thunder with a rush down the left side and a shot from the left circle that beat McAdam through the pads at 1:35 to give Adirondack the 3-2 win .
Notes : Three Stars : 3rd star : Andrew Radjenovic ( Goal ) 2nd star : Matt Lane ( 1-1-2 ) 1st star : Colton White ( OTG ) ... Final shots were 38-32 in favor of Worcester ... Tomas Sholl ( 1-0-0 ) made 36 saves on 38 shots for Adirondack for their first ECHL win .... Eamon McAdam ( 10-9-6 ) made 29 saves on 32 shots for Worcester ... Joe Spagnoli was the backup goalie ( on an emergency basis ) .... Worcester went 1-for-5 on the power play while Adirondack went 0-for-2 ... Josh Monk ( inj ) , Ashton Rome ( inj ) , TJ Syner , Tommy Kelley did not dress for Worcester ... Kellen Jones and Mike Cornell are currently on recall with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers while Mitch Gillam is with Utica ... Worcester fell to 9-10-2-0 on home ice .... Woody Hudson picked up their second assist of the season .... The Railers fell to 1W-4L in overtime and 2-W-6L in games decided past regulation ... Jeff Kubiak has three points ( 2-1-3 ) in their last two games .
What 's on track ?
On Saturday , Feb 3 the Railers host the Brampton Beast . Celebrate TRAX 's birthday with the first 3,000 fans receiving an Ashton Rome bobblehead presented by BlueRock Energy . Several mascots will help TRAX celebrate their birthday as the Railers eleven game home stand continues .
The Google Play Store is home to tons of different podcast apps , but for whatever reason , Google still does n't offer an out-of-the-box solution for Android . Sure , you can listen to them with Play Music , but the experience is embarrassingly barebones and leaves a lot to be desired . Thankfully , it looks like this is starting to change .
First spotted by Android Police , searching for a podcast from the Google app or from the Google Search widget and tapping on the `` More episodes '' tab will take you to a brand-new page dedicated for that podcast . You can subscribe to it , view past episodes , and add an icon for it right to your home screen .
However , that 's just the tip of the iceberg . If you tap on the icon at the very top left , you 're taken to screen titled `` Podcasts '' that shows any podcasts you 're subscribed to , top and trending ones , top podcasts by category , and a card for continuing podcasts you were previously listening to .
Tapping the three dots in the top right lets you add a shortcut to this page on your home screen and change how your subscriptions appear at the top of it .
Once you start playing a podcast , you 'll have controls for play/pause , jump 10 seconds back or 30 seconds forward , set the playback speed anywhere from 0.5x to 2x , and jump to any part in the episode using the progress bar .
This new podcasts page does n't appear to be entirely rolled out just yet , but I 've been able to use it just fine on my end . It 's not quite as feature-rich as something like Pocket Casts , but it 's already world 's better than what 's offered with Play Music .
Do you have access to this new podcasts page yet ? If so , is it something you think you 'll use ? Let me know in the comments below !
Google Play Instant allows you to play games before downloading them
Roseanne Barr Says Ambien Played Role In Racist Tweet That Spiked Them Show 's Reboot
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images
Roseanne Barr says they were `` Ambien tweeting '' at 2 in the morning when they posted a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett , a former senior adviser in the Obama White House , that caused ABC to cancel their TV show .
The reboot of Barr 's eponymous TV show was canceled Tuesday after one season . ABC Entertainment 's president announced the network was pulling the plug after Barr tweeted that Jarrett , who now serves on several corporate boards and is a senior fellow at the University of Chicago Law School , is the product of the `` muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes . ''
Barr said shortly before 10:30 a.m. Tuesday : `` I apologize . I am now leaving Twitter . '' They then sent dozens of tweets in which they apologized and offered up a number of reasons for their offensive comment .
`` It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — I went 2 far & do not want it defended , '' Barr said in a tweet Tuesday night .
They also said they believed Jarrett was Saudi or Jewish or Persian , rather than black . But when they invoked the sleep aid , their critics pounced .
From Ragnorak Lobster , on Twitter :
`` AMBIEN SIDE EFFECTS : Peddling bizarre conspiracy theories , voting for white nationalists , doing photo shoots while dressed as Hitler and tanking your career by calling black women apes . If your racism lasts longer than four hours , please see a doctor . ''
Ambien 's manufacturer , Sanofi-Aventis , responded to the news on Wednesday , saying via Twitter , `` While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ''
Listing Ambien 's actual side effects on its website , the company 's warnings and precautions for Ambien include a section on `` Abnormal Thinking and Behavioral Changes '' — saying the side effects can include a lack of inhibition .
Sanofi-Aventis also tells people to stop taking Ambien if they find themselves performing complex behaviors — like making phone calls or driving a car — without being fully awake .
`` It can rarely be determined with certainty whether a particular instance of the abnormal behaviors listed above is drug induced , spontaneous in origin , or a result of an underlying psychiatric or physical disorder , '' the company says .
Later , Barr denied that they were putting the blame on Ambien , saying it was `` just an explanation not an excuse . ''
On Wednesday morning , Barr replied to one critic on Twitter , `` Yes , I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do . I BLAME MYSELF OK ? ''
With the Roseanne show canceled , others who were involved with the project weighed in on the star 's comments — including Sara Gilbert , who had been executive producer on the reboot .
Gilbert said the remarks are `` abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show , '' adding that they are disappointed in their longtime friend and colleague .
In their initial response to that tweet , Barr said , `` Wow ! unreal . ''
But on Wednesday , they took a softer stance , coming to Gilbert 's defense after one of their followers sent a critical tweet .
`` No , I understand their position and why they said what they said , '' Barr said . They added that they forgive Gilbert , saying , `` It just shocked me a bit , but I indeed [ f * * * * * ] up . ''
In addition to their remark about Jarrett , Barr is also being criticized over their recent attacks on both Chelsea Clinton and billionaire George Soros , who is a prominent donor to Democratic campaigns . On Monday , Barr regurgitated a rumor that Clinton had married a nephew of Soros — a rumor that was popularized by actor and Trump supporter Scott Baio shortly before the 2016 presidential election .
Clinton replied to Barr early Tuesday , `` Good morning Roseanne — my given middle name is Victoria . I imagine George Soros 's nephews are lovely people . I 'm just not married to one . ''
Barr apologized but then followed it up by repeating another conspiracy theory — that Soros and their father worked with Nazis during World War II ( a rumor that has been debunked and that Soros denounced again yesterday ) .
On Wednesday morning , Barr also invoked President Trump . Barr said , `` i feel bad for @ POTUS-he goes thru this every single day . ''
In addition to the cancellation of their rebooted show , reruns of the original program , which ran for much of the 1990s , were pulled by Viacom .
MINNEAPOLIS — Military Humvees , officers in combat gear and the occasional F-16 flying over downtown Minneapolis are all part of the beefed up security measures that come with hosting the Super Bowl . But those images can be scary for some immigrants and refugees who are worried about terrorism , deportation or even a war they ca n't forget .
A special team with the city of Minneapolis has been working for weeks to reassure immigrant communities that all the extra muscle is here to keep them safe . The team is reaching out through radio and television broadcasts , social media and in-person meetings with elders and community members . The goal is to keep communities informed about everything from security to transportation issues , and let them know they can also participate in the fun .
`` It 's a welcoming place ... for people to come downtown and enjoy , '' said Michael Yang , a southeast Asian community specialist with the city . `` You should n't have to fear anything . ''
Minnesota has been a welcoming state for immigrants over the last several decades , thanks in part to its social service programs . The state is home to the largest Somali community in the U.S. , roughly 57,000 people according to the latest census figures , most of whom live in the Minneapolis area . The state also has the second-highest Hmong population , behind California .
The team of community specialists in Minneapolis does outreach in immigrant communities all year , but is working with more partners and intensifying efforts in the lead-up to the Super Bowl . Officials believe they have created a model for future Super Bowls or other large events . Among other things , the team is broadcasting weekly radio programs in Spanish , Somali and Hmong and is contracting with others to share social media messages in Spanish , Hmong , Somali , Vietnamese , Oromo and Lao .
The messages are being tailored to each community because while one community might believe armed guards are preventing a terror attack , another might see those same officers as an immigration raid .
`` Every community has their own take on the event and their own fears and concerns and we address them by giving them the right information , telling them what 's going on , '' said Rose Lindsay with the community relations unit in the Joint Information Center set up for the Super Bowl .
Yang said that even though Hmong immigrants have been in Minnesota for decades , images of the war they left behind are still fresh . Some people he 's met tell them that the armed officers remind them of the military taking over the streets of Laos . Others expressed concern about helicopters or other aircraft flying overhead , saying it reminds them of enemy aircraft .
`` With some members of the Hmong community , people are really fearful that there is war , '' they said .
The Hmong have also expressed fear of a terrorist attack or hate crimes , and weeks ago elders were asking families to stay away from the Super Bowl activities . Yang said their work has helped ease fears . Other team members agree .
DUBAI/RIYADH/LONDON ( Reuters ) - Saudi Arabia favours New York for the main foreign listing of state oil giant Aramco , even though some financial and legal advisers have recommended London as a less problematic and risky option , people familiar with the matter told Reuters .
A final decision on where to stage what could be the world 's largest initial public offering will be taken by Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman - or MbS as they are known - who oversees the kingdom 's economic and energy policies , the sources said .
Their comments point to internal disagreements between what some advisers are recommending and what the crown prince wants .
Prince Mohammad may choose to list Aramco on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) for `` political considerations '' , given the longstanding relationship between Riyadh and Washington , the sources said . However , they added that financial and commercial factors would also play a role in the choice .
Aramco said in a statement that no decision has been taken yet on the listing venue , beyond the Saudi exchange Tadawul . `` All options continue to be held under consideration . There is no timetable requirement for an immediate definitive decision , '' Aramco said in response to a Reuters request for comment .
Selling around five percent of Aramco by next year is a centrepiece of Vision 2030 , an ambitious reform plan to diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil which is championed by Prince Mohammad .
Several advisers have recommended London for the main listing outside Saudi Arabia , sources familiar with the matter told Reuters last month , partly due to concerns that a U.S. flotation would require greater disclosure of sensitive information on Aramco .
One senior industry source , however , said New York is likely to be the favoured option for the Saudi government and Prince Mohammad . `` That is broadly correct , '' the source said , adding : `` All awaits on the final shareholder decision . ''
Apart from New York and London , Hong Kong is also a contender , sources say . The flotation is expected to raise tens of billions of dollars which would be invested to help develop other Saudi industries .
The New York and London stock exchanges declined to comment .
Exchanges are vying to win part of the flotation as it will bring a major boost to their trading volumes , and will be likely to help them win listings from other Gulf states which are looking to part-privatise their commodity assets .
But the Aramco plan has created some public misgivings that Riyadh is relinquishing its crown jewels to foreigners cheaply at a time of low oil prices . Some Aramco employees secretly wish the whole idea would be shelved , sources say .
Apart from choosing an exchange , no decision has been made either on exactly which assets will be floated , or what Aramco 's internal organisational structure would look like after listing , the sources say .
One of the main issues being discussed internally is the valuation . Prince Mohammed has said the IPO will value Aramco at a minimum of $ 2 trillion , although some analysts ' estimates are between $ 1 trillion and $ 1.5 trillion .
Though listing on the New York market would mean access to more liquidity , this would bring greater scrutiny to Aramco 's estimates of proven energy reserves and future oil prices , as well as its demand forecasts , all of which play a major role in the company 's valuation , another industry source said .
A view shows Saudi Aramco 's Wasit Gas Plant , Saudi Arabia December 8 , 2014 . Saudi Aramco/Handout via REUTERS
For the valuation , much depends on the outlook for oil prices , which are currently only half what they were three years ago .
`` That 's why Saudi Arabia needs a higher oil price for the IPO now , to get a better value for Aramco , '' the source said .
The back-and-forth internal talks between the crown prince , Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih , Aramco management and the many financial and legal advisers on some of these main decisions have raised speculation that the listing , which is expected to be in the second half of 2018 , could be pushed further out .
`` They are still studying . When all is settled , they will present all options to MbS , '' said one industry source .
JASTA RISK
Aramco 's lawyers caution about litigation risks associated with the U.S. Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act ( JASTA ) , two sources said .
That law , passed last September , allowed lawsuits to proceed against the Saudi government claiming it had helped to plan the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States and should pay damages to victims . Riyadh denies the allegations .
Finance Minister Mohammed al-Jadaan , a lawyer by training , is most attuned to the legal risk of the four senior government officials advising the crown prince on the listing decision , the source said .
Falih , who is also Aramco 's chairperson , Economy and Planning Minister Adel Fakieh and Public Investment Fund Managing Director Yasir al-Rumayyan are the other members of the crown prince 's advisory committee , the source said , without elaborating on their views .
The Finance Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on the views of Jadaan .
Saudi industry sources dismissed JASTA as a reason for not listing in New York , noting that Saudi Arabia is believed to have hundreds of billions of dollars of investments in the United States already , including Aramco assets .
They say the difficulty is related more to the disclosure process and complex regulations in New York . These may legally interfere with the sovereignty of the Saudi government , which would remain the major shareholder of Aramco after the flotation .
While the London Stock Exchange has made winning the Aramco listing a priority , the NYSE has not offered any regulatory changes , a source familiar with talks between NYSE and Aramco told Reuters last month .
Britain 's Financial Conduct Authority has proposed creating a new `` premium '' listing category for companies controlled by sovereign states which would exempt them from certain regulatory requirements . The new rules are due to be published towards the end of this year .
Staff Reporter
Karachi
An Extraordinary General Meeting ( EOGM ) of Bank Alfalah Limited was held on 27th May 2018 at Karachi , in order to elect nine directors of the Bank for a term of three years . The EOGM was attended by the shareholders , directors and senior management of the bank .
The elected Board of Directors includes Sheikh Nahayan Mabarak Al Nahayan , Abdulla Nasser Hawaileel Al Mansoori , Abdulla Khalil Al Mutawa , Khalid ManaSaeed Al Otaiba , Efstratios Georgios Arapoglou , Dr Ayesha Khan , GyorgyTamasLadics , Shehzad Naqvi and Nauman Ansari ( President and CEO ) . All those elected will hold their positions for a period of three years , subject to approval from State Bank Pakistan .
Members of Bank Alfalah 's senior management were also present , including Mian Ejaz Ahmad ( Company Secretary , Group Head Legal & Corporate Affairs ) , Suhail Yaqoob Khan ( Chief Risk Officer ) , Anjum Hai ( Chief Financial Officer ) , Bilal Asghar ( Group Head Corporate , Investment Banking and International Business ) , Aasim Wajid Jawad ( Head Strategy ) and Hafsa Abbasy ( Head Human Resources and Learning ) .
Immediately following the EOGM , an emergent meeting of the newly elected Board of Directors was held . The Board appointed Sheikh Nahayan Mabarak Al Nahayan as Chairman of the Board of Directors . The Board then also appointed Nauman Ansari as Chief Executive Officer of the bank , for a term of three years on the existing terms and conditions .
RemetzCar Tesla Model S shooting brake design sketch Enlarge Photo
It 's almost strange to think Tesla does n't produce its own Model S wagon , since the Silicon Valley-based carmaker has a way of doing things differently . Alas , Tesla does not in fact build a wagon—but Dutch firm RemetzCar will .
The coachbuilder , based outside of Amsterdam , has begun production of its yet-to-be-named Tesla Model S shooting brake . That 's old English for `` station wagon . '' The company said Floris de Raadt , a Dutch wagon collector , commissioned the project , but it will build 20 examples in total .
RemetzCar Tesla Model S shooting brake design sketch Enlarge Photo
Unfortunately , we only have sketches to preview what the final product will look like . The Model S is n't a bad-looking car , so a low-slung roofline and a functional but more vertical tailgate will probably look right at home . The company previously made a Model S hearse as well ; thankfully , the shooting brake will be much more elegant .
From what we can make out , the front end looks largely the same , but the rear is very different , in a good way . The sketch portrays a hunkered-down Model S with its original lights retained . If RemetzCar can stick to the sketch 's look , then this will surely be a winner .
Dutch designer Niels van Roij penned the car and developed a range of options for the conversion . Their focus was to create a premium design while minimizing conversion costs .
RemetzCar Tesla Model S shooting brake design sketch Enlarge Photo
RemetzCar has begun taking pre-orders for the 20 cars available , accompanied by a deposit for each . The company plans to unveil the car during the first week of March .
Perhaps it will give Tesla CEO Elon Musk some ideas .
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook and Twitter .
ISLAMABAD , June 15 ( APP ) : Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif appeared before the Joint Investigation Team ( JIT ) , set up by the Supreme Court to probe the Panama Papers case Thursday .
The Prime Minister was accompanied by son Hussain Nawaz , Chief Minister Punjab Shahbaz Sharif and their son Hamza Shahbaz , son-in-law MNA Capt ( Retd ) Safdar , Political Secretary Asif Kirmani and Principal Secretary Fawad Hassan Fawad and other officials .
The Prime Minister , attired in a Shalwar Kameez and waist coat , waved to the large number of party workers gathered outside the venue to express solidarity with him .
The Prime Minister appeared before the six-member JIT alone at the Judicial Academy building . Those accompanying the prime minister , later returned to the PM House .
A three-member special SC bench , headed by Justice Ijaz Afzal Khan and comprising Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed and Justice Ijazul Ahsen , had constituted a six-member JIT , led by Additional Director General ( Immigration ) , Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) Wajid Zia .
Other members of the investigation team are Amir Aziz from the State Bank of Pakistan ( SBP ) , Bilal Rasool , Executive Director , Securities Exchange Commission of Pakistan ( SECP ) , Irfan Naeem Mangi Director National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) , Brigadier Kamran Khursheed from the Military Intelligence ( MI ) and Brigadier Nauman Saeed from the Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) .
The JIT was set up to facilitate the investigation and collect evidence in line with the order passed by a five-member larger bench on April 20 .
The JIT has already questioned the two sons of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif ; Hassan Nawaz and Hussain Nawaz over the funding for purchase of apartments in London and their off-shore companies .
Hundreds of PML-N leaders and workers including lawyers gathered outside the Federal Judicial Academy building to express solidarity with the prime minister . Carrying banners and placards they raised slogans ; “ Mian terey jan nisar be shumar ” , “ dekho dekho kon aya , sher aya , sher aya ” . They also raised slogans against the PTI leader Imran Khan .
Strict security arrangements were made around the Academy building with multiple tiers of security cordon by police and FC in riot gear .
The following crime report is for crimes in Chestnut Hill from Feb. 5 to Feb. 11 , 2017
Feb. 6 . Theft from vehicle on 100 blocks of East Hartwell Lane . A woman told police that on Feb. 4 around 6:30 p.m. an unknown person entered their unlocked vehicle . Nothing was reported missing .
Feb. 8 . Theft on the 8700 block of Germantown Avenue . An employee of the store told police that a man always comes into the store and tries to steal alcohol . At approximately 4:21 on Feb. 8 , the man came into the store and tried to steal a bottle of 1800 Coconut Tequila . When the employee confronted the man , they put the bottle down and ran out .
Summary : Two crimes for the week – one theft from a vehicle and one theft
If you have been a victim of crime and would like services or support , call Northwest Victim Services , 6301 Germantown Ave. , Second Floor , Suite One , 215-438-4410 .
For more information , call the 14th District Police Headquarters at ( 215 ) 686-3388 .
GLENDALE , Ariz. -- While NFL commissioner Roger Goodell considers the national anthem a `` special moment '' and a `` point of pride , '' they want to respect the rights of players across the league to sit during the anthem as a form of protest .
Goodell 's feelings were voiced during a question-and-answer session for Arizona Cardinals ' club season-ticket holders before training camp Monday . A question was posed to Goodell about whether anthem protests this season were `` going to be another problem . ''
On Saturday , Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the national anthem before a preseason game against the Cardinals and Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat for the anthem before their game at the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday .
Editor 's Picks 49ers ' Reid : 2016 anthem protests missed mark 49ers safety Eric Reid says they do not intend to resume kneeling during the national anthem this season despite other players around the NFL continuing to protest .
Seahawks ' Bennett stays on bench for anthem Seattle defensive end Michael Bennett remained seated Sunday with a towel draped atop their head during the singing of the national anthem before the Seahawks ' preseason game against the Chargers .
Raiders ' Lynch remains seated during anthem Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch remained seated during the national anthem prior to the team 's preseason opener against the Cardinals . 2 Related
`` It 's one of those things where we have to understand that there are people who have different viewpoints , '' Goodell said . `` It 's something that I think everybody wants . The national anthem is a special moment for me . It 's a point of pride . That is a really important moment but we also have to understand the other side , that people do have rights and we want to respect those . ''
Goodell said they had a similar discussion during a New York Jets ' fan forum a couple weeks ago . A player , whom Goodell did not name , was asked about the ongoing silent protest , Goodell said . The player , according to Goodell , said there was `` a time and a place '' to engage in protest .
That , Goodell said Monday , is one of the key components for players to recognize .
`` That 's what we all have to , sort of , understand , the responsibility of doing it at the right time and in the right way , '' Goodell said .
`` Protest to progress is what I call it . We all have to recognize that people want to see change . Let 's go out and try to make that happen in a peaceful and an important way . ''
Goodell touched on other topics , as well .
Police searching for a missing Whitby man have located a body .
Mervin Hill , 60 , had not been seen since 10am on Sunday when they went for a walk .
A North Yorkshire Police spokesperson said : `` Police searching for missing Whitby man Mervin Hill have located the body of a man . There are not believed to be any suspicious circumstances . Their family have been informed . ”
PanARMENIAN.Net - Suicide rate dropped by 24 % in 2015-2017 in Armenia , the National Statistical Service said , revealing that 560 cases of suicide were registered in those three years .
157 individuals committed suicide in 2017 against the 195 in 2016 and the 208 a year earlier .
Men accounted for 77 % ( 432 cases ) of all the suicides committed in the reporting period . More than half of those who ended their lives were aged 30-65 .
The number of suicide attempts also decreased in the three years - 514 attempts made in 2015 , 440 in 2016 , and 405 in 2017 .
CTV Atlantic
Police are turning to the public to help find a 51-year-old man last seen in Moncton .
Codiac Regional RCMP say Ronald Fougere was reported missing Thursday around 6 p.m .
Police say they were last seen that day at around 3:30 p.m. on MacBeath Avenue in Moncton .
Fougere is described as a five-foot-six white man weighing 140 pounds with a stocky build .
Police say they have brown eyes , short light brown hair and is unshaven . They were last seen wearing a black jacket , black pants and black leather sneakers .
Fougere is known to hitchhike , according to police , and it 's unknown if he 's still in the Moncton area .
Anyone with information on Ronald Fougere 's whereabouts is asked to contact Codiac RCMP or Crime Stoppers .
COD returns to its roots and it was well worth the wait .
The Call of Duty series may have a limited set of parameters it can operate in but going back to its roots for World War 2 was always going to be a risk .
Overall this is a fast-paced COD in a classic setting and while not perfect provides a solid update which will quench the thirst of hardcore fans while also thrilling those new to the series . Damien Lucas , gaming columnist
A return to a time of less advanced technology and more primitive weaponry ( and no double jumps ! ) could be seen a regressive particularly as the world wars have been done before and done well at that .
But by taking great care in every element from campaign to multiplayer and zombie mode , CODWW2 sidesteps all potential issues and concerns in what is a long-awaited return to the series ' roots .
But this is n't just a satisfactory new entry into the franchise to mop up more cash from COD-hungry fans the world over . Not one bit . Instead Sledgehammer Games manages to take Call of Duty back to WW2 while making it feel like a totally new experience .
War is a superb take on the class MP Rush mode although a lack of maps from the off is a big frustration .
In truth the game could earn respectable review scores off the back of the excellently crafted campaign alone which had me gripped .
The new headquarters - think Destiny in muddy trenches - is a great hub although newbies may struggle with the UI at first ( I did n't but a few of my friends moan about it ) .
Meanwhile , multiplayer progression is as addictive and satisfying as ever without too steep a learning curve or too much of a grind .
I have played Zombies mode the least but that is just down to personal preference more than anything . However , for the purposes of the review I delved deeper than I perhaps usually would and am happy to report it is also a rewarding if challenging experience .
Overall this is a fast-paced COD in a classic setting and while not perfect provides a solid update which will quench the thirst of hardcore fans while also thrilling those new to the series .
Blake Lively wants to use the power of the web to crack down on child pornography . The movie star ( “ The Shallows , ” “ Café Society ” ) is working with the Child Rescue Coalition on promoting a groundbreaking technology that flags the IP addresses of people who share and download sexually explicit images of minors .
Marco Grob for Variety
The actor and L'Oréal pitchwoman found out about the nonprofit at an event sponsored by the beauty brand . “ There are millions of files all over the world being traded every single day of child pornography , ” says Lively , who was drawn to the cause as the mother of two young children . “ It 's so disturbing . A lot of these people are fathers . ”
Coalition CEO Carly Asher Yoost says they and Lively were immediately simpatico . “ We hit it off , and we 're both passionate about protecting kids , ” says Yoost , who founded the nonprofit organization in 2013 , in Boca Raton , Fla. “ We stayed in touch , and they really wanted to help . They got us a meeting at a technology summit at Facebook . ”
Yoost hopes to convince internet providers to block users from sharing child pornography , as they point to research that suggests 85 % of those who consume it have abused children . “ Our mission is to protect the innocent , ” Yoost says . “ We try to get [ the data ] in the hands of law enforcement . ”
By partnering with officers in 67 countries , the Child Rescue Coalition has led to the arrest of 9,000 predators , and rescued 2,084 children from active abuse . “ If you proactively find these
predators , you can save so many children , ” says Lively .
“ Lego DC Super-Villains , ” which drops players into the mini-figs of the Joker , Harley Quinn , Lex Luthor , Deathstroke , Killer Frost , Sinestro , and others , hits Oct. 16 , Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment announced Wednesday .
In the game , which is coming to the Nintendo Switch , PlayStation 4 , Windows PC , and Xbox One X , the Justice League has disappeared , leaving Earth 's protection to a newcomer group of heroes from a parallel universe , proclaiming themselves as the Justice Syndicate . The Legion Of Doom soon discovers Earth 's newest heroes may not be the heroes they claim to be . With each player 's completely customizable Super-Villain character in command , this team of misfit lawbreakers must join forces to discover and foil the evil plans the incognito strangers have in store .
At the beginning of the campaign , players can create their own unique villain while also teaming up with a variety of DC Super-Villains throughout the story mode . As players progress , they will unlock new abilities , powers and can continue to customize their character to take on the evil threat . The game also supports two-player , local co-op experiences where players can team up in boss fights .
A deluxe edition of the game features the main game content , season pass content and early access to the DC Super-Villains : TV Series DLC Character Pack . An exclusive LEGO mini-figure , Lex Luthor Superman , also comes with the physical version of the Deluxe Edition , while digital consumers will receive the Justice League Dark DLC Character Pack with their Deluxe Edition .
Creative , The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc. , 31 Merrick Avenue , Suite 60 , Merrick , NY 11566 , Tel . 516-378-0800 . Form 3579 is requested . Second Class postage paid at New York , NY and additional mailing offices . Send address changes to Creative , 31 Merrick Avenue , Suite 60 , Merrick , NY 11566 or via E-mail .
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display , Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs . The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $ 30.00 in the United States and $ 50.00 in all other countries . The single copy price is $ 4.00 in the United States . The Annual Illustrated Guide is $ 20.00 .
ISLAMABAD , Oct 6 ( APP ) : In order to promote exports , the Economic
Coordination Committee ( ECC ) on Friday approved a proposal that 50 percent
of the export package incentive for eligible textile and non-textile sectors , announced in Prime Minister 's Export Package , be provided on the same terms as for the period January to June 2017 without condition of increment .
A meeting of ECC of the Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi approved that the remaining 50 percent of the rate of incentive would be provided if the exporter achieves an increase of 10 percent or more in exports as compared to the corresponding period of the last year .
It was also approved that an additional two percent drawback would be
provided for export to non-traditional markets . Besides , expeditious settlement of payments claims by the State Bank of Pakistan was also approved .
The meeting approved a proposal submitted by the Commerce Ministry to
allocate additional quantity of 12 million kilograms of surplus tobacco to all the tobacco companies and dealers on pro-rata basis .
The ECC also approved a proposal to deregulate the margins on High-Speed Diesel for the Oil Marketing Companies ( OMC ) and dealers under the policy of liberalization and deregulation .
The impact of the policy would be reviewed after three months .
It was also decided that OMCs would add Fuel Marker in HSD within six
months at depot stage to avoid adulteration .
It was decided that OGRA would develop a mechanism to monitor the OMCs
commercial stock position , the dealers inventory system and Fuel Marker System .
The ECC provided a provisional approval of the issuance of Government of Pakistan 's sovereign guarantee for Rs . 39,000 million for construction of 2X660MW Coal Power Project Jamshoro , subject a third part evaluation especially pertaining to demand and supply situation .
The ECC also extended the period of provision of subsidy to agricultural tube-well consumers in Balochistan till December 31 2017 subject to commitment of past payments by all concerned/stakeholders on same terms and conditions as approved earlier by the ECC on June 17 , 2015 .
The approval is linked with a comprehensive review of solarization of
the tube-wells to be undertaken on a priority basis in order to save
electricity bills and the subsidy being provided by the federal and the
provincial governments .
The need to put in place efficient irrigation methods likes
drip-irrigation were also emphasized by the meeting .
The ECC approved a summary for extending the period of applicability of reduced rate of 0.4 percent advance income tax on banking transactions of non-filers under section 236P of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001 upto December 2017 .
Various measures for rationalization of imports and reducing the import bill were also suggested by Commerce division and Federal Board of Revenue .
The detailed lists of import items would be reviewed and finalized .
CHICAGO -- The Houston Astros have acquired reliever Tyler Clippard from the Chicago White Sox for a player to be named or cash considerations .
Clippard was traded from the New York Yankees to Chicago in a seven-player deal on July 18 . The 32-year-old right-hander went 1-1 with a 1.80 ERA and two saves in 11 appearances with the rebuilding White Sox .
The deal was announced Sunday night .
The Astros lead the American League with a 72-45 record . They begin a home-and-home series against Arizona on Monday night .
Clippard has a 48-41 record with a 3.04 ERA and 59 saves in 11 seasons in the majors . They made the NL All-Star team with Washington in 2011 and 2014 .
The White Sox have the worst record in the AL at 45-70 .
The Executive Secretary of Nigerian Shippers Council ( NSC ) , Hassan Bello , on Monday , said the Federal Government 's desire is to create a sustainable and effective , national carrier in the shipping sector .
Bello made this known while speaking with newsmen in Abuja .
They said the committee set up to midwife the establishment of the national shipping fleet was working on other components relating to industries that would support it .
They said , “ On the national carrier , people think it is just to go and buy ships or to have a national fleet is to go and plug them somewhere . Our national fleet implementation committee has been working very hard .
“ We want to create a sustainable national fleet ; one that will work . So we are thinking of other industries that will support it .
“ We are talking about ship repair , shipyard , cleaning up with NIMASA , cleaning up the national registry , reforms in the Nautical College at Oron , Delta , all these are what will support the national fleet .
“ You do n't just bring one ship and say this is national fleet , without a supporting collateral industry for the shipping fleet . ”
Commenting on the National Transport Commission Bill , Bello said it was one of the major reform bills in the sector , which would encourage private sector participation in the industry .
They said , “ The various reform bills in the transport industry will make for greater participation in the private sector . It will free transport from bureaucracy and allow transport to make a profound impact on the national economy .
“ So , the national transport commission is supposed to regulate interest ; it is an economic regulator , a multi-sector that will guide the entrance and exit .
“ It improves competition , safeguards standard and also look over the pricing . Now if we look at all these things , it is what Nigerian Shippers Council has been doing .
“ One thing about this bill is that it has the total support of the Minister of Transportation and more importantly total support of stakeholders in the industry . ”
2017 Lincoln Continental Enlarge Photo
Lincoln is experimenting with a program to offer owners and lessees a taste of the finer things in life as it begins testing its latest service simply called `` Lincoln Chauffeur . '' As the name implies , the program allows Lincoln drivers to become the driven with a personal driver and shopping assistant .
The brand states it has worked with a third party to train chauffeurs and prepare them to wine and dine the owner with whatever is deemed necessary . Want to look good for your date ? Have the driver deliver you in style while relaxing in the rear seat of your Continental . Do the kids need to be picked up from school ? Your chauffeur can skedaddle on down to the school in your Navigator . The options are pretty endless .
It 's a generous service , too . Lincoln will allow eight hours of Chauffeur to give owners a taste of the lifestyle of the rich and famous . After that , the marque plans to charge $ 30 for every extra hour the driver is needed .
Lincoln is simply testing the new program right now and the service is only available in Miami , Florida . However , after Miami , the brand plans to launch Lincoln Chauffeur in San Diego , California , to continue ironing out any wrinkles that may present themselves along the way . Plans for a nationwide launch have not been discussed at this time .
We suppose there will always be those who simply can not stand time behind the wheel . For those consumers , Lincoln may really have something for you here . You 'll just need to be cool with a stranger behind the wheel of your car .
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube .
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into their lungs .
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into their lungs . Contributed
A DOG , who has 14,000 followers on social media network Instagram , has had life-saving surgery , partly funded by a huge fundraising effort on GoFundMe .
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to Toowoomba Family Vets earlier this month after severely hyperventilating from ingesting water into their lungs .
They started coughing up blood and had to be placed on an oxygen machine . Mr K , as they are known on social media , also had to have 400ml of fluid removed from their lungs .
Kenny 's owner , Rebekah Van Den Bergh wrote on their Facebook page called Royal Bullies they were preparing to say goodbye to the pet .
`` We were going up to the vets to say goodbye to Kenny as we had no way of raising ( the money ) they needed , '' Ms Van Den Bergh said .
They said a family friend stepped in and started the GoFundMe page .
`` They got some very , very sad news about a very close family member passing away and despite their world-shaking they have been a rock to us so they deserve so much love , '' Ms Van Den Bergh wrote .
The GoFundMe page has so far raised $ 4830 , going towards a total medical bill of about $ 12,000 .
Donations for the pooch rolled in from all around the world , including from people in the United States .
`` To each and everyone all over the world who ( has ) had Mr K in their heart , the beautiful messages , the many prayers and generous donations , to you we will be forever thankful , '' Ms Van Den Bergh wrote on Instagram .
`` If it had not of been for everyone 's love and support and generosity , Mr K would n't be here today . ''
Ms Van Den Bergh said Kenny still required 24-hour care but was doing better .
They are currently breathing on their own , but has to use a tracheotomy to help with breathing .
SENSELESS vandalism of Richardson Park in Sawtell has left local sports clubs reeling and the council counting the cost of repairing the playing fields .
Over the long weekend , vandals forced their way into the ground and then used a vehicle to totally destroy the playing surface .
`` We are very angry and upset at the repeated destruction and vandalism to the playing surface at Richardson Park over the long weekend , '' Alex Pearson , President Sawtell/Toormina AFL said .
`` We are somewhat fortunate that we have an away game this weekend . However the damage to the playing surface affects our home games in the following weeks and will most definitely affect our ability to train .
`` These actions by reckless individuals show a lack of respect , not only to the Sawtell/ Toormina AFL club , but to all Sawtell sporting groups that use Richardson Park and the local community that use the ground for recreational activities . ''
Vandals caused senseless damage to Sawtell 's Richardson Park which has incensed local sporting clubs .
Rod Buckle , President of Sawtell Cricket Club , said their members were also very disappointed .
`` The fact they had to take the effort to remove a fence to do it and then to come back and do it again makes it even less understandable . I am sure these people would know someone they have affected in either the cricket club or the local AFL club , '' Mr Buckle said .
`` The fact they are old enough to hold a licence and still have the lack of judgement to think this would be a good idea in a small community beggar 's belief .
`` They seem to think these are victimless crimes , but they effect more than just the clubs . It affects the community , the players , the supporters , the sponsors and all the volunteers that put time into making what are great local clubs . ''
Council is urging any residents who witnessed the damage to the Park to report it to Police .
`` What people do n't realise is that this sort of reckless behaviour causes more than just damage to the grass , '' the council 's Section Leader for Stadium and Major Events Daniel Heather said .
`` The fields at Richardson Park now require significant remediation work , which is ultimately paid for by the community . It takes resources off other community projects and , most significantly , the damage leaves local sports and other users - including local schools - without grounds . ''
Vandalism across the Coffs Coast , particularly at public sport facilities , is a problem and Council is grateful for the support of the local Police command in helping tackle and deal with this behaviour .
Anyone that witnesses vandalism should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 , Coffs Harbour Police Station on 02 6652 0299 or 131 444 ( after hours ) .
Communities can be confident they will be treated with fairness and respect by Northumbria Police , according to the latest independent report into the Force .
Them Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services ( HMICFRS ) has carried out its annual assessment into police legitimacy – to ensure powers are used fairly and people are treated with respect .
The assessment also looked at how well the Force ensures its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully , and to what extent it treats employees with fairness and respect .
Northumbria Police received an overall rating of good with a number of practices considered outstanding .
The inspection found :
The Force has a clear vision of the values it expects from its officers and staff ;
The Force has outstanding processes in place for external scrutiny of a range of policing activities ;
There are excellent systems for recording complaints and the Force conducts high-quality investigations ;
The Force is outstanding in its wellbeing provision for its staff ;
Leaders in Northumbria Police operate a culture of openness which encourages feedback from all staff who are confident they will be listened to .
Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner , Dame Vera Baird QC , said : `` Since being elected , improving confidence in policing has been one of my Police and Crime Plan priorities and the way we treat people on a daily basis has a major role to play in this . That is why I am pleased that this latest independent inspection reinforces that Northumbria are committed to treating the communities we serve with fairness and respect .
`` I am pleased the report highlights the excellent systems we have in place for recording and dealing with complaints . This comes after we introduced a Complaints Charter to improve the process and increase satisfaction with how complaints are managed . Our dedicated Complaints Triage team approach has been recognised by the Home Office not only as good practice , but as so impressive that it has been put into legislation . The team resolves many complaints within 24 hours .
`` The few areas that have been identified for improvement have been discussed with the Temporary Chief Constable and I will monitor their action plan that targets these areas . Despite the financial challenges we continue to face , we remain focused on delivering the police and crime plan as set out by local residents . ''
Temporary Chief Constable of Northumbria Police , Winton Keenen , said : `` I welcome this report , which shows our communities they can be confident we will treat them with the fairness and respect they deserve .
`` The inspection report recognises and reinforces the culture that exists within Northumbria Police as being one which promotes the values we must all expect from everyone employed by us . It is a testament to the hard work and dedication of everyone associated with the Force , so many of whom can be relied upon to go the extra mile on a daily basis .
`` We are not complacent and realise we do sometimes get things wrong . That is why I am pleased the report recognises we have a robust system in place to manage and learn from our mistakes . We appreciate there are still areas where we can and will improve and I am determined to ensure the Force continues to move forward to provide the very best service to all of the communities we serve . ''
The inspection made only two recommendations for improvement . These were around ensuring effective systems are in place to manage performance and development , and publishing up-to-date information on gifts , hospitality and business interests .
Steps have already been taken to address both . Records surrounding gifts have always been maintained internally and systems are now in place to publish them online in a timely manner . Improvements have also been made to the Force 's internal development processes , which in turn strengthens the Proud to Protect culture .
In addition , the report states some work is required around stop and search powers , but recognises measures are already in place to address this . Furthermore , all officers have recently completed up-to-date training in this area .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Asbel Kiprop failed in their bid for a fourth consecutive 1,500 metres gold medal at the World Championships on Sunday - but Kenya still celebrated a dazzling one-two with new champion Elijah Manangoi leading home their friend Timothy Cheruiyot .
Manangoi , the fastest man in the world this year , sped past their young training partner on the home straight of the last individual track event to take the title in 3 minutes 33.61 seconds , just ahead of Cheruiyot ( 3:33.99 ) .
Kiprop , who had briefly threatened to make it a Kenyan clean sweep , found the pace too hot on the last lap , fading into ninth place in 3:37.24 .
It was a fairly tame attempt to emulate the four straight metric mile world golds of Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj from the enigmatic 28-year-old Kiprop , who had one of their off-days .
Norway 's European champion Filip Ingebrigtsen snatched the bronze , throwing themselves across the line to just oust Spain 's Adel Mechaal for the medal by 0.18 seconds in 3:34.53 .
Manangoi 's first major title had come with a little help from the master Kiprop , from whom they reckoned they had learned so much over the years .
Two years ago in Beijing , Manangoi had burst through from fifth to second over the last 20 metres to take the silver behind Kiprop .
Yet after a barren Olympic year in 2016 when they suffered from illness and injury , the 24-year-old looked rejuvenated this year , coming into the championships off the back of a fine win in the Monaco Diamond League meeting .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – Men 's 1500 metres heats – London Stadium , London , Britain – August 10 , 2017 – Alija Motoneu Manangoi and Asbel Kiprop of Kenya react Lucy Nicholson
`` We have had very good champions in the event over the years so it is a proud moment for me to win this title for my country , '' they said .
Yet though they may not have realised it , for all of Kenya 's rich background in the event , only Manangoi and Kiprop have won the world metric mile title for their country . The Kenyan-born Bernard Lagat won for the USA in 2007 .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - men 's 1500 metres semi-final – London Stadium , London , Britain - August 11 , 2017 - Filip Ingebrigtsen of Norway , Asbel Kiprop and Elijah Motonei Manangoi of Kenya compete . John Sibley
`` I knew I was in pretty good form and thought I could make the podium but to win this gold is wonderful , '' added Manangoi .
All the hard work for their victory , though , had been carved out by the 21-year-old Kenyan champion Cheruiyot , who took up the running on the second lap and stretched out the field to breaking point with a couple of 56-second laps .
With the three Kenyans in a line on the final back straight , Ingebrigtsen muscled their way into contention and , as Kiprop began to struggle as they have done too often this summer , it became a two-man duel between their less heralded compatriots .
With 50 metres left , Manangoi finally battled their way past for gold while Ingebrigtsen toppled over the line as they felt the fast-finishing Mechaal coming up close behind .
`` It was just such a good race and I 'm so pleased to be a world champion . I had a difficult race as Timothy ( Cheruiyot ) raced very well but I had that extra strength , '' said Manangoi .
Cheruiyot added : `` I am happy we [ the Kenyan athletes ] prepared well for this . Me and Elijah [ Manangoi ] train together and they are my friend , so I am happy for them and for me . ''
Civil servants across Ministries , Departments and Agencies ( MDAs ) have expressed concern over sudden change in September deadline for the implementation of new minimum wage given by the Federal Government .
Some of the Civil servants , who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on Wednesday in Abuja , said it would amount to double standard on the part of the government if it reneged on the September deadline .
Sen. Chris Ngige , the Minister of Labour and Employment , had on May 29 , said that the new national minimum wage may not materialise in September as earlier envisaged .
Ngige said that the September date was just a date to conclude negotiation on the issue of minimum wage , saying that the committee was making steady progress on its assignment .
According to him , the committee on the new National Minimum wage is expected to conclude its work by the end of September and present its report to the government for deliberation and approval before an executive bill is sent to the National Assembly on the issue .
Mrs Alice Akinbiyi , a civil servant , said that the Federal Government should endeavour to honour the earlier date scheduled for the take off of the new minimum wage .
They said that the price of goods and services in the country had made it imperative for the implementation , adding that things were beginning to get out of the reach of an average civil servant .
Akinbiyi called on the Federal Government to speed up the process of implementation ahead of September and tighten every loose end that could frustrate the scheduled date .
Malam Ibrahim Musa , also a civil servant , said they were devastated when they heard the news that the September earlier promised by the Federal Government for the implementation may not be feasible again .
They said they were always calculating with the hope that the new minimum wage would be a respite to him .
They called on the Federal Government not to relent in its effort to meet the September deadline .
Miss Dorothy Williams , said that they had no doubt that the Federal Government would keep its promise , adding that the Federal Government would not make an empty promise .
They expressed them disappointed should the Federal Government fail to keep its words .
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo had earlier made a promise at the 2018 May Day celebration that the Federal Government would expedite action to ensure that a new minimum wage is ready by the third quarter of the year .
Osinbajo noted that the tripartite committee , comprising government , labour , and the private sector , would expedite its assignment , to enable the Federal Government to present an executive bill on a new national minimum wage to the National Assembly for passage into law , as soon as possible .
The President of the Nigeria Labour Congress ( NLC ) , Ayuba Wabba , also at the May Day Lecture , said the union would not allow the Tripartite Committee for National Minimum Wage to alter the September timeline for the implementation of new minimum wage .
This was sequel to the Federal Government 's promise that the implementation of the new national minimum wage for workers would take effect from the third quarter .
The Orchard has acquired U.S. rights to the jazz-inspired drama “ The Song of Sway Lake , ” starring Rory Culkin , Robert Sheehan , and Mary Beth Peil .
“ Sway Lake ” is directed by Ari Gold ( “ Adventures of Power ” ) , who co-wrote the film with Elizabeth Bull . Culkin portrays a young man who plots to steal a valuable , long-lost jazz record from their grandmother 's lake house . Their plan is derailed when their accomplice ( Sheehan ) falls for the matriarch .
The movie will be released in theaters on Sept. 21 and on VOD and digital HD on Sept. 25 . Producers are Gold through their Grack Films company , Michael Bederman ( “ Spotlight ” ) , Allison Rose Carter ( “ American Honey ” ) , and Social Construct 's Zak Kilberg . The film was executive produced by Garrett P. Fennelly and Anne Bernstein .
Kew Media Group launched the film to the international market at the Cannes Film Festival . The film will be continuing to tour international festivals this summer .
“ 'The Song of Sway Lake ' received strong buyer interest in Cannes , ” said Jonathan Ford of Kew Media Group . “ Its stellar cast and ultra-high production values set it apart . ”
Evan Morehouse from the Orchard negotiated the U.S. deal with Benjamin Weiss and Derek Kigongo of Paradigm and attorney Orly Ravid from MSK on behalf of the filmmakers .
BUSINESS
( Yonhap )
Kumho Tire Co. , South Korea 's second-biggest tiremaker by sales , said Monday that it continued to suffer an operating loss in the second quarter of the year , due to sluggish sales in overseas markets.The tiremaker logged an operating loss of 23 billion won ( $ 20 million ) in the April-June period following an operating loss of 28 billion won the previous quarter.Sales increased 6.4 percent on-year to reach 712 billion won in the second quarter , it added.The company also suffered a net loss of 59 billion won in the second quarter.Sharp declines in tire sales in China amid a row over the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system hurt its bottom line.South Korean companies with operations in China have suffered declining sales due to local campaigns against Korean products.China has opposed the installation of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea , arguing its powerful X-band radar could be used against it . Seoul and Washington have said it is aimed at countering missile threats from North Korea.Creditors of Kumho Tire are seeking to sell the tiremaker to a Chinese firm . ( Yonhap )
Having been appointed earlier to defend the convict by the Appeal Court and again by the Cassation Court , advocate Ali Musabbeh argued in courtroom 22 on Monday : “ The medical report confirmed that my client suffers an antisocial personality disorder with alcohol dependence . The report was too general , not very clear and inconclusive … it lacked details that justify or explain why they suffer that disorder and why are they considered a danger to the society . The report just said that they are an antisocial person … It also lacked certain psychological and neurological tests , and had those tests been carried out , they would have given a clearer picture of the defendant 's mental state . ”
Presenting a 10-minute defence argument before presiding judge Abdul Aziz Abdullah and their five deputy cassation judges , advocate Musabbeh contended : “ Today , I am defending the law and not the crime . I am complementing the court 's role in ensuring that the law enforcement procedures are carried out properly . The appellate court should have approved our demand to have the defendant be re-examined … we [ as defence ] had asked the Appeal Court to resend Abdullah for second psychiatric evaluation to decide whether they suffer from a certain mental illness that makes them temporarily irresponsible for their actions and behaviours and particularly at the time when they committed the crime. ” The lawyer further asked presiding judge to overturn the appellate judgement and refer the case to a new panel of appeal judges to look into it again . The accused was sentenced to death after they were convicted of kidnapping Sedqi from their father 's garage in Sharjah and then raping and killing them in Al Mamzar . Abdullah had earlier denied kidnapping and raping the victim but pleaded guilty to murdering the victim . They were also ordered to pay Dh21,000 in temporary compensation to the boy 's family . Records said the accused lured the boy to their car by offering to buy them a scooter and then they drove to Al Mamzar area in Dubai . There , they moved the victim to the back seat and had forced sex with him . They assaulted the boy before they strangled them with a red gotra when the victim tried to defend himself . More from Courts Elderly Indian guilty of molesting tourist
Cook jailed for molesting boy , filming them naked
Couple jailed for consuming methamphetamine
Manager fined for importing banned pills
UNDER an unforgiving sun , The Jezabels jumped on stage on Sunday at Falls Festival Byron Bay , but besides the hot weather , the gig had a sense of triumph for the band after a tumultuous 2016 .
Synthia , their third album , came out on February 12 , 2016 , and includes hit single Pleasure Drive .
WARNING : STRONG LANGUAGE
The Jezabels had to cancel their 2016 world tour shortly before Synthia , was released , as keyboard player Heather Shannon needed treatment for ovarian cancer .
Last July , the band announced that Shannon was `` feeling strong again '' and that they would start touring again .
Besides being part of the band for almost a decade , the tight links between band members extend to their childhood , spent in the Byron Shire .
Vocalist Hayley Mary ( born Hayley Frances McGlone ) , keyboard player Heather Shannon and guitarist Samuel Lockwood all went to Byron Bay High School .
Mary and Shannon performed together as a folk duo in Byron Bay for a while .
Hayley Mary said is great to be back playing music together again .
`` We 've been playing for ten years , and I am ashamed to say there were elements of our lives that we took for granted , until one of our members was dealt with a really rough time , '' they said .
`` A cancer diagnosis when you are in your 20s should not happen , but it does , and having the floor pulled out from under you is tough .
`` It 's not just your friendship and your creative relationships but also your business , although your do n't really want to think of a band as a business .
`` It was every aspect of our lives , and there were many months when we did n't know if it was going to be all right , but it taught it to deal with uncertainty .
BAND : The Jezabels are Heather Shannon , Samuel Lockwood , Hayley Mary and Nikolas Kaloper . Contributed
The vocalist confirmed the band will be writing new music soon .
`` We used to plan a year in advance , but now we plan a couple of months in advance to acknowledge the doctor 's advice and what Heather feels they can do , '' they said .
`` We will get in the studio at some point , but no promises . ''
The Byron connection
After their Falls show , Hayley Mary said Byron Bay is still very much part of the band 's DNA .
`` Three of us are from Byron originally , '' they said .
`` I met Sam ( guitarist Samuel Lockwood ) in High School and then we all went to Sydney Uni , so we are a Sydney band with Byron roots . ''
`` Heather and I used to play music in Primary school , and then we played in High School , but the first time I encountered them we must have been 9 years old , at the Byron Primary Talent Quest , '' they said .
`` She played an amazing song on piano , and I did a shitty dance to Fox on the Run by Sweet . They won but I still put it down to the fact that they run off stage crying , '' they laugh .
Asked if Shannon will hate them for telling this story , Hayley Mary agreed .
`` Yeah , but we are like sisters . ''
Hayley Mary still has local connections .
`` My mum just left after 20 or some years living here , my dad , my brother and my sister are still here , plus my aunties and uncles , '' she said .
`` I have to be honest I have always struggled with Byron Bay .
`` Maybe it 's to do with growing up here , and I do n't mean to be negative about a beautiful place but I find there is something about growing up in paradise that you have to live .
`` Also , I always found that there is this dark cloud over Byron , and I am by no means a hippie , let 's not bring out the patchouli and I do n't need dreadlocks , but there is a certain residual darkness from a supposed curse to do with the whaling , '' they said .
The Canton Liberty Festival will be sensory sensitive . ( Photo : Canton Liberty Festival )
our picks
CANTON 'S LIBERTY FEST
at Heritage Park
Besides a carnival with games and rides , this 26th annual event has food , beer , live entertainment , stuff for kids , and the International Festival with cultural performances ( 11:30 a.m.-6 p.m . Sat. ) . The carnival will be sensory sensitive with limited lights and music from 1-3 p.m. Thurs . Festival hours : 1-11 p.m. Thurs.-Fri. ; 10 a.m.-11 p.m . Sat . Free . 1150 S. Canton Center Road , Canton . ( 734 ) 394-5460 or cantonlibertyfest.com .
The Motor City Irish Fest includes dancers and live music . ( Photo : Chris Gustafson )
MOTOR CITY IRISH FESTIVAL
at Greenmead Historical Park
Hear two dozen Irish bands , including touring acts Scythian and the Druids , alongside local favorites Blackthorn and Stone Clover . Other entertainment includes Irish dancer , pipe and drum groups and a giant leprechaun . Whimsical activities like tin whistle lessons and storytelling also are part of the fun . Expect fish and chips , corned beef sandwiches and plenty of beer , too . An Irish mass will be held at noon Sunday . Hours : 5-11 p.m. Fri. ; noon-11 p.m . Sat . ; 1-8 p.m. Sun . $ 10 in advance , $ 12 at the gate . 20501 Newburgh , Livonia . motorcityirishfest.com .
Catch comedian Seth Meyers at the Fox in a fundraiser Saturday . ( Photo : Matt Winkelmeyer / Getty Images )
FORGOTTEN HARVEST 25TH ANNUAL COMEDY NIGHT WITH SETH MEYERS
at Fox Theatre
The host of “ Late Night with Seth Meyers ” and former “ Saturday Night Live ” cast member , Meyers comes to town to help raise funds for Forgotten Harvest . 8 p.m . Sat . $ 28.50- $ 153.50 . 2211 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 471-6611 .
big shows
THURSDAY
Saliva at Saint Andrew 's Hall , rock , 7 p.m. Thurs . $ 23 . 431 E. Congress , Detroit . ( 313 ) 961-8961 .
“ Wait Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ” at Fox Theatre , 7:30 p.m. Thurs . $ 29.50- $ 128.50 . 2211 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 471-6611 .
Divinity Roxx at Emerald Theatre , rock/funk , 7:30 p.m. Thurs . $ 10 . 31 N. Walnut , Mount Clemens . ( 586 ) 630-0120 .
John Waite at Magic Bag , rock , 8 p.m. Thurs . $ 35 . 22920 Woodward , Ferndale . ( 248 ) 544-1991 .
John Legend will perform at Meadow Brook Amphitheatre on Friday . ( Photo : Ethan Miller / Getty Images )
FRIDAY
Sam Hunt at DTE Energy Music Theatre , country , 7 p.m. Fri. Sold out . 7774 Sashabaw , Clarkston . ( 248 ) 337-0100 .
John Legend at Meadow Brook Amphitheatre , R & B/pop , 8 p.m. Fri. $ 33 and up . 3554 Walton , Rochester . ( 248 ) 377-0100 .
SATURDAY
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony at Fillmore Detroit , hip-hop , 8 p.m . Sat . $ 25 and up . 2115 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 961-5451 .
Gary Puckett at Andiamo Celebrity Showroom , pop/rock , 8 p.m . Sat . $ 25 and up . 7069 E. 14 Mile , Warren . ( 586 ) 268-3200 .
Joe Jackson at Michigan Theatre , pop/rock , 8 p.m . Sat . $ 30 and up . 603 E. Liberty , Ann Arbor . ( 734 ) 668-8397 .
SUNDAY
Otep with the Convalescence and the World Over at Token Lounge , metal , 5 p.m. Sun . $ 15 . 28949 Joy , Westland . ( 734 ) 513-5030 .
Jazz Spectacular with Pieces of a Dream at Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill , jazz , 6 p.m. Sun . $ 20 and up . 14900 Metro Parkway , Sterling Heights . ( 248 ) 377-0100 .
W. Kamau Bell at Saint Andrew 's Hall , comedy , 7 p.m. Sun . $ 58 . 431 E. Congress , Detroit . ( 313 ) 961-8961 .
TUESDAY
Reverend Horton Heat with Agent Orange and Flat Duo Jets at Magic Stick , rockabilly/punk , 8 p.m. Tues. $ 25 . 4120 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 833-9700 .
WEDNESDAY
Jean Luc Ponty at Chene Park , jazz , 7:30 p.m. Wed. $ 15 and up . 2600 Atwater , Detroit . ( 313 ) 393-7128 .
“ A Night of Broadway Stars ” to benefit Covenant House Michigan with Rita Harvey , Stephanie Block , Lawrence Clayton and more at Sound Board at Motor City Casino , Broadway , 7:45 p.m. June 21 . $ 100 , $ 250 for pre-show dinner and cocktails . 2901 Grand River , Detroit . covenanthousemi.org .
live music
THIS WEEK
Detroit Symphony Orchestra — Soul Unlimited with Ellis Hall at Orchestra Hall , 10:45 a.m. Fri. , 8 p.m . Sat . and 3 p.m. Sun . $ 19- $ 75 . 3711 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 576-5111 .
Dave Bennett at Dirty Dog Jazz Cafe , jazz , 6 and 8:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat . $ 15 . 97 Kercheval , Grosse Pointe Farms . ( 313 ) 882-5299 .
THURSDAY
Terence Blanchard at the Cube at the Max , jazz , 7:30 p.m. Thurs . $ 30 , $ 70 VIP . 3711 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 576-5111 .
Hoops with Joy Again and Bonny Doon at El Club , rock , 8 p.m. Thurs . $ 10- $ 12 . 4114 W. Vernor , Detroit . ( 313 ) 436-1793 .
FRIDAY
King Mellowman and the Mellowmakers at the Beach at Campus Martius , reggae , 5:30 p.m. Fri. Free . 800 Woodward , Detroit . downtowndetroitparks.com .
Chastity Belt , Sneaks and do n't at Jumbo 's , post punk , 8 p.m. Fri. $ 12 in advance , $ 14 at the door . 3739 Third , Detroit . ( 313 ) 831-8949 .
Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival with Friction Quartet performing Dmitri Shostakovich 's String Quartet No . 11 and poetry from Jessica Care Moore and Peter Markus at Prop Art Studio , classical , 8 p.m. Fri. $ 15 in advance , $ 20 at the door , $ 5 less for 35 and younger . 112 E. Grand Blvd. , Detroit . ( 313 ) 824-2200 .
The End Electric record release party with American Mustache , Battersby Takes Bronze and Lee N. Sage at Small 's Bar , rock , 8 p.m. Fri. $ 5 . 10339 Conant , Hamtramck . ( 313 ) 873-1117 .
Mango Lane , Parts , Mountclair and DJ at Loving Touch , pop/rock , 8 p.m. Fri. No cover . 22634 Woodward , Ferndale . ( 248 ) 820-5596 .
Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival in Residence at Kerrytown Concert House , classical , 8 p.m. Fri. $ 15- $ 35 . 415 N. Fourth , Ann Arbor . ( 734 ) 769-2999 .
SATURDAY
Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival : World Premiere Performance “ Shostakovich and The Black Monk : A Russian Fantasy ” at Detroit Institute of Arts , classical , 7 p.m . Sat . $ 10- $ 40 . 5200 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 833-7900 .
Pokey LaFarge with Lillie Mae at Magic Stick , alt-country , 8 p.m . Sat . $ 20 . 4120 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 833-9700 .
Friends of Dennis Wilson , Carjack and Kommander at UFO Factory , rock , 9 p.m . Sat . $ 7 . 2110 Trumbull , Detroit . ufofactory.com .
MONDAY
Planes Mistake for Stars at El Club , rock , 8 p.m. Mon . $ 12- $ 14 . 4114 W. Vernor , Detroit . ( 313 ) 436-1793 .
TUESDAY
Comerica Jazz & Java music series with Audrey Northington at Detroit Public Library , opera/gospel/blues , 6 p.m. Tues. Free . 5201 Woodward , Detroit . detroitpubliclibrary.org .
The Pains of being Pure at Heart with Ablebody and Frankie Rose at El Club , rock , 8 p.m. Tues. $ 16- $ 18 . 4114 W. Vernor , Detroit . ( 313 ) 436-1793 .
Spiral Stairs with Outrageous Cherry at Third Man Records , rock , 7:30 p.m. Tues. $ 12 . 441 Canfield , Detroit . ( 313 ) 209-5205 .
Griffin House at Magic Bag , singer/songwriter , 8 p.m. Tues. $ 17 . 22920 Woodward , Ferndale . ( 248 ) 544-1991 .
WEDNESDAY
Halo Circus featuring Allison Iraheta with Ruby Rose Fox at 20 Front Street , rock , 7:30 p.m. Wed. $ 15 . 20 Front Street , Lake Orion . 20frontstreet.com .
stage/comedy
THIS WEEKEND
Jeff Leeson with Ziggy Klett and Ken Witzgall at Mark Ridley 's Comedy Castle , 7:30 p.m . Thurs. , 7:15 p.m. Fri. and 7 and 9:30 p.m . Sat . $ 10- $ 18 . 310 S. Troy , Royal Oak . ( 248 ) 542-9900 .
“ Ernie ” at City Theatre , 5:30 p.m . Thurs. , 8 p.m. Fri. 2 and 8 p.m . Sat. , 5 p.m. Sun . and 2 p.m. Wed. ( through June 25 ) . $ 25 . 2301 Woodward , Detroit . ( 313 ) 471-6611 .
“ Dream Deferred : Detroit , 1967 ” at Matrix Theatre Company , 8 p.m. Fri.-Sat . and 3 p.m. Sun . ( through July 9 ) . $ 20 , $ 15 students . 2730 Bagley , Detroit . ( 313 ) 967-0599 .
Mark Sweetman at Ann Arbor Comedy Showcase , 8 and 10:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat . $ 12 in advance , $ 14 at the door . 212 S. Fourth , Ann Arbor . ( 734 ) 996-9080 .
“ The Legend of Georgia McBride ” at Theatre Nova , 8 p.m. Fri.-Sat . and 2 p.m. Sun . ( through July 2 ) . $ 20 suggested price . 410 W. Huron , Ann Arbor . ( 734 ) 635-8450 .
SUNDAY
Motor City Roast of President Donald J. Trump Father 's Day Show at Cascades Banquet Hall , 8 p.m. Sun . $ 32 and up . 29155 W. Seven Mile , Livonia . ( 248 ) 476-6800 .
etc .
THIS WEEKEND
Brews , BBQ and Bourbon Festival in downtown Ferndale , 5 p.m.-midnight Fri. , noon-midnight Sat . and noon-10 p.m. Sun . Free . 222 E. Nine Mile , Ferndale . brewsbbqbourbon.com .
CraftCom beer and comics event in Downtown Clawson , 5-11 p.m. Fri. and 11 a.m.-11 p.m . Sat . Free . Downtown Clawson . craftcomfestival.com .
Motor Muster classic car event at Greenfield Village , 9:30 a.m.-9 p.m . Sat . and 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m. Sun . $ 27 , $ 24.50 seniors , $ 20.25 ages 3-11 , free for members . 20900 Oakwood , Dearborn . ( 313 ) 982-6001 .
SATURDAY
Third Sunday Contra Dance with Stout Hearted String Band at Pittsfield Grange , 8-11 p.m . Sat . $ 10 , $ 7 members , $ 5 students . 3337 Ann Arbor-Saline , Ann Arbor . ( 734 ) 274-0773 .
Compiled by Melody Baetens
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2tnVlv1
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool went into the Merseyside derby off the back of a 7-0 Champions League win , facing an Everton side arguably at its lowest ebb in years , and ended up with one of those draws that feels like a defeat .
Should fingers be pointed at manager Jurgen Klopp ?
The game in midweek against Spartak Moscow featured Liverpool 's irresistible strike force , the ‘ Fab Four ' , going about their business in ruthless style and cutting through the Russian defence with ease .
On Sunday Klopp made big changes , and not just to the front four , the net result being that Liverpool 's cutting edge looked blunt .
( Image : John Powell )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
The possession stats were so ridiculous that if you saw them on a console game , you 'd be reporting it as a bug – especially if the game ended 1-1 . Yet possession stats do n't bring points , goals do , and Liverpool struggled to turn the possession into any real kind of threat .
After the game , the focus was all on whether the penalty that Rooney equalised from should have been awarded in the first place or not . Klopp did n't think so .
The German seems to be finding it harder to hide their frustrations of late and found themselves having to apologise after losing their cool in front of the TV cameras after the game .
They said Calvert-Lewin was “ smart ” in winning the penalty and that the referee “ opened the door ” but turning on the interviewer : “ We can stop the interview , because I only want to speak with someone who has a little bit of understanding of football . ”
( Image : LIVERPOOL ECHO )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The debate will not doubt rage on about the decision but the game is over and the goal stands . Goals happen against the run of play all the time in football and , whether they happen through good play , bad luck or unsighted referees , once they are given they count all the same .
What Klopp and their staff should be debating at Melwood this week is how the Reds managed to cause so little trouble to the Everton goal . Even after the equaliser Everton had little need to panic .
Sadio Mane wo n't need telling that they should have passed instead of shooting , but the form Liverpool have been in of late they should have had another chance to do so soon after .
A one-goal lead never feels like enough for Liverpool and , once Sam Allardyce had shown their hand with two half-time substitutions , it would have been the ideal opportunity for Klopp to show their own and bring on their reinforcements .
Liverpool could have had the game killed off quickly , instead of falling to Big Sam 's tried and trusted strategy .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
Sam Allardyce arrived at Goodison Park in rescue mode . All the excitement Everton fans had in the summer , their predictions of finishing up in the European places after their crazy spending spree , had been replaced by the fear that it might be a different dotted line they will be fighting to stay the right side of in the table .
In rescue mode Allardyce will be happy with a single point against teams up near the top of the table , it 's the teams around their side he 'll be looking to take three from . It 's hilarious for Liverpool fans to hear Evertonians talking about Merseyside being blue after a performance like that , but that 's just Everton , is n't it ?
The problem for Klopp is that it is n't just Everton with that kind of mentality . It 's a problem that Liverpool have struggled to contend with for years and one that Klopp seemed to have started to find the answer to of late .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He 'll have to contend with it again on Wednesday , with newly-appointed Alan Pardew bringing their West Brom side to Anfield , and maybe it was having one eye on that game that made Klopp take their eye ever so slightly off this one .
Like Allardyce , Pardew will be trying to make the most of the change of momentum that often comes with the introduction of a new manager , like Allardyce he 'll celebrate a point like it was enough to earn a place in the World Cup final .
In Klopp 's defence , despite it being the derby – and taking into account the sense it was an opportunity missed given the other results over the weekend – Liverpool are still on track to finish higher in the league than last season . They are already into the last 16 of the Champions League . They are , usually , very exciting to watch .
( Image : Getty )
All of that is far more important to the Reds than the result of one match .
To continue in Klopp 's defence , they have to keep an eye on the whole of the fixture list , at a time of year when the English game capitalises on the European break by squeezing in as many games as it can . This is the time of year when players pick up knocks and strains because of the lack of recovery time between matches .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The criticism of Klopp would have been far greater had they gone into the hectic Christmas period with half of their ‘ Fab Four ' out injured through overuse .
Top-scorer Salah was n't substituted because Klopp thought it was ‘ job done ' , they went off because Klopp wanted them ready to be used again at some point on Wednesday . He 'll need him .
What Liverpool must do now is bounce back – it was n't a defeat , whatever the blue half of the city might be trying to say – and find that ruthless streak from last week . Ruthlessness will be the difference , as a team and as individuals , and that applies to any of the Reds side the manager decides to make use of .
ISLAMABAD , June 14 ( APP ) : Minister of State for Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb has congratulated national cricket team over the marvelous victory
against hosts England in the semi final of the Champions Trophy .
In a statement , the minister said that Pakistani squad has remarkably proved its mettle by defeating top ranked South Africa , Sri Lanka and now favorites England .
They hoped that the team will play with the same spirit and continue the winning streak in the final and present an Eid gift to the nation .
OTTAWA—The federal government spent $ 2.3 billion less than originally planned last year on new military gear , Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan revealed Wednesday , even as a prominent economic adviser to the Liberals sang the praises of investing in the defence sector . The spending shortage , which will require Canada 's military to continue to use some equipment longer than expected , means the government is already losing ground on the promise it made last year to invest $ 62 billion in the Forces over the next 20 years .
Minister of National Defence Harjit Sajjan speaks to reporters following their address at the Canadian Association of Defence and Security Industries CANSEC trade show in Ottawa on Wednesday . ( Justin Tang / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The mixed messages came during the first day of the two-day Cansec gathering in Ottawa , Canada 's largest annual arms show , where officials from the world 's biggest defence companies descend on the national capital to pitch their wares to the government and military . Sajjan kicked off the event with an update on the Liberal government 's new defence policy — a blueprint that details the specific equipment the military intends to buy over the next five years . Many companies had been eagerly waiting to see which of the dozens of projects included in the multibillion-dollar defence policy were considered a priority and which were being put on the back burner .
Article Continued Below
What they heard instead was that the ambitious Liberal plan to ramp up spending got off to a slower start than expected : where Ottawa had planned to spend $ 6.2 billion last year , figures published with the defence policy show , they only managed to get $ 3.9 billion out the door . Sajjan played down the discrepancy , saying a portion of the unspent money represented savings that the government was able to find on some projects , while others were the result of companies not fulfilling their obligations . But they also admitted later that for some projects , “ we were n't able to get it to the level we wanted . We 're improving on that and things have improved drastically for this . It will improve as time goes on. ” Defence companies wo n't be the only ones hoping Sajjan is right . One of the government 's most influential economic advisers told a luncheon audience that Canada 's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country 's prosperity over the long term .
“ If we want to grow — and we can in Canada , and we want to grow more significantly — the defence sector is going to play an essential part in doing that , ” said Dominic Barton , the chair of Finance Minister Bill Morneau 's growth council . Automation is expected to cost Canada some 2 million jobs in the coming decades , Barton said , but the defence sector is one area where there is potential for substantial growth , as well as technological developments to help build and grow new industries .
Article Continued Below
“ This is how we 're going to get some of the leading-edge innovation that we can then commercialize and transform the broader economy , ” they said , adding that the government can support small businesses with defence investments . The defence sector currently supports 60,000 jobs in Canada and sells an estimated $ 6 billion worth of arms and equipment to other countries each year —some of them causing headaches for the government because of questionable human-rights records . One of the more controversial sales was a multi-year , $ 15-billion contract for the provision of armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia , which was the top non-U.S. destination for Canadian arms in 2016 . The government also faced pointed questions earlier this year about its plan to sell military helicopters to the Philippines despite Prime Minister Justin Trudeau criticizing that country 's human-rights record only a few months earlier . The deal was eventually scrapped by Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte after a public outcry prompted the Trudeau government to reconsider the sale .
Read more about :
East London NHS Foundation Trust ( ELFT ) has retained its ‘ Outstanding ' rating from the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) following its latest inspection .
Officers inspected the Trust in March and April . ELFT is a mental health and community health Trust which provides services in Luton and Bedfordshire .
They assessed the quality of three core mental health services : Community mental health services for people with learning disabilities or autism , Wards for people with learning disabilities or autism , and Forensic inpatient/secure wards .
The report said : “ We rated it as outstanding because since the last inspection in 2016 , the trust has continued to make improvements .
“ We inspected three services and carried out a well-led review . In all areas further progress had taken place and in forensic services the rating had improved from good to outstanding . We rated safe and effective as good ; caring , responsive and well-led as outstanding . Following this inspection , five of the trust 's 14 core services were rated as outstanding and nine as good . We rated well-led for the trust overall as outstanding . ”
The chief executive of ELFT Dr Navina Evans has welcomed the news as part of the Trust 's ongoing work to build a culture of continuous improvement .
They said : “ Together we are striving to build a culture of continuous improvement with ELFT .
“ Recognition from the CQC is pleasing for us all but remains part of that improvement process and not an end .
“ The challenge for every member of staff within the Trust , myself included , is to continue to strive to provide the best care we can bay in and day out .
“ An outstanding rating shows the hard work already taking place and that has to continue .
“ We do n't always get things right and should always ask ourselves ‘ what can we do better ? ' ”
Oil and gas producer Santos will take a non-cash impairment charge of $ US690 million ( $ A878 million ) , mostly against the value of its Gladstone LNG project .
Oil and gas producer Santos has flagged an impairment charge of $ US690 million ( $ A878 million ) in its half-year results that are due on August 24 .
The company says its lowered oil price forecasts for 2017 to 2022 , among other assumptions , will result in a $ US870 million ( $ A1.1 billion ) writedown in the value of its Gladstone LNG project in Queensland , and it anticipates a further impairment of $ US150 million against some assets in Indonesia .
Santas also says an expected impairment against its Cooper Basin assets will be offset by increased drilling and production , resulting in a positive net write-back of $ US330 million .
Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Sunday said the use of brute Indian military might against innocent people of Occupied Kashmir who refused to participate in the recent sham state elections , can not suppress their human urge for freedom . Kashmir ( IoK ) is a paradise inhabited by citizens who have .... Infopak-en 6:19:00 AM CEST
Share this article :
0 votes
Dash Wilder of The Revival reportedly broke their jaw at the WWE NXT live event in Spartanburg , SC on Friday night , according to Pro Wrestling Sheet . Dash was teaming with partner Scott Dawson against Hideo Itami and Shinsuke Nakamura .
The RAW Superstar is expected to be out of action until early July .
WWE has not confirmed the injury but we will keep you updated .
Follow Marc on Twitter at @ this_is_marc . Send any news , tips or corrections to us by clicking here .
WWE Considering Big Turn , Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley , Triple H Ready to Push Former Star on RAW , WrestleMania 33 Main Events , WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat , New GIFs & Galleries , More
Related
Kevin Hart Comedy Supposedly to Film In Atlanta
Guilty – a Kevin Hart comedy about a guy who 's nearly caught for a burglary , then tries to clean up their act by attending jury duty but is placed on the jury for the burglary they committed , with an innocent man 's fate on the line – has set up an Atlanta office and email address for hiring crew , supposedly to film through July 13th . If so , they 'll have to squeeze in Hart during off dates on their ongoing “ Irresponsible ” stand-up comedy tour . We 'll see . Cinematographer Brandon Trost is attached as director , while Will Ferrell 's Gary Sanchez Pictures and Seth Rogen 's Point Grey Pictures are behind it .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Zhejiang Huatong Meat Products Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS HOG BREEDING CONTRACT WITH TOTAL INVESTMENT AT 300 MILLION YUAN ( $ 47.81 million ) Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2E6goen Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.2750 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
CARTAGENA , COLOMBIA—Seeking to highlight the growing plight in Venezuela , U.S . Vice-President Mike Pence on Monday met with people who 've fled the country to neighbouring Colombia .
Pence visited the Calvary Chapel in Cartagena , where met with faith leaders and Venezuelan families before planning to depart to Buenos Aires , Argentina . Their wife , Karen Pence , helped to lead a prayer circle , where they prayed for “ comfort to the Venezuelan refugees . ”
The vice-president and their wife also spent time speaking with the migrants , listening to their emotional stories . Reporters were not able to hear their conversations , but watched the vice-president comfort several women , including at least one who was seen wiping away tears .
Read more : Vice-President Mike Pence says U.S. wants ‘ peaceable ' solution in Venezuela
They said they heard “ heartbreaking ” stories of their struggle for food .
GARDAI in County Limerick are investigating a hit and run accident where four people , including two children , were hospitalised this Tuesday .
The serious crash happened on the N69 at Wallace 's Cross , Askeaton at around 4pm between a car and an SUV jeep .
Emergency services attended the scene and four people , two adults and two children , required medical attention and were subsequently brought to University Hospital Limerick where their conditions are understood to be stable as they did not suffer life threatening injuries .
Gardai have launched an investigation after the driver failed to remain at the scene and are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the crash to contact them at Newcastle West Garda Station on 069 20650 .
Share this : Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category : News
The Case for Joint Family System
To Save our Cities
Traditionally , Pakistan has been a society where joint family living has been the norm when it comes to family structure . This comes with a number of positive and negative points and is an aspect of society that affects its running quite significantly . However , in recent years , this trend has been moving towards the nuclear family structure .
This shift is due to factors like urbanization and globalization , with people moving towards cities for employment opportunities . This has led to a significant change in housing trends and the standard of living as well . However , the culture of Pakistan and the status of property ownership also play a role in this situation .
Joint Families Losing their Appeal ?
In recent times , joint families seem to be losing their appeal and people have started moving towards a more individualistic society . There has been a need for more houses for more people rather than the previous trend of one house for the same amount of people living as a joint family . This means that more resources are utilized and more land is required to meet the demand for such a family system . This also means that there is a drastically greater demand for material goods such as cars and personal devices like laptops . Each person in the household now has their own device and this lifestyle change has increased the consumption of material goods at rapid rates . According to experts like architect Kamil Khan Mumtaz , this shift towards a highly capitalist society does not bode well for a country such as Pakistan .
Zameen.com trends show that buying trends in cities have gone up significantly . Demand for housing in cities like Faisalabad , Sialkot , and Gujranwala has noticeably increased due to this migratory shift . Central cities like Lahore and Karachi already receive a heavy influx of people due to the appeal their development holds for ambitious individuals . On the surface , all this development appears to be a positive move towards a progressive society , but we are not looking at the deeper consequences .
The Side-Effects of a Changing Society
These cities are more accessible for villages and provide employment opportunities due to the industrial activities there . This has also led to the higher buying power of these individuals as they handle their finances independently . However , they can not buy the big houses that are characteristic of joint families . Hence , the buying trend for smaller houses and apartments has increased significantly over the years .
These individual units have changed the cultural landscape as they herald the move from a collectivist society to an individualistic society . Young people of all classes have started asserting their financial and social independence , leading to a rise in the standard of living as there is less dependence on just one earning member of the family . The change in the rural-urban demographic has also improved the literacy rate and education system of Pakistan . Globalization also plays a role in this move as individuals seek the lifestyles they see in international media , and strive to keep up with the global market . These developments are encouraging with the global perspective in mind and help the society progress .
However , with the rise in nuclear families , there has also been a rise in demand for land , especially in urban centres . This has led to saturation of the real estate market , which may find itself hard-pressed to meet this demand in the near future . Already , cities are spreading at a disproportionate rate , and with the rapidly increasing population , this does not bode well for the country . With the spread in cities , agricultural land is being rapidly taken over and it must be kept in mind that we are a primarily agrarian society and our GDP greatly depends on agricultural export . If urban sprawl continues at the rate it is , the economy of the country will suffer immensely .
Another major factor which is generally overlooked is the environmental impact of this shift from joint families to nuclear families . More resources utilized means that these resources will be depleted over time . The increasing number of private vehicles used by these families generate worrying levels of pollution . In addition , multiple public transport projects are also being implemented due to the rising population of big cities and these projects come at the cost of much-needed greenery . The occurrence of thick , life-threatening smog in Lahore in 2016 is evidence of how drastic the situation is . Hence , Pakistanis need to look over their priorities instead of chasing an ideal lifestyle which will be extremely harmful in the long run .
Joint families as saviours
Despite the standard of living and the independence nuclear families offer , joint families also have some nascent benefits . In families where both parents work , joint families are highly convenient as there is always someone there to take care of the child . In addition , with current rates , it is very difficult for an average working person to buy and own property , so the majority rents property . In shared properties in joint families , people have at least a chunk of property as an asset . The joint family system also plays a part in the socialization of Pakistani children as in our culture , the role of elders is given quite high priority . Basically , the joint family provides a support system for individuals to fall back on . Thus , the property market also reflects this preference as we see that duplexes , multi-storey homes , and large houses are fairly popular as can be seen on real estate portals like Zameen.com . These kinds if properties do pose a problem when it comes to inheriting them after the parents ' death , but in general , they provide an opportunity for owning property rather than just renting it .
In addition , joint family living entails shared resources , which will decrease the negative environmental impact . Less land will be utilized and we may be able to prevent further damage to the natural resources being depleted by the expanding need for material goods . Pakistan is a country with strong cultural values and traditions which are being sacrificed at the altar of progress . In the traditional joint family , children are raised by multiple people , which leads to effective socialization into the society .
The drawbacks of joint families can be handled through a cultural shift which can be implemented through better education and awareness of social matters . Once any regressive values of members of joint families are dealt with , joint families seem like the ideal option for Pakistan . In fact , they are the need of the hour to save our resources and save our future .
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs used an unusual alignment for Cincinnati Reds first baseman Joey Votto , employing four outfielders across the Wrigley Field grass on Monday night .
As Votto came to the plate in the top of the fifth inning , usual third baseman Kris Bryant moved to left-center field , with left fielder Kyle Schwarber playing near the foul line . Jon Jay remained in center , with Jason Heyward in right field .
The left side of the infield was vacant , as shortstop Javier Baez played up the middle .
Votto beat the alignment by doubling to right field . It 's believed to be the first time the Cubs have employed that look since Joe Maddon took over as manager in 2015 .
Variety has selected its 10 Producers to Watch for 2018 , a diverse mix of producers from the U.S. and the thriving international film scene . Variety Producers to Watch , which was originally launched at the Cannes Film Festival in 1998 , returned to the Croisette last year and will once again be presented there this year .
Regardless of their home base , these producers all share a fierce commitment to storytelling . Their films have played festivals including Berlin , Sundance and Venice , and a number are screening at Cannes .
Producer Dina Emam 's their first narrative feature , “ Yomeddine , ” was selected for competition . It will vie alongside Russian-made “ Leto , ” a music filled biopic that Murad Osmann and Ilya Stewart produced for director Kirill Serebrennikov , now under house arrest in that country .
Variety has also selected the forces behind “ I , Tonya , ” an Oscar winner for Allison Janney ( Tom Ackerley and Josey McNamara ) , and Rachel Song , who brought two movies to Sundance this year : “ A Kid Like Jake ” and “ Nancy . ”
The 10 producers to watch are :
Tom Ackerley & Josey McNamara ( “ I , Tonya ” )
Related Women in Motion Highlights : Robin Wright , Salma Hayek , Diane Kruger and More Cannes : Luxbox Acquires Un Certain Regard 's ‘ The Dead and the Others ' ( EXCLUSIVE )
Sol Bondy & Jamila Wenske ( “ The Bookshop ” )
Dina Emam ( “ Yomeddine ” )
Anna-Maria Kantarius ( “ Amateurs ” )
Lasha Khalvashi ( “ Scary Mother , ” “ Horizon ” )
Christopher Lemole & Tim Zajaros ( “ Mudbound , ” “ Arctic ” )
Murad Osmann & Ilya Stewart ( “ Leto ” )
Shaun Sanghani ( “ Class Rank , ” “ The Pretenders ” )
Hugo Selignac ( “ Sink or Swim ” )
Rachel Song ( “ A Kid Like Jake ” )
The producers will be profiled in Variety 's Cannes issue on May 2 , and honored in person at Nespresso Cannes Plage on May 14 . Veteran Canadian film executive Victor Loewy will be honored for their long and esteemed career in international cinema at the event .
The 10 to Watch series , which is celebrating its 21th anniversary this year , spotlights emerging writers , actors , producers , directors , comics and cinematographers . Honorees are curated from submissions from the entertainment industry and selected by a team of Variety 's critics , reporters and editors .
( pictured : “ Yomeddine ” )
January and February have been busy months for the members of the Lochaber Leisure Centre swim team .
Highland swim team trials results :
First list of new club records for girls 11 years old : Evie-Jay 100m front crawl ( F/c ) , 100 and 200 back crawls ( B/c ) , 100m breaststroke ( Br ) , 100 individual medley ( IM ) . 12 years old : Poppy 200 B/c and Alice-Ann , 200 Br . 13 years old : Jenna 100,200 and 400m F/c , 100 B/c , 200 Br .
14 years old : Siobhan 100 and 200m F/c , 200m butterfly , Millie 100 B/c , 100 and 200m Br , 100 and 400m IM . 15 years old : Aimee 100 and 200m Br , 100 and 200 Fly , 100 , 200 and 400m IM 100 B/c .
Boys nine and under : Sean 100 F/c and 100m B/c . 10 years old : Alex 100 F/c , 100 Br .
12 years old : Kai 100 and 200m B/c . Indigo 200 Br . 13 years old : Alistair ( Ardnamurchan ) 200m F/c and Br . Gabriel , 200 B/c . 15 years old : Lyall ( Ardnamurchan ) 100 and 200m Br , 400m F/c . Jack 100 and 200m B/c , 100 and 200 IM .
Scottish Schools Championships – East Kilbride :
Evie-Jay ( Inverlochy Primary ) finished fourth in the 50m back crawl in the 12 and underage group . They were initially placed third on the electronic scoreboard only to be suddenly relegated to fourth by the smallest of margins of 0.1s .
Aimee ( Lochaber High ) had two magnificent swims in finishing fifth in the 100m breaststroke and sixth in the 200m breaststroke .
These are the highest ever placings by local girl swimmers in this long-standing competition .
A spokesperson for the club said : ‘ This was another massive step forward for the club , having our swimmers qualifying for this competition is an achievement in itself but to come away with these three results is simply remarkable . '
North District Championships Aberdeen :
Jenna McLean won a silver medal in the 100m front crawl , finished sixth in the 200m individual medley , 11th in the 50m breaststroke and finished fifth in the 400m front crawl .
Evie- Jay managed a fourth place finish in the 200m back crawl and 12th in the 50m breaststroke .
Millie , although they only entered as 15th fastest swimmer in their 100m breaststroke , managed to qualify for the final before losing out in a close finish to finish sixth , only 0.5s behind the bronze medallist .
The only boy in attendance was Lyall , who despite having a club record breaking 50m front crawl swim , has not got the results they have deserved for all their recent hard work .
Aimee , finishing third place in the 200m breaststroke a full 8s in front of the next swimmer and what would have been the first North District medal , was later disqualified for twitching on the starting blocks , a minor offence but still one which carries a disqualification . They also missed out on racing in the same heat as Hannah Miley instead swimming a heat apart , maybe next time .
Siobhan moved up almost 20 places from their entry time in their favourite race the 100m front crawl .
The youngest swimmer on the day , Danni is continuing to improve with every swim and is definitely as talented as their older sister Jenna .
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Kingdom of Jordan is cutting all diplomatic ties with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , the official Gazette stated on Friday , February 2 , according to Al-Masdar News .
According to the Gazette , a royal decree was issued and later approved by King ‘ Abdullah 's cabinet this week .
The North Korean ambassador to Jordan currently resides in Damascus and will no longer have access to the Hashemite Kingdom .
No reason was cited for Jordan 's decision to cut diplomatic ties .
Coutinho is special to Klopp – McAllister says Brazil star must stay at Liverpool
Gary McAllister tells Omnisport they are confident Philippe Coutinho will remain at Liverpool .
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017 , 21:00 IST
Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho
Philippe Coutinho is `` special '' to Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp and the club must keep him , according to former midfielder Gary McAllister .
The Liverpool star , who captained Brazil for the first time in their 4-0 win over Australia on Tuesday , has been linked with a close-season move to Barcelona .
But McAllister is confident Coutinho wants to stay at Anfield and feels their special bond with Klopp will help ensure the attacking midfielder stays .
`` He is a fantastic player , '' McAllister , who worked as a coach under Brendan Rodgers in 2015 before taking up an ambassadorial role , said to Omnisport .
`` I was very fortunate in that short period I worked with Brendan to work with Phillippe .
`` It was just a pleasure to train with them and watch them train every day . They are very special , they are special to the manager - you can see that .
`` But also , when I watch them play , they look like a player who is very content here at Liverpool Football Club .
`` So it is crucial we do keep them but I think they want to stay . As far as who comes in , those decisions are in good hands .
`` A lot of managers say they are winners but I think we have got a manager who has actually won things .
`` He is a winner . So I think they are very capable of bringing in what we need [ in the transfer market ] to supplement the good players we have already got . ''
McAllister is in no doubt over the importance of Liverpool 's return to the Champions League and felt their top-four finish last season was fully deserved .
`` I think it would have been very tragic if we had n't qualified , '' they said .
`` I do n't think there were four better teams than Liverpool . We were very competitive the whole period . I just felt it would have been a wee bit unjust if they had n't made it .
`` We finished the season really well . All players , all top players now , and all the players here , they want to be playing against the best , and the best players in the world now play in the Champions League .
`` I understand why players want to play in the Champions League because it is the barometer – that is where all the best players produce their magic . ''
Bungie community manager Chris “ Cozmo ” Shannon confirmed the addition of Crucible ranks and private matches for the game 's third season in Tuesday 's live “ Destiny 2 ” broadcast . Private matches were previously delayed in the interest of rolling out a 6v6 Iron Banner event , and a public Crucible ranking system has long been a major request among the Destiny community .
Bungie 's ranking system for 2004 's “ Halo 2 ” is considered a landmark for online competitive games .
Along with ranked play and private lobbies , the Crucible will also be getting a fresh meta courtesy of retooled exotic weapons . For example , the Skyburner 's Oath scout rifle will be getting grenade-style explosive rounds when fired from the hip ; Hard Light , which historically has ricochet rounds , will now inflict double damage with bounce shots .
Season 3 will introduce new Crucible maps pegged to the Warmind expansion . These will be free for all players in public matchmaking , but will require purchase of the new DLC in order to be played in private matches .
Today during a livestream on Twitch , which began at 1 p.m. Eastern , developers at Bungie and Vicarious Vision unveiled “ Warmind , ” the second expansion for “ Destiny 2. ” The “ Warmind ” DLC has been slated for release on May 8 , 2018 , and will kick off the game 's third season of content updates . According to Bungie 's current development roadmap for the game , season three will introduce a reworked loadout system and randomized weapons — two changes regularly asked for by the community — as well as features called “ gear collections ” and “ records . ”
A friend of Matt Hughes ' provided a positive update on the former UFC welterweight champion , calling their recovery from a June collision `` nothing short of a miracle . ''
`` Less than two months ago I did n't know if my best friend was going to make it , and tonight we made a jail break for sushi ( in disguise . Ha ) , '' Tony Zucca wrote in a social media post Sunday that accompanied a photo of the two friends on a sidewalk . `` Talk about a rollercoaster of emotions ! ''
Hughes was airlifted to a medical facility in mid-June after the truck they were driving collided with a train about 12 miles north of Hughes ' home in Hillsboro , Illinois .
According to Illinois State Police , Hughes , 43 , drove a pickup truck across a railroad grade crossing `` directly in front of a train , and the train struck the passenger side of the truck . '' Although Hughes did n't suffer any broken bones or internal injuries in the crash , they remained in a coma until last month .
Zucca wrote that Hughes `` is working so hard and fights through the frustration '' and called their friend `` an inspiration . ''
Hughes ( 45-9 ) held the UFC welterweight championship at various points between 2001 and 2006 . They are recognized as one of the greatest 170-pound fighters of all time . Hughes , who has not fought since 2011 and announced their retirement in 2013 , publicly said they were considering a comeback fight earlier this year .
According to Zucca , Hughes told them on Sunday that they have `` one more round '' left in him .
`` He laughed ... but definitely was n't joking ! '' Zucca added .
Information from ESPN 's Brett Okamoto was used in this report .
2-Year-Old Injured In Lawnmower Accident
April 17 , 2017
A child was seriously injured during an accident involving a lawnmower on Monday in South Lyon .
The Green Oak Township Police and Fire Departments responded to a report in the areas of Ten Mile Road and Pheasant Lake Road around 12:16pm . Reports indicated the 2-year-old child had been struck by a mower , which was attached to a lawn tractor , and sustained significant injury to their lower extremities .
Upon arrival , police learned the lawn mower was being operated by the child 's grandparent . The grandparent reported that the child ran out in front of the tractor and could not be stopped before striking the child with the mowing deck . Emergency care was provided on scene by police , firefighters and Huron Valley Ambulance .
Officials say the child was transported to the University of Michigan Mott Children 's Hospital for continued emergency care . ( JM )
UNITED NATIONS , Oct 6 ( APP ) : A new United Nations report says more
than 8,000 children were killed or injured in armed conflicts throughout
the world last year , a number that UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called “ unacceptable . ”
The UN said in a statement that its annual Children and Armed Conflict
report , presented to the UN Security Council on October 5 , found that Afghanistan had the highest number of verified child casualties since
the 192-nation body began documenting civilian casualties in 2009 .
The report said that 3,512 children in Afghanistan were killed or
maimed in 2016 , up 24 percent from the previous year . In Syria the figure was 1,299 , and in Yemen it was 1,340 .
The report also found that hundreds of children were victims of sexual
violence , targeted in attacks on schools , or recruited as soldiers .
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more
than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015 . And the U.N .
verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan , more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces , they said .
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children
committed by extremist groups – al-Shabab , Boko Haram , the Islamic State
and the Taliban – totaled more than 6,800 .
Releasing the report , the Special Representative of the
Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict , Virginia Gamba , said , “ The tragic fate of child victims of conflict can not and must not leave
us unmoved ; a child killed , recruited as a soldier , injured in an attack
or prevented from going school due to a conflict is already one too
many . ”
Expressing shock over the scale of violations documented in the
report , Guterres , the UN chief , reiterated their call on parties to
conflict to abide by their responsibility to protect children , in
accordance with their obligation under international humanitarian and
human rights law .
“ The goal of the report is not only to raise awareness of the
violations of the rights of children but also to promote measures that
can diminish the tragic plight of children in conflict , read a statement attributable to the spokesperson for the Secretary-General .
“ The Secretary-General is encouraged that several governments and
non-state actors are now working with the United Nations towards that objective . They hope that more will follow , ” it added .
The statement further noted that the new Developments and Concerns
section included in the report reflects this enhanced UN engagement ,
which should lead to reducing the suffering of children victims of armed conflict and increase their protection .
The violations covered in the report include recruitment or use of
children ; killing or maiming children ; committing rape and other forms of sexual violence against children ; engaging in attacks on schools and/or hospitals ; and abducting children in situations of armed conflict .
The parties which committed these violations are listed in annexes to
the report . The annexes also include parties that have put in place
measures to improve protection of children during the reporting period
and those who have not implemented adequate measures .
The European fintech wave ca n't stop and wo n't stop . That 's why I 'm excited to announce that the founder and CEO of Starling Bank Anne Boden is joining us at Disrupt Berlin .
While it feels like everybody is talking about challenger banks , Boden started thinking about building a new bank back in 2014 . They ditched a carrer in traditional banks to start their own thing .
Starling provides a current account specifically designed for your phone . You can open an account in just a few minutes using the company 's mobile app .
Whenever you use your card or send money , you can instantly see the transaction in the app — there 's no delay . You can also receive push notifications instantly . When it comes to your card , you can lock it when you ca n't find it , and there 's no exchange fee when you use your card abroad . Starling supports Apple Pay , Google Pay , Samsung Pay , Fitbit Pay and , yes , even Garmin Pay .
Starling is even better with multiple people . For instance , if your roommate or significant other also has a Starling account , you can create a joint account for shared bills . You can also send money instantly to other Starling accounts .
The startup has been building a marketplace to become the only banking app you need . There are already a handful of fintech companies leveraging the Starling API . You 'll find savings , investment and mortgage products . You can centralize your paper receipts and more from the Starling app .
The startup already has its own banking license and has been raising a funding round of more than $ 100 million .
Starling operates in a very competitive market , with well-funded startups such as Monzo , Revolut and N26 all iterating quite quickly . That 's why it 's going to be interesting to hear Boden 's take on challenger banks , the fintech industry and their experience with Starling .
TechCrunch is coming back to Berlin to talk with the best and brightest people in tech from Europe and the rest of the world . In addition to fireside chats and panels , new startups will participate in the Startup Battlefield Europe to win the coveted cup .
Tickets to the show , which runs November 29-30 , are available here .
Really ? I know my battery life is painfully short , so I plug my laptop into an outlet before most uses .
I went to an Apple Store , where a staffer checked my laptop and said it was operating normally . They even showed me a printout of the metrics .
Once , I hung up when the phone line was poor and the rep called back after I 'd started another call , so I was juggling two technicians at once . But my battery charging problem persisted .
I called Apple – even though my computer ( bought in 2011 ) was well beyond its warranty – and found the technical support people were friendly and caring in trying to diagnose my problem .
A few months ago , I found my MacBook Air laptop was n't charging properly . The battery went to zero in less than three hours , far from the eight or so hours it used to go after a recharge .
Grant Lowe : My older iPad 2 had software issues , with apps crashing and not displaying web pages properly . I spent time calling and sending emails . The diagnosis process took months .
I 'll relate a few stories today from satisfied customers and follow up with problems I sent to Apple to address . ( This takes a while , it seems . ) And yes , poor battery performance was mentioned by several readers .
That 's my Apple story . What 's yours ? When I asked Toronto Star readers , they were enthusiastic about this admired company 's service and ability to resolve tough problems .
Apple finally replaced the tablet at no cost , though I 'd purchased it secondhand refurbished from eBay . Unfortunately , the company does n't design products for longevity .
Erwin Revin : I had a problem with my six-year-old iPad . I had updates waiting for two apps ( Google and Google Maps ) , but they went dark when I started them . Rogers could not help me .
I called Apple and they cured the problem after 30 to 45 minutes . They made me feel so important . I could not have been treated any better .
James Busby : I went through three Apple TV 3rd generation products . Each one did n't work . Finally , after many hours of calls , emails and trips to the official Apple stores , I spoke to a customer rep from California who was amazing . They sent me a new one , as well as a free AirPort Extreme base station ( worth $ 249 ) for my troubles . Wow !
The last Apple TV 3 I received has the same problem and it is way out of warranty . I wish managers were more accessible at Apple stores when you have serious non-warranty issues ( a minor complaint ) . I own many Apple products and love them all .
Judy Bernard : I had a battery problem with an iPhone I purchased in July 2016 , still under warranty . My battery would n't hold a charge . Online customer service found nothing wrong . They did a reset and then a restart , with no difference in battery life .
I live in Havelock , Ont. , almost two hours from an Apple Store . I was desperate and took my phone there . Tests found nothing wrong . I went back two weeks later . Again , I was told this was normal .
We had lunch and returned to the store . Because this was the third trip for the same problem , they gave me a new phone . I was warned the new phone probably would n't solve the problem , but it lasts two to three days without recharging under normal use .
Where does Apple service excel ? I had no trouble chatting with or seeing a technician in a reasonable time . They were always polite .
I did have trouble getting them to believe it was a product fault , even when they could see the battery was losing power quickly . But I did get a new phone that works as I believe it should .
Mo Jansons : My son had a 15-minute school project recorded on an Apple phone . It was too large to be transferred via conventional means . Loading it into our older Apple laptop would n't work either .
The staff at the Apple Store spent three hours with us ( serving other clients while our files were loading ) until the problem was resolved . Naturally , the new laptop we bought was from them .
Dad of autistic 7-year-old son : We received an iPad Mini to foster their communication skills as a “ talkie. ” This includes Apple Care , where we get three replacements , no questions asked , for a $ 50 fee .
He 's learned to use this device to ask for things and reduce frustrations in everyday life . But my son is very active . We have broken five devices in two years and gone through countless “ indestructible cases , ” which Best Buy replaced without an issue ( OtterBox has lasted the longest ) .
At the Apple Store , when the damage appears to be their fault , they replace the device . I have n't had to pay the deductible . For a small cost , we 've been able to replace many devices and not have it cost a fortune .
I like to see how accommodating and inquisitive their staff is when they hear it 's a communicative device . Because of the protection and the humanity of such a huge chain , I will definitely continue to use them . Now if only they can custom-make some devices that are more sturdy .
Dear readers : Join the conversation . What is your experience of Apple 's products and services compared to others you 've owned ? And what can you do with a fading battery if not ready to buy a new device ?
Ellen Roseman appears in Smart Money . You can reach them at eroseman @ thestar.ca .
A Dunstable judo club is celebrating success after they attended a national competition and came home with an impressive six medals .
On November 19 , St Katherine 's Judo Kwai attended the British Judo Council 's Closed Nationals held in Kettering , entering nine competitors and winning six medals .
Andrew Papworth ; Kory Crosby ; Aimee Field ; Olly Leach ( who didnt compete but came along to support ) ; Benjamin Ani-Adjei ; Jack Tibbles ; Thomas Lovering ; Joe Chapman ( who didnt compete but came along to support )
All the competitors won at least one contest and from the nine competitors , the club were delighted to take home six medals : one gold medal , three silver and two bronze .
Coach Chris Yates , said : “ Last year one of our competitors , Thomas Lovering , went to the competition and they won a medal , so I think this year everybody thought ‘ I want a piece of that ! '
“ The competition has given everyone confidence and the will to go for it .
“ Some of the children in our club came and watched and the atmosphere was fantastic !
All the hard work paid off !
“ One of our competitors , Josh Willer , 16 , had to fight one of the adults and although they did n't win they gave a good account of himself ! ”
The medal winners were : Benjamin Ani-Adjei ( gold medal ) , Jack Tibbles ( silver ) , Kory Crosby- ( silver ) , Thomas Lovering ( silver ) , Peter Szatmari ( bronze ) and Aimee Field ( bronze ) .
Chris added : “ It was a long day , absolutely exhausting !
“ We were on the road early in the morning and at our next practice everyone was buzzing ! We gave the competitors a big round of applause .
Benjamin Ani-Adjei receiving their gold medal .
“ I would like to thank everyone for coming along in the crowd and showing respect and etiquette .
“ The kids were great and it makes the teaching worthwhile . We 're a small club and we need people turning up to keep us going ! ”
The club is based on St Katherine Drive . To find out more , search St. Katherine 's Judo Kwai on Facebook .
Aimee Field , Kory Crosby ( middle ) and Jack Tibbles .
By Seth Daniel
September is now in the rearview mirror , and still there has been no word , or even an inkling of activity , from the developers of One Charlestown regarding the new design that they were scheduled to unveil some time after Labor Day .
Now , many in the Town are growing restless and wondering just what has become of Corcoran Jennison 's new plans , which were supposedly being ironed out over the summer and supposedly being presented to the Town in mid-September .
That did not happen , though .
Repeated requests from the Patriot-Bridge this month to the new public relations firm representing Corcoran ( they changed over the summer from O'Neil and Associates to McDermott Ventures ) were not answered .
The Boston Planning and Development Agency ( BPDA ) has n't scheduled any known public meetings as of yet on the matter .
At the Charlestown Neighborhood Council ( CNC ) , Chair Tom Cunha said they are getting worried that there might not be enough time now for the community to have a proper review of the new plans .
“ We have told people there would be some information on One Charlestown and there has n't been and we 're concerned , ” they said on Tuesday night . “ They have told me they have a new plan and some of it requires movement to other sites…Time is ticking . I do n't want to hear in December and January that the community did n't act right away . We think we need some serious time as a community to dissect this new plan…They need to bring something to us . It was all guns and roses and let 's get going in February . Then they had the moratorium . ”
They said they have reached out to the company , and they have indicated that they are n't yet ready to bring the plan to the community . They said they believe part of the problem is they are now looking at multiple sites for the project , rather than just one large site on the Bunker Hill Housing Development .
Numerous Earth Day related events planned in Atherton on April 22
Atherton 's Earth Day celebration runs from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm on Saturday , April 22 , 2017 , at the Town Center ( Ashfield Road and Dinkelspiel Station Lane ) .
The Town 's Environmental Programs Committee , Recology and the Atherton Library are teaming up to bring residents free garden mulch , e-waste safe recycling , secure shredding , eco-friendly 3-D printing , the San Mateo County Bookmobile , earth friendly planting , family friendly experiments , the ever-popular Student Challenge , and much more .
All local high school students are welcome to give presentations on environmental issues , and can sign up to participate by completing the online application . The Student Challenge is juried with prizes and awards for participants .
The E-scrap , shred and compost giveaway will be held in its normal location – parking lot directly behind the Police Department ( corner of Dinkelspiel and Fair Oaks ) .
There will also be a presentation on sustainable gardening by Laurel Nagle at 11:00 am . Laurel is a Master Gardener with over 20 years of gardening experience , and they are excited to share their extensive knowledge . with our community ! They are the owner of Every Bloomin ' Thing , a container gardening service for residences and businesses on the peninsula
Laurel completed the Landscape Architecture program at UC Berkeley Extension . They taught Drought Tolerant Gardening , and Garden Design for Homeowners through the community education department at the College of San Mateo . Additional lectures have been on container gardening at Lyngso and the San Francisco Flower & Garden Show . Them particular interest is anything that blooms .
Admission is free . Bring your family and your curiosity . Please contact Dori Ganetsos , Sustainability Coordinator , at ( 650 ) 752-0544 or dganetsos @ ci.atherton.ca.us for more information about this event .
Photo courtesy of Every Bloomin ' Thing
Former Minnesota Gov . Tim Pawlenty has formed a campaign committee to run for their old job .
The two-term Republican governor announced Monday they created a campaign committee for the 2018 election . It 's not official yet , as Pawlenty still needs to formally file for the office .
But it 's the surest sign yet that Pawlenty plans to enter the race after starting to raise money recently . They say he 'll make a final announcement soon .
Pawlenty would bring widespread recognition in Minnesota and unparalleled fundraising ability in the race to replace Democratic Gov . Mark Dayton . But their five years lobbying in Washington for the nation 's biggest banks also brings political risk .
It would be a return to politics for Pawlenty , who left office in 2011 and ran a short-lived 2012 presidential campaign .
A.P . Hota was the first MD and CEO of NPCI since 23 August 2010 . Photo : Mint
Mumbai : National Payments Corp. of India ( NPCI ) on Monday said A.P . Hota has retired from the position of managing director and CEO on 10 August .
Dilip Asbe , the chief operating officer will be CEO-in-charge till a new incumbent assumes charge , NPCI said in a statement in Mumbai on Monday .
Hota was the first managing director and CEO of NPCI since 23 August 2010 . NPCI was set up in 2009 as the central infrastructure for various retail payment systems .
When the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn . agreed to uphold Universal 's placement of Jordan Peele 's horror satire “ Get Out ” in the comedy category at the Golden Globes , it registered as an affront for many . “ Their [ sic ] is nothing funny about racism , ” one of the film 's stars , Lil Rel Howard tweeted . “ The real question is , what are you laughing at ? … Are you disregarding what 's real about this project , ” Peele posed to an Indiewire reporter , before later clarifying that they were aware of the decision-making process .
Media got a solid week or so out of the talking point . There was a sense of perceived demotion in some quarters — along with a distinct whiff of comedy being seen as “ lesser than ” — while in others , a broader definition of comedy was called for and defended . Still others saw it as a big studio gaming the system , as Fox was accused of doing with “ The Martian ” two years ago , though the HFPA has final say on these matters .
The debate is sure to flame up anew as Peele 's film secured the best picture , comedy or musical , Globe nomination Monday morning . The film 's star , Daniel Kaluuya , also received a nomination in the comedy actor category . Though Peele themselves was left off in both the director and screenplay fields ; to date , “ Get Out ” has received more screenplay honors from critics groups than any other film .
Related Golden Globes Nominations : 21 Biggest Snubs and Surprises Golden Globes Nominations : Streaming Steals the Spotlight
Whether “ Get Out ” can walk away with the gold is another matter . The other nominees are formidable . James Franco 's “ The Disaster Artist ” is said to be a favorite among HFPA members . “ The Greatest Showman ” is a rousing musical in line with what the group 's traditionalists love to see in the category . “ I , Tonya ” is another hip option for younger members . And “ Lady Bird ” is the respectable critics darling ( laureled already this season by the New York Film Critics Circle ) .
The division over the the film 's placement could also cause residual harm ; voters who believed it should have competed as a drama would presumably be unlikely to choose it now . It would risk another awkward moment akin to when Ridley Scott called out the “ Martian ” situation as they accepted the very honor .
I 'm so damn proud of Daniel and the cast and crew of GET OUT for these nominations ! ✊🏾 — Jordan Peele ( @ JordanPeele ) December 11 , 2017
Come what may , “ Get Out ” will continue to defy convention well after the neat little boxes of awards season are cleared out .
“ It felt like the comedy education I got the last decade or so worked perfectly in this film , ” Peele told Variety ‘ s “ Playback ” podcast in February . “ I feel both horror and laughter are ways we face our demons , ways we deal with our fears of death . It 's about tension , tension , tension , then release , with a certain pinpoint precision . In a way that 's a metaphor for life and death . We spend our whole lives fearing the ultimate absurdity , which is that this is temporary . ”
The 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be held on Sunday , Jan. 7 , 2018 .
Source : Zim saves $ 180m from diseases ' grant | The Herald June 13 , 2017
Herald Reporter
Zimbabwe has saved over $ 180 million from its initially allocated budget to fight HIV and Aids , tuberculosis and malaria between 2014 and 2017 , Aids and TB Unit director Dr Owen Mugurungi has said . Dr Mugurungi said the country was allocated about $ 311 million by the Global Fund to fight the three diseases for a period of three years , from which these savings were realised .
They attributed the savings in HIV and Aids programming to a drop in drug prices , which have gone down from a high of about $ 10 to $ 7 for an individual 's course .
“ When we applied for this grant , four years ago , drug prices were around $ 10 for a month-long course for one person , ” they said . “ But now , prices have gone down and we have been realising these savings over the years . ”
For tuberculosis , Dr Mugurungi said much of the funding was for procurement of equipment and infrastructure development .
“ There have been procurement delays due to a number of issues and we are hoping by the end of the year , we would have procured all that was in the proposal in line with TB care and treatment , ” said Dr Mugurungi .
They said Government had since re-channelled $ 138 million towards other interventions .
“ We are hoping that some of the funds would be ploughed back into drug procurement to increase our buffer stock from the current six months to at least a year , ” said Dr Mugurungi .
They said Government was in the process of consulting relevant stakeholders on what should the country prioritise in its national response .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
LIFE & STYLE
K-pop artists perform during KCON 2017 NY held in New York on June 23 . ( CJ E & M )
In the 1990s , Korea 's popular culture begin to expand overseas , mostly to other Asian countries . It was during this time that the government begin emphasizing the potential of culture industry.The term Hallyu ( Korean wave ) , which was coined by the Chinese media in 2000 to describe the onslaught of Korean dramas and pop songs there , was quickly adopted by Korea too to refer to Korean entertainment content . Today , it is used to describe a gamut of content and products of Korean origin.As Koreans reflect upon the past two decades of Hallyu , a question on people ‘ s minds is , how long will it last ? Tracing back to the dawn of Hallyu , one unexpectedly encounters Steven Spielberg 's “ Jurassic Park. ” A year after the 1993 film 's release , the presidential advisory committee reported to then-President Kim Young-sam that the movie had made about $ 850 million in one year , roughly equivalent to the profit earned by selling 1.5 million cars.Shocked by such numbers , the committee concluded that promoting the culture industry could be the most proficient way to maximize profit.Since then Korea has turned from a pop culture importer to an exporter.According to Korea Creative Content Agency , the country exported roughly $ 5.66 billion worth of content and imported $ 1.18 billion worth of content last year.In 2013 , a Hollywood remake of director Park Chan-wook 's gruesome revenge thriller “ Oldboy ” was unveiled , with director Spike Lee at the helm . Smash hit drama “ Guardian ” was recently aired on Japanese TV , having reportedly been sold for over $ 200,000 per episode.Millions of tourists visit Korea each year , a considerable number of them Hallyu fans.Kanae Tanaka , 53 , a tourist from Osaka , Japan , said they became fascinated with Korea after watching the 2002 drama “ Winter Sonata , ” and has visited the country nearly 50 times.Even with China 's recent ban on Korean content , its popularity remains strong. “ Guardian , ” although it was not officially exported to China , was searched more than 3.2 billion times on Weibo , Chinese social networking service. “ I was used to dealing with J-pop . It was a lot similar ( to K-pop ) , but that was back in the day . Now I feel like K-pop is dominating Asia , ” said Dutch DJ Ferry Corsten , one of the most prominent figures in the trance music scene.Having worked with K-pop artists Amber and Luna , Corsten is planning to do more work with S.M . Entertainment artists later this year.With Hallyu reaching a wider spectrum of fans , there has been concern over insensitivity to people of different cultures.Such concern materialized last month in a depiction of the Islamic culture in the MBC drama “ Man Who Dies to Live. ” In what was intended as a comical caricature , the creators depicted the Islamic tradition in a way that was inaccurate and offensive to some viewers. “ Depicting Islamic culture in a drama was n't wrong or needs apologizing . But depicting it wrongly is what offended the Muslims , ” said one disgruntled reader of The Korea Herald. “ The drama is a classic case of a ‘ Galapagos syndrome ' of Korean drama , ” said Cho Won-hee , a culture critic and movie director.As the producers are accustomed to making dramas for a mainly Korean audience , they would have been unaware of what may be offensive to people of other cultures , Cho pointed out.Cho went on to say that the limitations of Hallyu does not stop at such accidental and unintended offensive depictions.He raised doubts on whether diversifications of genres in Korean dramas will do well with foreign fans , who fell in love with romance-driven Hallyu dramas like “ Winter Sonata. ” “ More diverse dramas are popping up , most recently “ Stranger ” that was a big hit in Korea . ... I do n't think foreign fans fell in love with ‘ these kinds of ' dramas , ” they said. “ When you look at how Hallyu is depicted in countries like Malaysia , you can see what they think Hallyu is : a story mainly about a devoted couple expressing their love to each other. “ This kind of dramas have passed their prime in Korea . Korean fans will keep on searching for new types of dramas , while foreign fans will have different opinions . It will be hard to cater to both spectrum of fans , ” they said.Last month , President Moon Jae-in said they plan to increase the number of Hallyu fans to 100 million in the next five years . The number of Hallyu fans today is estimated to be around 60 million.However , local cultural figures said that such an approach derives from a lack of understanding on how pop culture works.Writer Son A-ram told local media that focusing on already-established forms of pop culture would be like “ fertilizing the fruit , instead of the root. ” “ If everyone made the same content , diversification of culture takes a hit . You never know which underground artists may grow to create a multi-billion dollar market , ” they said.Director Cho said the best tactic for creating content that appeals to a foreign audience is to focus on each individual content , not treating it as part of an international phenomenon that is Hallyu. “ BTS is a good example . The boyband is not popular because it is Korean artists ; it is popular because its music and concept appeal to the international audience . The same with Psy ( in 2012 ) , ” they said.By Yoon Min-sik ( minsikyoon @ heraldcorp.com )
A lot of lip service is given to our opioid epidemic and the recent spike in overdose deaths , but I see little done about it . There 's a growing `` treat 'em and street 'em '' in the rehabilitation industry , yet I see addict friends back in the same place once they 're out , jobless , homeless , living in depressing shelters or wherever , and guess what they turn to – again ? The one good thing about jail is at least they stay clean for awhile and are in a safe , warm place with 3 square meals , and you do n't have to be worried sick about them .
Maybe we 'd be better off treating addiction like the illness it is , instead of a crime , letting addicts get their safe dose of heroin , crack or meth at a medical clinic . Switzerland does this , and it 's come close to ending overdose deaths and the black market , organized crime dealing of drugs . Addicts even hold jobs . And they are n't demonized and criminalized .
We 're not even beginning to look the problem in the eye . With military bases in Afghanistan and Columbia , our main drug sources , I wonder if our government wants it that way . There 's too much money to be made off addiction .
Charlotte Burns , Palmer
Honkers first baseman Zach Zubia was named league MVP , but they could n't bring a victory to their team to end the season , as the Honkers finished the 2017 season on a three-game losing streak , finishing with a record of 30-39 , 12.5 games out of first place .
On Friday in Duluth , the Honkers had a chance to win , tying the game at 3-3 in the sixth , but the bullpen faltered , giving up four runs combined in the seventh and eighth in the eventual 7-3 loss .
Saturday , the Honkers began a two-game set with Mankato . In this one , the Honkers were able to jump out to a 4-1 lead , as Zach Zubia hit a solo shot , their 22nd home run of the year in the bottom of the first to tie the game at one , then in the fourth , the Honkers ' Griffin Neuer drove in a run with an RBI single , then they were helped by an error that allowed two to score to make it a 4-1 game .
That lead would hold until the eighth , when Jacob Green would give up three runs , due to walks and wild pitches that allowed the MoonDogs to tie the game at four .
Then in the ninth , Mankato would score via bases loaded walk to take the lead , and the Honkers would go down in order to end the game .
The Honkers made a comeback effort on Sunday , getting down 5-1 , but their three runs in the eighth and ninth were not enough in their 5-4 loss to end the season . Ironically , the league MVP , Zach Zubia committed the final out of the year for the Honkers as they flew out to center field to end the season .
Speaking of Zubia , the young first baseman from Texas , finished the year with an average of .311 , hitting a league record 22 home runs , while driving in 62 runs , and collecting 74 hits and 57 walks , next to 51 strikeouts .
Overall , the Honkers went 16-19 in the first half , and 14-20 in the second half , even spending some time up in the top three in the North Division early in the second half . This marks the second consecutive season that the Honkers did not make the playoffs .
PARIS -- The Marco Trungelliti road show is homeward bound , but not quite in so much of a rush this time .
Trungelliti , whose breakneck 600-mile-plus drive from their home in Barcelona to Paris to fill an empty slot in the singles draw attracted global attention and amusement , lost in the second round of Roland Garros on Wednesday to Italy 's Marco Cecchinato , 6-1 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-1 .
The 28-year-old Argentine was philosophical afterwards . `` I was n't good , '' they told a small room packed with reporters . `` He played much better than me . I was a bit tired physically and mentally . ''
Editor 's Picks Djokovic again solid , advances to 3rd at French Novak Djokovic , playing with their lowest Grand Slam seeding ( 20th ) since 2006 , won in straight sets to reach the third round of the French Open .
Serena Williams and the mother of all comebacks It was a solid win and a superhero statement . Should we have expected anything less from Serena Williams at the French Open ?
After slow start , Halep storms back at French After making 16 unforced errors in losing the first set , Simona Halep stormed back to beat Alison Riske in the first round of the French Open . 2 Related
Trungelliti had three set points on Cecchinato 's serve in the second set but could n't hang on , taking the wind out of them for the third set : `` In five minutes , I was down 4-0 , '' Trungelliti said .
`` I am happy , but at the same time , I 'm in the same situation as the last two years , '' said Trungelliti , who also won first-round matches here in 2016 , upsetting Marin Cilic , and 2017 . For me , Paris has something special . I would prefer to win today . I have to play better next time . ''
Trungelliti said he 's not sure whether he 'll enter another tournament next week . They and their family , including their soon-to-be-89-year-old grandmother , will drive back to Barcelona together `` and hopefully will be there for more than three days , '' they added . They were home for a scant 48 hours after losing in the qualifying tournament before deciding to dash back to Paris , ditching plans to go to the beach .
Trungelliti understood the novelty of their story and embraced it . `` It was different , '' they said . `` It 's the first time I lost and have 20 [ reporters ] here . Usually once you lose , you have nobody here . I enjoyed it . I never did an hour and a half of press conference like Roger [ Federer ] and those guys are doing every day . ''
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 1:13 pm |
Marcus Hutchins during an interview in Ilfracombe , England , in May . ( AP Photo/Frank Augstein , File )
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) - A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack pleaded not guilty Monday to federal charges accusing them of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago .
Marcus Hutchins entered their plea in Wisconsin federal court , where & prosecutors charged & them and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere . Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas , where they were going to board a flight to their home in Ilfracombe , England . They had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention .
Hutchins is free on $ 30,000 bail , but with strict conditions . Their bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S. , but Hutchins is not allowed to leave the country . They are currently staying at a hotel in Milwaukee .
They were also granted access to use a computer for work , a change from an earlier judge 's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet . Hutchins ' current work was n't detailed at Monday 's hearing . The next hearing in the case was set for Oct. 17 .
Hutchins ' attorney , Adrian Lobo , has n't responded to several phone messages left by The Associated Press over the last week .
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of & cybercrime-fighting hero & they enjoyed four months ago when they found a “ kill switch ” to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus . It crippled computers worldwide , encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $ 300 to $ 600 .
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim , they created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users . In addition to computer fraud , the indictment lists five other charges , including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization .
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015 , but the court document does n't offer any details about the number of victims . Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin . The name of Hutchins ' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment .
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges .
Staff Reporter
Starting from the 4th of February 2018 , Beaconhouse School System is all set to organise a nationwide exhibition featuring projects from the disciplines of Science , Technology , Education , Arts and Media ( STEAM ) .
Mr. Nassir Kasuri , Executive Director Beaconhouse and educationist , explained that the vision and purpose behindthis series of exhibitions by Beaconhousewas to educate parents and students regarding the role these tools will play in our everyday daily lives as well as education , and these exhibitions would expose our children to them and help prepare them for the times to come .
This series of exhibits would last for forty five days spanning over cities including Islamabad , Rawalpindi , MandiBahauddin , Mirpur , Kharian , Peshawar , Gujrat , Nowshera and Abbottabad .
A team of about six volunteers gathered at Lincoln Cemetery on Saturday , May 26 to make sure than an American flag was placed next to each veteran 's headstone for the national Memorial Day holiday on Monday , May 28 .
This ritual is done annually .
Throughout the cemetery , 296 military graves have been identified representing conflicts dating back to the Civil War .
In addition to the volunteers , family members and others who tend specific gravesites place flags .
People also place change on graves to honor veterans . A penny is left by anyone who wishes to respect a veteran , while a nickel shows the visitor trained or was at boot camp with the deceased service member . A dime represents soldiers who served together , and a quarter designates that the person who left it was present when the deceased was killed .
At some cemeteries , the coins are collected on a regular basis to help pay for expenses such as grounds maintenance .
“ I do n't collect the change because it belongs to the veterans , ” said Vanessa Gray , president of the Lincoln Cemetery Society , the non-profit that owns the facility . “ I believe in leaving all of it . I 'll be cleaning around a grave and when I find a coin I 'll say , ‘ Oh look ! A penny . You can have it back . ' ”
At least one veteran 's grave in Lincoln Cemetery receives all four coins , said Gray .
The temporary flags are picked up the day after Memorial Day , said Gray .
To volunteer for flag duty and for other activities at the cemetery , contact Gray at 727-280-6635 or visit lincolncemeterysociety.org .
Moparproshop.com is throwing power-crazy fans a bone and is currently offering the Hellcat crate engine , appropriately deemed the `` Hellcrate , '' at a massive discount . The website , which is affiliated with Galeana Chrysler Jeep in Columbia , South Carolina , shows the final sale price before tax at $ 14,998 , a discount of $ 4,532 over the normal price on the site and on the official Mopar website .
The crate engine normally sells for $ 19,530 , and it includes everything needed for near turn-key operation . A wiring harness , accelerator pedal , oxygen sensors , fuel pump control module , and more are all included to give any project car the Hellcat treatment . Not included is the front end accessory drive kit , which adds an alternator , a power steering pump , belts , and pulleys . That kit is an additional $ 2,195 .
With a couple clicks , a Hellcrate engine will be shipped out and ready for installation . With it , 707 horsepower and 650 pound-feet of torque will be on tap , just like you get in the Dodge Challenger and Charger SRT Hellcats and the Jeep Grand Cherokee SRT Trackhawk . Until the Dodge Challenger SRT Demon came around , with its 840-hp supercharged 6.2-liter V-8 engine , the Hellcat engine was top dog . And it 's still a formidable straight-line shooter .
Motor Authority reached out to Moparproshop , and a representative said the site tends to discount its crate engines based on the pricing it can get from Mopar and with the understanding that customers will also likely buy other parts and accessories for their projects . The site does n't know how long the sale will continue , so it might be best to buy while the price is right .
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. -- Buffalo Bills general manager Doug Whaley denied Monday having any involvement in coach Rex Ryan 's firing last week , insisting they were not aware of why Ryan was fired .
`` We just finished our weekly phone conversation with [ owner ] Terry [ Pegula ] , myself and Rex , '' Whaley said of last Tuesday 's firing of Ryan . `` Rex asked to speak to [ Pegula ] privately . After that , I was informed that Rex would no longer be our coach . I was n't privy to the conversation so I can not get into those details . ''
`` I look at it this way : I 'm the GM of the football operation . I was told by my boss that I would no longer be working with a certain person . My role is not to figure out why . My role is to take that information and go forward and put this organization in the best possible way to win football games . So for me , I did not ask . ''
Bills GM Doug Whaley disagreed with speculation that they did not cooperate well with Ryan or Marrone during their tenures as Bills coaches . Brett Carlsen/Getty Images
Pegula has not answered questions from local reporters since Ryan 's introductory news conference in January 2015 . They issued a five-sentence statement when Ryan was fired , wishing Ryan well and expressing disappointment in a season that ended Sunday with a 7-9 record .
Whaley , however , said Monday they `` speak [ s ] for the ownership and the team president '' in holding their NFL-mandated season-ending news conference .
Asked how they can speak for ownership about Ryan 's firing if they did not know why Ryan was fired by ownership , Whaley said , `` I ca n't give you the particulars of what happened in that conversation ; I can just tell you that I was informed that they were not going to be our coach going forward . ''
Both Ryan and Whaley reported directly to Pegula under the Bills ' organizational structure last season . Whaley said they do not know if that structure will remain in place when the Bills hire their next coach .
The Bills announced last week that Whaley , who will enter their fifth season as Bills ' general manager in 2017 , will lead the team 's coaching search . Whaley was assistant general manager in 2013 when the Bills hired Doug Marrone in 2013 , and Whaley said Monday they were part of a `` committee approach '' when Ryan was hired in 2015 .
`` This one will fall squarely on my shoulders , with the help of [ player personnel director ] Jim Monos , '' they said . `` So we 're going to approach it that way and I have full confidence in myself and the plan that we have in place that we 're going to go out and get the best guy for the Buffalo Bills . ''
Despite leading the search , Whaley said the Pegulas will have final say over who becomes the Bills ' next coach . Team president Russ Brandon will not be involved , a decision Whaley attributed to Brandon 's `` expanding role '' with the Pegulas ' other businesses .
Whaley disagreed with speculation that they did not cooperate well with Ryan or Marrone during their tenures as Bills coaches . They also brushed off the idea that them remaining as general manager will deter candidates who would want final say over the Bills ' roster .
`` I have full confidence in my reputation in the league circles , '' Whaley said . `` Not , obviously , in media circles , but in league circles , that would not be prohibitive . ''
The Bills have requested permission to interview Arizona Cardinals offensive coordinator Harold Goodwin and Carolina Panthers defensive coordinator Sean McDermott , sources told ESPN . Interim coach Anthony Lynn will interview with the Los Angeles Rams and the San Francisco 49ers , sources said , and is expected to keep their options open outside of Buffalo .
Iowa State starting quarterback Jacob Park is taking a leave of absence because of unspecified `` personal health issues , '' the team announced Friday night .
Park remains on the team but will be inactive beginning with Saturday 's game at No . 3 Oklahoma . The junior started Iowa State 's first four games , completing 61.7 percent of their passes for 1,181 yards with nine touchdowns and five interceptions .
`` Jacob is a great young man dealing with some personal medical concerns , '' Iowa State coach Matt Campbell said in a prepared statement . `` We are committed to helping them cope , supporting them on all levels and helping them prepare to get back on the playing field with their teammates as soon as possible . ''
There 's no timeline for Park 's return . Park , who began their career at Georgia before transferring to two small schools and eventually to Iowa State , threw three interceptions in Iowa State 's last game , a 17-7 home loss to Texas on Sept. 28 . They appeared to argue with Campbell on the sideline during the second half but remained in the game . Campbell denied rumors that Park had been suspended , and reiterated their support for the quarterback earlier this week .
`` We are focused on helping Jacob in any way we can , '' Campbell said in the Friday statement . `` I know how important the football team is to Jacob and how important Jacob is to the football team . But , supporting one another in difficult times is where our focus is . ''
Freshman Zeb Noland is listed as Iowa State 's backup quarterback for the Oklahoma game , and senior Kyle Kempt is the third-stringer .
MANHATTAN BEACH , Calif. — Facebook is the most downloaded app ever for Apple iPhones . Did your favorite app make the top 10 ?
The Apple iTunes App Store turns 10 on July 10 , and to celebrate , market research firm AppAnnie compiled a list marking the trends of the last decade , including the most downloaded apps , the most money spent on them and the market share disparity between Apple 's iOS operating system and Google 's Android .
Since the iOS App Store opened in 2008 , some 170 billion apps have been downloaded , and we 've spent $ 130 billion on them . In other words , Apple and app makers have done really well together . Apple takes a 30 % commission on every app sold or in-app purchase . And on the average , we have just over 100 apps installed on our iPhones and open just under 40 of them monthly .
Phones using the Android operating system dominate with an 85 % market share , according to market research firm IDC , to just 15 % for iOS , despite the iPhone being the far and away single best device seller . Because many Android models have a much lower retail price , there are many more Androids in use .
iPhone home screen
Jefferson Graham
Still , iOS apps represent 30 % of all app downloads , to 70 % for Android , says AppAnnie , but consumers are more likely to spend money buying apps or on in-app purchases via iOS to Google , 66 % to 34 % .
Games are the biggest moneymaker . They represent just 31 % of downloads , but 75 % of money spent on apps .
The most popular game downloads of all time are highlighted by Candy Crush Saga . The rest of the top 5 :
— Subway Surfers .
— Fruit Ninja
— Clash of Clans
— Honour of KInds .
For overall apps , Facebook is the most popular app download , followed by :
— Facebook Messenger
— YouTube
— Instagran
— What 's App
— Google Maps
— Snapchat
— Skype
— WeChat ( Chinese messaging apps . )
— QQ ( Chinese messaging app . )
AppAnnie did n't estimate individual download numbers in its rankings .
The non-game apps that bring in the most revenue all tend to be entertainment-related .
Streaming video service Netflix is no . 1 , followed by :
— Spotify , the streaming music service .
— Pandora , the veteran music streamer .
— Tencent Video ( from China )
— Tinder , the dating service .
As for the current top 10 , it 's more of the same , with a few name games you may have heard of .
— Hole.IO , the game is no . 1 on App Annie 's chart , followed by :
— Instagram
— YouTube
— Facebook Messenger
— Snapchat
— Fortnite
— Facebook
— Helix Jump
— World Link
— Google Maps .
The top 3 markets for apps , by far , are the United States ( 40 billion downloaded in 2017 ) closely followed by China ( 39 billion ) and Japan ( 9.5 ) to 8 billion in the United KIngdom and 4.5 billion in Russia .
While the U.S. average is 96 apps downloaded to our iPhones , France tops the list at 114 apps , with Mexico the lowest at 89 . I have 298 apps—how many are on your iPhone ? And which ones do you open daily ? Let 's talk about it on Twitter , where I 'm @ jeffersongraham .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Washington
Outgoing Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen said Friday they did not believe the major gains on Wall Street in recent months qualified as a “ bubble , ” but nevertheless warned investors to remain cautious .
Yellen , who leaves their post on Saturday and will be replaced on Monday by Jerome Powell , made the comments in an interview with PBS television before the Dow closed down more than 650 points , its biggest drop since June 2016 .
“ I do n't want to label what we 're seeing as a bubble , but I would say that assets valuations generally are elevated , ” Yellen said , advising investors to “ be careful to diversify in their investments . ”
The US stock market has gained more than 30 percent since President Donald Trump took office a year ago , but on Friday , fears about rising interest rates following better-than-expected January jobs data led to the major dip on Wall Street .
When asked about the state of the US economy , Yellen said that “ things are looking really strong , ” and highlighted the job market , “ with wages beginning to rise at a slightly faster pace. ” The US economy added 200,000 jobs in January , with unemployment holding at 4.1 percent—its lowest level in more than 17 years .
When asked about Trump 's decision not to renew them for a second four-year term at the Federal Reserve , the 71-year-old Yellen admitted they were “ disappointed. ” “ I would have liked to serve an additional term and I did make that clear , ” they said , in their first comments on the matter .
Named in 2014 by Trump 's predecessor Barack Obama to lead the Fed , Yellen was the first woman to head the US central bank . Powell , a Republican former investment banker , will be one of the rare non-economists to fill the role.—APP
___
GROWING UP : Raiders punter Marquette King once again found themselves on the wrong side of a personal foul penalty . King got called for their fourth personal foul in the past two seasons when they threw a ball at Denver 's Andy Janovich after getting stopped on a fake punt last week against the Broncos .
King was called for one horse-collar tackle and two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties last season . No other punter has had a personal foul enforced against their team the past two years .
`` It 's a matter of being mature enough to put the team ahead of yourself and being able to handle those emotions when you 're disappointed , '' coach Jack Del Rio said . `` Sometimes you 're disappointed and you want to lash out because it maybe makes you feel good for about three seconds . Then you deal with the consequences . Those were n't good consequences . ''
The Raiders have put up with these antics from King , who is also known to dance on the field after pinning opponents deep with a punt , because they are so good with their leg . King leads the league with a 52.6-yard gross average , as well as a 47.5-yard net average . Both are on pace to set records , breaking the marks of 51.4 yards gross by Sammy Baugh in 1940 and 46 yards net by the Rams ' Johnny Hekker last year .
__
HAVING Their CAKE : Martellus Bennett always has a way with words . This week 's entertaining analogy from the Green Bay Packers ' tight end had to do with baking cakes .
Yes , cakes .
Bennett was answering a question on when during their career did their focus shift from individual statistics to winning championships . Apparently , the victory in the Super Bowl during their one year in New England was the piece de resistance .
`` Once you taste that championship cake , and you figure out what it takes , you just want to taste that again , '' Bennett said . `` Individual cake is all good , a cake that you bake yourself is always going to be all right .
`` But when the team , when a lot of people are involved in the cooking process of baking the cake , it just seems to taste better , '' they continued , `` because of the joy that we 're seeing from multiple people , multiple hands on the pie . ''
Bennett is off to a decent start with 17 catches for 141 yards , though they have yet to find the end zone . Blocking has also been more of a priority than usual of late with injuries along the Packers ' offensive line .
___
WEARY Travellers : By the time the Ravens return from Oakland on Sunday night , they will have travelled more than 24,000 miles across nine times zones .
Baltimore made its first trip to London on Sept. 24 , stayed home last week and left for a cross-country trip on Friday . It 's all part of the job , and the Ravens are n't blaming time on the airplane for their two-game skid on the field .
`` You do n't think too much about it when you 're a player . You just go out there and play , '' quarterback Joe Flacco said .
Going out west is one thing . Crossing the Atlantic Ocean for a football game is another . After the Ravens got beat by Jacksonville 44-7 in London , coach John Harbaugh said they had no intention of going back .
`` I 'm not planning on having that conundrum again for a while , '' they said earlier this week . `` We 'll see how that goes , but I think teams going out there have had their issues , for sure , and then even coming back . ''
In its first game back , Baltimore looked listless in a 26-9 loss to Pittsburgh last Sunday .
___
FUN WITH NUMBERS : The Seattle Seahawks are on a unique run in NFL history .
One time in each of Pete Carroll 's eight seasons in Seattle , the Seahawks have won a game with a final score that has never happened before in NFL history . The latest came last Sunday when the Seahawks beat the Colts 46-18 , the first 46-18 game in league history .
The fact the Seahawks run of unique final scores has reached eight seasons is likely more remarkable than some of the strange scores they have been a part of .
`` This is a significant stat . ... I think that 's freaking awesome , '' Carroll said . `` Is n't that cool ? How does that happen ? It could happen once or twice , but it 's happened eight years in a row . I do n't know if that 's happened before . I love that . ''
The other games : 2010 vs. Cardinals ( 36-18 ) ; 2011 vs. Giants ( 36-25 ) ; 2012 vs. Cardinals ( 58-0 ) ; 2013 vs. Broncos in Super Bowl ( 43-8 ) ; 2014 vs. Packers ( 36-16 ) ; 2015 vs. Steelers ( 39-30 ) ; and 2016 vs. 49ers ( 37-18 ) .
___
IGNORING TRASH TALK : Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson is getting used to hearing opponents take shots at them for serving a 10-game suspension last year for violating the NFL 's policy on performance-enhancing supplements . Johnson says Chargers defensive tackle Damion Square , a former teammate in 2013 , called them `` Roid Boy '' when they met last Sunday .
`` When we got on the field , we settled it , '' Johnson said . `` He was joking and having fun , but it was still the kind of stuff that will kind of make you mad . ''
Johnson , the fourth overall pick in the 2013 draft , is a vital part of Philadelphia 's offensive line . The Eagles were 5-1 with them last season , 2-8 without . They 're 3-1 this season .
`` I think I help this team , '' Johnson said . `` I 'm not trying to be arrogant . I think when I 'm in there , I definitely help this team out . ''
___
AP Pro Football Writers Barry Wilner , Rob Maaddi and Josh Dubow , and Sports Writers David Ginsburg , Tim Booth , Dennis Waszak Jr. , and Genaro C. Armas contributed .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK—Bitcoin whipsawed investors , falling below $ 8,000 ( U.S. ) for the first time since November before recovering most of today 's losses , as a miserable 2018 continued for cryptocurrencies , with investors confronting a mounting list of concerns about the future of the industry .
Since reaching a record high of $ 19,511 on Dec. 18 shortly after the introduction of regulated futures contracts in the U.S. , Bitcoin has wiped out more than half its value amid waves of negative news . Setbacks included escalating regulatory threats from authorities around the world including India , South Korea , China and the U.S. ; a record $ 500-million heist at Japanese exchange Coincheck Inc. ; fears of price manipulation ; and Facebook 's ban on cryptocurrency ads .
Japanese authorities raided Coincheck 's offices Friday morning , a week after the robbery , hauling out documents and computers as evidence . The inspection was conducted to ensure security for users , Finance Minister Taro Aso said .
Read more :
Investors worry price of bitcoin being propped up
WASHINGTON REUTERS - U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further , recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years , bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labour market hits full employment .
Nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs last month after rising 160,000 in December , the Labor Department said on Friday .
The unemployment rate was unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent . Average hourly earnings rose 0.3 percent in January to $ 26.74 , building on December 's solid 0.4 percent gain .
That boosted the year-on-year increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent , the largest rise since June 2009 , from 2.7 percent in December . Workers , however , put in fewer hours last month likely because of bitterly cold weather .
The average workweek fell to 34.3 hours , the shortest in four months , from 34.5 hours in December .
The robust employment report underscored the strong momentum in the economy , raising the possibility that the Federal Reserve could be a bit more aggressive in raising interest rates this year . The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after raising borrowing costs three times in 2017 .
“ The acceleration in average hourly earnings growth punches a hole in the narrative that wage growth remains lacklustre , ” said Scott Anderson , chief economist at Bank of the West in San Francisco . “ The Goldilocks view of inflation is being sorely challenged right now . ”
Fed officials on Wednesday expressed optimism that inflation will rise toward the central bank 's target this year . Policymakers , who voted to keep interest rates unchanged , described the labour market as having “ continued to strengthen , ” and economic activity as “ rising at a solid rate . ”
U.S. financial markets have priced in a rate hike in March . Prices for U.S. Treasuries fell , with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note hitting a four-year high as investors worried about high inflation . The dollar rose against a basket of currencies on the data while U.S. stocks were trading lower .
The unemployment rate dropped seven-tenths of a percentage point in 2017 and economists expect it to hit 3.5 percent by the end of the year . Economists say job gains are being driven by buoyant domestic and global demand .
Some worry that the Trump administration 's $ 1.5 billion tax cut package passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress in December , in the biggest overhaul of the tax code in 30 years , could cause the economy , already operating near full capacity , to overheat .
President Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans have cast the fiscal stimulus , which includes a reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent , as creating jobs and boosting economic growth .
“ If the labour market is this strong and the tax cuts have yet to kick in , what will it look like when households and businesses actually start spending the money ? ” said Joel Naroff , chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania . “ No good economy goes unpunished and the punishment may already be starting to be meted out . ”
Job seekers line up to apply during `` Amazon Jobs Day , '' a job fair being held at 10 fulfillment centers across the United States aimed at filling more than 50,000 jobs , at the Amazon.com Fulfillment Center in Fall River , Massachusetts , U.S. , August 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder/Files
JOB GROWTH SEEN SLOWING
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast nonfarm payrolls rising by 180,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate unchanged at 4.1 percent . January 's jobs gains were above the monthly average of 192,000 over the past three months .
The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population .
January marked the first full year of employment data under the Trump administration . Job growth averaged 176,000 per month under the current government , compared to 208,300 during last year of the Obama administration .
Job growth is expected to slow this year as the labour market hits full employment . Companies are already reporting difficulties finding qualified workers , which economists say will force some to significantly raise wages as they compete for scarce labour .
Wage growth last month came as increases in the minimum wage came into effect in 18 states in January . Wages probably also got a lift from the tax cut . Companies like Starbucks Corp and FedEx Corp have said they will use some of the savings from lower taxes to boost wages for workers .
Further gains are expected in February when Walmart raises entry-level wages for hourly employees at its U.S. stores . Annual wage growth is now close to the 3 percent that economists say is needed to push inflation towards the Fed 's 2 percent target .
But the road to faster wage growth remains long . The year-on-year rise in average hourly earnings for production and non-supervisory workers was stuck at 2.4 percent in January .
A broader measure of unemployment , which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part time because they can not find full-time employment , rose one-tenth of a percentage point to 8.2 percent in January .
The unemployment rate for African Americans shot up to 7.7 percent from 6.8 percent and is more than double that of whites .
Manufacturing payrolls increased by 15,000 last month after rising 21,000 in December . The sector is being supported by strong domestic and international demand . A weak dollar is also providing a boost to manufacturing by making U.S.-made goods more competitive on the international market .
Hiring at construction sites picked up last month despite unseasonably cold weather . Construction payrolls increased by 36,000 jobs , adding to December 's 33,000 gain .
Retail employment rebounded and the government added jobs following two straight months of declines .
There were also increases in payrolls for professional and business services , leisure and hospitality as well as healthcare and social assistance .
Staff Reporter
Provincial Minister for Human Rights and Minority Affairs ( HR & MA ) Khalil Tahir Sandhu on Saturday said that the Punjab government was developing a comprehensive booklet titled “ Safe Child , Strong Pakistan ” to safeguard children in future .
In a meeting with minority representatives here at HR & MA camp office , they said the booklet was made easy for children of 10 years and in the next few days . This booklet would be available to children , parents and teachers , so that safety of innocent children could be ensured .
The minister told the participants that innocent Zainab 's incident had awakened the whole nation and the Punjab government issued a booklet regarding information for small children , which would become part of the curriculum soon .
They said that schools across the province would be bound to ensure that during the time of Assembly , teachers inform students about self-defence in case of an unfortunate event .
The provincial minister added that the government would also launch the ‘ search alert system ' like the ‘ Amber alert ' pattern to prevent the abduction of children . As soon as abduction occurred , the alert system would work efficiently until the child is recovered .
Google is slowing piecing together a strategy for China to ensure that it does n't miss out on the growth of technology in the world 's largest country . It 's been months in the making through a series of gradual plays , but further evidence of those plans comes today via a product launch .
Files Go — a file manager for Android devices released last year — has made its way to China today . Not a huge launch , for sure , but the mechanisms behind it provide insight into how Google may be thinking about the country , where it has been absent since 2010 after redirecting its Chinese search service to Hong Kong in the face of government pressure .
For Files Go , Google is taking a partner-led approach to distribution because the Google Play Store does not operate in China . The company is working with Tencent , Huawei , Xiaomi and Baidu , each of which will stock the app in their independent app stores , which are among the country 's most prominent third-party stores .
Let that sink in a little : the creator of Android is using third-party Android app stores to distribute one of its products .
On the outside that 's quite the scenario , but in China it makes perfect sense .
There 's been regular media speculation in recent about Google 's desire to return to China which , during its absence , has become the largest single market for smartphone users , and the country with the most app downloads and highest app revenue per year . Mostly the rumors have centered around audacious strategies such as the return of the Google Play Store or the restoration of Google 's Chinese search business , both of which would mean complying with demands from the Chinese government .
Then there 's the politics . The U.S. and China are currently in an ongoing trade standoff that has spilled into tech , impacting deals , while Chinese premier Xi Jinping has taken a protectionist approach to promoting local business and industries , in particular AI . XI 's more controversial policies , including the banning of VPNs , have put heat on Apple , which stands accused of colluding with authorities and preventing free speech in China .
Even when you remove the political issues , a full return is a tough challenge . Google would be starting businesses almost from scratch in a highly competitive market where it has little brand recognition .
It 's hardly surprising , then , that it has n't made big moves… yet at least .
Instead , it appears that the company is exploring more nimble approaches . There have been opportunistic product launches using established platforms , and generally Google seems intent at building relationships and growing a local presence that allows its global business to tap into the talent and technology that China offers .
Files Go is the latest example , but already we 've seen Google relaunch its Translate app in 2017 and more recently it brought its ARCore technology for augmented and virtual reality to China using partners , which include Xiaomi and Huawei .
Beyond products , Google is cultivating relationships , too .
It inked a wide-ranging patent deal with Tencent , China 's $ 500 billion tech giant which operates WeChat and more , and has made strategic investments to back AI startup XtalPi ( alongside Tencent ) , live-streaming platform Chushou , and AI and hardware company Mobvoi . There have been events , too , including AlphaGo 's three-game battle with Chinese grandmaster Ke Jie in Wuzhen , developer events in China and the forthcoming first Google Asia Demo Day , which takes places in Shanghai in September .
In addition to making friends in the right places , Google is also increasing its own presence on Chinese soil . The company opened an AI lab in Beijing to help access China-based talent , while it also unveiled a more modest presence in Shenzhen , China 's hardware capital , where it has a serviced office for staff . That hardware move ties into Google 's acquisition of a chunk of HTC 's smartphone division for $ 1.1 billion .
The strategy is no doubt in its early days , so now is a good time to keep a keen eye on Google 's moves in this part of the world .
Monday , January 2 , 2017 at 2:33 pm |
HELSINKI ( AP ) - Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income , amounting to 560 euros ( $ 587 ) , in a social experiment hoped to cut government red tape , reduce poverty and boost employment .
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1 .
Those 2,000 unemployed chosen will receive 560 euros every month , with no reporting requirements on how they spend it . The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive .
The unemployment rate of Finland , a nation of 5.5 million , stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job — unchanged from the previous year .
×
John Sloan ( Left ) and Tom Gerstenecker ( Right ) of Continental Fabricators , Inc. visiting with Doug Little ( Center ) of Koch Ag & Energy Solutions in the Continental Fabricators , Inc. booth at the SynGas Conference in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Francis said working to protect the dignity of the weakest and most disadvantaged implies `` also working with determination to build a world without nuclear arms . ''
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) — Pope Francis is calling for a world without nuclear arms and for effective measures to combat climate change .
Addressing the faithful Sunday in St. Peter 's Square , they stressed what they called “ the strong link between human rights and nuclear disarmament. ” Francis said working to protect the dignity of the weakest and most disadvantaged implies “ also working with determination to build a world without nuclear arms. ” They urged people to put intelligence and technology at the “ service of peace and true progress . ”
A strong crusader for the environment , Francis also expressed hope that people will realize the “ need to adopt truly efficient decisions to fight climate change ” while also combatting poverty .
Francis then cited the suffering from a cyclone in India that has left fishermen missing and from flooding in Albania .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Xavien Howard turns on the burners to recover and makes a play on the ball at the last second to come down with the interception . ( 0:46 )
MIAMI GARDENS , Fla. -- The New England Patriots have turned to the `` next man up '' and had continued success , which almost makes it a surprise when it does n't happen .
That 's what unfolded Monday night in a 27-20 loss to the Miami Dolphins .
Personnel losses finally caught up to the Patriots , as playing without tight end Rob Gronkowski , who was serving a one-game NFL suspension , had the offense out of sync ( 0-for-11 on third down ) and quarterback Tom Brady off their game . Couple that with inspired play from the Dolphins , who deserve plenty of credit , and it was a disappointing night for the Patriots as their eight-game winning streak was snapped and an opportunity to clinch the AFC East was missed .
With a highly anticipated AFC showdown with the Pittsburgh Steelers next Sunday , the performance serves as a reminder the depleted Patriots are beatable when they are outcoached and do n't play their best . It also added to their history of struggles in South Florida , as Brady drops to 7-9 lifetime in Miami .
As bad as it looked at times , the Patriots ( 10-3 ) can still put themselves in prime position for a top seed in the AFC playoffs with a win on the road against the Steelers ( 11-2 ) , as they would own the head-to-head tie-breaker over Pittsburgh .
Without top target Rob Gronkowski , Tom Brady and the Patriots were 0-for-11 on third down against the Dolphins . Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
But to do so , they 'll need to quickly move past what unfolded against the Dolphins , as the struggles with `` next man up '' extended to the defense as well . Going without leading sacker Trey Flowers and top playing-time linebacker Kyle Van Noy -- and then losing defensive tackle Alan Branch to a knee injury in the second quarter -- had the front seven undermanned and unable to provide consistent resistance against quarterback Jay Cutler .
More than anything , though , they 'll need a better Brady .
Without go-to-guy Gronkowski as an option in the middle of the field , and on third down , Brady never truly looked comfortable and at times was just unloading the ball deep . The Dolphins ' defense , which was carved up by Brady in a 35-17 loss on Nov. 26 , was a step ahead .
In the first half , 10 of Brady 's 11 completions were running backs , with the other to tight end Dwayne Allen . Other than a pass interference penalty drawn by receiver Brandin Cooks that set up the team 's first touchdown , there was little impact from the team 's receiving corps .
The Patriots entered the game with a 20-5 record in games without Gronkowski , although having receiver Julian Edelman in the past helped soften that blow . Since 2010 , when both Gronkowski and Edelman have n't been on the field , Brady has a total QBR of 50 , compared to 77 with at least one of them on the field .
Fortunately for the Patriots , Gronkowski will be back next Sunday in Pittsburgh .
Without him , Brady and the offense did n't look the same .
Indonesian tourist boat captain held after deadly fire
Share
The boat caught fire shortly after leaving Muara Angke port in North Jakarta early this morning due to a short circuit on a power generator on the boat
Indonesian police said Monday they had detained the captain of a tourist boat that burst into flames en route to a holiday island , leaving 23 people dead , amid reports they were the first to jump ship .
The Zahro Express became engulfed by fire on Sunday shortly after it set off from Jakarta carrying about 250 local holidaymakers to celebrate the New Year on the nearby resort island of Tidung .
Panicked passengers fought over life jackets and jumped into the sea as the huge blaze tore through the ferry after starting in the engine room , with authorities blaming an electrical fault for the accident .
Most were rescued , but 23 were killed and 50 suffered injuries , according to the official disaster agency .
Police said the captain , named in local reports as Muhammad Nali , had been detained Sunday and was being questioned over suspected negligence in relation to the fire which reduced the boat to a blackened wreck .
`` We are still investigating the case and questioning the captain , '' Jakarta police spokesperson Argo Yuwono told AFP , without giving further details .
Several local media outlets reported the captain jumped ship first , abandoning the tourists as the fire erupted , and was found floating in the sea with other passengers before being rescued .
Tonny Budiono , a senior official at the transport ministry , vowed that the captain would be punished if the allegations turned out to be true .
Search teams continued to scour the waters Monday as a precaution but officials said they believed that all passengers were now accounted for .
It was just the latest fatal maritime accident in the vast Indonesian archipelago , which relies heavily on boats to ferry people round its 17,000 islands but has a patchy safety record .
In September a tourist boat on the resort island of Bali exploded , killing two foreigners and injuring about 20 others .
AFP
Firefighters in North Yorkshire had to remove wall panels as they tackled one of two reported log burner fires .
Crews from Stokesley and Coulby Newham were called to the village of Great Busby in Hambleton shortly after 6pm yesterday .
Reports had been received of smoke coming from the roof of a property in Busby Lane .
A spokesperson said : `` Crews removed walled panels to expose the seat of the fire which was smouldering and dampened the fire down using a hose reel .
`` Crews used a triple extension ladder , lighting , small tools and a Dewalt saw also . ''
Around 90 minutes later , crews from Harrogate were called to second report of a log burner on fire in High Street , Hampsthwaite .
The spokesperson said : `` This turned out to be a collection of logs next to the log burner smouldering and not the log burner itself .
`` Crews used a hose reel to dampen down the logs and used a thermal imaging camera to check for further hot spots . ''
Has Chris Hipkins been caught playing dirty politics on behalf of the ALP ?
A crisis has appeared in the Australian government with the deputy Prime Minister possibly a dual citizen , though not by their own hand , but by an accident of birth .
But it looks like Chris Hipkins may have been an agent provocateur for the ALP .
NBR Reports :
Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has shocked the Australian Federal Parliament after revealing they may be a dual New Zealand citizen and faces being dismissed from Parliament . ( Crown Law has since confirmed Mr Joyce is a New Zealand citizen ) . But , in a bizarre twist , the information that could see Australians going to the polls in a by-election came from questions asked by the New Zealand Labour Party . “ Last Thursday afternoon the New Zealand High Commission contacted me to advise that , on the basis of preliminary advice from New Zealand 's Department of Internal Affairs , which had received inquiries from the New Zealand Labour Party , they considered that I may be a citizen by descent of New Zealand , ” Mr Joyce told the Australian Parliament this morning . Under Australian laws , a member of Parliament can not be a dual citizen . But Labour seems to have no idea where the information came from or who in its ranks was even asking those questions . NBR spoke to two party press secretaries after the news broke this morning and neither knew much about the saga . One confirmed it “ definitely did not come from the leader 's office. ” Labour 's general secretary Andrew Kirton could not be reached for comment . But on August 9 , Labour 's education spokesperson Chris Hipkins submitted a written question to Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne , asking : “ Would a child born in Australia to a New Zealand father automatically have New Zealand citizenship ? ” They also asked : “ Are children born in Australia to parents who are New Zealand citizens automatically citizens of New Zealand ; if not , what process do they need to follow in order to become New Zealand citizens ? ” The responses are not due until August 17 and a spokesperson for Mr Dunne says it would be inappropriate to discuss an answer with a third party before the date of reply . Mr Hipkins was not able to be reached for comment . If the High Court finds Mr Joyce is a dual citizen they will be dismissed from Parliament and there will be a by-election in their New South Wales seat .
This looks like the ALP reaching out for some assistance from their comrades in NZ Labour .
It is all a bit silly , Joyce was born in Australia and their father was a New Zealander . They have never applied for or been given NZ citizenship , it seems you just automatically become one if you are born to NZ parents even if you are born overseas .
I would fall into this category . I was born in Fiji , but the laws that applied , the same laws that are now affecting Joyce , mean because my parents were both NZ citizens I was automatically a NZ citizen by descent . I 'm a dual citizen now , I also have Fiji citizenship by virtue of my birth .
But it seems very strange that Chris Hipkins is more concerned with nailing an Aussie politician than delivering for Kiwi voters .
-NBR
Popular voice chat platform Discord has shut down several servers and accounts associated with the alt-right for violations of the terms of service . The company announced the enforcement action on Twitter , emphasizing that it is “ about positivity and inclusivity . Not hate . Not violence . ”
Predictably , this was quickly followed by accusations of censorship and political bias , and the near-universal assumption that the accounts in question had been banned for ideological reasons . One could , of course , just as easily claim ( as some do with Twitter and Reddit ) that by tolerating the accounts for as long as it did , Discord supports the ideologies in question .
The company cleared things up in a statement : “ We unequivocally condemn white supremacy , neonazism , or any other group , term , ideology that is based on these beliefs . They are not welcome on Discord . ”
“ While we do n't read people 's private servers our Terms of Service explicitly forbid harassment , threatening messages , or calls to violence…The public server linked to AltRight.com that violated [ the ToS ] was shut down along with several other public groups and accounts fostering bad actors on Discord . ”
In response to calls for counter-protestors ' Discord servers to be shut down as well , the company invited people to report them ( email abuse at discordapp.com with details ) and they would be investigated just as altright.com 's was .
Hate speech like that proudly employed by those organizing , participating in and discussing the horrifying events in Charlottesville is unwelcome on many platforms . In fact , discouraging hate speech is an ideological stance common to nearly all internet services , with the marked exception of services created specifically to circumvent that stance .
Different companies ' efforts and success in combating it vary widely , but just today GoDaddy revoked neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer 's hosting and Google kicked it off the domain registry — both for pretty clear ToS violations . Airbnb has been pretty clear about what 's allowed on its platform , as well .
We can certainly expect more actions like this , and for similar reactions as neo-Nazis and their like are removed from services to which they have forfeited their privilege to use . It seems likely this will lead to a pitiful , parallel Internet of Hate as the excommunicated communities coalesce and organize . Sad !
KARACHI , Aug 14 ( APP ) : An impressive change of guard ceremony was held
at mausoleum of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah as the entire nation celebrated 70th anniversary of Independence of Pakistan on Monday .
Smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Naval Academy cadets , clad in
ceremonial dresses , assumed ceremonial guard duties at Mazar-e-Quaid with traditional spirit , customary enthusiasm and military manners to mark the Independence Day celebrations , said a statement issued by media wing of Pakistan Navy .
Commandant Pakistan Naval Academy , Commodore Adnan Ahmad graced the
occasion as chief guest and reviewed the guard . The chief guest and smartly turned out cadets of Pakistan Navy presented Qaumi Salam to the Father of the Nation , Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah . The ceremonial guard mounting was followed by laying of floral wreath at the Mazar-e-Quaid by the chief guest on behalf of Chief of the Naval Staff , officers and men of Pakistan Navy . Later on , they offered “ Fateha ” and recorded their remarks in the visitor book and paid rich tributes to the beloved Quaid .
Earlier , the day dawned with gun salutes and special prayers were
offered in all Naval mosques for solidarity and progress of the country and particularly for the success of Kashmiris ' struggle . Pakistan Navy Ships and Establishments were illuminated in Navy 's traditional manner . Flag hoisting ceremonies were held at Islamabad , Karachi , Lahore and Coastal Area at designated units of Pakistan Navy .
Various other activities including singing of national anthem at naval
units/establishments in the morning , PN Band Display at Frere Hall Karachi , Flag Hoisting Ceremony at Pakistan Maritime Museum as well as various sports fixtures were also a part of the day-long celebrations .
The Independence Day celebrations at Pakistan Navy educational
institutions were also held where school children presented tableaus on national songs and declamation contests were held highlighting the importance of Independence Day .
Numerous Independence Day ceremonies were also held by PN units at
Ormara , Pasni , Gwadar , Jiwani , and Turbat and other coastal areas , including fishing boats special rallies . These ceremonies and activities were attended by a large number of local notables , civil and military dignitaries .
Gleyber Torres exits the game against Atlanta after displaying discomfort while at bat in the fourth inning . ( 0:31 )
NEW YORK -- Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres was placed on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday afternoon after an MRI revealed they had a right hip strain .
Torres will officially begin the DL stint during the Yankees ' off day Thursday , as team officials continue to talk through making a corresponding roster move ahead of a three-city road trip starting Friday in Toronto .
The injury , which forced Torres out of Wednesday 's 6-2 win over the Atlanta Braves , was initially believed to be an aggravation of some `` tightness '' that had nagged Torres earlier this week .
`` We 're hoping it 's a short stint , '' Yankees manager Aaron Boone said . `` Probably take us up to the All-Star break . ''
Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres struck out in the second inning against the Braves on Wednesday , then left the game in the fifth . Jim McIsaac/Getty Images
The All-Star Game is two weeks from Tuesday .
Neil Walker likely will replace Torres as the Yankees ' everyday second baseman , and it 's possible they 'll decide to call up Tyler Wade , a 23-year-old middle infielder who began the season with them . Wade was sent down to Triple-A in April just as Torres was being called up to the big-league club .
Utilityman Brandon Drury also could be an emergency option at second , having played the position in the past . Of late , they have been working at third base and first base .
According to Boone , Torres has dealt with similar hip injuries in the past , but they have never given them major trouble . In fact , when Boone first addressed reporters Wednesday just before the MRI results were revealed , they believed Torres would be fine .
During in-game tests the infielder `` checked out OK , '' Boone said , adding that the trainers were simply being cautious with the injury . About 25 minutes later , Boone delivered news about the strain .
`` Anytime you 're talking about groin , hamstring , quads , once you have a strain in there and you push through it , you could make it a worse thing and now you 're talking weeks and months and stuff like that , '' Boone said . `` So the wise thing is to do this now . ''
The Yankees initially became concerned about Torres ' hip during Monday night 's game , one in which Torres had a couple of sudden advancements on the basepaths , taking advantage of wild pitches in the dirt . One such advancement resulted in a Yankees run .
Boone and their staff became so concerned about the injury coming out of Monday that the manager decided to keep the 21-year-old rookie out of Tuesday 's starting lineup .
While Torres may not have begun Tuesday 's game , they did finish it . They checked in during the eighth inning , only getting an opportunity to play the field . They seemed to be feeling and looking better .
In their first at-bats since their right hip flexor started feeling stiff Monday , Torres , in the starting lineup Wednesday , struck out twice . They actually showed some visible discomfort as they fouled off a pitch in their final plate appearance in the fourth inning , and then tried to stretch .
During the next half inning , Torres was replaced in the batting order by Drury . Walker took Torres ' spot at second , moving over from third to accommodate Drury .
`` We need him , '' first baseman Greg Bird said of Torres . `` He 's going to be a big part of this . He 's obviously shown what they can do , in big situations , too . ''
A potential Rookie of the Year selection , Torres has been a force for the Yankees ever since they were called up April 21 . He 's batting .294 with 15 home runs , 42 RBIs , a .555 slugging percentage and a .905 OPS in 63 games . They lead all rookies in homers , batting average and slugging percentage .
The Yankees won 15 of the first 16 games in which they played . Torres also has three walk-off hits .
`` Gleyber wants to take a couple days and just work through it , but they also understand that this is the best thing for them and for us , '' Boone said .
