Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The boss of data firm Cambridge Analytica has been accused of lying to Parliament over their company 's use of data harvested from Facebook .
But the academic at the centre of the row over the use of personal data claims their work would have been no good for targeted political advertising .
Dr Aleksandr Kogan , who gave the personal information of millions of Facebook users to controversial election consultancy Cambridge Analytica in 2014 , told MPs that personality scores they gave to the company were `` highly inaccurate '' and `` made little sense '' for political advertising .
`` The idea that this data is accurate , I would say , is scientifically ridiculous . The idea that even if you had a lot more data you could make it super accurate is also pretty silly , '' they said , appearing before the Digital , Culture , Media and Sport select committee on Tuesday .
( Image : REUTERS )
Dr Kogan insisted that Facebook 's tools were capable of helping campaign groups send targeted advertising without the need for more specific information about people 's personalities .
In written evidence supplied to the committee before their appearance they wrote : `` The Facebook ads platform provides tools and capability to run targeted ads with little need for our work - in fact , the platform 's tools provide companies a far more effective pathway to target people based on their personalities than using scores from users from our work . ''
CA parent company SCL paid Dr Kogan hundreds of thousands of pounds to harvest data from Facebook using a personality survey , which they then processed to make predictions about personality under the company name Global Science Research .
Asked what the value of the work they did for SCL was , Dr Kogan replied : `` Based on what we know now , nothing . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
CA executives and whistleblowers have previously insisted on the value and effectiveness of their work .
In secret filming by Channel 4 News released in March , CA executives boasted about profiling voters to help politicians target them with social media adverts .
Former CA employees Christopher Wylie and Brittany Kaiser have told the inquiry the company helped Donald Trump and Ted Cruz 's 2016 election campaigns , as well as the Brexit campaign group Leave.EU .
Leave.EU denies the claims but pro-Brexit groups Vote Leave and BeLeave , as well as the DUP and Veterans for Britain , spent large portions of their campaign budgets with Aggregate IQ , a company linked to CA which carries out similar work .
Mr Wylie told the inquiry Aggregate IQ `` absolutely '' had access to the data collected by Dr Kogan , and the company `` blasted '' a small number of voters with political adverts on social media during the EU referendum .
( Image : PA )
Earlier in the hearing , Dr Kogan accused former CA chief executive Alexander Nix of lying in their evidence to the committee in February .
Committee chairperson Damian Collins asked Dr Kogan to verify answers from Mr Nix about data collected by their company , Global Science Research , and given to CA .
Mr Collins said : `` I said to ( Mr Nix ) 'Does any of your data come from Global Science Research ? ' And they said no . ''
`` That 's a fabrication , '' replied Dr Kogan .
Mr Collins continued : `` I said 'They have not supplied you with data or information ? ' And they said , no . ''
`` Total fabrication , '' Dr Kogan replied .
They also cast doubt on the evidence of Mr Wylie , who presented large amounts of evidence about CA to the committee and testified in March .
`` Mr Wylie has invented many things , '' Dr Kogan claimed .
`` By March 2015 we had begun to suspect that Mr Wylie may not be the most reputable person in the world , '' they said , calling them `` duplicitous '' .
Facebook 's chief technical officer , Mike Schroepfer , will give evidence to the inquiry on Thursday .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate is ready to begin England 's World Cup preparations in Lithuania — by resting the temptation to make wholesale changes .
Boss Southgate is considering giving chances to Jack Butland , Michael Keane and Jesse Lingard in Sunday evening 's dead-rubber final Russia 2018 qualifier .
However , they also want a strong line-up to try to maintain the Three Lions ' unbeaten record in the group — and is determined to finish the campaign with an eighth win out of 10 .
Southgate was thinking about more changes for the match in Vilnius , which will be played on artificial turf .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But on the back of Thursday 's lacklustre , last-gasp win over Slovenia at Wembley that secured England 's spot in Russia next summer , they want to keep up the intensity — despite being aware they need to give some fringe players big-game experience .
First-choice keeper Joe Hart wants to play , but Southgate will at some stages have to give Butland some minutes .
They will either do that in Lithuania or during a high profile warm-up friendly — England play Germany and Brazil back-to-back at Wembley next month , while the European qualification play-offs are happening .
Out-of-form midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is struggling for confidence .
( Image : Getty )
Everton defender Keane has impressed around the camp and could come in for Gary Cahill .
Harry Kane has made it clear to Southgate that they want to play , too — the in-form striker is eager for another cap and more goals — which may mean they start as captain again . Jermain Defoe could get minutes from the bench .
England did not suffer any injuries in the Slovenia game but Southgate insisted they would not send any players back to their clubs .
They told the players after Thursday 's match that they want to deliver a performance in Lithuania for the travelling fans .
The Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) has often come under fire for the number of pending cases with it . Photo : Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
New Delhi : The number of cases probed by markets regulator Sebi saw a sharp jump of 84 % to 245 in 2016-17 , mainly because of references received from the income tax department . Most of the cases were related to market manipulation , price rigging , insider trading and takeover violations .
During 2016-17 , as many as 245 new cases were taken up for investigation compared to 133 fresh ones in the preceding fiscal , according to Sebi 's annual report . Besides , the investigation has been completed in 155 matters last fiscal compared to 123 in 2015-16 .
“ There was a comparative increase in the number of cases taken up during 2016-17 , mainly due to the references received from the Department of Income Tax in the matter of long-term capital gain and short term capital loss in various scrips , ” the regulator noted . In the past fiscal , 76 % ( 185 out of 245 ) of the cases taken up for investigation pertained to market manipulation and price rigging .
Also , insider trading and takeover violation cases accounted for 14 % and 1 % , respectively . “ Since several investigation cases involve multiple allegations of violations , their water-tight classification under a specific category becomes difficult .
Therefore , cases were classified on the basis of main charge and violation , ” Sebi said . After an investigation is completed , penal action is initiated as approved by the competent authority wherever violations of laws and obligations relating to the securities market are observed , the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) noted .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Two sisters have left a five-year-old girl scarred for life after they performed a Haitian voodoo ritual at their mum 's request to get rid of an evil spirit inside their body , it was claimed .
The girl allegedly suffered third-degree burns when they were tied up and had fire blown over their face at least twice as they were tortured over several days .
Them brother , eight , told detectives that the suspects burned things over their sister , cut them and put a stinging substance into their eyes , claiming they were expelling a demon that was making them misbehave .
Sisters Rachel Hilaire , 40 , and Peggy LaBossiere , 51 , are also accused of blowing flames over the boy and threatening to cut off their head with a machete .
( Image : East Bridgewater Police )
( Image : East Bridgewater Police )
Police in the US city of East Bridgewater , Massachusetts , were alerted in mid-January when officers in nearby Randolph asked them to check on a woman and their two young children .
The trio , from Randolph , were staying with the suspects at their flat in East Bridgewater .
Police went to a home and found girl with burns to their face , NECN reported .
They allegedly still had rope tied to their waist and entangled in their hair when they were rescued and taken to hospital .
The girl 's mum told investigators that it was thought the youngster had an evil spirit inside them and the suspects used a Haitian voodoo ritual to get rid of it , Wicked Local reported .
The mum , a stylist who cuts LaBossiere 's hair , asked the pair to carry out the ritual , said police .
The mum allegedly told detectives that the girl woke up with a large burn across their face that was caused by a demon leaving them body .
Police Detective John Grillo wrote in a report : `` [ The mum ] stated that their children have been behaving badly due to evil spirits and that they perform prayers and use certain water and oils to make the demon leave . ''
The older brother told police that the suspects twice tied down the girl , securing their hands to a stick above their head and bounding their feet so they formed a cross .
LaBossiere is accused of setting a stick on fire and blowing flames over the girl 's face as their mum and Hilaire allegedly held them down .
Detective Grillo added : `` The victim stated that Peggy [ LaBossiere ] would lean over them and kiss all around their face like a snake and used a pointy object like a needle to cut them on their arm and collar area . [ LaBossiere ] cut them enough so that they bled . ”
LaBossiere is also accused of putting water and a stinging substance , which looked like it came from a `` green lemon '' , into the girl 's eyes .
( Image : Google Streetview )
The boy was made to undress , was rubbed with a `` plant-like substance '' and had fire blown over him , said police .
LaBossiere allegedly threatened to cut off their head with a machete and held a long stick to their throat , making it difficult for them to breathe .
The children were taken into care and their mum was taken to a hospital for mental health treatment , it was reported .
Hilaire and LaBossiere , who were arrested on January 26 , are being held on $ 50,000 ( £35,000 ) bail , and are due to return to court next week .
They were charged with multiple offences including mayhem , indecent assault and battery on a child under 14 , threats to commit murder and battery with a dangerous weapon ( large stick ) .
Both pleaded not guilty when they appeared in Brockton Superior Court this week .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Far-right protesters who gathered at the deadly Charlottesville rally have been named and shamed on social media - costing at least one man their job .
Cole White was one of dozens of demonstrators who attended to Unite the Right rally , described as the largest hate gathering of its kind in decades in the US .
They are one of a number of people highlighted on the Yes , You 're Racist Twitter account , that has been posted images to try and identify those who participated in the fatal rally at the weekend .
A counter-protester was killed and 19 others injured when a car was allegedly driven into them by a far-right activist .
Another 15 people were injured as demonstrators armed with rocks and pepper spray clashed .
White was among dozens outed on social media after they were pictured at the rally in Virginia smiling and holding a torch .
( Image : @ yesyoureracist /Twitter )
( Image : Anadolu )
Now the Top Dog hot dog restaurant where they worked has fired him .
An email statement to the East Bay Times said : `` Effective Saturday , August 12 , Cole White no longer works at Top Dog .
“ The actions of those in Charlottesville are not supported by Top Dog . We believe in individual freedom and voluntary association for everyone . ”
White was exposed on the Yes , You 're Racist Twitter account after it said : `` If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in # Charlottesville , send me their names/profiles and I 'll make them famous # GoodNightAltRight ''
( Image : @ yesyoureracist /Twitter )
Among those also named and shamed on social media was Peter Cvjetanovic , 20 , a history and political science student , after they were seen screaming and holding a torch .
They were also once photographed alongside US Republican senator Dean Heller .
Cvjetanovic told Channel 2 News : `` I came to this march for the message that white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture .
`` As a white nationalist , I care for all people . We all deserve a future for our children and for our culture . ''
( Image : Rex Features )
The right wing demonstrators also reportedly included James Allsup , president of the Washington State University College Republicans .
University president Kirk H Schulz wrote on Twitter afterwards : `` We strongly denounce racism & Nazism of any kind & condemn the violence which occurred in Charlottesville . Hate has no place at WSU . ''
( Image : @ yesyoureracist /Twitter )
Allsup told the Daily Evergreen , their university 's student newspaper : `` The university should not be in the business of disavowing what their students do , what their tuition-paying students do in their professional careers . ''
Jason Kessler , the white supremacist who organised to Unite the Right rally , was also once photographed with House of Representatives member Tom Garrett .
( Image : @ yesyoureracist /Twitter )
( Image : REUTERS )
Following the rally , James Alex Fields Jr , 20 , was arrested for allegedly ploughing a Dodge Challenger into a group of anti-fascist protesters .
Heather Heyer , 32 , was killed and 19 others were injured .
Fields - who reportedly idolised Adolf Hitler at school - is charged with second-degree homicide and is due in court today .
( Image : @ yesyoureracist /Twitter )
President Trump on Saturday initially denounced what they called `` this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides '' .
But this drew criticism for failing to single out neo-Nazis and the KKK for criticism .
The White House added on Sunday : `` The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry , and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups . They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
President Donald Trump prepared to host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday for talks that could shape the contours of future Middle East policy as Palestinians warned the White House not to abandon their goal of an independent state .
For decades , the idea of creating a Palestine living peacefully alongside Israel has been a bedrock US position , though the last negotiations broke down in 2014 .
But in a potential shift , a senior White House official said on Tuesday that peace did not necessarily have to entail Palestinian statehood , and Trump would not try to “ dictate ” a solution .
Netanyahu committed , with conditions , to the two-state goal in a speech in 2009 and has broadly reiterated the aim since . But they have also spoken of a “ state minus ” option , suggesting they could offer the Palestinians deep-seated autonomy and the trappings of statehood without full sovereignty .
Palestinians reacted with alarm to the possibility that Washington might ditch its support for an independent Palestinian nation .
“ If the Trump Administration rejects this policy it would be destroying the chances for peace and undermining American interests , standing and credibility abroad , ” Hanan Ashrawi , a senior member of the Palestine Liberation Organisation , said in response to the US official 's remarks .
“ Accommodating the most extreme and irresponsible elements in Israel and in the White House is no way to make responsible foreign policy , ” they said in a statement .
Husam Zomlot , strategic adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , said the Palestinians had not received any official indication of a change in the US stance .
“ NO GAPS ”
For Netanyahu , the talks with Trump will be an opportunity to reset ties after a frequently combative relationship with Democrat Barack Obama .
The prime minister , under investigation at home over allegations of abuse of office , spent much of Tuesday huddled with advisers in Washington preparing for the talks . Officials said they wanted no gaps to emerge between US and Israeli thinking during the scheduled two-hour Oval Office meeting .
Trump , who has been in office less than four weeks and has already been immersed in problems including the forced resignation of their national security adviser , brings with them an unpredictability that Netanyahu ‘ s staff hope will not impinge on the discussions .
During last year 's election campaign , Republican candidate Trump was relentlessly pro-Israel in their rhetoric , promising to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , backing David Friedman , an ardent supporter of Jewish settlements , as their Israeli envoy and saying that they would not put pressure on Israel to negotiate with the Palestinians .
That tune , which was music to Netanyahu ‘ s ears and to the increasingly restive right-wing within their coalition , has since changed , making Wednesday 's talks critical for clarity .
Trump appears to have put the embassy move on the backburner , at least for now , after warnings about the potential for regional unrest , including from Jordan 's King Abdullah .
And rather than giving Israel free rein on settlements , the White House has said building new ones or expanding existing ones beyond their current borders would not be helpful to peace .
That would appear to leave Israel room to build within existing settlements without drawing US condemnation , in what is the sort of grey area the talks are expected to touch on .
For the Palestinians , and much of the rest of the world , settlements built on occupied land are illegal under international law . Israel disputes that , but faces increasing criticism over the policy from allies , especially after Netanyahu ‘ s announcement in the past three weeks of plans to build 6,000 new settler homes in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Robert Mueller 's team met with the author of the dossier … Decades of sexual harassment accusations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein … And he 's suing … JP Morgan caught a break here … Making friends can be hard — and that 's normal … Shad Khan is an interesting cat … Barry Bonds would like to sell you a home … Rep. Tim Murphy resigns amid scandal … Trump to de-certify the Iran deal … They and Rex Tillerson are also still beefing … Vegas shooter would scream and moan in bed … Nothing better than a vicious neighbor beef … Jeremy Lin wants to talk about their hair … Megyn Kelly is making $ 23 million a year … Extremely ironic twist to the Fearless Girl statue saga … Here comes Tropical Storm Nate … Catalonia succession movement spills over to soccer field … Also , this soccer team will have an interesting sponsor … Bob McGinn could n't get Packers credentials … Rick Pitino and Tom Jurich and that sweet , sweet Adidas money … Linkin Park Carpool Karaoke will air next week … This is how Bella Hadid talks ?
Love to read Breitbart . Good people over there . [ Buzzfeed ]
Calm before the storm ? That does n't sound great . [ Reuters ]
Saqoun Barkley a Heisman lock ? Do n't bet on it . [ College Football Country ]
Chris Sale 's first postseason start was a disaster . And they owned it . [ MassLive ]
Still hurts . All these victories later and it still hurts , Mike Hart .
Our # TBTs have been very Michigan/MSU focused today . Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning . Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ? This 10-year-old exchange may have set the B1G record for most shade thrown . 👀 pic.twitter.com/QZB5kE6Csj — Big Ten Network ( @ BigTenNetwork ) October 5 , 2017
Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford are slightly charismatic .
Hockey is back , baby .
Very subtle bat flip , not even mad .
America 's Cup Superyacht Regatta - Day 2 action-shots by Ingrid Abery
2017 America 's Cup Superyacht Regatta - Day 2 Ingrid Abery 2017 America 's Cup Superyacht Regatta - Day 2 Ingrid Abery http : //www.ingridabery.com
by Ingrid Abery today at 2:57 am
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/154620
PILATES for
EVERY BODY
since 2002
specializing in women 's health & fitness
FALL CLASSES BEGIN 9/5
spaces are limited
CONTACT US to SIGN UP
Private Training
Post Injury Rehab
Ongoing Classes
Pilates Mat
TRX Strength Training
Release & Stretch
GIFT CERTIFICATES AVAILABLE !
Restore and improve your fitness in a caring & comfortable environment
177 Post Road West
Nash 's Plaza , Westport
203-226-1924
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are making one last push to keep Mesut Ozil .
Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has not given up on keeping the 29-year-old Germany star , and the club are still hoping a new round of negotiations could persuade them to stay .
Manchester United and Barcelona are both keen on Ozil , who is out of contract at the end of the season and is able to sign a pre-contract with foreign clubs from January 1 .
Arsenal have already offered them a deal worth around £275,000-a-week but have yet to make a breakthrough .
Ozil has made it clear it is also about winning trophies , not just finance — although they would also be able to get an even bigger deal as a free agent .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
With striker Alexis Sanchez now seen as almost certain to leave , Arsenal are trying to pull out all of the stops on Ozil — especially as they have been in excellent form as Wenger 's men make a push for the top four .
They would be devastated to lose their two biggest stars for nothing in the same summer and , while Sanchez 's form has been inconsistent with their future uncertain , Ozil has been back to their best in the last few weeks .
Ozil knows they can become the biggest earner in club history by signing a mega-deal and it is now whether they can persuade them to stay rather than move somewhere offering a greater chance of trophies .
Mirror Sport revealed Barcelona 's interest in Ozil last month , while United boss Jose Mourinho remains an admirer from when they spent three years working together at Real Madrid .
Arsenal still believe the issue is in the balance and Wenger recently backtracked on suggesting they might sell Ozil or Sanchez in January by insisting they will not cash in .
The figures are likely to go up as Ozil 's deal runs down , while Sanchez is a target for Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City .
PSG may make a move next month , which may drag City — who have long been confident of getting them on a free at the end of the season — into a bidding war .
( Image : Getty )
The Mancunians bid £60m for Sanchez on deadline day but Arsenal turned it down as they could not being in their No1 choice for replacement , Monaco 's Thomas Lemar .
They were confident the Chilean would stay committed but , after their country failed to qualify for next summer 's World Cup there is a feeling the forward , who turns 29 later this month , will be even more determined to join a club which can offer them a bigger chance of silverware .
Plenty of revellers saw the 'naked guy ' .
ONE particular party-goer at Falls Festival was having a ball .
And they did n't mind showing everyone .
Police had seen a 20-year-old man from Freshwater performing naked handstands in the main amphitheatre at the festival .
A crowd of 5,000 people were in the area at the time .
Police then advised them that they were being removed from the festival due to their behaviour .
They ran from police and security , and was tackled and handcuffed .
As the man was being lead to the police compound they broke free of police .
Still handcuffed , they jumped under a fence and tried to escape .
Police and security dragged them back from under the fence twice before they were finally restrained .
They were issued a Field Court Attendance Notice for Offensive Conduct , Resist Police and Escape Lawful Custody .
They will appear in Byron Bay Local Court in March .
LOS ANGELES , CA . — April 24 , 2018 — J. Robert Scott , Inc. the internationally known custom luxury furniture and textile manufacturer announces expanded furnishings to be showcased at the Jerry Pair Atlanta location .
“ J . Robert Scott has enjoyed a decades-long relationship with Jerry Pair , ” said Richard Chilcott , the company CEO . “ This has made it possible to extend our reach into the Atlanta market to offer clients highly customized as well as standard pieces . ”
Launching during the April 24th and 25th spring market at ADAC ( Atlanta Decorative Arts Center ) J. Robert Scott is pleased to present the sophisticated Atlanta design community with a selection of luxury furnishings and textiles that satisfy the spectrum of design requirements from residential to hospitality and corporate interiors .
About Sally Sirkin Lewis And J. Robert Scott , Inc .
J.Robert Scott , Inc. the luxury home furnishings manufacturer was founded in 1972 in Los Angeles by Hall of Fame designer Sally Sirkin Lewis . The company was born out of Ms. Lewis ' desire to provide their clients with contemporary , well made furnishings that met their uncompromising standards of quality and beauty . Them understated , signature style has become known as “ California Design. ” To this day , they serve as the President of the company , which has established itself as an influential design force around the world , with company owned showrooms in Los Angeles , New York , Chicago , Dallas , and London , and representation in 16 cities in 11 countries .
Throughout their career , Ms. Lewis has been awarded more than 150 U.S. Design patents for their furnishings which are manufactured by hand in the 70,000 square foot factory in Inglewood , California . Through their guidance and direction , J. Robert Scott has gained recognition as an exceptional resource for custom design furniture . It is rare to find a company that can modify any of their existing items , or create an entirely new a piece , tailored to the specific needs of their clientele . It is not unusual to see skilled craftsmen , many of whom have been with Ms. Lewis for more than 20 years , hand sewing the edges of a sofa or patiently applying gold leafing to a console . The techniques used are the traditional construction methods that date back to the Renaissance , these talented craftsmen are truly modern day artisans .
J. Robert Scott is well known in the interior design industry for utilizing rare and exotic veneers , as well as Shagreen , snake and goatskin parchment in the manufacturing of its products . The textile division offers a distinctive range of hand-woven silks , silk mohair , wools , velvets and JRS Superkidskin among nearly 700 couture-quality luxury fabrics , in the most appealing and contemporary colorways . Furniture and textiles designed by Sally Sirkin Lewis for J. Robert Scott are instantly recognized for their beauty and valued for their quality , the essence of the company 's commitment to producing “ Furniture as an Art Form . ”
Posted April 24 , 2018
Source : J. Robert Scott , Inc .
Mansfield and District Male Voice Choir will be leading the singing at this year 's Candlelight Carol Service .
This will take place at St. John 's Church , Mansfield , on Sunday , December 17 , at 6pm .
The service will be an opportunity to enjoy , not only beautiful music , but to hear the Christmas message in the wonderful surroundings and atmosphere of one of the town 's most beautiful historic buildings .
This Christmas will see the first carol service in St John 's since it was re-opened in the summer after completion of major repairs to the roof of the building . Fund-raising still continues so that the restoration can be completed and there will be an opportunity for local folk to make a financial contribution to this work by way of an optional donation .
Entry to the service is free and all are welcome .
New Delh : The India Institute of Medical Sciences has declared AIIMS MBBS entrance exam result 2017 .
Check the Results on official website www.aiimsexams.org .
AIIMS entrance examination for ‪Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery ( MBBS ) course 2017 was held in New Delhi , Bhopal , Bhubaneswar , Patna , Raipur , and Rishikesh .
Just days back , Vyapam whistle-blower Dr Anand Rai had claimed that the question papers of 2017 entrance exam for MBBS course of the AIIMS were leaked .
The examination was conducted on May 28 , 2017 , at various centres across the nation .
The duration of the examination was being three-and-a-half-hour . The Online ( CBT ) Entrance Examination was conducted in two shifts- Morning Shift/First shift : 09:00 am to 12:30 pm and Afternoon Shift/Second shift : 03:00 pm to 06:30 pm .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Anderlecht forward Lukasz Teodorczyk was captured headbutting their own dressing room door after being sent off against Sporting Charleroi on Sunday .
With the hosts 3-1 down , the 26-year-old picked up a yellow card for simulation after attempting to earn their side a late penalty .
Having been booked only six minutes earlier , Teodorczyk was promptly sent their marching orders .
Furious with their dismissal , the Poland international stormed back through the players ' tunnel and proceeded to headbutt their changing room door on the way in .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
After finding the back of the net 30 times last season , Teodorczyk has managed just three goals in 22 appearances this term , and appeared to reach boiling point with their red card .
The Belgium First Division A clash finished 3-1 , meaning Sporting Charleroi stay above third-placed Anderlecht in second .
British communications regulator Ofcom has outlined its plans to impose tougher requirements on Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) , and their claims about the broadband speeds customers are likely to achieve .
Essentially , it wants to clamp down on the controversial “ up to ” broadband speed claims made by ISPs , to give people and businesses a more realistic speed expectation .
It comes after many years over controversy surrounding the use of “ up to ” download speeds in broadband adverts .
Ofcom is considering ‘ enhancing ' its current Codes of Practice that date back to 2008 , which commit ISPs signed up to the code , to give customers an estimated range of speeds they are likely to receive , as well as the right to exit their contracts penalty-free if their speed falls below a minimum level .
In order to achieve this , Ofcom is planning a number of changes .
These include improving speed information at the point of sale and in contracts , by reflecting the slower speeds people can experience at ‘ peak ' times , and by ensuring providers always give a minimum guaranteed speed before sale .
It also wants to ‘ strengthen the right to exit if speeds fall below a guaranteed minimum level . Providers would have a limited time to improve speeds before they must let customers walk away penalty-free . '
And it wants to increase the number of customers who benefit from the Codes , by expanding their scope to apply to all broadband technologies .
“ We want broadband shoppers to know what they 're buying , and what speeds to expect , ” explained Lindsey Fussell , Ofcom 's Consumer Group Director . “ So we plan to close the gap between what 's advertised and what 's delivered , giving customers a fuller picture before they commit to a contract . We 're also making it easier to walk away from a contract , without penalty , when companies fail to provide the speeds they promise . ”
Ofcom also wants to include cable customers ( Virgin Media ) in this revised code of practice .
Expert Comment
Experts have been quick to give their views on the Ofcom proposals .
“ Under these new proposals , from the point the issue is raised , providers will be given a 30 day window to get a customer 's broadband speeds up to their guaranteed minimum , ” said Richard Neudegg , head of regulation at uSwitch.com .
“ Failing that , the customer will have the right to exit the contract . Hopefully this move will drive providers to be more proactive in sorting out problems .
“ Giving more information on what speeds consumers can expect can be a useful move but burying this more detailed information in each provider 's sales journey will only go so far . What we need to see – and what we have been calling for – is for this information to be opened up so that consumers can compare different provider speeds side by side at the point of comparison . ”
“ Consumers simply want to be able to quickly and easily compare what options they have for their own home , so they can work out which service best fits their needs . It is worth remembering that if you 're taking out a new broadband contract , always make a note of the speeds quoted by your new provider . If the service does n't measure up you should complain to them sooner rather than later . ”
Meanwhile another expert is concerned whether the Ofcom proposals will actually benefit the majority of consumers .
“ This really is the final frontier of protection for broadband customers here in the UK . Broadband remains to this day , as far as I know , the only service you can still buy with no guarantees about what exactly it is you 're going to get , ” said Dan Howdle , consumer telecoms analyst at Cable.co.uk .
“ By emphasising the slowest speed a customer is likely to get at peak times , speed numbers are likely to more closely match user experience , ” said Howdle . “ Whether or not this benefits the majority of consumers who are , by and large , unaware of how these numbers apply to day-to-day usage is questionable , however . ”
“ New rules on broadband speed advertising would have to be coupled with guidelines to ensure customers are informed as to how the speeds apply to the broadband usage of their household , otherwise it 's just a case of swapping one meaningless number for another , ” they concluded .
Long Running
This issue of broadband speeds has been a bugbear for many people for many years now .
“ Many people seek our help each year because their slow and intermittent broadband service falls short of what their contract promised , ” said Gillian Guy , chief executive of Citizens Advice .
“ For most people , a reliable broadband connection is a necessity – so when they do n't get what they 've paid for they should always have a quick and easy way out of their contract , ” they added . “ These changes are an important step in giving consumers more power to hold their broadband provider to account for poor service . ”
The Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) has also previously been involved in this debate , but critics argued at the time that the ASA 's decision to allow ISPs to still quote speeds “ up to ” a certain figure , if it was achievable by ten percent of their customers , was tantamount to lying to customers .
In April last year the British Infrastructure Group ( BIG ) said broadband advertising rules should be overhauled and mandatory refunds given .
Many ISPs in the UK have repeatedly broken advertising rules for broadband line speeds over the years .
What do you know about fibre broadband ? Try our quiz !
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Neville has predicted the result of Liverpool 's Champions League semi-final tie with Roma - and Reds supporters wo n't be happy .
Jurgen Klopp 's men battered Manchester City over two legs in the quarter-finals , despite Pep Guardiola 's side going into the match as strong favourites .
Liverpool won the first leg 3-0 at Anfield , netting all three goals in the first half of a thrilling encounter in which Mohamed Salah stole the show .
In the second leg Gabriel Jesus opened the scoring for the Citizens in just two minutes , as the home side attempted to pull off an unlikely comeback at the Etihad .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
But Liverpool were a different side after the break , and netted two vital away goals through Salah and Roberto Firmino to record a 5-1 aggregate win over the Premier League champions .
Roma on the other hand pulled off an even more remarkable result in overcoming a 4-1 deficit from the first leg against Barcelona to beat them 3-0 in Italy , and progress to the semi-finals of the competition .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Reuters )
Ahead of the fixture Neville was asked for their opinion on how they think the tie will pan out , and told Sky Sports : `` I 'm going for Liverpool to win their first leg 2-1 in my Super 6 predictions .
`` But I 'll add that I also think they 'll get knocked out over the two legs , with Roma a very different proposition and capable of frustrating Jurgen Klopp 's attack . ''
Kate McCann reveals that they are `` really encourage
Nadia admits that she 's now paranoid when they goe
Third woman claims they were sexually abused by Sir
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A nanny who cared for Madeleine McCann has revealed Gerry and Kate McCann screamed `` They 've taken Maddie '' in the horrifying moment when they released their daughter was missing .
Speaking out 10 years after Maddie was taken from the Portuguese holiday apartment , they said a fellow parent approached them and told them something was `` going on '' with a missing child .
The former child minder , who we are not naming , then spotted Gerry and Kate frantically searching the area for their little girl .
They said : `` I walked into Kate crying , friends comforting her , Gerry looking under cars , and it just blew up .
`` I do n't even think they saw me . I just stood next to them and tried to comfort them
“ She was pacing up and down . The worst possible thing had just happened to her . ''
The former nanny revealed how they tried to comfort Kate in the desperate hope their little girl would be found that night .
They continued : `` I think I said something like , ‘ She 'll be found , these things happen all the time . ''
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Getty )
“ She was crying , but almost in a catatonic state , and Gerry was very distressed . That 's the one thing I really remember from him , looking under the cars . I ca n't forget that .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
“ We were told to start looking in bins in case their body was in there . It was at that point we realised this was serious . ”
Along with other staff , the ex-carer , who worked for travel firm Mark Warner at the the Ocean Club resort , sifted by hand in the dark through industrial-sized bins and piping leading into the sea in their hunt for Madeleine .
They also walked Praia da Luz 's small , winding streets searching for the missing girl until they were told , against their wills at 5am , that it was time for bed .
But the woman said they are still furious with local police , who they claimed took 90 minutes to arrive on the scene .
The nanny has slammed the Portuguese police 's handling of the disappearance , insisting their ­blundering scuppered any chances of finding who had snatched three-year-old Madeleine .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
And they told how people were in and out of the apartment where Madeleine vanished from – contaminating a ­potential crime scene .
The former nanny added : “ I know I did n't step into that apartment but pretty much everybody else did . So , evidence gone , nothing . There was nobody there to say , ‘ We need to lock this off now . '
`` The police did n't get there for ages , maybe an hour and a half , so we were looking for them
`` And at the end of the day , no matter how much you 've been trained with ­children , we were children , mainly ­teenagers , we 're not police .
“ That 's why police were trying to get everyone 's timelines , because they were n't there . ”
They also told how they were interviewed by officers in the wake of Madeleine 's disappearance and later detectives from ­the Met 's Operation Grange handed them two pages of statements they had retrieved from their Algarve compratiots .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Them original statement was four to five pages long , but the one the Portuguese had been working from was only two pages long – missing a number of details from their interview .
The woman claimed “ whole chunks of information were missed out ” .
They added : “ I think a lot of things should 've happened differently . ­Unfortunately the effects were catastrophic . ”
And the carer told how they were astonished Kate and Gerry were ever deemed suspects in their own child 's ­disappearance .
They are still constantly quizzed by people about the case who ask if “ the parents did it ” .
They said : “ I tell them no , there 's no way at all . A , timings and B , where it was , their r­eactions , the whole thing . Not a chance . ”
The woman also told how Madeleine was a favourite among the child minders . Them allocated nanny was Catriona Baker , but others also got the chance to look after them
The carer added : “ I remember their character and ­temperament . They were slightly shy , very sweet . Not loud or precocious .
“ We obviously give the same care to all the children , but they were a real cutie and a real sweetheart . If you asked her , ‘ Can you just pass me that ? ' She 'd be like , ‘ Sure . '
“ She was easy for us , and you were happy to sit and help out this pretty little girl who 's really nice . ”
While the Ocean Club was clearly popular with British holidaymakers like the McCanns , from Rothley , Leics , the former child minder claimed it was considered an unsafe place for those who worked there .
After they arrived they were stunned when a fellow nanny passed on a message from hotel staff to never venture off the site alone .
They added : “ I just could n't get over how different it was to other Mark Warner resorts .
“ We were told , ‘ Here 's a rape whistle , do n't go anywhere by yourself , ever . ' There 'd been a girl attacked the year or so before in Praia da Luz . It did n't sound like a family resort to me .
“ I just got the feeling the locals did n't want us there . ”
It emerged in 2014 that 11 years earlier a 10-year-old British girl had been sexually assaulted “ in the heart ” of Praia da Luz .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
The victim came forward three years ago after a Scotland Yard appeal revealed a string of potentially linked sex assaults on young UK girls across the Algarve between 2004 and 2006 .
Mark Warner , which operates in resorts all over the world , quit Praia da Luz in 2015 .
Madeleine vanished as their parents ate with friends at a tapas bar just 40 yards from where they slept next to twin siblings , Amelie and Sean .
But the former nanny , who could n't face child minding again after the Algarve horror , said dining while kids were in the apartments was “ really normal ” in such resorts .
And they insisted there was no evidence Kate and Gerry would ever neglect their kids .
They said : “ I remember thinking , even before I knew them , how they were the picture perfect family . ”
( Photo : The People )
Asked if they think Madeleine is still alive , the woman said : “ Think possibly is the wrong word , but hope . I hope they are still alive .
“ It 's probably very naive , but the best case scenario of a very horrible situation , is that they were procured and taken for a rich person who did n't have children .
“ I ca n't go anywhere else in my head . I can read it about other people and know how horrible that seedy world is where children are sold . But my brain wo n't go there with them I just switch off .
“ But I think the only person who knows exactly what happened is Madeleine . Can I believe it 's 10 years on ? Yes and no .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
No because 10 years seems like a really long time , she 'd be nearly 14 .
“ And yes , because sometimes , when I talk about it , it feels like I 'm right back there again .
“ I wonder if she 's alive . Do they even remember ? Do they remember them parents ?
“ I 'm probably less harrowed by it now , but that 's just because , although it 's awful , it 's become accepted .
“ ‘ It 's Madeleine , she 's gone missing but it would just be the best day ever if I could be told that she 's been found . ”
Operation Grange , which was last month given £85,000 of Home Office funding to extend its probe until September , still speaks to witnesses .
Former `` Sex and the City '' star Cynthia Nixon says she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September.Her announcement Monday sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.In a video on Twitter , the public education advocate says `` We want our government to work again . `` Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the `` anti-Trump party . `` Nixon is a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three and an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll .
Self-styled godman Asaram Bapu . Senior government officials said they were not willing to take a chance in view of the cases of arson and rioting that broke out following Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh 's rape case verdict , in Panchkula , in August last year . Photo : HT
New Delhi : The Union home ministry on Tuesday issued a security advisory to Haryana , Rajasthan and Gujarat ahead of self-styled godman Asaram Bapu 's rape case verdict in Jodhpur on Wednesday .
The ministry said it was in touch with the state governments to ensure that no untoward incident occurred and that the law and order situation was kept in check .
While no central paramilitary forces have been sent to Rajasthan yet , prohibitory orders have been enforced from 21 April .
Entry to Jodhpur is being strictly monitored , with security vigil at bus and train stations stepped up and Asaram 's ashrams in the city 's vicinity cleared out . Senior government officials said they were not willing to take a chance in view of the cases of arson and rioting that broke out following Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh 's rape case verdict , in Panchkula , in August last year .
“ We have got all measures in place and adequate arrangements have been made to ensure that there are no disruptions . Adequate number of police companies have also been kept on standby and hopefully there should be no unforeseen incident , ” said a senior central government official , who did not wish to be named .
As per the directions of the Rajasthan high court , the Jodhpur sessions court will deliver its verdict in the case inside the Jodhpur Central Jail premises to prevent any outbreak of violence .
“ We have made all arrangements for the day . Magistrate along with court staff , Asaram and co-accused along with the defence and prosecution counsel will remain present in the courtroom in jail premises , ” DIG , Jail ( Jodhpur ) , Vikram Singh , said .
Asaram Bapu was arrested after a minor girl from Uttar Pradesh , a student at their ashram in Madhya Pradesh 's Chhindwara , alleged that they had called them to their ashram in Manai near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of 15 August , 2013 .
Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on 1 September , 2013 and has been in judicial custody since then .
A chargesheet against Asaram and four other accused was filed in November 2013 , under various sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act , Juvenile Justice Act and the Indian Penal Code ( IPC ) .
PTI contributed to this story
On Wednesday , Jan. 24 , Tyler Bade and Jacob Drechsler , above , were honored in a gathering at the Weichsel Municipal Center as national semifinalists in the FIRST Robotics Competition FIRST dean 's list . The award , sponsored by the Kamen family , selects high school sophomores and juniors for their efforts as student leaders . The entire Team 195 CyberKnights team , below , turned out to support their teammates . The pair were nominated by the local robotics team .
Photos by JANELLE MORELLI
Bhaskar Ganguly and Jhumu Ganguly with their son . Photo : Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Bhaskar Ganguly was around 40 years old when they first forayed into equity investing . “ In a way , I had already lost out on half my earning age , ” said Ganguly , now 51 . But that did n't deter them from exploring more and getting into a financial plan a couple of years later in 2009 . After all , they were still around 20 years away from retirement and their son Aditya was only about three years old then .
“ I did start a bit late , primarily because of lack of awareness , but I believe it 's never too late , ” they said .
Until about 2007 , Ganguly primarily invested through traditional life insurance policies and post office and bank deposits . “ I grew up in a middle class set-up in a small town of Bihar . My father was a central government employee and though the family was conscious about running the ship on a tight budget , there was no concept of equity investments during the '70s and '80s . All the savings were either in banks or in post office small savings . And that is pretty much how I invested and saved , ” said Ganguly .
Ganguly 's wife Jhumu , a housewife , preferred to manage the house rather than finances . “ I have left the finances on him , though I have accompanied them to the planner a couple of times , ” they said .
It was their own interest in reading about finances and their friends who helped Ganguly . “ I subscribed to personal finance magazines and loved to read about family 's financial plans. ” But it was discussions with few of their close friends at work that strengthened their resolve . “ All of us went for financial plans almost simultaneously , ” they said .
Ganguly met a couple of planners before settling with Suresh Sadagopan , a financial planner and founder , Ladder7 Financial Advisories .
Realigning goals and investments
Ganguly did have certain financial goals before getting a formal plan such as buying a flat , their son 's higher education and marriage , and their own retirement . “ My planner helped in identifying certain other goals like expenses related to specialised coaching for my son and vacations , ” they said .
The biggest problem that the plan addressed was aligning the goals with the investments . “ I had started investing in mutual fund SIPs a few years ago , but it was haphazard , ” said Ganguly .
The planner helped them gradually increase the equity allocation for long-term goals .
Ganguly 's Provident Fund contribution and a pension scheme from their company will form a large part of the retirement corpus , though there are other funds too .
For short-term goals like making the final payment at the time of getting the possession of their house in Navi Mumbai , in which they live now , and for unplanned expenses , investments were made in debt funds .
Though Ganguly had accumulated 8-10 traditional policies from friends and relatives “ who needed me to buy the policies more than I did ” , not too many changes were made there . “ While some of them were about to mature , my planner told me it would be too expensive to surrender others . Besides , I already had term insurance ; my company too provides life insurance , ” they said .
Similarly , health insurance was not recommended because being a public sector employee , Ganguly has a policy from their company that covers their dependants and will continue even after retirement . Also , there is no question of changing jobs for him , a window which leaves many others vulnerable .
Balancing lifestyle with savings
One of the aspects that touched Ganguly was that the plan was not just a cold calculation of their finances , but also took their lifestyle into account .
“ There was a time when I felt the need to enhance my savings , but my planner did not recommend that . They explained to me that in order to do that , I would have to drastically cut down my current expenditure , which would affect my lifestyle , ” said Ganguly . Their monthly investment figure did increase eventually , but it went up gradually . The family 's budget was never affected because the plan took into account the expenses .
The confidence that they would be able to meet their goals is a big reassurance and gives peace of mind , said Ganguly , who is just back from a family holiday in Mahabaleshwar .
OTTAWA - The Liberal government will introduce legislation later this year to erase past convictions for sexual activity with a same-sex partner , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday as multi-coloured flags were raised on Parliament 's west lawn .
The legislation would add to reforms already in the works to atone for the damage caused to thousands of Canadians convicted of gross indecency for committing homosexual acts .
Egale , a national organization that advocates for the rights of sexual minorities , handed the government a report last June that recommended those convictions be expunged , pardoned or somehow stricken from the records of those convicted .
Before 1969 , same-sex acts between consensual adults were considered unlawful .
`` Our government will be moving forward with a process for the expungement of criminal convictions for Canadians who were unjustly convicted of a crime simply for who they were and who they loved , '' Trudeau said as dozens of people gathered for the announcement cheered .
Trudeau also reaffirmed the commitment their government made last month to apologize for the wrongs of the past committed against gay , lesbian and transgendered Canadians .
The prime minister made the announcement on Parliament Hill after they and two of their cabinet colleagues , Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould and Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale , raised the Pride , transgender Pride , and Canada 150 Pride flags .
Sporting rainbow-coloured socks for the occasion , Trudeau said their government is committed to acknowledging and addressing historical injustices experienced by Canadians for expressing their gender identity .
`` We will acknowledge and apologize for the role played by legislation , programs and policies in the historical discrimination faced by ( LGBTQ2 ) Canadians , '' Trudeau said .
`` I believe that it 's essential to make amends for past wrongs , not to simply gloss over them . ''
The government is already moving to delete discriminatory Criminal Code provisions regarding consensual sexual activity that have been deemed unconstitutional .
Bill C-39 is currently at first reading stage in the House of Commons after being introduced in March .
The Senate is also examining Bill C-16 , which would add gender identity and gender expression to the list of prohibited grounds of discrimination under both the Criminal Code and Canadian Human Rights Act .
Egale also recommended the government examine whether and how to compensate people who suffered past discrimination because of their sexual orientation .
Trudeau made no mention of compensation as they made their announcement .
Wednesday marked the second time in as many years that Trudeau raised the Pride flag on Parliament Hill .
Hungary Reduces Number Of Asylum-Seekers It Will Admit To 2 Per Day
Enlarge this image toggle caption Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images
Hungary has quietly closed its borders to nearly all asylum seekers , which human rights advocates say violates international laws and is stranding thousands of refugee families in Serbia .
NPR interviewed asylum seekers , refugee advocates and a lawyer all with direct knowledge of the near closure and the resulting panic and despair . They report that since Jan. 22 , Hungary is allowing only one asylum seeker per day to cross from Serbia into each of its two `` transit zones . ''
The widely criticized zones – surrounded by barbed wire and dotted with shipping containers configured into living space — are the only places asylum seekers entering Hungary are allowed to go unless they already have refugee status from another EU country . U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi last September likened the transit zones to detention centers and called on Hungary to improve access for asylum seekers .
Now , access is reduced to two people per day . Critics of Hungarian refugee policy say what the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban and their ruling Fidesz Party is trying to do is boost approval ratings before parliamentary elections on April 8 . They 've adopted an anti-refugee platform that 's been shaken by the recent revelation that Hungarian authorities approved twice as many asylum applications in 2017 than the year before .
The near closure of the border `` is absolutely unbelievable , '' said Marta Pardavi , co-chair of the Hungarian Helsinki Committee . `` This means only unaccompanied minors or single men can get in – no families whatsoever . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Soraya Nelson/NPR Soraya Nelson/NPR
Government denies imposing limits
The Hungarian government denies it is imposing any limit , but acknowledged few asylum seekers were entering the country as of late . At a weekly government press conference yesterday in Budapest , Janos Lazar , the head of the Hungarian prime minister 's office , said immigration authorities ca n't help it if asylum seekers do n't want to come .
`` There is no such rule that they can take in one daily , '' they said . `` But if there 's [ only ] one man standing there , why should 10 customs officer [ s ] sit there ? ''
Their claim of few takers is improbable given there are thousands of people trying to get into Hungary at the moment from Serbia .
UNHCR last month reported 4,196 new refugees , asylum-seekers in migrants in Serbia , of whom only one in nine are looking to stay there .
The NPR team interviewed three Hungary-bound asylum seekers in Serbia Friday alone .
One Afghan man who was walking with their 2 ½-year-old daughter to buy milk at a grocery store in Subotica , a 20-minute drive from the Serbian border with Hungary , said he 's been waiting for four months at a refugee camp funded by Germany and that used to be a dog shelter .
`` Everyone is afraid ''
`` All of us here are in despair . We are ready to scream , we are so upset . Our fates are unclear , '' they said , asking we not identify them or their family after a Serbian police officer drove up and harassed them for talking to NPR . He , their young daughter and 12-year-old son are trying to reunite with their wife , who is an asylum seeker in Frankfurt and who has n't seen their children or husband in two years .
Fellow camp residents Sheerali Rezaie and their wife , Fatimeh , said they are at their wits ' end . Going back to their volatile province of Daykundi in Afghanistan is out of the question and they have no choice but to keep trying to get to Hungary , they said . The couple , who were taking their daily walk outside the compound , are also trying to get to Germany with their two sons . Their eldest son is 23 and living in Munich , where he 's applied for asylum , they said .
`` This camp is hell , '' Sheerali Rezaie said . `` The food is bad and there 's nothing for us here . ''
They said now that only two people are being allowed into Hungary , `` Everyone is afraid . We worry they 'll close the gates forever and say , 'good-bye , take off . ' ``
Enlarge this image toggle caption Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images
Decline in asylum seekers since September 2015
Timea Kovacs , a Hungarian lawyer who represents refugees in the transit zones , said she 's been bombarded with text messages and emails from asylum seekers stranded in Serbia since the near closure began .
They `` are very worried , '' especially the families , they said . `` Some of them were waiting there for more than one year . ''
They and the refugee advocates say the decline in the number of asylum seekers allowed into Hungary has been gradual since Budapest built its first fence in September 2015 to stem the flow of migrants crossing its formerly open border with Serbia .
Since then , the fence has been reinforced multiple times . It is a daunting barrier , outfitted with barbed wire , heat sensors , video cameras , and armed police patrols that quickly detect any attempted breech .
Kovacs says most asylum seekers now appear to accept the only way in is to enter the two transit zone camps outside the Hungarian border towns of Tompa and Roezske .
But those opportunities are dwindling . In 2016 , 60 asylum seekers total were allowed to enter each day into the Hungarian transit zones ; then it was reduced to 30 . Last year it was 10 , and now it 's two .
The Big Lead 's PM Sports Roundup , which is out sick today with full-blown Patriots fatigue .
Arielle and the Super Bowl : Arielle Vandenberg has been in their fair share of Super Bowl commercials . Will we see another this year ? Also , they give good Instagram :
LeBron ai n't going to the Warriors : LeBron James dismissed any talk that they would join the Golden State Warriors . They said to ignore any reports unless they come directly from him .
Super Bowl LII is here : Here 's a guide to everything you need to know about Super Bowl LII .
Tweet of the Day :
John and A.G. Spanos are offering interviews with San Diego-based writers and outlets but with major conditions attached . One of those conditions ? Absolutely no talk about the past . Count me among those who is not interested . They could be men and face the music but nope . — Ryan Phillips ( @ RumorsandRants ) February 2 , 2018
( yeah , I posted my own tweet , get over it )
In Case You Missed It on The Big Lead :
The Top Ten Future Hall of Fame Debates Involving Current NFL Players
Super Bowl LII Predictions : Patriots vs Eagles
Darren Rovell Describes How They Manicure Their Super Bowl Tweets
Russell Westbrook Did Nothing Wrong , Nuggets Security Has to Be Better
Around the Sports Internet :
A look at Tom Brady 's legacy which clearly extends beyond the NFL
Alex Smith and Kirk Cousins will have a major impact on the 2018 NFL Draft
The Celtics signed Greg Monroe for the remainder of the season
How did the NBA allow a fan to get on the court during Thursday night 's Thunder-Nuggets game ?
Song of the Day :
The man who taught thousands of kids — and adults — about grammar and math through song has died .
Bob Dorough , the creator of ‘ Schoolhouse Rock ' passed away at age 94 .
Their granddaughter Corin Wolf did n't disclose their exact cause of death but told CNN that Dorough was diagnosed with cancer last year .
From “ Conjunction , Junction , ” to “ I 'm Just a Bill , ” Dorough 's upbeat tunes helped educate thousands of viewers about simple math functions , rules of grammar and the legislative process .
‘ Schoolhouse Rock ' songs premiered in 1973 and ran on ABC from 12 years . The show came back on air in the 1990s for five more years . Today , the songs live on in YouTube videos — some with millions of views .
How their first song was born
Dorough , a jazz pianist and vocalist , wrote their first ‘ Schoolhouse Rock ' tune after a New York advertising executive approached them in 1971 . The executive said their sons could n't multiply and asked Dorough to set the multiplication tables to music .
Dorough ended up writing “ Three 's a Magic Number. ” Many others followed .
Dorough believed the songs resonated with so many because , “ even though they were in a ‘ rock ' or ‘ pop ' bag , my jazz sensibilities and the fine musicians I used for the audio recordings made the songs seem unusual to the Saturday morning cartoon listener , ” they told CNN in 2013 .
U.S. Air Force Tech . Sgt . Robert Taylor , propulsion mechanic with the 177th Fighter Wing of the New Jersey Air National Guard , controls the throttle of an F-16C+ Fighting Falcon engine while noting engine telemetry data during testing at the propulsion shop 's engine test facility , located at the Atlantic City Air National Guard Base in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. on Jan. 31 , 2017 . The facility , also known as the `` Hush House '' , is a multi-function building that can be used to perform diagnostic , troubleshooting and follow-on maintenance testing of the General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan , which produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner and can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound . ( U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt . Andrew J. Moseley/Released
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.31.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID : 3165537 VIRIN : 170131-Z-YH452-053 Resolution : 6016x4016 Size : 5.05 MB Location : EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP , NJ , US Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Air National Guardsmen utilize multi-function engine test cell facility [ Image 1 of 9 ] , by MSgt Andrew Moseley , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham is confident that Dele Alli will sign a new contract , according to reports .
England ace Alli is in the process of changing agents but Spurs reportedly believe that will have no impact on their decision to pen a deal with a big pay rise .
According to the Telegraph , Tottenham believe that penning a deal as one of the club 's highest earners will help them get back to their best .
Spurs are allegedly worried that if Alli is to sign with a super agent like Jorge Mendes or Mino Raiola , they may struggle to negotiate a new deal inside of the club 's wage structure .
Alli 's current deal has five years remaining on it , where they earn approximately £50,000-a-week , but is still below the top earners at the club .
Top stories from Saturday 's Daily Mirror
Everton will reject any attempt to prise their teenage sensation Ademola Lookman out of Goodison Park . Tottenham and Crystal Palace have both expressed an interest in the young star .
Thibaut Courtois is refusing to sign a new contract with Chelsea in a bid to force a transfer to Real Madrid , according to Spanish media .
Newcastle defender and captain Jamaal Lascelles has been rewarded with a new six-year deal to ward off potential interest from elite clubs in the 23-year-old .
( Image : REUTERS )
Manchester United are confident they will reach an agreement with midfielder Marouane Fellaini over a new deal .
Manchester United are reportedly looking to sign Phil Neville 's son Harvey , from Spanish side Valencia . The 14-year-old is part of the youth system at the club where their dad was once assistant manager .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Transfer news and gossip from other sites and papers
Manchester United and Arsenal are battling for Santos ' 16-year-old wonderkid Yuri Alberto . ( Sun )
Ivan Perisic will be the subject of a £54million bid from Manchester United ahead of next summer . ( Gazzetta dello Sport )
Liverpool are keeping tabs on Bayer Leverkusen 's breakthrough star Kai Havertz . ( Liverpool Echo )
Luis Suarez is set for a prolonged spell on the sidelines as they will have to undergo knee surgery . ( Express )
Crystal Palace , Fulham and Birmingham are competing for Sittingbourne 's 19-year-old , 6ft 7in defender Lex Allan . ( GetWestLondon )
West Brom manager Tony Pulis admits Albion must still prioritise survival ahead of cracking the Premier League top six .
The Baggies lost 1-0 to Liverpool on Sunday and have failed to score in their last four games .
They are yet to break the 50-point barrier in the Premier League and have won just one of their last seven games since making it to 40 points in February .
Albion remains eighth in the table , with 44 points , but Pulis insisted they have to manage expectations at The Hawthorns after Roberto Firmino 's winner on Sunday .
They said : `` The important thing is not Liverpool and that top six , the important thing is being in front of the game , always , with the teams below .
`` It 's that group of 12 or 13 teams . You play every season to finish outside the bottom three of the 13 . As soon as you start taking your eye off the ball and start thinking something else is going to happen then it can turn around and hurt you .
`` Bigger clubs than West Brom have been relegated . We need to ( keep ) getting better every year and improving the squad .
`` We might not finish in a position where you want but we want to get to cup finals and maybe , one day , finish in that position so we can play in Europe . Doing that takes time . ''
Pulis took Stoke to the FA Cup final , losing 1-0 to Manchester City in 2011 , and into the Europa League but has never finished in the top half of the Premier League .
They added : `` At Stoke it was different , we went to Europe and got to a cup final .
`` Can you do any more ?
`` You can finish in the top half and class that as success . I 'll always say that every time this club stays a year in the Premier League , ( that ) gives it an opportunity to put more solid foundations down . ''
Gautam Chatterjee , chairperson , Maharashtra RERA . Photo : Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
A front runner in implementing the Real Estate ( Regulation and Development ) Act ( RERA ) , Maharashtra has seen the maximum registration of housing projects across the country . Over 16,000 projects have been registered so far . As the implementation of the Act completes one year next month , Maharashtra RERA chairperson Gautam Chatterjee spoke to Mint about the key challenges they have faced and how the authority is dealing with resolving some of the inherent issues faced by the sector .
Are you happy with the way RERA has been implemented in the state and how it has progressed in the last one year ?
It can not be a yes or no answer . The initial work of putting things in place to get a digital platform ready on the midnight of 30th April , 2017 was a challenge which we could meet satisfactorily . It was n't merely putting a system or web portal in place but preparing the stakeholders was also important . If I were to analyse the first year , the first quarter ( 90 days ) was to bring all projects which were incomplete into the fold of the Act . That was the first challenge . There were a lot of rumours floating around that since things were not falling in place , the timeline would be extended but the effort was to tell developers— ‘ No ' it is sacrosanct and the provisions in the act can not be changed . Fortunately we got 11,000 projects in our fold . Till the 28th of July ( 2017 ) we had only 1,500 . The last three days of the quarter brought in around 8,500 registrations . And then I had people frantically calling ‘ Sir , I just missed the bus ' . With a slight penalty we allowed them to come in and we got another 2,000 in the next quarter . Now when this has happened people who are associated with projects wanted the second thing to be activated which is how do we raise grievances . Till date we have got around 2,400 complaints and have disposed of almost 1,200 of them .
What are some of the key challenges that you are currently dealing with ?
My understanding of the Act on why incomplete projects are brought into the fold is because you want them to get completed .
Only when the project is completed and occupiable , then it is a win win situation for the developer , industry and 100 % for the buyer ... Out of 13,000 ongoing projects registered , around 8,000 were running overtime . Clearly there must be some problem . When a project is incomplete you will then register it by giving out a revised date of proposal for completion . When you do that , you are allowing them to come forward and put in time , money , energy and resources to complete the project . That I think is a big challenge ... Secondly you have brought in an unregulated sector to regulation . It is a painful process . There would be a bunch of delinquents in this group ( whose projects have been registered ) . Identifying them will take me time . As we reach towards the completion date , we will come to know whether they are able to perform or not . If not , how do you deal with them . Who is going to take those projects and complete them ? These are some of the challenges we have to deal with as we move forward .
Do you think RERA will change how real estate developers function ? Do you see a lot of brokers and developers going out of business ?
There will be structural changes but it will not be the way which some of the media houses have said that only big ( builders ) will survive , and that mergers and acquisitions is the only way ahead . I do not subscribe to that view . I have a feeling this will bring a lot of professionalism in the industry . On the contrary a smaller player with lesser margins , has lesser expenditure and also get into sectors where there are huge amounts of buyers like affordable housing will survive . Of course , churning will have to take place . This is the most painful period . The first two -three years of the transition period will be really painful . But after this when we are able to sustain it , I see a very clean disciplined sector .
What are some of your priorities as we move in the second year ?
Three priorities that I would be pursuing in the second year . We have been able to resolve some of the complaints but at the macro level , we have to monitor those unfinished projects which have been out with a revised timelines to be completed within the next year . There would be serious consequences if within the revised times if projects do not get completed . Also while dealing with these complaints we find that trust between the buyers and builders has been lost . We need to bring that trust . Therefore we have created a conciliation forum where both developers and consumers can sit together and find a way to solve the problems . Third is to reach out to the interior parts of Maharashtra , bring in greater awareness among both developers and consumers .
© AZ Quotes
As Syrian president Bashar al-Assad called videos of last week 's chemical attack a `` fabrication , '' a piece of propaganda promoted by a Russian cyber operation and bearing the hashtag # SyriaHoax has gained traction in the United States , analysts tell ABC News .
Following the chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of civilians on Tuesday , Al-Masdar News , a pro-Assad website based in Beirut , published claims that `` something is not adding up in [ the ] Idlib chemical weapons attack . '' Its author cited `` holes '' in the accounts provided by the `` Al-Qaeda affiliated '' White Helmets leading to the conclusion that `` this is another false chemical attack allegation made against the government . ''
That hoax story was promoted by a network of Russian social media accounts and ultimately picked up by popular alt-right personalities in the United States , including Mike Cernovich , one of the leading voices in the debunked 'Pizzagate ' conspiracy theory . Cernovich popularized its new hashtag — # SyriaHoax — and sent it soaring through cyberspace . According to Trends24 , within hours of the retaliatory missile strike President Donald Trump launched on Thursday night , # SyriaHoax was the No . 1 trending Twitter topic in the United States .
J.M . Berger of The International Centre for Counter-Terrorism at The Hague , who studies propaganda and social media analytical techniques , said # SyriaHoax is `` a clear example of a Russian influence campaign '' designed to undermine the credibility of the U.S. government .
Let 's take Liberty Blitzkrieg for example . Despite the fact that my site is mentioned on `` the list , '' nobody from PropOrNot bothered to contact me while doing their `` research . '' They could 've asked very simple questions about how the site is run , who owns it , and who makes decisions about editorial content . Furthermore , I doubt they did any such research with regard to any of the mentioned sites before slandering them .
Since they failed to do any real work , let me answer several of these questions . I , Michael Krieger , am the 100 % owner of Liberty Blitzkrieg . I am the only person who makes decisions on what to publish and when . I have absolutely no connections , financial or otherwise , to the Russian government , Russian interests , or the interests of any other government or government related group . Moreover , there is simply nobody on planet earth who has any influence on what I write or what I publish . I left a very successful and financially lucrative job to do what I do now because my passions and ethical grounding pushed me in this direction . If I was interested in making enormous sums of money , I could 've easily stayed on Wall Street .
Moreover , I rarely write about Russia , with the exception of trying to prevent insane neocons and neoliberals in our government from actively seeking a military confrontation , because I — like most normal human beings — would prefer not to contribute to the manifestation of World War 3 . Likewise , I try to prevent war breaking out in all circumstances where I think it can and should be avoided . I intentionally almost never use RT as a source , and I 've never quoted anything from Sputnik . Unlike The Washington Post , I try to be extremely diligent about not publishing fake news , but I am a very strong critic of U.S. government policy , because much of U.S. government policy is certifiably insane and unethical . You can disagree with my opinion on that all you 'd like , but I challenge anyone to find anything that could reasonably be considered pro-Russia propaganda on my website . If Liberty Blitzkrieg really is a Russian propaganda site , this should be easy to do since I 've published thousands of articles over the years .
When you want to see what U.S. deep state propagandists are up to , all you have to do is take a glance at what meme corporate media happens to be pushing any given week . It 's been almost a decade since I started observing and analyzing the corporate press on a daily basis , and I can now say unequivocally that the quality ofThe believability of some of the stuff being pushed these days defies all logic and is easily dispelled with an ounce of critical thought , yet there it is , in our face on a daily basis almost taunting the intelligence of the U.S. population . Indeed , it appears the current strategy is no more sophisticated that proclaiming any and all dissent as being the result of `` Russia operations . `` To see what I mean , take a look at some excerpts from a recent article published by ABC News , Behind # SyriaHoax and the Russian Propaganda Onslaught There are a few things I want to highlight when it comes to these first three paragraphs . First , anyone paying the slightest amount of attention to what 's happening in the world would have immediately and independently questioned why Assad would launch a chemical attack guaranteed to lead to widespread international condemnation at the very moment they were most secure in their own position.Indeed , two of America 's more respectable former Congressmen , Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich both questioned the ridiculous deep state Syria narrative.Moreover , the reason corporate media needs to call # SyriaHoax a Russian operation is because it became the No . 1 trending topic in America . The public ca n't be allowed to think this train of thought represents actual grassroots thinking ( which it does ) , because that would imply that trust in the status quo is evaporating rapidly and uncontrollably ( it is ) .Now here 's the very next paragraph of the article.It 's all very reminiscent to how the pathetic Democratic establishment responded to Hillary Clinton 's loss . Rather than admitting they were a horrible candidate who ran a delusional campaign , they merely deflected criticism to Russia , James Comey , Bernie Bros , etc . It 's been a very embarrassing public strategy , and the deep state is now resorting to the exact same strategy through its corporate media parrots . All dissent is a Russian operation.This is where all of this is going , and it'sFrom a personal perspective , I know for a fact that the corporate media has a very specific narrative to falsely categorize anyone who questions the status quo as a Russian operative , because it happened to me via The Washington Post . As I noted in the piece , Liberty Blitzkrieg Included on Washington Post Highlighted Hit List of `` Russian Propaganda '' Websites I have yet to receive an apology from The Washington Post for the lies it shamelessly promoted , but I digress.Perhaps most importantly , the U.S. deep state is increasingly losing the very people it depends on to sustain even the slightest degree of public credibility . I 'm one example . Born in the belly of the financial beast of New York City , I was raised privileged , went to the right schools , graduated from a top university and launched my Wall Street career at the age of 22 . Ten years later , I was earning a stupid amount of money for adding absolutely nothing to society , but the response from the powers that be to the financial crisis was so grotesque and unethical I could no longer in good faith continue my career . This is n't the sort of thing that 's supposed to happen . People like me are supposed to stay loyal to the system for life due to the rewards the system bestows upon us . The fact that someone like me became opposed to a system that was so personally lucrative should be seen as a red flag for those in power . If it happened to me , it 's happened to countless others.Due to my upbringing and career on Wall Street , many of my close friends are from a socioeconomic class that should be deeply loyal to the power structure.Sure , many of them are forced to work in jobs and industries they despise due to familiar obligations and responsibilities , but do n't mistake this for faith or trust in the status quo.While they may need to play the game to survive and protect their families , they have no loyalty to or trust in the current paradigm and that will ultimately be very important . Multiple people told me that The Washington Post 's slandering of my website was a huge wakeup call for them , which highlighted just how dishonest the corporate press has become.Donald Trump was elected by many to reverse this course , but with their recent pivot away from domestic concerns to focus on war , he 'll likely preside over a dramatic and chaotic period of decline . When this happens , all sorts of people will come out of the woodwork , and you 'll see very quickly how little support the deep state actually has amongst the populace . This period will be frightening to witness , but it 's also a necessary evil.We must harness the opportunity and replace the corrupt , warmongering , Wall Street controlled dead-end culture and economy with a new paradigm after the old one crashes and burns , which it undoubtedly will.In Liberty , Michael Krieger
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal moved into the semifinals of the China Open by beating sixth-seeded John Isner 6-4 , 7-6 ( 0 ) on Friday .
The French Open and U.S. Open champion has won five titles this season and is closing in on the year-end No . 1 ranking .
`` I do n't remember a lot of mistakes , '' Nadal said . `` I went to the net very often . I did the things that I want to do , and I did it well , so very happy . ''
On the women 's side , unseeded Carolina Garcia of France upset third-seeded Elina Svitolina of Ukraine 6-7 ( 5 ) , 7-5 , 7-6 ( 6 ) in almost 3 1/2 hours to line up Petra Kvitova in the semifinals . Simona Halep , on course to becoming the No . 1 player in the world for the first time , faces French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
By the time you read this , little Alfie Evans may already have slipped from life .
On Monday evening , the life support machine which has kept them here with their devoted parents these last 16 months was switched off .
Only a miracle would enable them to see their second birthday on May 9 .
Once again a family 's battle to keep their child alive has made national news .
Like the family of Charlie Gard before them , Kate James and Tom Evans have done everything they can to avoid parting with their son .
And I feel only dreadful sadness for them .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
But for the mob who tried to storm Alder Hey hospital , spitting abuse at doctors and nurses supposedly wanting ‘ Justice for Alfie ' , I feel only contempt .
If these people were n't shouting and threatening in Alfie 's name , it would be something else , somewhere else .
For their affected rage has nothing to do with a sick little boy and everything to do with themselves .
Whipped into a frenzy by the ill informed hysteria of social media where moral outrage always trumps reasoned thought , they brought mob mentality to Alder Hey . To a hospital which cares for 270,000 ­children every year and saves thousands of their lives .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
To doctors and nurses , working long hours in ­difficult conditions for ever decreasing pay . To other young patients who faced the terrifying barrage of protesters on their way to already terrifying medical appointments .
You 'd think this mob might realise that any decisions on Alfie 's care are now in the hands of the courts . And surely they realise that those who dedicate their lives to medicine do it to save kids – not kill them .
But for some people nowadays the realities of a situation do n't matter . It 's all about emotion and achieving some personal satisfaction from hearing their voice loud in a crowd .
The world has come a long way from my grandparents ' day .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
They would n't have dreamed to ­question the judgement of a doctor , or a teacher , or any of ‘ their betters ' .
Of course it was right that as a society we gained the courage to challenge the establishment . Without it there would never have been Justice for the 96 at Hillsborough , the BBC sex scandals would have gone uninvestigated and Stephen Lawrence 's murder unresolved .
But I ca n't help feeling that the pendulum is swinging too far when no deference remains even for those who spend their days saving sick babies .
Expressing anger may have made the Alder Hey mob feel better about the way they believe the entire establishment treats them .
But it did absolutely nothing for beautiful little Alfie Evans .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Montana Brown might have split from their Love Island boyfriend Alex Beattie last week , but it looks like she 's already moving on .
The 21-year-old beauty has jetted out to LA and is certainly making the most of the California sun .
Posing on a rooftop in a blue thong bikini , Montana showed off their enviable curves as they turned their bare bottom to the camera .
`` First morning in LA , sunny side up , '' they commented .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Splash News )
Later , the star was spotted shopping on Melrose Avenue in West Hollywood .
The newly single reality star looked stunning in a bright yellow dress with a plunging neckline .
They carried a pale grey Michael Kors bag as they browsed boutiques .
Montana wore a matching pare of nude high-heel sandals for the outing and was all smiles as they strolled down the street and checked their phone .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
Last week , Montana hinted that ex Alex Beattie was being a fake during their time in the Love Island villa .
The reality babe took to Twitter to tell fans that she 'd called off their romance just weeks after leaving the show .
And in their statement , they appeared to suggest that Geordie Alex was n't being themselves on the popular ITV2 dating show .
They wrote : `` Alex and I have decided to split . Making our relationship work on the outside has been hard . They have n't been the same since coming out of the villa . Despite this we are still close and I will always support him . ''
Love Island 's Montana Brown FINALLY lets slip they are no longer dating Alex Beattie
( Image : WENN )
( Image : ITV )
Alex quickly posted a response , saying the decision was mutual .
It said : `` Me and Montana met yesterday and have decided that it 's best to call it a day with our relationship with each other . It 's been very hard on the outside to make us work how we desired .
`` I still have strong feelings towards them and will be remaining close friends and supporting them throughout . ''
It comes after Montana admitted they were `` doing their own thing . ''
As Montana jetted off to LA as their role as brand ambassador for clothing range Pretty Little Thing , the reality star - who admitted they went on Love Island for publicity - left Alex back in blighty .
Hunky Alex - who Montana said on Love Island looked like they had been `` carved by angels '' - was left nursing a modelling contract .
( Image : Rex Features )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And Montana even admitted on live TV that they did n't love him .
Appearing on ITVs This Morning , things got awkward when they revealed , `` I do n't love Alex yet – no .
`` I am really true to myself in the sense that I do n't want to say it when I do n't mean it which means in my eyes when I do say it – it will mean a hell of a lot more . ''
Playing it cool , Alex insisted they were fine with the situation . `` Obviously their feelings for me are genuine but love is a massive thing , '' they said .
`` If it takes them a bit more time than me then that is fine with me . I am an easy-going , chilled guy . ''
The pair apparently put on a united front at the reunion , although Montana was spotted leaving with their previous partner , Simon Searles .
( Image : Rex Features )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And a source previously claimed that she 'd put Alex on the backburner .
`` Montana is keen to follow their dreams as a TV presenter and has been attending meetings this week to get the wheels in motion , '' the friend added to The Sun .
`` She does n't like partying and is n't a big drinker so personal appearances in nightclubs are n't really them thing .
`` Instead they are ambitious and very much a career woman – their relationship with Alex is going to take a back seat . ''
Hawaii 's Volcanic Eruption Draws Scientific Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
The images from the volcanic eruption on Hawaii 's Big Island are breathtaking . Lava is gushing from cracks in the earth , blasting — at times — more than 200 feet in the air . Vog — volcanic fog — from the volcano is drifting as far as Guam .
For those living in the southeast corner of the big island , the eruption is devastating . But it 's also presenting an incredible opportunity for scientists , looking to better understand the world usually beneath our feet .
A post shared by N Rott ( @ narott ) on May 27 , 2018 at 11:23pm PDT
Every day , night and minute since this major eruption started , scientists have been tracking its progress . Drones buzz over the rivers of lava , blinking red and green at night against the creamsicle glow on the rising smoke . Sensors and monitors record every earthquake and eruption . And teams of volcanologists are out on foot 24 hours a day recording gas levels , lava speeds , fountain heights and whatever other data they can get .
Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island 's Tourist-Dependent Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island 's Tourist-Dependent Economy Listen · 3:47 3:47
National Residents Near Hawaii 's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Residents Near Hawaii 's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Listen · 3:50 3:50
Alexa Van Eaton , a physical volcanologist who 's usually stationed in Oregon , at Cascades Volcano Observatory , went out recently to record the speed and behavior of a lava flow from fissures 7 and 21 . What struck them most was the sound : `` You can hear , first of all the coqui frogs , but in the background you can hear the clinkering of the lava , which really does sound like breaking glass . ''
That word clinkering is actually a technical term . It 's the barely audible sound and process of lava breaking .
`` As a volcanologist you learn about this term clinker , '' says Van Eaton , `` and for me , it had n't really sunk in that that 's what it actually sounds like . It 's clinkering ! It 's onomatopoeia ! ''
Van Eaton and other scientists here are very , very excited about the opportunity to study an active volcano . As one scientist put it : Eruptions like this are a window into the inner workings of our planet .
`` This is a once-in-a-lifetime process to really be a part of , '' Van Eaton says .
But the reality of what this volcano is doing to people , their homes and property , is not lost on any of the scientists here . Brett Walker , a PhD student from the University of Hawaii at Manoa , was out collecting lava samples here a few nights ago .
`` So as excited as I was to collect this fresh molten piece of lava , '' they explain , `` I 'm collecting it on the property of my friend 's house , whose house was burning down . So it 's just this complete mix of excitedness , happiness and sadness and devastation really . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
Wendy Stovall , a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey , says all of the data they 're collecting here will drive research for years , helping scientists better understand how volcanoes work all over the world . They say it 's a generational event that will define the field like Mount St. Helens did in the 1980s .
`` And that will hopefully inform land-use planning , emergency preparedness and keep people 's lives from being impacted so heavily like they have during this eruption , '' Stovall says .
That 's the reason Natalia Deligne has been watching the eruption on TV during their lunch breaks . She 's a volcanic hazard and risk modeler in New Zealand .
`` Our largest city , Auckland , is built on top of a volcanic field , '' they say . `` And so the hazards and impacts we 're observing on Kilauea , we can imagine that happening here . ''
And Deligne 's not alone . Scientists across the globe are watching Kilauea — in Costa Rica , Japan , Iceland and others — hoping to learn and prepare for the next eruption .
With all the buzz around Star Wars : The Last Jedi and its mysterious plot , much of the discussion revolves around Rey , Luke , and the Jedi . Seeing as how the title of the next Star Wars movie is # TheLastJedi , it should n't be a surprise to hear that quite a bit of focus has been laid on to everything related to the Jedi . And while the Jedi are a major part of Star Wars : The Last Jedi , the movie is n't just about them .
Remember , too , that General Leia is leading a resistance army against the First Order , and the trailer gave us our first look at the space battles in which the two sides will clash .
In these brief shots of space warfare , we get our first good look at some of the new ships piloted by the Resistance , as well as a brief glimpse at the hulking new versions of the AT-AT .
Here 's a breakdown of all the new spaceships introduced in the teaser trailer for Star Wars : The Last Jedi .
Airspeeders
At about 1:17 seconds into the trailer , new Resistance ships shoot into frame . They 're unlike any of the spaceships we 've seen before but they do n't seem out of place in the # StarWars universe , which is a good thing .
These new ships appear to be a cross between a landspeeder and a T-47 airspeeder . It does seem plausible for these new Resistance ships to be new versions of the T-47 airspeeders , seeing as how they 're flying towards a troop of AT-ATs .
'Star Wars : The Last Jedi ' [ Credit : Lucasfilms ]
A similar battle was waged , of course , on Hoth during The Empire Strikes Back , when the Resistance used T-47 airspeeders to stop the rampaging AT-AT . With that known , these new airspeeder iterations could be heading towards a similar confrontation . That said , the new versions of AT-AT are much more advanced than the clumsy versions introduced in # EmpireStrikesBack .
AT-AT Units
'Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back ' [ Credit : Lucasfilms ]
If you 're questioning when the AT-AT showed up in the trailer , they were difficult to see , especially if you were paying attention to the new T-47 airspeeders .
As the new airspeeders fly in , they 're actually flying towards a blockade of AT-AT units . You ca n't see them right away but the AT-AT units can be seen in the distance and they 're quite a bit bigger than previous incarnations .
'Star Wars : The Last Jedi ' [ Credit : Lucasfilms ]
Apart from what can be discerned about the AT-AT in the trailer , information on the new versions leaked a bit ago , revealing that the new AT-AT units would be huge , hulking machines . The new AT-AT units will still possess the same structure but the flimsy front legs have been swapped out for gorilla like appendages . Check out the whole description below .
From the front it resembles a gorilla with its front arms firmly planted on the ground [ ... ] it has a high back that slants down towards the rear . The front legs also have a tiny cross-bar type deal that allows its front legs to kind of scoop go forward and then scoop back . In the very brief moment I saw a demonstration of the walking motion , it had a very different rhythm and pace from the classic AT-AT . If I 'm not being clear , this thing is a mechanized AT-AT gorilla . ''
[ Credit : MakingStarWars / Lumberjack Nick ]
After reading the description of the AT-AT `` gorilla '' , I 'm worried for the Resistance . They were lucky the first time with Luke leading the squad but this time the Resistance might not be so lucky . And if the description of the AT-AT is any indication of how menacing they 'll be , we 're likely to see that entire squad of new airspeeders wind up being casualties in that same encounter .
Will We See More New Ships In 'Star Wars : The Last Jedi ' ?
Those were just the new ships introduced in the trailer for Star Wars : The Last Jedi . We should expect the movie to unveil more ships in its premiere . It also seems like an abundance of new technology will be introduced so more spaceships could be in the works . We 've already seen the Resistance and the First Order 's newest vehicles , meaning more would n't be out of the realm of possibility .
What did you think of the new spaceships introduced in the trailer ? Exciting or not ? Leave your thoughts in the comments section below .
Star Wars : The Last Jedi premieres December 15 , 2017 .
NIAGARA FALLS , N.Y. - A trapeze artist from a renowned family of daredevils is planning to hang by their teeth from a helicopter over Niagara Falls today .
The stunt by aerialist Erendira Vasquez Wallenda comes on the fifth anniversary of their husband 's tight-rope walk over the falls .
According to organizers , the chopper will hover about 100 metres above the Horseshoe Falls .
Members of the Wallenda family have gained fame as a circus act .
In 2012 , Nik Wallenda walked 550 metres from the American side of the falls to the Canadian side .
Today 's televised stunt , hyped by local authorities , is expected to last about seven minutes .
Market Research Future published a research report on Global Digital clinical workspaces Market and predicts that Global Digital clinical workspaces Market is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR of 6.1 % during the forecasted period .
Digital clinical workspaces help the healthcare provider to access and view patient information from anywhere , and on any device . The doctor can access the patient information and keep updates about the healthcare status for the patients . They can also view reports of various diagnostic and imaging tests of the patient . Therefore , digitalization of the healthcare data and the use of mobile applications for information access help the hospitals and clinics to improve operational and financial efficiency . Another benefit of the digital clinical workspace is that it helps to streamline workflows and avoid errors in recording and maintaining the patient data .
The growth of healthcare IT , increasing use of Electronic Health Record ( EHR ) Systems , and rising emphasis on security of medical records of the patient drive the growth of the market . However , the high cost of digital workspace software systems available in the market is expected to restrict the growth of the market during the forecast period .
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5713
Top Players in Digital clinical workspaces Market :
Some of the key players in this market are Citrix. , System C , VMWare , Inc. , Imprivata , Inc. , Healthcare at Home , CSC Scandihealth A/S , Kyoto Technologies. , Dimension Systems , Inc. and others .
Market Segmentation of Digital clinical Workspaces Market :
The global digital clinical workspaces market is segmented on the basis of component , application , and end-user . On the basis of component , the market is segmented into security and compliance tools , mobile device management software , identity management software , and others . On the basis of application , the market is segmented into medicines administration , e-prescribing , clinical noting , clinical collaboration , and others . On the basis of end-user , the market is segmented into hospitals and clinics , diagnostic centers , and others .
Regional Analysis of Digital clinical Workspaces Market :
The American digital clinical workspaces market is driven by the increasing use of the healthcare software and digital workspaces for workflow management , online consultation , and e-prescribing . Additionally , key players offer a wide range of digital workspace solutions to the doctors , nurses , and other healthcare professionals with added features . In the US , there is an increase in the number of physicians using medical apps and smartphones for patient management . Furthermore , increasing emphasis on the patient information management and the growth of healthcare IT in the U.S. also influence the market growth . In South America , the healthcare IT sector is growing at the fastest rate with an increase in the demand for smart healthcare management software .
European digital clinical workspaces exhibit steady growth , with Germany being the largest contributor . France and the U.K. hold the second and third position , respectively . Factors driving the growth of the European market are increase in the emphasis on delivery of quality care marked by digitalization and use of healthcare software in hospitals and diagnostic centers . Furthermore , the use of clinical practice management software , adoption of healthcare IT services , and availability of funds for research and development activities in healthcare IT also fuel the growth of the market . Additionally , increasing number of healthcare software solution providers also fuels the market growth .
In Asia Pacific , there is a need to improve the healthcare management in various developing regions such as India . The market growth is attributed to the increasing penetration of healthcare IT and growing number of local players in the market . The popularity of digital clinical workspaces is increasing , and healthcare providers have now started using clinical data management solutions in hospitals , which will further support the progress of the market . Both the healthcare providers and patients are also becoming aware of the importance of patient records and their safety . This led to an increase in the use of software for healthcare management , thereby stimulating the market growth .
The digital clinical workspaces market in the Middle East and Africa demonstrates steady progress with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) being the largest contributors to the market growth . Strategic approaches by key players such as product launches , geographical expansions , and acquisitions also drive the market . The African market for digital clinical workspaces shows growth with the demand for technologically advanced healthcare services .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-clinical-workspaces-market-5713
Some of Major Table of Content for Digital clinical Workspaces Market :
Chapter 1 . Report Prologue
Chapter 2 . Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3 . Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4 . Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
TOC Continued… . !
Get Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5713
About US :
Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Office №528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune — 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Three Green Berets were killed and two more were wounded in an ambush in Niger . The U.S. special forces are in Niger to train local forces in anti-terrorism tactics to battle violent extremists .
Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Africa Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Audio will be available later today . Three Green Berets were killed and two more were wounded in an ambush in Niger . The U.S. special forces are in Niger to train local forces in anti-terrorism tactics to battle violent extremists . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Diego Costa has been included in Atletico Madrid 's squad to face Arsenal on Thursday .
The Gunners ' arch-villain had been expected to miss the first leg of the Europa League semi-final after picking up a hamstring injury in the last round against Sporting .
But streetfighter Costa - a thorn in Arsenal 's side during their three seasons at Chelsea - could yet prove their undoing in their bid to win a final trophy for Arsene Wenger .
Costa has missed Atletico 's last three matches . Boss Diego Simeone had all but ruled them out on this week 's tie .
Speaking last Saturday Simeone said : “ The doctors will inform us but I think it wo n't be possible for them to be ready for Thursday 's game .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
“ He will be [ available ] for sure in the return leg , but I think they have no chance to be [ fit ] for the first leg game . ”
Arsenal will hope to use as their FA Cup Final win last year - and their Premier League home victory - as a guide to silencing Costa .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
The Brazil born Spain international , however , is known to have been unsettled and went on to be exiled from Chelsea last summer .
In two of their previous meetings with Arsenal , Costa scored twice and forced the dismissals of Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny .
Not My Job : Method Man Gets Quizzed On Method Acting
Enlarge this image Jason Merritt/Getty Images Jason Merritt/Getty Images
Method Man co-founded the hip-hop collective Wu-Tang Clan . He 's also done best-selling collaborations with Redman and Mary J. Blige , acted in movies and TV shows and is now the host of the new rap battle show Drop The Mic .
Being that the Method Man is also an actor , we gave them three questions about Method acting : the dramatic technique of `` becoming '' the character one plays .
Click the audio link above to see how they do .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor vs Floyd Mayweather Jr is on !
The worst kept secret in fighting has finally been revealed with the superfight set to take place later this summer .
UFC legend McGregor will take on the unbeaten five division boxing champion Mayweather .
The pair have both confirmed the event will happen on their social media pages - with the Irishmen taking a chance to troll their 40-year-old American rival .
The Dubliner agreed to a deal with UFC president Dana White to allow them to fight Mayweather in a boxing match .
And through their promotions company , Mayweather reserved the summer date with the Nevada Commission .
But when is all the action ? How can you watch it ? What are all the details ?
Here is everything that you need to know ...
( Image : Getty Images )
( Image : thenotoriousmma /Instagram )
When will the fight take place ?
The date to put in the diary on Saturday , August 26 , although the fight will likely start in the early hours of the Sunday morning UK time .
Where will the fight take place ?
McGregor and Mayweather will slug it out at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas . The venue has a capacity of 20,000 for ring based events .
It has previously seen Canelo Alvarez vs. Amir Khan , Canelo Alvarez vs. Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. , Gennady Golovkin vs. Canelo Alvarez , UFCs 200 , 202 , 207 , 209 and 213 take place .
Ticket prices have not been announced yet .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
Where can I watch the fight ?
If you ca n't get your hands , or stump up the cash , for tickets , you 'll be desperate to know how you can watch it .
While Showtime will broadcast the fight live on pay-per-view in the United States , there is likely to be a bidding war between Sky Sports and BT Sport in the UK .
Whichever TV station gets the rights , Sky Go or the BT Sports app will be the places to go to watch the fight on the go .
( Image : Getty )
How much will the fighters earn ?
The mega-fight could generate upwards of £500million .
UFC head honcho Dana White expects McGregor to earn around $ 100m - although the breakdown of that figure has not been broken down .
Mayweather is thought to have negotiated a bigger slice of the profits .
The fight is expected to break all television box office records .
How much are tickets and when do they go on sale ?
Ticket details have not yet been released but expect official prices to be between $ 1,500 and $ 7,500 , which was the fee fight fans paid at face value for the Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao fight in 2015 .
( Image : Ezra Shaw )
What are the rules ?
According to TMZ , the fighters will use 10 ounce gloves in a 12 round boxing fight .
Both McGregor and Mayweather will be tested by USAGA for performing enhancing drugs after the fight .
( Image : PA )
What weight will they fight at ?
They will fight at the light-middleweight limit of 154lb - a weight at which Mayweather beat Oscar De La Hoya in 2007 .
Fighters ' records
McGregor - UFC
25 fights
22 wins ( 18 KOs )
3 defeats
( Image : @ TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter )
Mayweather - Professional Boxing
49 fights
49 wins ( 26 KOs )
0 defeats
Who is on the undercard ?
All that has been revealed so far is that there will be an undercard , which will comprise of boxing rather than MMA .
Heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has previously hinted they want their next fight to be on the undercard of McGregor vs Mayweather - after they sensationally beat Wladimir Klitschko earlier this year .
That seems unlikely as the Brit has been an exception to their IBF title .
( Image : PA )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Floyd Mayweather 1/6
Conor McGregor 4/1
Draw 40/1
Bet now with Skybet .
Shonda Rhimes is officially leaving ABC for Netflix .
The queen of Thursday night TV is taking their Shondaland production company to the streaming service , with a new multi-year deal that was announced on Sunday night .
Netflix 's Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos lauded Rhimes as `` one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television '' in a statement from the company . And no one would disagree with him .
`` Her work is gripping , inventive , pulse-pounding , heart-stopping , taboo-breaking television at its best , '' they said . `` I 've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she 's a true Netflixer at heart—she loves TV and films , they care passionately about their work , and they deliver for their audience . We 're so excited to welcome them to Netflix . ''
Rhimes is just as excited about the news but remains appreciative of their ABC family . `` I could not have asked for a better home to begin my career , '' they stated . `` I continue to be grateful to work with so many talented people . ''
VIDEO : The Most Expensive TV Shows of All Time
But Rhimes has huge plans for their work with Netflix , affirming the service as a `` fearless space for creators . '' They ended with , `` The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities . ''
Not to fret though : Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal , and How to Get Away with Murder are n't going anywhere . They will remain on ABC . And the forthcoming spin-off of Grey 's Anatomy is still in the works as well .
RELATED : Bad News , Gladiators : Scandal Is Ending After Season 7
Did you even need another reason to devote more time to Netflix ?
The Los Angeles Chargers continue to be a national laughingstock . On Thursday night , Jimmy Kimmel got in on the action , ripping the franchise for its lack of impact on the city and the complete lack of buzz Dean Spanos and their marketing team have generated . Then they offered some suggestions .
Here 's what Kimmel and their team cooked up to help the Bolts . Stick through to the end for the best part :
It 's one thing when football experts and sports talk radio hosts are blasting you , it 's another when late-night shows get in on the act . And this was n't just a one-off joke , it was a produced piece that took time to create . I mean , Bill Simmons christening Spanos “ Dumbass Dean ” was great and all , but Kimmel 's bit took things to another level .
The Chargers are an absolute embarrassment and it 's not getting better any time soon .
3D printed solar energy trees convert solar energy into electricity , which is used for running various applications that include humidifiers , mobile devices , LED light bulbs , thermometers , and other household appliances . 3D printed solar energy trees can be installed indoors and outdoors , harvest kinetic energy from wind and temperature in the environment , and store them in the solar panels . 3D printed solar energy trees can not provide energy for large constructions or appliances where significant amount of energy is required . Producing energy from 3D printing solar energy trees is expensive . These factors act as restraining factor for the 3D printed solar energy trees market .
Request Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=24893
Increasing population , urbanization , and industrialization has led to increase in demand for energy from renewable sources . This has led to expansion of the 3D printed solar energy trees market . Solar energy is environmental friendly and is beneficial for developed countries where the demand of energy is high and they do n't have sufficient space to producing energy . Implementation of solar collectors require large amounts of space for trapping solar energy . Demand of solar trees is rising , as the installation of 3D printed solar energy trees require less space . 3D printed leaves have a lifespan of 2 to 3 years , and the raw materials employed are recyclable . These factors act as driving factors for the expansion of the market .
In terms of region , the market for 3D printed solar energy trees can be segmented into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , and Middle East & Africa . Decreasing prices of solar energy has led to cost competitive advantage in comparison to the traditional sources of energy . The concept of urban lighting is widely accepted in Europe and has led to the implementation of solar forest , which harvests solar energy for providing electricity . The European Union has implemented stringent regulations on electrification of transportation and are taking necessary steps to reduce greenhouse emissions while generating energy . This has resulted in Europe dominating the 3D printed solar energy trees market . Countries such as India and China have witnessed expansion in their renewable energy sectors , which has led to rise in demand for solar generated energy . This is likely to fuel the expansion of the 3D printed solar energy trees market . The 3D printed solar energy trees market in Asia Pacific is estimated to expand due to the increase in urbanization and industrialization , which has led to increase in demand for energy .
Request Customization @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=CR & rep_id=24893
Key manufacturers of 3D printed solar energy trees include SolarBotanic , Envision Solar International , Inc. , Solar Impulse Industry Co. Ltd , Creative Smart Innovations , and Spotlight Solar .
Giving Voice To Memories From 1947 Partition And The Birth Of India And Pakistan
Enlarge this image toggle caption Associated Press
As India and Pakistan celebrate 70 years of independence this week , the legacy of the August 1947 Partition of British-ruled India that resulted in the birth of these two nations is something both are still coming to terms with .
Religious violence exploded as Hindus and Sikhs fled toward India , and Muslims toward Pakistan , the newly created homeland for South Asia 's Muslims . Millions of people were uprooted and displaced from cities , towns and villages where their families had lived for generations .
It was the largest mass migration of the 20th century . Over the course of a year , an estimated 15 million people crossed borders that were drawn up in haste by the British Empire .
Along the way , scenes of brutality played out : Mobs rampaged through cities and countryside , attacking and killing members of religions not their own . `` Ghost trains '' full of refugees ' corpses plied the railway tracks in eerie silence . Women , desperate to avoid abduction and rape , committed suicide . There was arson , looting and bombings .
By the time it was all over , a million people — maybe more — had died .
Only in recent years have the memories and insights of those who lived through the trauma and chaos of Partition been recorded in a systematic way . For such a central and defining set of events in both India and Pakistan , the stories of Partition witnesses and survivors were , for the most part , not given voice outside their own families .
`` Because their experiences were n't given importance for so many decades , they just learned to feel that what they experienced was n't really worth talking about , '' says Guneeta Singh Bhalla .
They are the founder of the 1947 Partition Archive , a nonprofit based in Berkeley , Calif. , that is highlighting the stories and honoring the memories of those who lived through Partition . This grassroots project is racing against time to make sure as many Partition witnesses ' voices as possible are heard and their stories are documented for posterity .
People had learned to subdue this history and to take it as not serious . It was like , 'Oh yeah , that thing that happened , but we do n't really talk about it . ' I thought that was a problem in itself .
`` There is a huge urgency , '' Bhalla says , `` because the generation that remembers is n't going to be with us for very long . ''
As a child in India , Bhalla , now 38 , used to listen to their own family 's stories from Partition . They are originally from Punjab — a region split between India and Pakistan that , along with Bengal , which was also split , saw some of Partition 's bloodiest violence .
Them paternal grandmother , a Sikh , fled to India from Lahore , which ended up on the Pakistani side of the new border .
`` My grandmother 's experience was very harrowing , '' they say . `` She was in a refugee camp for awhile until their brother found them by chance and they drove away in a Jeep . And all the stories of the dead bodies they saw and had to run over at the time just kind of blew me away as a kid . It seemed really unreal . ''
They knew their grandmother had been traumatized . But at school in India , there was silence .
1947 Partition Archive YouTube
`` You know , with Partition , we 've been hearing these stories from our grandparents , but it 's not even covered in the history books , '' they say . `` Basically , the thing that really hit me was the disconnect between the folk history I 'd grown up hearing versus the lack of it in our textbooks . There was a disconnect between what we learned in school and what we learned growing up in our families . ''
In 2009 , Bhalla , a physicist , visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial in Japan , and listened to the recorded testimony of those who survived the U.S. atomic bomb attack . The power of their voices hit them hard .
`` It was just like a very huge aha moment , '' they recall , `` like , whoa , this needs to be done for Partition . ''
The oral histories , they realized , could bridge the disconnect she 'd perceived between what was learned at home and what was taught in schools . They did some research to see if an oral history project existed for Partition , but found nothing . So , they say , `` For my own sake , I started recording stories . ''
1947 Partition Archive YouTube
They sought out Partition witnesses in India and began documenting their memories . At first , they say , `` Everyone thought it was kind of a really nuts idea . People had learned to subdue this history and to take it as not serious . It was like , 'Oh yeah , that thing that happened , but we do n't really talk about it . ' I thought that was a problem in itself . ''
Bhalla moved to the Bay Area to take a job at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory . But in their free time , they continued recording interviews with Partition survivors .
`` I just showed up randomly , '' they recall . `` I looked up the Sikh temple , mosques and Hindu temples in the area . '' At their first stop , the Fremont , Calif. , Sikh temple , they set up a table and a sign saying `` 1947 Stories , '' they recall , and `` a huge line of people formed . '' They quickly realized the enormity of their task – and that she 'd tapped into a great need .
The stories poured in . Bhalla started recruiting others to help and founded the 1947 Partition Archive . Now , running the archive is their full-time job . The project has recorded more than 4,300 oral histories . More than 500 volunteers have helped record the stories in 22 different languages , from 12 countries — primarily in India , Pakistan and Bangladesh ( which became independent from Pakistan in 1971 ) , but also in the U.S. , the U.K. and elsewhere . Bhalla themselves has conducted interviews with 100 Partition witnesses .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Max Desfor/AP Max Desfor/AP
The archive 's goal is to document 10,000 stories . But time is running out . The stories come from people in their 70s and older , sharing sometimes horrific memories from their childhoods : witnessing train massacres , seeing corpses and decapitated heads , watching parents and other family members attacked and murdered .
1947 Partition Archive YouTube
Reena Kapoor , an engineer in Silicon Valley , is one of the 1947 Partition Archive 's volunteers , known as `` citizen historians . '' Them grandmother — a widow who fled with their children from Peshawar , in Pakistan , to India — crossed back over the border alone to retrieve valuables . Like many , she 'd thought the move would be temporary and they could return home after things calmed down ; they brought little with them . On their way back to India , they survived a harrowing journey on a train that was attacked .
`` She just sat quietly in a corner pretending she 'd been killed too , so they would n't be noticed , '' Kapoor says .
Kapoor says she 's recorded at least 50 stories from Partition survivors . `` It takes me two or three days to decompress from it , '' they say , `` because I hear a lot of things that are very disturbing . ''
It 's very easy to dehumanize the other side ... It allows us to do horrific things . When we start talking about 'them ' and how 'they ' are , it absolves us of the responsibility of recognizing them as human . And of our values as being universal .
They say strong bonds can form between interviewers and interviewees — and for the Partition survivors , having the opportunity to share long-held , traumatic memories can be cathartic .
`` Many have n't really told the story before , '' they say . `` They 've told it in bits and parts , there and here . But they have n't told the details or had the chance to tell their own family members . Some find it easier to tell some of these secrets , for lack of a better word , to someone who they do n't know very well . ''
What can be harder , Kapoor says , is confronting uncomfortable truths about the violence surrounding Partition .
`` I 'm still a little surprised by how folks do n't understand why this happened and what it was caused by , '' they say .
Many of those whom she 's interviewed have told them they recall that things were relatively harmonious prior to Partition . But it 's not so simple , they believe .
`` Who were these people who came and killed ? '' they say . `` It was us . We did it to each other . There were deep rifts beneath the surface , deep divides that were easily inciteable . ''
They say the lessons from 70 years ago resonate today .
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
`` It 's very easy to dehumanize the other side , '' they say . `` And I think that 's the key . It allows us to do horrific things . When we start talking about 'them ' and how 'they ' are , it absolves us of the responsibility of recognizing them as human . And of our values as being universal . ''
1947 Partition Archive YouTube
In addition to the 1947 Partition Archive , similar projects to document Partition memories have also taken root recently in both India and Pakistan . After decades of silence , there 's a growing recognition of the importance of preserving the voices of Partition and making them heard more widely .
Being based outside the region means the 1947 Partition Archive is able to gather memories from all sides . In addition to its own website and YouTube channel , the archive 's holdings are also available now through partnerships with Stanford University and several universities in both India and Pakistan .
`` I think being outside of South Asia , having a team of such diverse backgrounds , we were able to create something that catered to sort of everybody , '' says Bhalla . `` The narratives are different across the borders , the official narratives , and I think what the stories do is they bridge that gap . ''
And in the end , Bhalla says , that 's what the 1947 Partition Archive is all about — bridging gaps and building empathy . The best way to create understanding , they say , is to see that everyone went through similar struggles 70 years ago . People 's personal stories , they say , are the most powerful way to bring that out .
by Jonathan Schumann
( This week , Jonathan Schumann returns to Arts and Leisure to review Mother ! Jonathan , who shared this column with their dad , Mark Schumann , from 1999 to 2006 , now lives in New York City . )
Ugh . How do you solve a problem like Mother ! , the new film from filmmaker Darren Aronofsky ? And even more challenging , how do you write about it without giving away its many twists and turns ? I hesitate to say “ plot twists and turns ” as there is n't much plot to speak of . So , buckle up .
A nameless man ( Javier Bardem ) and woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) live in what seems to be bucolic splendor in a charming fixer upper . They seem to be some sort of writer , they seem to be more of a homebody . What feels like a set-up for a new HGTV series takes an unexpected turn when a strange man ( also nameless , played by Ed Harris ) arrives at the door late one night . Bardem is welcoming , Lawrence is suspicious .
The next day , the man 's wife arrives in the glorious form of Michelle Pfeiffer who should appear in more movies . How great to see this luminous actor working on a big screen . And let 's be clear . The only reason I 'm giving this movie even a single bucket ( and not what would be an unprecedented zero buckets ) is because of Pfeiffer 's vampy , campy turn . Unfortunately , it 's a small role . And , when they leaf , I wanted to follow them to whatever narrative they were exiting to , a late 80s Aaron Spelling soap , no doubt . This pair of unexpected arrivals leads to more uninvited guests , and a menacing spiral of events that builds to a catastrophic end .
That 's about as much as I can say without giving too much of the “ plot ” away . Not that I 'm entirely sure what happened or what it means . Much has been written about what the film 's loose story and archetypes might represent . Is it about climate change ? Is it a biblical allegory ? Is it a cautionary tale about the pratfalls of fame ? Perhaps a Rosemary 's Baby homage for the Trump era ? To be honest , I have no idea . I love allegory . I love filmmakers breaking the rules and experimenting and disrupting the status quo . But there 's not enough here to go on . It may all make sense in Aronofsky 's mind , but they do n't pull the curtain back far enough to let us in . And a filmmaker this complex needs , at times , to help translate what he 's thinking .
To be clear , Aronofsky 's skills as a visual storyteller continue to amaze . The camerawork and narrative point of view here are stellar . But superior craftsmanship ca n't make up for a hollow story . I will offer props to Paramount for funding this disaster . In an increasingly cautious filmmaking landscape , few studios are willing to fund original stories . And , though this one fails , the fact that it was made in the first place is a good thing .
Streaming Pick : Black Swan
This Aronofsky film does a much better job of balancing absurd , camp elements with a coherent narrative flow . The movie — about a ballerina who is totally losing it — works because of its grounding in the reality of Lincoln Center and rich characters brought to life by actors doing superior work . Barbara Hershey and Vincent Cassel are great in supporting roles , but the film belongs to Natalie Portman , doing their best work ever ( and Oscar agreed ) .
Mother ! is rated R for strong disturbing violent content , some sexuality , nudity and language . The film runs 2 hours , 1 minute , and is showing in local theaters . 1 Popcorn Bucket . Want to read more about films by Darren Aronofsky ? Check the Reel Dad at Arts and Leisure online at hersamacorn.com .
Aronofsky makes us think with The Wrestler
By Mark Schumann
The Reel Dad
As they try to do Mother ! , filmmaker Darren Aronofsky makes us think with their 2008 film , The Wrestler . Unlike their latest film , however , The Wrestler creates its impact through the development of characters that make sense in a narrative that never lets up .
The lead character Aronofsky 's powerful film could be working in any profession . They could be , in fact , anyone who formerly enjoyed a spotlight , commanded a crowd , attracted fans . That they step into a wrestling ring to do their work is incidental ; the event is simply a metaphor for how a world can treat those it considers has-beens . And the lessons the film offers can be meaningful to anyone .
When released , the film attracted a lot of attention , for good reason , for the striking work of Mickey Rourke in the title role . But the value of The Wrestler reaches beyond any one performer . This is a beautifully written and directed character study of a man who tries to reinvent their life when they are no longer able to do the work for which they have trained all of their life . That they have better days behind them gives them history , but does not make them pitiful . When this man steps into their ring , they know who is , and what their work involves . He 's just not prepared for it to be taken away from him .
The Wrestler opens with “ Randy Ram ” as they do a good night 's work on the professional wrestling/intense performing circuit . Nothing seems off limits in the effort to excite an audience and , in two brutal sequences , we are shown just how far these performers will go to entertain . Unfortunately , Randy forgets their age , and the damage they have done to their body over the years , and suffers a heart attack . The film focuses on their efforts of rehabilitation , physical and emotional , as they strive to carve a life that can thrive outside the rink .
Unfortunately , for Randy , as for many professionals who have focused on their careers , the relationships closest to them have given way to other priorities . So when they try to reconnect with their long-lost daughter , beautifully played by Rachel Evan Wood , they experience the pain of many a parent trying to reach out . And when they try to establish a relationship with a dancer in a club , perfectly portrayed by Marisa Tomei , they learn that the charm they convey when they work does n't always work when they live .
At the center of the film is Rourke who is pitch perfect in every moment . Rarely do we get to see an actor , a role and a director so creatively aligned . Rourke does n't perform the part ; they are the part ; and they are heartbreaking . While much attention initially went to the brutality of the wrestling sequences , the finest moments in the film are the quiet ones , when Rourke 's face and eyes register a despair that reaches off the screen .
The Wrestler is a film that is so good , so lasting , and in other hands could have been so wrong . It turns out Nicholas Cage was originally cast in the lead role . That would have made it a star turn . What adds to the drama on screen is how we know , as an audience , that Rourke is fighting for their professional life , too .
The Wrestler , released in 2008 , is Rated R for violence , sexuality/nudity , language and drug use . The film runs 1 hour , 49 minutes , and is available online .
A man with conviction is a hard man to change . Tell them you disagree and they turn away . Show them facts or figures and they question your sources . Appeal to logic and they fail to…
The post MCP has an opportunity to govern Malawi in 2019 but Chakwera , stop preaching to the choir or disband appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi .
Source link
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Capitol Hill Democrats have rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $ 25 billion in funding for President Donald Trump 's long-sought border wall as Washington talks on a $ 1.3 trillion catchall spending bill hit a critical stage on Monday .
Disputes remain over immigration enforcement and a smaller infusion of wall funding , as well as a major rail project that pits Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y .
Monday 's developments were described by congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive .
All sides pressed toward an agreement by Monday night , though aides said it appeared more likely that the measure would be unveiled Tuesday for a House vote Thursday . House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown .
The bipartisan measure is loaded with political and policy victories for both parties . Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon , while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure , the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs .
The bill would implement last month 's budget agreement , providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies . Coupled with last year 's tax cuts , it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October .
While most of the funding issues in the enormous measure have been sorted out , fights involving a number of policy `` riders '' - so named because they catch a ride on a difficult-to-stop spending bill - continued into the weekend .
As is typical , many or most of the policy riders were melting away .
For instance , an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama 's health law appeared to be failing . A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault .
President Donald Trump told two Republican senators on Saturday that they support adding proposals to a huge spending bill that would provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health care premium increases .
Sens . Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and Susan Collins of Maine spoke to Trump for an hour on Saturday in a call initiated by the two lawmakers , the sources said .
Alexander and Collins are among Republicans backing proposals to revive payments to insurers that Trump halted last fall that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers . Those reductions are required by the Obama health law , and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums .
They would also create a $ 30 billion , three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill , expensive consumers .
Both proposals are in trouble because Democrats oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion .
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies , several aides said .
Efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival , or DACA , program appeared likely to fail , aides said . Trump killed the Obama-era program in September , but a court decision has essentially left it in place , for now . The White House had revived the idea in recent days - offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $ 25 billion for Trump 's border wall - but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA , a request denied by GOP negotiators .
Trump tweeted Monday night : `` The Democrats do not want to help DACA . Would be so easy to make a deal ! ''
Chances for a behind-the-scenes effort to strengthen Capitol Hill procedures for dealing with workplace harassment complaints also appeared to be fading , aides in both parties said , casting responsibility on Senate Republicans for favoring a more narrowly drawn approach than legislation that passed the House last month .
Trump , meanwhile , has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $ 900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project , a priority for Schumer . Trump 's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Peter King , a House member from New York who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick 's luncheon in the Capitol on Thursday .
The Gateway Project would add an $ 11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating , century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years . It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money .
Most House Republicans voted to kill the funding last year , however , preferring to see the money spread to a greater number of districts .
Schumer has kept a low profile , avoiding stoking a battle with the unpredictable Trump . One potential resolution is to include money for Gateway but not specifically earmark it for the project .
There 's also a continuing battle over Trump 's long-promised U.S.-Mexico border wall . While Trump traveled to California last week to inspect prototypes for the wall , what 's pending now is $ 1.6 billion for earlier designs involving sections in Texas that double as levees and 14 miles ( 23 kilometers ) of replacement fencing in San Diego .
It appears Democrats may be willing to accept wall funding , but they are battling hard against Trump 's demands for big increases for immigration agents and detention beds they fear would enable wide-scale roundups of immigrants illegally living in the U.S .
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Doorstep lenders are putting people at risk of serious debt problems . The warning is contained in a damning new report from Citizens Advice .
The charity has called for a crackdown on dodgy doorstep tactics , such as intimidating struggling borrowers .
More than 1.3 million people in the UK use doorstep loans , with the average loan size £500 . But how some of them go about it has come in for serious criticism .
Citizens Advice says one man was visited by a lender on the day their son had died and refused to leave until a family member went to an ATM to withdraw cash .
In another case highlighted by the charity an elderly blind woman was harassed by an unscrupulous debt collector while they were hospitalised after a stroke .
Illegal as well as wrong
Such intimidating behaviour breached the City Watchsdog 's debt collection rules .
The doorstep firms are also accused of irresponsible lending and turning up at people 's homes unannounced to try and flog them high-coast credit .
They have also been putting pressure on people to take out new loans to cover existing debts , putting them into a disastrous cycle of debt .
The charity said one woman who had a legally binding debt plan to repay nearly £20,000 was given three doorstep loans by three separate lenders , despite them knowing their situation .
poll loading Should doorstep lending be banned ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
Families put at risk
Citizens Advice chief Gillian Guy , said : “ Some doorstep lenders are putting people at risk of escalating debts with their irresponsible actions . ”
They said the personal nature of doorstep loan selling and debt collection can put customers in a vulnerable position .
“ Our evidence shows some lenders are taking advantage of that relationship and causing serious harm to borrowers , ” Guy added .
The charity wants the Financial Conduct Authority to extend its cap on payday loan interest rates and fees to doorstep loans . It also wants the regulator to strengthen rules to ensure responsible lending across the market .
× Wet , windy weather increases landslide risk ( It 's already one of the wettest Februarys ever )
SEATTLE — Get ready for two rounds of heavy rain and wind on Wednesday .
Q13 Meteorologist Rebecca Stevenson says round 1 of rain hits this morning and then will briefly lighten up in the later morning hours . Round 2 rainfall increases intensity near 2 p.m. and continues through midnight .
Wind follows a similar timing with morning wind gusts the strongest on the Washington coast and the north interior . A wind advisory is in effect for gusts of up to 50 mph .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“ Wednesday 's rain will push us into the top 10 wettest Februarys on record and it is only halfway through the month , ” Q13 News Chief Meteorologist Walter Kelley said .
They added that “ everyone ” will get at least an inch of rain Wednesday , with more for the foothills and mountains . This will make for messy commutes during the morning and evening with standing water on the roads .
“ Area rivers will run high and fast but the Skokomish will flood by Wednesday night , ” Kelley said .
The second round of increasing wind will be southerly and most of us will be breezy through the Sound with gusts up to 40 mph near midnight through Thursday morning , Stevenson says .
By Thursday afternoon , the heaviest rain will begin to break up into showers mid morning . High temperatures near 50° will cool into the 40s . Snow levels will drop to around 3,000 feet .
Here 's what else we are tracking :
Flood watch : all counties west and north of the Olympic mountains , includes Whatcom county . Flood warning in effect for the Skokomish river .
Freezing rain : the Cascade Passes this morning have been under advisory but central and eastern Washington will continue a Freezing rain advisory through 4 p.m. today .
High landslide risk : Saturated ground plus more rainfall today and tonight , take western Washington above the threshold for measuring landslide risk . Please be alert to the dangers of shifting ground and prior slide areas .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The last tweet from actor Keith Chegwin paints a morbid picture - after it was today confirmed the 60-year-old passed away following a `` long-term battle with a progressive lung condition '' .
Now their last tweets somewhat illustrate just how ill the ailing entertainer was toward the end of their life , after they were forced to take some time out from work in order to concentrate on their health .
Their last tweet - sent out to their 173,000 followers - on September 28 reads : `` Still not right . I will be back - But not for a bit yet . I 'm so sorry . ''
While a similar message , sent out three months earlier , on June 28 , said : `` Apologies for not tweeting . Back as soon as Xxx promise . ''
Following the announcement of their death on Monday , fans took to their final tweet to share their heartbreak at the news of their passing , adding to the 'get well ' wishes that inundated the message when it was originally posted .
( Image : ITV )
Brave Keith Chegwin confessed they considered suicide before successfully battling ten year booze addiction
( Image : PA )
One said : `` RIP you lovely man . Brought joy and laughter to so many . You will be missed . ''
While another added : `` RIP Keith ... gutted to hear this sad news . ''
A third said : `` My childhood . So sorry you 're gone . Sleep peacefully . ''
In a statement , released on Monday around lunch-time , Chegwin 's family said : `` We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition , idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis , which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year .
( Image : Internet Unknown )
TV presenter Keith Chegwin 'predicted their own death in one of their last interviews '
`` Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December . Their wife Maria , their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by theirs side .
`` We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness , support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks . ''
It comes after the telly favourite - best known for fronting popular TV shows including Cheggers Plays Pop and Multi-Coloured Swap Shop - recently revealed they were worried about their mortality following a string of celebrities dying .
( Image : Jonathan Brady/PA Wire )
Speaking to OK ! magazine in May 2016 , they described their nerves after stars like David Bowie , Prince and David Gest all passed away in recent months .
They said : “ [ I 'm ] worried . I 'm having a panic attack as we talk . It could be me that 's next . But there wo n't be any long compilation film on the news I promise you that .
Some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice , but when it comes to what sunk the Titanic , the answer has always appeared to be crystal clear . New evidence , though , might change those assumptions , The Independent reports — a researcher now believes an iceberg is n't to blame for the ocean liner 's sinking , but actually a fire that had been raging in the hull of the ship for almost three weeks :
While experts have previously acknowledged the theory of a fire on board , new analysis of rarely seen photographs has prompted researchers to blame the fire as the primary cause of the ship 's demise . Journalist Senan Molony , who has spent more than 30 years researching the sinking of the Titanic , studied photographs taken by the ship 's chief electrical engineers before it left Belfast shipyard . Mr. Maloney said they were able to identify 30-foot-long black marks along the front right-hand side of the hull , just behind where the ship 's lining was pierced by the iceberg . They said : “ We are looking at the exact area where the iceberg stuck , and we appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place , before they even left Belfast . '' [ The Independent ]
The fire was too large and too hot to be put out , with 12 men reportedly failing to quench the 1800-degree flames . Officials on board the ship were allegedly instructed not to mention the fire to the Titanic 's passengers , with the ship even reversing into its berth at Southampton to keep people from seeing where the fire had damaged the ship .
`` Nobody has investigated these marks before , '' Molony said . `` It totally changes the narrative . We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle , and reduces its strength by up to 75 percent . The fire was known about , but it was played down . They should never have been put to sea . ''
Over 1,500 people lost their lives when the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage between Southampton and New York City in April 1912 . Jeva Lange
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Huddersfield have smashed their club record transfer record to agree a £10million fee with Manchester City for Aaron Mooy .
Huddersfield made agreeing a permanent deal for Mooy a priority after they played a leading role in their promotion success to the Premier League while on loan last season .
And the Terriers have thrashed out a deal with City for the Australian playmaker , who leaves the Blues , having not played a single minute for the club .
Mooy , 26 , arrived last summer from City 's sister club Melbourne City and was immediately loaned out to Huddersfield .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Rex )
The deal is understood to consist of a down payment of £8million and a further £2million in add-ons .
It is believed Mooy has agreed personal terms of around £35,000-a-week .
Huddersfield 's previous record transfer was the £1.8million they paid for Christopher Schindler last year and is a sign that owner and chairperson Dean Hoyle is fully behind manager David Wagner .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United 's defeat at Tottenham was far more convincing than the 2-0 scoreline suggests as the visitors were outplayed at Wembley on Wednesday .
Jose Mourinho 's men return to action at home to a Huddersfield side that caused problems earlier in the season , with the Terriers securing a famous win to end the Red Devils ' unbeaten start to the Premier League campaign in October .
United need to avoid a similar slip-up on Saturday , when respects will be paid to the victims of the Munich disaster ahead of the 60th anniversary .
Here is all you need to know about the fixture ...
When is the game ?
The game kicks off at 3pm today .
Where can I watch it ?
The match is not being broadcast live in the UK although one can also follow every kick on Mirror Football .
Team News
Marouane Fellaini joins Manchester United 's injury list ahead of the Premier League match against Huddersfield at Old Trafford .
The Belgium midfielder came off shortly after being brought on in the midweek defeat at Tottenham and faces a spell on the sidelines with a knee injury .
Defender Eric Bailly and striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic remain absent and defender Daley Blind has been out with an ankle issue recently but Alexis Sanchez is in line to make their home debut for United .
Huddersfield will be without Danny Williams for a second game in succession when they travel to face Manchester United at Old Trafford .
Williams missed the midweek defeat to Liverpool due to the dead leg they suffered during the FA Cup tie against Birmingham and they have not recovered in time .
Chris Lowe ( groin ) is also ruled out as the Terriers try to end a four-game losing streak which has left them just a point above the relegation places .
Loan signing Terence Kongolo was taken to hospital after feeling ill following the Liverpool game , but they have been given the all-clear .
How Are They Doing Now ?
Enlarge this image NPR NPR
How Are They Doing Now ? How Are They Doing Now ? Listen · 5:35 5:35
The monthly jobs report is out . The headline numbers tend to bounce around a lot , so today on the show , we take the long view . We look at three groups that got hammered especially hard during the recession and ask : How are they doing now ?
Those groups are :
People who are working part time but want to be working full time :
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
African-American workers :
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
High-school graduates who did not go to college :
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Music by Drop Electric . Find us : Twitter/ Facebook .
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts , PocketCasts and NPR One .
The total value of the drugs is in excess of $ 1 billion .
The total value of the drugs is in excess of $ 1 billion .
Drug bust nabs more than 400kg of heroin The West Australian
Drug smugglers operating off the coast of Australia suffered another hammer blow this week when frigate HMAS Warramunga seized 414kg of heroin in the western Indian Ocean on Thursday .
The latest bust , valued at $ 124 million , means the crew of Warramunga has been responsible for preventing 11.5 tonnes of hashish and 1.5 tonnes of heroin from entering circulation in just over a month .
The total value of the drugs , confiscated from seven separate vessels , is in excess of $ 1 billion .
In the latest seizure , Warramunga 's Seahawk helicopter crew spotted the smuggler while conducting surveillance late on February 1 .
Parcels of narcotics seized by HMAS Warramunga lay on the deck of a smuggling vessel in the Middle East .
HMAS Warramunga Commander Dugald Clelland said the seizures ripped money out of terrorist organisations from around the world .
“ The team on land and at sea has worked well to identify and search vessels of interest in a large geographic area , dealing a series of significant blows to the drug trade that funds violent extremists , ” they said .
All of the captured narcotics were disposed at sea .
Summary of drugs confiscated by Warramunga in its current rotation
• December 27—29 December 2017 : 8 tonnes hashish ; 69kg heroin ( three vessels intercepted over this period )
• January 3 : 3.5 tonnes hashish
• 7 January : 111kg heroin
• 24 January : 915kg heroin
• 1 February : 414kg heroin
Women Who Accused President Trump Of Sexual Misconduct Want Congress To Investigate With allegations of sexual harassment and assault in the forefront of politics , women who have accused President Trump of misconduct are renewing calls for them to be held accountable .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Brendan Cole dropped a major hint that they are set to permanently quit dancing - just days before they were axed from the hit BBC show .
The New-Zealand born professional , who was given the boot by show bosses after 13 years , had already been talking about their dance career coming to an end and has plans for an unlikely career change as a builder and property developer .
Brendan - who was a dancefloor favourite among fans of the show - apparently wants the challenge of the ‘ hard ' labour that the job entails .
( Image : PA )
They said : “ I 'd like to develop property . I used to build houses right from when I left school .
“ I really enjoyed doing it ; I like the hard work and the hard labour of doing it . I get stuck in . When my dancing career ends I will start up property developing . ”
The dancer also revealed they were starting to struggle with some of the dancemoves during the most recent series of Strictly - after admitting that learning the complicated dance routines has become ‘ harder ' for him .
Speaking in Yours magazine , Brendan added : “ It 's certainly getting harder for me . I try and look after myself , but one day it will be too hard . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An air ambulance is on standby ready to fly Alfie Evans to Italy for treatment - as the sick toddler continues to `` fight for their life '' , their family 's legal team say .
A fresh hearing on Alfie 's case is set to take place in Manchester this afternoon , more than 18 hours after their life support was reportedly withdrawn .
The 23-month-old 's parents are to again ask a High Court judge to let their son travel to an Italian hospital , according to the Christian Legal Centre ( CLC ) .
A barrister representing them `` will argue that it can not be in Alfie 's best interests to be left to die in Alder Hey Children 's Hospital '' in Liverpool .
`` He will argue that Alfie should be allowed to travel to Italy where doctors are ready to care for him , '' a spokesperson for the CLC said this afternoon .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Alfie Evans : Live updates as toddler given legal lifeline with ANOTHER hearing '15 hours after life support switched off '
They added that an air ambulance is currently `` waiting '' near the hospital .
The CLC told Mirror Online an ambulance at Alder Hey would transport the little boy to the aircraft , should the judge permit them to fly abroad .
It comes after Alfie 's dad , Tom Evans , said their son had been breathing unassisted and was `` still alive '' hours after their life support was 'turned off ' .
Speaking to reporters outside hospital this morning , Tom , 21 , claimed : `` For nine hours Alfie 's been breathing for now . He 's still breathing now . ''
They added : `` It 's come to a point when their mum 's actually asleep next to them so they can go to sleep , they feel comfortable with him . ''
( Image : AFP )
Shortly after , the father took to Facebook to confirm their son was `` still alive '' following more than 10 `` horrendous '' , `` scary '' and `` heartbreaking '' hours .
Meanwhile , Alfie 's mum , Kate James , wrote on the dedicated Alfies Army Official Facebook page that the toddler had been `` allowed oxygen and water '' .
Sharing a picture of them being cuddled , they remarked : “ How amazing is he ... no matter what happens they have already proved these doctors wrong .
`` How beautiful do they look . ”
Mr Justice Hayden is scheduled to oversee today 's hearing in the Family Division of the High Court , which was due to start at around 3.30pm .
The CLC , which is assisting Tom and Alfie 's mum , Kate James , said the judge would be asked to allow medical experts in Italy to examine Alfie .
The spokesperson said medics at Alder Hey had stopped providing `` ventilation support '' to Alfie last night - but that they `` continued to breathe independently '' .
`` Alfie has survived much longer than the doctors predicted , lending support to the request from Alfie 's parents for Alfie to be seen by medical experts in Italy , '' they said .
The CLC claims `` the court and the hospital should welcome the intervention of the Italian government and let Alfie travel to Italy '' .
Andrea Williams , chief executive of Christian Concern , linked to the CLC , said : “ Alfie continues to fight for their life in an extraordinary way , as do their parents and our lawyers .
“ We welcome the intervention of the Italian government and are grateful that they stand ready to take Alfie to Italy .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
“ A common sense approach must now be for Mr Justice Hayden to discharge all the court orders which detain Alfie and seek to end their lives in Alder Hey , and give them the chance to be treated and looked after in Italy . ''
They added : “ We urge the court to allow Alfie to travel to Italy today . ”
Yesterday , Mr Justice Hayden had dismissed a `` last-ditch appeal '' by Tom and Kate , who have both desperately fought to keep their child alive .
The judge had said doctors at Alder Hey could stop providing life-support treatment to the toddler , who has a mystery brain condition .
Alfie 's parents asked for a delay to give them time to mount a further challenge .
But the judge refused their application and gave doctors the go-ahead to stop treatment and bring the youngster 's life to an end .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Mr Justice Hayden analysed issues at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court late yesterday . The judge heard submissions from lawyers representing hospital bosses , Alfie 's parents and the toddler via a telephone link .
Speaking outside Alder Hey earlier today , Tom said their son 's life-support should be reinstated due to their remarkable progress .
`` He is still working , he 's doing as good as they can , '' they told reporters .
`` But we do need them to be supported ... in the next hour it 's going to be hard but we will need them to be supported in the next hour or two .
`` Because he 's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected , the doctors are gobsmacked and I do believe they will need some form of life-support in the next couple of hours and I think they ought to be respected and given that . ''
( Image : Facebook )
Alfie 's parents want treatment to continue and to fly them to a hospital in Rome .
Their case has been highlighted by the Pope , who expressed support for the couple , and they have been granted Italian citizenship .
Tom and Kate have lost two rounds of High Court fights .
Judges have heard that Alfie , born in May 2016 , is in a `` semi-vegetative state '' and has a degenerative , undiagnosed neurological condition .
Specialists say their brain has been `` eroded '' .
In February , Mr Justice Hayden had ruled that doctors at Alder Hey could stop treating Alfie against the wishes of their parents following hearings in the Family Division of the High Court in London and Liverpool .
( Image : Instagram )
Specialists at Alder Hey said life support treatment should stop , and Mr Justice Hayden said they accepted medical evidence which showed that further treatment was futile .
They also said flying Alfie to a foreign hospital would be wrong and pointless .
Court of Appeal judges upheld their decisions . Supreme Court justices and European Court of Human Rights judges refused to intervene .
The couple then argued Alfie was being wrongly `` detained '' at Alder Hey and made a habeas corpus application . Mr Justice Hayden dismissed that application .
Appeal judges upheld Mr Justice Hayden 's decision .
On Friday , Supreme Court justices said they would not intervene .
Early yesterday , EHCR judges also refused to intervene .
BJP national president Amit Shah ( above ) is attempting new caste combinations like Lingayat-Vokkaliga ( believed to be two largest communities in the state ) to counter Siddaramaiah 's AHINDA ( acronym for minorities , backward classes and Dalits ) combination . File photo : Mint
Bengaluru : Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) national president Amit Shah on Monday said the “ appeasement policies ” of the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government in Karnataka would not be good for the law and order situation in the state .
Shah 's reference to the law and order situation in Karnataka comes at a time when communal tension is at an all-time high in Dakshina Kannada and other coastal districts of the state , that have witnessed murders and brutal attacks on workers from both right wing and minority groups .
Shah said that at least 30 workers associated with the BJP have been murdered in recent times and Siddaramaiah had withdrawn all cases against Social Democratic Party of India ( SDPI ) —alleged to be involved in the attacks—adding to the tensions in the communally sensitive region .
“ He is making Karnataka unsafe , ” Shah said while terming Siddaramaiah 's recent initiatives like the demand for a Karnataka flag , language debate , demand for separate minority religion status for Lingayats ; its dispute with Veerashaivas and shielding tainted ministers as “ vote bank politics . ”
However , Shah pulled up their own partymen for their lack of campaign initiatives in the state including their inability to capitalise on the income tax department raids on state energy minister , D.K . Shivakumar , two BJP legislators said on Monday , requesting not to be named .
Shivakumar had hosted at least 40 legislators from Gujarat for nearly 10 days in a resort in Bengaluru to thwart any poaching attempt by the BJP and secure the Rajya Sabha re-election of Congress leader Ahmed Patel . Shah and the BJP 's attempt to unseat Patel failed , marking a rare setback to the saffron party 's tallest leaders since the party stormed to power at the centre in 2014 .
Shah said that the BJP had suspended its own partymen accused of corruption—justifying the resignation demand of Shivakumar .
B.S . Yeddyurappa , a former Karnataka chief minister and member of Parliament from Shikaripura on Monday . said that the BJP will launch a week-long agitation ( from 18 August ) demanding the resignation of Shivakumar and other leaders of the Congress who are under the IT ( income tax ) scanner .
Shah even countered allegations levelled by Siddaramaiah that the Centre had snubbed the state especially in grants . They said that under the 14th Finance Commission , the share of Karnataka stood at Rs2.19 trillion as against Rs88,583 crore in the 13th Finance Commission .
Political analysts say that Shah 's personal involvement and extensive outreach in Karnataka shows that BJP national unit is leaving nothing to chance to regain power ahead of next years elections . Karnataka—traditionally a Congress bastion—has assumed significance in recent years as it is considered the key to the saffron party 's expansion plans in the south of the country where it has little or no presence at all .
“ This is Delhi ( national unit ) taking control of the state unit , ” said Narendar Pani , professor at the school of social sciences at National Institute of Advanced Studies .
Shah is attempting new caste combinations like Lingayat-Vokkaliga ( believed to be two largest communities in the state ) to counter Siddaramaiah 's AHINDA ( acronym for minorities , backward classes and Dalits ) combination .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England 's hopes of hosting the world Cup in 2022 are not yet over , it has been claimed .
It comes after a report was leaked about the safety of the tournament being held in Qatar , the oil-rich nation that was controversially handed the competition by corrupt FIFA officials in 2010 .
Experts believe the possibility of terror attacks , further corruption or even war make the country `` too risky '' for a World Cup .
Qatar is in the middle of a diplomatic crisis after several neighbouring Arab nations cut off diplomatic relations .
Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Egypt and Bahrain have withdrawn ambassadors and imposed trade and travel bans with Qatar .
They accuse the state of supporting terrorism .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images AsiaPac )
Some experts are predicting it could escalate leading to an `` abrupt '' decision to drop the World Cup in 2022 .
That would leave England in pole position to act as an emergency host for the tournament .
A football source told the Daily Star : `` England is ready
for football to come home .
`` We are long overdue a World Cup and have a proven track record in hosting major sporting events like the Olympics .
`` We could practically take on the 2022 tournament overnight .
`` Our cities could take the fan influx , our public transport is capable and the stadiums are of the highest quality .
`` Qatar should never have got this competition in the first place .
`` It 's way too hot in the summer and is nowhere near
ready to host the world 's greatest sports event . ''
( Image : PA )
It comes after a study carried out by management consultants Cornerstone Global warned construction companies that that Qatar 's World Cup programme is a `` high-risk project '' .
Citing political tensions it said : `` Given the current political situation ... it is certainly possible that the tournament will not be held in Qatar . ''
Qatar responded by accusing Cornerstone of being `` affiliated '' with the countries involved in the current blockade .
The Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy , which in a statement , told the BBC : `` The intention to create doubt regarding the tournament , while attempting to cause resentment amongst Qatari citizens and anxiety amongst foreign businesses and residents , is as transparent as it is laughable .
`` Despite the ambitious title of this report , there is absolutely no risk to the future of the first World Cup in the Middle East . ''
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April .
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April . RSPCA
MARCELLO , the cat who was hurled over a fence in a distressing video that went viral in April , is all healed up and ready for a loving forever home .
RSPCA shared a photo of the moggy , now up for adoption , who was the subject of a horrific video showing a former Mackay man and their friends laughing as the cat smashes into the exterior brick wall of the neighbouring house .
`` With the help of the public the offender was identified and has now been prosecuted , '' the RSPCA said .
While in care , Marcello visited the vet 27 times over two months , and they were treated for three bouts of stress-induced cat flu .
The third relapse included a consequent severe eye infection . After initial treatment efforts were unsuccessful , surgery was required to remove their infected eye .
Now , the RSPCA says , Marcello is ready to move on with their life .
`` He 's only just over one year old and he 's looking for a quieter home where they can build their trust in the world again . With a little reassurance and time their bright and happy personality will shine through , '' their social media adoption ad reads .
`` Marcello is in foster care near RSPCA Brisbane , Wacol . Email adoptfromfoster @ rspcaqld.org.au to meet him . ''
Sickening footage emerged in April of a man dressed in high-vis tradesmen gear picking up a black cat and throwing it over a fence in Ipswich .
The man and their two friends can be seen covering their mouths to stifle their laughter .
Samual Conroy , 19 , pleaded guilty in Ipswich Magistrates Court in May to animal cruelty , and publicly apologised for their behaviour .
The 19-year-old former Mackay man told the Daily Mercury in April they were `` incredibly sorry '' and `` extremely regretful '' about what he 'd done .
`` There 's no going away from it , I am the one that did it in the video , '' they said .
`` There 's nothing to lie about and nothing to hide , it 's just a stupid act I did . ''
Conroy was ordered to pay $ 1100 , banned from owning a pet for five years , and sentenced to 12 months ' probation and 120 hours community service .
Score a Samsung Galaxy tablet when you sign up for a 12-month Daily Mercury digital subscription .
Not only will you get a Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 tablet , but you 'll get 12 months unlimited digital access to every story online and 12 months digital access to The Courier Mail+
Head to www.dailymercury.com.au/tablet or phone 1300 361 604 . Hurry , limited offer .
In Welch 's July 28 email , obtained by the Herald/Times , they noted that highway patrol officers recently got 5 percent raises , thanks to the Legislature and Gov . Rick Scott , `` which has also increased your overtime rate . '' North Florida troopers are writing an average of 1.3 tickets per hour in the SOAR program . Welch said that that 's not good enough , `` so we have a goal to reach . ''
In Miami-Dade , troopers who met ticket-writing goals for March were given a weekend off with pay in an April memo .
`` Sergeants , please get with these members and schedule their weekend pass , '' the memo said .
That 's illegal , too , Smith said .
Thomas said FHP checked out the memo and found no wrongdoing , `` but they withdrew that practice , '' they said .
Most people reading this article know what it is like to have the blue and red lights pop up in your rearview mirror . The last thing going through your mind at this point is the feeling of 'being protected . ' This feeling comes from the fact that the overwhelming majority of the time a driver sees police lights in their mirror is because they have been targeted for revenue collection , and they are about to be given a ticket.Police , we are told , are here to keep us safe and protect us from the bad guys . However , public safety all too often takes a back seat to revenue collection . Time and time again , the Free Thought Project has exposed quota schemes in which officers were punished for not writing enough tickets.The most recent ticket writing scheme to be exposed comes out of Tallahassee , Florida , in which a top Florida Highway Patrol official was caught demanding their troopers write two tickets every single hour.But fret not people of Tallahassee , after Maj. Mark Welch of Troop H in Tallahassee was exposed for demandingthe major put everyone 's minds at ease by explaining that their quota was not a quota . `` This is not a quota ; it is what we are asking you to do to support this important initiative , '' Welch noted in an attempt to white wash the fact that they are de facto forcing a quota.As the Miami Herald noted , that initiative is SOAR , or the Statewide Overtime Action Response program , paid for by taxpayers . State troopers , who are among the lowest-paid in the country , can make extra money working high-traffic areas , such as I-10 . Part of the job is to deter speeders.Not only are cops told that they must target two citizens an hour for revenue collection but the taxpayers are forced to finance their own extortion and harassment.Requiring a minimum number of citations forces conflict and potentially hostile interactions .. This is why systems which demand cops write a certain number of tickets are illegal across the country . However , as this instance illustrates , cops could n't care less about the illegal nature of their quota schemes.Sen Jeff Brandes , R-St. Petersburg is in charge of the FHP 's budget . Brandes told the Miami Herald that Welch has no authority to tell troopers to write more tickets , nor does the FHP have any business doing so . `` That goes against everything the Florida Highway Patrol should be doing , '' said Brandes . `` FHP is about safety . It 's not about meeting quotas . `` Naturally , however , in spite of the Major employing a de facto quota , other top cops are coming to their defense . `` It 's like a want , '' Lt. Col. Mike Thomas , a three-decade veteran of the patrol said . `` We 're just trying to promote our guys getting out , making the stops , having contact with the public , educating them , and we do have discretion . No one has ever taken discretion away from a patrol officer . `` However , that discretion was discouraged in Welch 's email . The FHP is allowed to write warnings for drivers - instead of issuing a promissory note of extortion . But Welch does n't want that at all . `` The only way to try to alter that behavior is by impacting the motorist with the sanctions surrounding a traffic citation , '' they wrote.Surprisingly , however , William Smith , a veteran highway patrolman and president of the FHP chapter of the Florida Police Benevolent Association , was not so quick to defend Welch.Smith said.As the Miami Herald reports : The total number of people who receive speeding tickets only , is 41,000,000 a year with an average cost of $ 152.00 each . That is 1 in every 5 licensed drivers in the US.The total number of speeding tickets paid each year is $ 6,232,000,000 , which breaks down to around $ 300,000 generated per police officer for speeding alone . Tack on seat belt violations , license plate lights , window tint , rolling stop signs , and expired state-mandated stickers and that number skyrockets.Unfortunately , the police officers who see these quota schemes as a problem are in the minority . And , those caught implementing these systems are almost never held accountable . Luckily , for the citizens of Tallahassee , this quota system was exposed and brought to a halt . However , one can rest assured that in towns across America , similar systems are in place which are separating citizens from their hard earned money as you read this article .
SUWANEE , GA — April 17 , 2017 — Mimaki USA , a leading manufacturer of wide-format inkjet printers and cutters , today announced the availability of the TX300P-1800B direct-to-textile printer featuring an advanced belt transport system to ensure stable feeding of stretchy and thin fabrics .
The 74-inch wide TX300P-1800B direct-to-fabric textile printer includes many features found in high-end direct-print models . It was designed specifically for direct-to-textile applications and is suitable for users creating samples or short-run pieces . It includes new print heads with a high gap setting that maintain accurate ink droplet placement and enable printing on thick or thin textiles , dimensionally unstable fabrics , woven patterns or raised fiber surfaces . Mimaki original inks are specifically designed for exceptional color reproduction onto natural or synthetic fibers for producing fashion textiles , performance sportswear , interior décor , flags , banners , and more .
Advanced belt transport system
This model utilizes an advanced textile feeding and conveyance mechanism – including rear tension bars as well as a sticky belt that ensures stable and high quality textile printing and transportation . Delivering the highest quality direct-to-fabric printing , the TX300P-1800B printer uses an embedded belt washing mechanism and belt feed compensation to clean the belt and stabilize the image quality .
High gap printhead
The TX300P-1800B printer includes new print heads that enable printing directly on various types of textiles . The high gap setting gives users the ability to print on thin and thick textiles , plus woven patterns or raised fiber surfaces , while maintaining accurate ink droplet placement .
Five ink types for printing to natural and synthetic fibers
Mimaki original textile inks are optimized for the TX300P-1800B printer . These purpose-developed Mimaki textile products provide an industry leading solution delivering consistency and reliability essential for the production of the highest quality direct-to-fabric products . Sb420 ( direct-to-fabric dye sublimation ) , Ac400 ( acid dye ) , Rc400 ( reactive dye ) , Tp400 ( textile pigment ) , Dd400 ( disperse dye ) are all Mimaki original textile inks designed to suit specific fabric characteristics ensuring exceptional color reproduction on either natural or synthetic fibers for producing fashion textiles , performance sportswear , interior décor , flags , banners , and more . Dye sublimation , textile pigment , reactive dye , and acid dye inks are available at the time of the machine release . Disperse dye inks are planned for future release .
Dual ink capability
The TX300P-1800B printer , along with its sister product the TX300P-1800 ( without belt ) printer will be able to accommodate two different inks in one printer . This dual ink capability gives users the ability to print onto natural materials with textile pigment inks ( Tp400 ) or on polyester materials with sublimation dye inks ( Sb420 ) using only one printer . Since neither Tp400 nor Sb420 inks require a steaming and washing process – resulting in an environmentally friendly production ( less water usage ) – this configuration simplifies the textile production process and is ideal for designers , fabric workshops , education and research institutions , and entrepreneurs . Dual ink capability is expected to be available in the summer of 2017 , for both models .
Mimaki technologies for assured production of high quality prints
Waveform control . Each ink color has its own specific gravity and viscosity . To achieve precise placement of the ink droplets onto the media , Mimaki designed an optimum waveform , enabling the printhead to jet each ink color at the appropriate jetting angle without losing precise ink droplet circularity .
Variable dot printing . Variable ink droplet sizes are precisely placed using three different ink drops sizes . Smaller droplets create smoother gradients and quartertones for high quality reproduction while large droplets produce uniform solids and accommodate for high-speed printing .
Mimaki Advanced Pass System 4 ( MAPS4 ) . This technology prints passes in a gradation-like method by dispensing ink drops between passes . This Mimaki-exclusive imaging technology reduces banding , uneven ink drying and bi-directional stripes , resulting in smoother images with no distinct bands .
NCU ( Nozzle Check Unit ) and NRS ( Nozzle Recovery System ) . These two functions work together to provide continuous or unattended printing and minimize waste by ensuring any clogged nozzles do not reduce the print image quality . The NCU automatically checks for and cleans clogged nozzles before printing . The NRS enables mapping of unrecoverable nozzles , so that printing can continue .
Bulk ink system standard . The TX300P-1800 printer includes the Mimaki Bulk Ink System 3 ( MBIS3 ) that features two-liter ink packs . This system reduces ink costs when compared to ink cartridges used in competitive products , and enables unattended printing , freeing staff to work on other projects . When used in four-color mode , the Uninterrupted Ink Supply System ( UISS ) delivers continuous imaging by automatically switching from an empty ink pack to the full container of the same color .
TxLink3 RIP software for textiles is available as an option . TxLink3 RIP software for textiles offers effective color management , standard profile creation , simple RGB and CMYK color replacement on raster and vector data , and the ability to create colorways .
Availability
The TX300P-1800B printer is available for order now through Mimaki authorized dealers in the Americas . Connect to an authorized dealer by visiting www.mimakiusa.com/mydealer .
Posted April 17 , 2017
Source : Mimaki USA
Wild bees , such as bumblebees , do n't get as much love as honeybees , but they should . They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits , vegetables , and wildflowers , and compared to managed colonies of honeybees , they 're in much greater jeopardy .
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids . What they found is n't pretty .
Neonics , as they 're often called , are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country , including corn , soybeans , and canola . These pesticides are `` systemic '' — they move throughout the growing plants . Traces of them end up in pollen , which bees consume . Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams .
The scientists , based at Royal Holloway University of London , set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens . They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam , and the amount of the pesticide , they say , was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to .
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs , compared to queens that were n't exposed to the pesticide . The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution .
`` Without the queen laying eggs , there is no colony , '' says Nigel Raine , one of the scientists who conducted the experiment . Raine helped start the experiment , but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada .
According to Raine and their colleagues , the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out .
`` To me , based on the data we have , it seems like quite a big impact , '' Raine says .
But they say scientists do n't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild , compared to other perils the bees face , such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food . `` I do n't think we have a really good handle on how important , say , nutrition limitation is — if they ca n't find the right flowers . Or parasite loads . I 'd say [ neonic exposure ] is important and significant , but other factors may be important and significant , too , '' they say .
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides . The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013 , and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent . Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions . They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds .
A zoning application to build apartments on open land in Bayport is under attack from local residents who say the property was long ago protected by covenants dedicated to green space .
The developers of the 394-unit Fairway Manor apartment complex want to expand the development with an application to build 156 more apartments on 21.5 acres of open space near the east side of John Avenue south of Sunrise Highway .
They 're seeking a change of zone on the parcel from a mix of recreation and residential districts to an all-residential district , as well as a modification of deed covenants .
When the original 394 apartments were constructed in 1991 , a covenant stipulated that 22 acres of the total 69.6-acre parcel be placed into the recreation district “ for a nine hole par three golf course ” or as land “ in a semi state of undevelopment for the use of the people in our community , ” according to town documents .
“ A combination of the amendment of the covenants and a change of zone will allow us to develop more of the property , ” said Donald Rettaliata , a Holbrook-based attorney for the application , as well as one of the principal developers . “ It would change from approximately 21 acres of open space now and we would use approximately 8 acres of that property . There would still be 13 acres of open space . ”
Edward Silsbe , president of the Blue Point Community Civic Association , poses for a photo in front of the Fairway Manor development in Bayport Monday , April 17 , 2017 . The development is on the cusp of town approval to construct more than 100 new apartments . Photo Credit : Barry Sloan Edward Silsbe , president of the Blue Point Community Civic Association , poses for a photo in front of the Fairway Manor development in Bayport Monday , April 17 , 2017 . The development is on the cusp of town approval to construct more than 100 new apartments . Photo Credit : Barry Sloan
Blue Point Community Civic Association President Ed Silsbe said they and their civic group have been vocal opponents of the expansion plans , as the developers have submitted and withdrawn different applications for expansion since 1995 in violation of the covenant to preserve the open space .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Silsbe said under the current zoning , the land 's limit for development has been met . “ The land has already contributed everything it can , ” they said .
Rettaliata said that demand for more housing is increasing , and the expansion wo n't have harmful impacts on the community .
“ Changes in the covenants in the town of Islip are not rare things — they happen all the time . We 've demonstrated that there wo n't be any appreciable increase in traffic . The sewage treatment plant has to be expanded internally , but the building itself does n't . There will be more affordable housing and there 's a need for it , ” they said .
Silsbe , however , said that the current zoning is in place to prevent the kind of overdevelopment that the expansion could bring .
“ [ My hope is ] the board backs up from the point of approving this thing , reads the history and understands the only reason Fairway Manor exists in the first place is because of the open space , ” they said . “ The developer is saying they got nothing out of saving this land — but it would not exist without this land . ”
The Islip planning board reserved decision on the application at a March 2 public hearing .
“ The Planning Board had some questions for the applicant at the March 2 , 2017 hearing , and Planning is waiting for the response from the applicant before bringing it back before that Board , ” said town spokesperson Caroline Smith in an email .
The town 's planning department has recommended approval , they said .
Climate Caucus Successfully Courts More Congressional Republicans
For years , a grassroots group has been lobbying Congress to do something on climate change . Suddenly , since Trump took office , they 're winning over a growing number of House Republicans .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday unfurled the national flag at the Red Fort to mark India ` s 70th Independence Day .
Modi , who reached the 17th century monument to give their customary Independence Day speech , was received by Defence Minister Arun Jaitley , Minister of State for Defence Subhash Bhamre and Defence Secretary Sanjay Mitra .
The PM also received a Guard of Honour from a contingent of the Army , Navy , Air Force and Delhi Police .
The Prime Minister then unfurled the national flag amid a 21 gun salute and addressed the nation touching a host of issues .
WATCH PM Modi 's full speech here .
U.S. Sen . Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is an obstructionist , an enabler of Trumpism and , remarkably , a poet .
During the heated debate over the confirmation of Sen. Jeff Sessions as attorney general earlier this month , McConnell invoked a seldom-used rule to tell Sen. Elizabeth Warren to sit down and shut up .
On the floor of the Senate , the majority leader told another U.S. senator to sit down and shut up .
A man from Kentucky told a woman from Massachusetts to sit down and shut up .
And then , the male-dominated Senate voted to support McConnell 's invocation , silencing Warren and prohibiting their participation in the debate .
Thus was born a rallying cry .
“ She was warned . They were given an explanation . Nevertheless , they persisted . ”
The 11 words , uttered with contempt , were meant to suggest that Warren had brought such disrespectful treatment upon herself . She 'd deserved what they had gotten . She 'd earned the rebuke in the genteel Senate for their untoward actions .
And then the world exploded — or at least 51 percent of it .
Warren read a letter the late Coretta Scott King , wife of Martin Luther King Jr. , had written to oppose Sessions when they were nominated for a federal judgeship in 1986 .
The letter was a stinging rebuke from a civil rights leader who , through the repurposing of the letter , spoke from the grave to oppose the elevation of a man unsuited to be attorney general .
“ Mr . Sessions has used the awesome power of their office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens , ” King wrote in opposition to then-prosecutor Sessions ' judicial nomination .
McConnell accused Warren of impugning the character of a fellow senator and then denied them the opportunity to further participate in the debate .
In their abuse of the Senate rules , McConnell made a tactical and strategic error . First , they elevated a late-night speech over a nomination that could not be stopped to monumental proportions . Word of their actions traveled around the world , and King 's letter — later read on the same Senate floor by men — received new attention .
Had they allowed Warren to finish , their speech would have been less than a footnote in the fight against President Trump 's cabinet nominee .
Instead , McConnell embarrassed himself , the Senate and their Republican colleagues who voted to silence one of their colleagues .
But far beyond the impact on the debate itself , which created pain for Trump and Sessions but did not jeopardize Sessions ' nomination , McConnell reminded women — all women — of the jerk at work who talks over them , who interrupts , who disregards their ideas , who takes credit for their work .
They reminded the world of the many , many women in history who were warned and who nevertheless persisted . Women like Rosa Parks , Harriet Tubman , Edie Windsor and so many others .
“ Nevertheless , they persisted. ” The words should have come from the lips of a suffragette or a Freedom Rider , from a historian or a poet , from a mother to their daughter . Not as a slur from the mouth of an old , white misogynist .
Last week , my 13-year-old daughter and I were talking about school . If you 've got teenage kids , you know that getting any useful information can be a challenge . But that night , Addie was talkative .
They told me about a boy with whom she 's often paired for projects . The boy , a smart kid , has earned the reputation of being a leader , a take-charge type .
“ Dad , ” they told me , “ they call me bossy when I act the same way . ”
Nevertheless , they persisted .
“ He likes to talk about how smart they are and says he 's smarter than I am , ” they told me later , in a different conversation . “ He wants everyone to know that he 's the smartest . And they try to put me down . ”
Nevertheless , they persisted .
“ But I do n't really care what they say , ” they concluded . “ I 'm strong enough to know that I 'm smart — smarter than him , anyway — and I do n't need to prove it to them or anyone else . ”
They persisted .
It 's just kids , sure . But it is the treatment women endure from the time they 're little girls through the time they serve in the United States Senate .
The day after Trump was inaugurated , millions of people rallied , including an estimated 20,000 in Portland and Augusta alone , as part of the Women 's March . They marched for peace , for health care , for women 's rights , to show their outrage .
They stormed the airports when the president took aim at immigrants and tried to ban Muslims from entering the country .
And on Saturday , they marched once again , this time for Planned Parenthood .
This president — empowered by their acolytes in the U.S. House and Senate — is trying to unwind the world with attacks on minorities , women , immigrants and anyone who is different .
Nevertheless , they will persist .
McConnell , with their wrongheaded sit-down-and-shut-up moment , put words to a movement that will be their undoing and the undoing of their president .
Here 's your chance to escape the cold winter weather of Pittsburgh and win a Spring Training Flyaway to Arizona for some baseball and a Country Doubleheader , sponsored locally by Allegheny Arms !
Listne to Y108 each weekday ( Feb. 5-9 ) at :08 after each hour , from 6:08am to 7:08pm , to qualify .
Then , Maria D'Antonio will announce the grand prize winner on Saturday morning ( Feb. 10 ) at 9am .
Trip includes :
Roundtrip airfare for two ( 2 ) to Phoenix on March 2-4 , 2018
Two ( 2 ) nights hotel at Talking Stick Resort in Scottsdale on March 2-4 , 2018
Two ( 2 ) tickets to see Dustin Lynch on March 2 , 2018
Two ( 2 ) tickets to see Old Dominion on March 3 , 2018
A Spring Training experience for two ( 2 )
And more…
Pick up new music from Dustin Lynch , Current Mood , wherever music is sold .
Pick up new music from Old Dominion , Happy Endings , wherever music is sold .
Must be 21 or older to win . Guest must be 21 or older .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A huge flag captured from a French battleship by Admiral Lord Nelson is set to go on display for the first time in more than 100 years .
The ensign of Le Genereux , which is roughly the size of a tennis court , was taken by Nelson and their men in 1800 and is believed to be one of the earliest Tricolours in existence .
Volunteers are currently carrying out painstaking conservation works prior to it being unveiled to the public .
The 217-year-old flag is a remarkable survivor from the days of sea battles when national flags played a vital role in naval engagement so warring ships could identify who was the enemy through cannon smoke and the chaos of battle .
Le Genereux was one of only two ships to escape the British attack at the Battle of the Nile in August 1798 - the battle that sealed Nelson 's reputation as England 's hero .
( Photo : NorfolkCountyCouncilLibrary/BNPS )
( Photo : NorfolkMuseumService/BNPS )
The British caught up with warship in February 1800 , the Battle of the Malta Convoy .
On the morning of February 18 , the English fleet chased the French squadron and Le Genereux covered allowing three French ships to escape before surrendering .
It is believed it could be the oldest surviving Tricolour , as it is thought it was present on the ship at the Battle of the Nile in 1798 .
( Photo : NorfolkMuseumService/BNPS )
Nelson 's trusted flag captain Sir Edward Berry gifted the flag to the City of Norwich after its capture and it was on display at St Andrew 's Hall in the city in the late 1800s .
It was last on display at Norwich Castle in 1905 for the Battle of Trafalgar centenary , but due to its huge size and fragile nature , it has been kept in storage ever since .
It will form the centrepiece of an exhibition exploring Nelson 's relationship with their home county of Norfolk this summer and conservationists had to find a space big enough to unroll it and carry out checks and cleaning , which was done at its previous home St Andrew 's Hall .
( Photo : NorfolkMuseumService/BNPS )
Ruth Battersby-Tooke , curator of Costume and Textiles at Norwich Castle , said : `` The Ensign is remarkable for its survival in such a complete state , given its age and inherent fragility .
`` It is emblematic of Norfolk Museums Service 's Nelson collections , the oldest French Ensign in the UK and the one with the most stirring and thrilling history .
`` When we conceived the exhibition we were determined to find a way of putting the flag on display . This has not been without its challenges , not the least finding a space large enough to unroll the flag to condition check it and begin the conservation process .
( Photo : NorfolkMuseumService/BNPS )
`` It was incredibly moving to be able to unroll the Ensign in the space where it had been on display until 1897 . ''
The flag , which measures 52ft by 27ft , will be on display at Norwich Castle Museum and Art Gallery from July 29 to October 1 .
Norfolk Museums Service and the Costume and Textile Association are raising funds for the full conservation and permanent display of the ensign as part of a Nelson gallery , with the work likely to cost about £40,000 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump 's draconian stance on immigration has been causing chaos and upset both constitutionally , and on a personal level for those affected .
US Homeland Security is well-known for its rigorousness , and with tensions running high in the States , many travellers are preparing themselves for a bumpy ride .
On a recent trip to New York , Australian software engineer David Thornton duly braced themselves for some cross-examination .
What they were not expecting was the bizarre turn their interview took .
Having been studying in Europe , David , 24 , was on their way back home via a holiday in the US .
Things had already been strained in the immigration queue at Newark airport , with one man admitting he 'd previously been refused entry to the United States .
David explained , `` It was taking longer than usual , but I expected that . When I rocked up and it was my turn to talk to the Customs and Border Protection officer they asked all the regular questions . It was nothing out of the ordinary . ''
Speaking to news.com.au , David went on to say how the questioning was , initially , exactly what you 'd expect .
They were asked what the purpose of their trip was , whether he 'd visited the US before and how long they intended to stay for .
Then , just as they thought they were about to be allowed through , they were asked what they did for a living , and explained that they were a software engineer .
`` He asked if I knew Python code , and I said yes . It 's a programming language , like C or Java , and it 's pretty standard , '' Thornton said .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Trump hints at new order as they talk America 's security Share this video Watch Next
Then came the follow-up question .
`` ' I 've got a problem , I 'm trying to write a computer program , can you help me ? ' ''
David was understandably taken aback and unsure of what to think .
`` He started to read off their computer , and I got the feeling they were trying to trick me . I just wanted to get into the US , so I said : 'Of course ' . ''
There was , according to David , no chance the conversation would have been overheard by anyone else in line , and they were forced to answer all the questions to what was a `` literal computer science test . ''
`` It was n't a savant-level one like you hear of at Google , but it was definitely a test .
( Photo : AFP )
`` The vibe I got was weird . They asked me a question , then asked me a follow-up question to prove I was n't lying . ''
Several of David 's American friends were themselves very surprised at the line of questioning they faced .
And their advice to anyone else planning on visiting the US ?
`` What would I say about my experience ? Just make sure you study up before you enter the United States ! ''
Nearly 9,000 mainly African migrants were rescued in the Mediterranean this past long weekend after being put by smugglers in Libya onto unseaworthy boats heading toward Italy , UN aid agencies said on Tuesday .
The migrants , many from Nigeria and Senegal with some from Bangladesh , are among an estimated 20,000 held by criminal gangs in irregular detention centres in Libya , the International Organisation for Migration ( IOM ) said .
On release , they pay to board the overcrowded boats , often just inflated rubber vessels that could not cross the Mediterranean , in the hope of starting a new life in Europe .
“ It is obvious that better spring weather has encouraged smugglers to take people from their detention centres , ” IOM spokesperson Leonard Doyle told a news briefing in Geneva .
“ The smugglers have clearly taken them to sea and pushed them out in the hope and belief that they would be rescued . ”
More than 35 vessels , including private charity boats , the European Union border agency Frontex , the Italian and Libyan coast guards and 12 merchant ships were involved in rescuing dozens of vessels , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) said .
“ This was an overwhelming search and rescue activity by all sides involved , ” UNHCR spokesperson Babar Baloch said .
“ We repeat our calls on Europe , on the governments , to be out there saving lives . NGOs have been a great help in terms of filling up that vacuum , ” they added .
At least 900 migrants have died or have gone missing while attempting to reach Europe by sea so far this year , including 97 missing in the latest incidents between Thursday and Sunday , during which time 18 bodies were also found , Doyle said .
Some 36,000 migrants have been rescued , against 24,000 at this time last year , they said .
IOM reported earlier this month that growing numbers of African migrants passing through Libya are traded in what they call “ slave markets ” before being held for ransom , forced labour or sexual exploitation .
“ So there 's a full-on economy of trafficking or trading in migrants who think they are going to a better life in Europe and end up effectively in a gulag of exploitation , ” Doyle said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rising oil costs are expected to push up petrol pump prices for another three months .
Drivers already pay 4p more for unleaded and 5p extra for diesel than in October .
That 's an average rise of 1.34p a month to 122.24p a litre for petrol and 1.56p to 125p for diesel .
The RAC 's Simon Williams said : “ Motorists have had to endure their third consecutive monthly increase at the pumps .
“ Both petrol and diesel are at their highest for three years and it 's bound to be denting household budgets . ”
( Image : PA )
The blow comes after the price of oil jumped to $ 70 a barrel for the first time in three years .
And bankers Goldman Sachs predict it will hit $ 80 by July – if the pound goes down it could be worse .
The bank said : “ Higher demand in America and oil OPEC nations slashing output by 1.2 million barrels a day has tipped it over the $ 70 mark . ”
Global Urethane Adhesives Market : Brief Description
Urethane adhesives are referred to as materials which are moisture curing and have a single cure and component when they are unprotected in the presence of moisture either in substrate or in the atmosphere . During the process of the cure , a little amount of carbon dioxide is given out in the atmosphere which further has no effect on the bonding process . Urethane adhesives are elastic and flexible in their cured state . As a result of this , single component moisture curing urethane adhesives are employed where the materials have widely variant thermal coefficients of extension and varying elongation under several loads . These kinds of moisture curing urethane adhesives must be thus attached in a way so that the portion joining the steel to the glass fiber reinforced plastics , and further the aluminum wall and floor plates to the steel supports .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=3693
This industry study is an evaluation of the growth prospects and historical tract of the global urethane adhesive market . It deals with the assessment of the facets that are projected to sway the development of the market both negatively and positively . Further , the key trends have also been specified in the publication . The research study also presents a wide outlook on the seller landscape of the market with reference to Porter 's five forces analysis . The research report deals with the R & D activities , mergers , acquisitions , and particulars on certifications and collaborations . The report reviews the approaches related to shares , publicity , and product range of the key accomplices in the global urethane adhesive market .
Global Urethane Adhesives Market : Trends and Opportunities
The global urethane adhesive market , over the last few years has been witnessing a substantial rise owing to the rapid progress of its end-use industries such as building and construction . The mounting use of urethane adhesives in the applications of housing construction has well established the position of urethane adhesives in the overall adhesives market . These adhesives are known for offering exceptional adhesive properties to several substrates such as concrete , wood , plastic , and glass owing to the elastic and structural properties they acquire . Along with technological advancements in urethane , the prevalence of these properties have widened the scope of application and are thus anticipated to intensify their penetration into the construction segment .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/urethane-adhesives-market.html
The urethane adhesives industry is incessantly focusing on the development of bio-based substitutes due to the environmental damage that urethane adhesives can cause . On the account of these factors , the urethane adhesive market is also expected to exhibit extensive growth in the overall adhesives market owing to the robust growth in end-use industries such as automobiles , construction , and packaging due to innovation in terms of product development . In these sectors , urethane adhesives are used for the purpose of lamination and protection .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
New and disturbing details have been released of the alleged abuse that led to the death of a 10-year-old boy in Lancaster , California.Prosecutors say Anthony Avalos suffered at least five days of sustained torture before their death on June 21 , according to new court papers.Prosecutors add Anthony 's mother , Heather Barron , and their boyfriend , Kareem Leiva are responsible for that torture.The torture included slamming the boy onto the bedroom floor , whipping them with a belt and cord , pouring hot sauce into their mouth and forbidding them to use the bathroom , according to the documents.Eight siblings witnessed and were forced to take part in some of the abuse , which according to the documents included making the other children fight Anthony and forcing the children keep watch `` so Anthony would remain standing or kneeling . `` Sheriff 's deputies were called to Anthony 's home a day before they died at a hospital . Their mother said the boy had fallen down stairs Anthony also had reddened eyes and numerous bruises , cuts and scrapes on their forehead , nose , mouth , cheek , neck , legs , shoulder , hips , back , buttocks , stomach , ankle , legs and foot.Barron and Leiva are behind bars and expected to be arraigned next month.Since 2013 , DCFS reported receiving at least a dozen referrals for possible physical , emotional and sexual abuse of the boy . No such reports had been made in the last two years . Authorities are reviewing the agency 's response to those reports.Authorities said Avalos ' sexuality may have been a motivating factor in their death.If convicted of the charges against her , Barron faces a possible maximum sentence of 22 years to life in state prison . Leiva faces 32 years to life if convicted .
Rahul Gandhi was appointed party vice-president in January 2013 , a move which officially anointed them as the political heir to their mother Sonia Gandhi . Photo : Reuters
New Delhi : Rahul Gandhi has been elected unopposed as Congress president , party 's central election authority head Mullappally Ramachandran announced on Monday .
Rahul Gandhi will collect the certificate formally declaring their ascension to the post on December 16 , they told reporters here . The 47-year-old scion of the Nehru-Gandhi family was the lone candidate in the fray . They are the sixth member of the Nehru-Gandhi family to take over the top post
Rahul Gandhi succeeds their mother Sonia Gandhi , who remained in the post for 19 years . The CEA received a total of 89 nomination papers proposing Rahul Gandhi 's name for the top post .
All the nomination papers were found to be valid , Ramachandran said .
“ Since the withdrawal of date/time is over and as there is only one candidate ( Rahul ) , as per Article XVII ( d ) of the Constitution of Indian National Congress , I hereby declare Shri Rahul Gandhi elected as president of the Indian National Congress , ” Ramachandran said .
Rahul Gandhi became the vice-president of the party in January 2013 .
Oldest Competitor at Special Olympics , 73-year-old Arkansan , Earns Medal Copyright 2018 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Video
SEATTLE , Was . -- At 73 years young , Shebbie Eubanks of Fort Smith carries the label `` oldest competitor '' at this year 's Special Olympics USA Games in Seattle .
Even better : they can now be called the oldest medalist .
Shebbie , a native of Forth Smith , scored a bronze medal Tuesday in the men 's 400-meter walk .
Eubanks is about as active as they come . They participate in bowling , athletics , and basketball . The Special Olympics has allowed them to reach their goals , socialize with their teammates , and stay active .
If their athletic accomplishments were n't enough to impress you , they love anything to do with western and cowboys , painting , drawing , western movies , Elvis , Marilyn Monroe , working , and volunteering .
Shebbie has received many medals throughout their Special Olympics career -- but perhaps none as rewarding as today 's accomplishment .
Xiaomi 's first Android One smartphone Mi A1 has now permanently got a price cut of Rs . 1,000 in India . With the price drop , the smartphone is now available at a price of Rs . 13,999 from its original price of Rs . 14,999 .
Since Xiaomi launched this smartphone in September , Mi A1 has managed to get a fair bit of attention . It is one of the popular phones among the company 's wide range of smartphones . The news about the price cut was announced by Manu Kumar Jain , Xiaomi India 's Managing Director .
They dropped the news via their Twitter handle which read , `` Great news Mi Fans : announcing a permanent price drop of Rs . 1,000 on Mi A1 ! '' Xiaomi Mi A1 with the new price is available on Mi.com and Flipkart as well .
Apart from the price cut , consumers who buy Xiaomi Mi A1 via Flipkart can avail an additional five percent discount using Axis Bank Buzz credit card . The is also no-cost EMI option to purchase the smartphone with monthly installment as Rs . 1,556 . Flipkart is also offering buyback guarantee at Rs . 99 which the e-commerce portal says that it will provide buyers a guaranteed value on exchanging the smartphone for a new purchase on Flipkart in future .
Great news Mi Fans : announcing a permanent price drop of ₹ 1000 on Mi A1 ! 🙌 # MiA1 : picture perfect flagship dual camera phone . Now available for a perfect price of ₹13,999 !
Buy it from https : //t.co/lzFXOcGyGQ and @ Flipkart . pic.twitter.com/PWplnIMC71 — Manu Kumar Jain ( @ manukumarjain ) December 10 , 2017
Talking about the smartphone , Xiaomi Mi A1 ( review ) comes with a 5.5-inch full-HD ( 1080x1920 pixels ) display with Corning Gorilla Glass on top . The smartphone is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor which is paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB internal which is expandable up to 128GB via microSD card .
As for the optics , the handset sports a dual camera setup with two 12-megapixel image sensors where one comprises of a wide-angle lens with f/2.2 aperture and 1.25-micron pixel size . The other one which is a telephoto lens consists of 1-micron pixel size and f/2.6 aperture . Upfront there is a 5-megapixel camera sensor with several modes .
Xiaomi Mi A1 is backed by a 3080mAh battery and it runs on stock Android 7.1.2 Nougat . Meanwhile , the company is trying to recruit beta testers to pilot Android 8.0 Oreo on the smartphone . Interestingly the smartphone comes with audio enhancements including a 10V smart power amplifier , DHS Audio Calibration Algorithm , and support for high impedance headphones .
The dual-SIM handset offers connectivity options like 4G VoLTE , dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11ac , GPS/ A-GPS , USB Type-C , and a 3.5mm headphone jack . Sensors onboard include Compass Magnetometer , Proximity sensor , Accelerometer , Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope . It measures 155.40 x 75.80 x 7.30 ( height x width x thickness ) and weigh 168.00 grams .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A cannabis ingredient is set to be classed as medicine in the UK .
The Medicines & Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) said cannabis-based ingredient cannabidiol - also known as CBD - is an effective medicine in calming people down .
It has been used by patients such as five-year-old Jayla Bostock , who has brain damage and suffers regular seizures .
Mum Louise turned to CBD after reading about studies in the US where it dramatically reduced the number of fits suffered by children .
They have seen their daughter 's hospital visits reduced but also been previously left frustrated by authorities questioning its legality .
They said : `` They try and criminalise it if you even mention cannabis , but when you are dealing with people who are going to die , how can anyone not give it to these people who have no hope ? ''
The MHRA said it had initially looked at CBD because a number of manufacturing companies had been making `` overt medicinal claims '' about products .
( Photo : Daniel Zgombic/Getty )
Gerald Heddel , director of inspection and enforcement at the agency , told Sky News : `` The change really came about with us offering an opinion that CBD is in fact a medicine , and that opinion was based on the fact that we noted that people were making some quite stark claims about serious diseases that could be treated with CBD . ''
Most people in the UK have previously obtained supplies online in an unregulated and potentially unsafe market , but the decision means manufacturers will now need to demonstrate their CBD products meet safety , quality and effectiveness standards .
The Washington Wizards seem to love playing without John Wall . In the three games since Wall went down with a knee injury , Washington has racked up three wins by spreading the ball around to everyone . The rock moves without Wall on the floor and the team has noticed .
Wall 's backcourt-mate Bradley Beal had the following to say after Thursday night 's win over the Toronto Raptors :
“ Everybody eats . That 's our motto when we move the ball . ”
Though Wall is second in the NBA averaging 9.3 assists per game , without them in the last three games , the Wizards have totaled 97 assists . The team-average of 32.3 per game is the best in the NBA during that time . They even racked up 40 assists Saturday night against the Atlanta Hawks in the first game without Wall . That was the best total for the franchise since 1992 .
Before Wall 's injury , the Wizards had been a huge disappointment this season . They 're currently fifth in the Eastern Conference with a 29-22 record but were expected to contend . It 's been a forgettable year so far .
Rumors about a rift between Wall and Beal have swirled for a long time and it might be that the Wizards are just flat out better without Wall around . Chemistry is a real thing , and the team clearly enjoys spreading the ball around , instead of playing exclusively through Wall .
Wall and the Washington Wizards are in a weird place . The team signed the point guard to a massive , $ 207 million extension that will keep them in D.C. through 2023 . Since agreeing to that deal , Wall 's play has fallen off . Their PER this season has dropped to 19.34 from a career-high 23.28 last year . Theirs per game averages in points ( 19.4 ) , assists ( 9.3 ) and rebounds ( 3.6 ) are all down , while their field goal ( 41.7 ) and free throw ( 71.9 ) percentages have dropped significantly .
If the Wizards are better without Wall , they 're going to have real trouble moving him . He 's 27 and when that huge new deal kicks in during the 2019-2020 season , he 'll be making $ 37.8 million in the first year and an insane $ 46.87 million in the fourth at age 31 . No one is going to take on that contract .
Washington may be better without John Wall , but the franchise is stuck with him .
None
( left to right ) Alex Bey , a manager , Phil Santucci , owner of Vince 's Sports Center in Newark , and their son Phil Santucci , Jr. stand inside the family owned fun center that was almost sold to the German grocery store chain Lidl . Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal
Continue reading Mayor Reed honors Bronner Brothers today with Phoenix Award
Photo Highlights : President Obama Chicago Farewell Speech
President Barack Obama makes their final farewell speech in their hometown of Chicago . Arriving at O'hare airport on Airforce One Tuesday , early evening was First Lady Michelle Obama , daughter Malia and Vice President Joe Biden along with wife , Jill Biden . Making a final journey as the 44th President of the United States , expressways and local South Side streets were cleared as traffic stood at a complete when the 20-vehicle caravan made its way to Valois Restaurant in Hyde Park . There , President Obama conducted a one-on-one interview with NBC anchor , Lester Holt before proceeding to give their farewell speech at McCormick Place . Nearly 20,000 attendees packed the nearly standing-room only space in the East wing of the McCormick Place as VIP attendees sat upfront to hang onto the President 's every word . There were various groups that traveled from far and near to be a part of history including celebrity sightings from Sharon Stone to Empire 's Jussie Smollett -- local and state dignitaries . Opening up the ceremony was a special performance by Hip hop/R & B singer , BJ the Chicago Kid showcasing belting out the national anthem is a smart blue suit . Once President Obama hit the stage , the electric energy of emotions ran throughout the audience . At times , the crowd 's applause was so loud that is impossible to hear them but there were moments that silence rippled throughout the venue -- knowing this would be their last time addressing their hometown as Chief of Staff . In their signature style of class , poise and honor -- he addressed the various strides that they and their administration has made over the last eight years in protecting America 's democracy . Their emotions got the best of them when they addressed their wife , First Lady Michelle Obama and daughter Malia who sat in the front row along with Vice President Joe Biden , wife Jill and their mother-in-law -- Marian Shields Robinson . “ Malia and Sasha , under the strangest of circumstances , you have become two amazing young women , smart and beautiful , but more importantly , kind and thoughtful and full of passion . You wore the burden of years in the spotlight so easily . Of all that I 've done in my life , I 'm most proud to be your dad. ” After the speech , the Obama family took time out to walk along the barricades , greeting and shaking hands with supporters and friends . The scene was definitely historic and we knew it was the end of an era of class that will not be duplicated in the White House for a very long time . Follow Mary L. Datcher on Twitter
Headlines : 9 kg gold seized on Mumbai airport
CRPF seized 9 kg gold on Mumbai airport . Watch to know more .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A troubled teenager who claimed they were 'fobbed off by their doctor ' after being told their mental health issues 'were n't bad enough ' has been found dead .
Rory McKelvie bravely shared their battle on social media in the weeks leading up to their death , and told how someone had stopped them from committing suicide in November .
But just weeks after they urged those suffering to talk to friends and loved ones , they passed away in their sleep , according to their devastated mum .
Rory had previously said they received little support from doctors – and was told to come back when they felt they were “ at breaking point ” , reports the Daily Record .
The teenager was found dead at an address in their hometown of Biggar , Lanarkshire , last weekend . Their death is not being treated as suspicious .
Their mum Sharryn shared the devastating news online , writing : “ Our beautiful 19-year-old boy Rory passed away in their sleep today . RIP bonny lad . ”
Rory had also told how someone had stopped them from committing suicide in November .
( Image : Facebook )
They said : “ I was lucky that someone stopped me from committing suicide and the only reason I 'm sharing this is because there is always another way no matter what . So please , please talk before doing something stupid . ”
The teen previously opened up about their struggles on World Mental Health Day , October 10 , and told how they were fobbed off by their doctor because they are n't “ bad enough yet ” .
In a powerful Twitter post , they wrote : “ After explaining to my doctor ( who knows I already have a pre-existing issue ) I was told there are a lot of people worse than me and that I probably would n't be dealt with and that I was n't bad enough yet and that I 'm going to have to find another way to get help for my issues .
“ Basically told me that I need to wait until a get closer to breaking point and then come back .
“ The reason I 'm sharing something that is personal to me , is I ca n't stress how different things could 've panned out for myself if I did n't talk and I want to make sure that people know help is there , even though for me I tried and nobody helped .
“ So anyone out there who is currently feeling not right , talk to your pals , your family or even f * * * * * * me , because those are the people who will pull you out that dark place . ”
Tributes have poured in for the popular teen , including from Rory 's heartbroken girlfriend Caitlin Brigham , who said : “ My amazing boyfriend got their angel wings this morning . ”
Mirror Online has contacted NHS Lanarkshire for comment .
If you need someone to talk to , Samaritans ( 116 123 ) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year .
If you prefer to write down how you 're feeling , or if you 're worried about being overheard on the phone , you can email Samaritans at jo @ samaritans.org .
Strippers Protest New Orleans Police
New Orleans strip club workers marched this week on Bourbon Street to protest police shutting down some of the clubs . Officials say the operation was intended to root out human trafficking .
SCOTT SIMON , HOST :
Bourbon Street in New Orleans is a tourist destination that 's long been known for live music bars and , yes , strip clubs . But this year , with Mardi Gras just a few weeks away , many of those clubs have temporarily closed after police say they found evidence of human trafficking . Jess Clark of member station WWNO reports from Bourbon Street , where strippers march this week to protest the police crackdown .
UNIDENTIFIED PROTESTERS : ( Chanting ) Let us dance . Let us dance . Let us dance .
JESS CLARK , BYLINE : Lit by the neon lights of Bourbon Street signs , a stripper who goes by the stage name AZ blows into a rhinestone-covered whistle and leads the crowd in the chant of the night - let us dance .
AZ : You think I 'm being trafficked . You think I have a pimp . You think I do n't have a voice for myself . But I can speak up . I am a woman . This is my body . And I feel fine about it .
CLARK : AZ is among hundreds of strip club workers who have been out of work since police raided eight clubs in the tourist-heavy French Quarter and suspended their liquor licenses , effectively shutting them down . Many workers say they 've dug into savings to make ends meet or are traveling out of state to strip . And some strippers deny that human trafficking happens in their clubs . New Orleans Police Superintendent Michael Harrison says that 's just not true .
MICHAEL HARRISON : They may be a part of it . They may not be a part of it . Or they may not even be aware . But there are many cases that are happening inside the clubs .
CLARK : Harrison says an undercover investigation turned up evidence of several trafficking cases , along with dozens of illegal drug and prostitution cases .
HARRISON : We 're following the complaints of other citizens , other legitimate businesses who are hurt by this and other people who agree that human trafficking and prostitution and drug sales erode the fabric of society and erode the fabric of people 's quality of life who live and work and visit there .
CLARK : The police say they 're trying to protect the women who work in these clubs , but it 's safe to say their tactics are n't giving club workers a sense of security . Some strippers have complained to the press that police officers mistreated them during the raids , verbally abusing them , watching them change or calling out their legal names in front of customers - a big no-no in the industry . Strip club manager Leatrice Jarvis was at the march . They say the raids only made workers less likely to seek police help .
LEATRICE JARVIS : They 're supposed to protect us . And right now they feel like more of an enemy . Like , I 'm more afraid of them than I am to walk on the street .
HANNI STOKLOSA : You can not arrest . You can not prosecute . You can not rescue and raid your way out of trafficking .
CLARK : Hanni Stoklosa is co-founder of HEAL , a national group that seeks to end trafficking and support survivors . Stoklosa says trafficking needs to be seen not as a crime issue but as a public health issue , with more resources going to address the root causes that leave people vulnerable to trafficking - things like poverty , mental health issues , domestic violence and addiction .
STOKLOSA : That 's a lot to tackle . But if we 're not thinking upstream , we 're only just , like , trying to put our finger in a dam , really .
CLARK : Police Chief Harrison says their job is to enforce the laws on the books and that the clubs were breaking them . And they say they expect to make several trafficking arrests soon .
UNIDENTIFIED PROTESTERS : ( Chanting ) Let us dance . Let us dance . Let us dance .
CLARK : Meanwhile , strip club workers are waiting for the clubs to serve out their suspensions . They say they 're ready to get back to work . For NPR News , I 'm Jess Clark in New Orleans .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Even if we tried it would be ­almost impossible to avoid ­artificial sweeteners .
They 're in everything – diet drinks , ­breakfast cereals , ready meals , soups , even ketchup .
Oh well , you say , it 's better than eating all that sugar . Well maybe , maybe not .
Sweeteners could , for instance , increase the risk of getting Type 2 diabetes because consuming lots of them changes the way the body handles sugar .
Scientists found that people who consumed lots of artificial sweeteners for two weeks – the equivalent to drinking five cans of diet drink a day – lost their ability to control glucose absorption .
Over time , this could lead to the development of Type 2 diabetes .
The Australian research team , led by Professor Richard Young of the ­University of Adelaide , tracked 27 healthy volunteers who were given one of two sweeteners or a placebo .
They took capsules three times a day before meals over the two-week study period , in the same amount , in 1.5 litres of diet drink .
After two weeks , subjects had tests for glucose response , blood sugar , levels of insulin and gut enzymes .
In those taking sweeteners , glucose absorption and blood sugar levels were higher , while their gut enzymes , which control the rise in blood glucose after meals , were reduced .
None of these measures were altered in the subjects who received a placebo .
The researchers concluded that artificial sweeteners hamper the body 's control of blood sugar levels , predisposing them to Type 2 diabetes .
Dr Ines Cebola of Imperial College London said : “ This study addresses a very important global human health issue as artificial sweeteners are food additives commonly used not only by patients with diabetes , but also by healthy individuals aiming to manage their sugar intake .
“ Even though the study is limited in power by the reduced number of ­individuals , it is quite striking to observe marked differences in glucose response in individuals taking the ­artificial sweetener supplementation for only two weeks .
“ It would be interesting to further investigate the underlying ­mechanisms of these observations . ”
However , other British experts said the results were not definitive .
Emma Elvin , clinical adviser at Diabetes UK , said : “ This is a small study with interesting results , but it does n't provide strong evidence that artificial sweeteners increase the risk of Type two diabetes . Consuming lots of sugary foods and drinks is very damaging to overall health and can increase risk of Type 2 diabetes .
“ We would advise people to reduce their intakes of sugar , and artificial sweeteners could be an option to help some people achieve this . ”
HATTIESBURG , Miss . ( AP ) — Dominic Magee scored 27 points , Tyree Griffin added a career-high 23 with five assists , and Southern Miss beat Troy 89-71 on Sunday after winning the turnover battle for the ninth time this season .
Troy 's Wesley Person scored 20 points with four 3-pointers to become the first player in school history to make 300 career 3-pointers .
Cortez Edwards scored 16 points and the Golden Eagles ( 5-4 ) made 13 3-pointers and scored 22 points off of 13 Troy turnovers while committing just seven turnovers . Southern Miss ranks third in the nation behind Hofstra and LSU for fewest turnovers per game ( 7.3 ) .
Alex Hicks hit a jumper and two free throws and Troy closed within 48-39 early in the second half , but Edwards ' jumper sparked a 14-0 run capped by Griffin 's 3 and Southern Miss coasted from there . The Golden Eagles led by 25 on free throws by Magee with 9:41 left and shot 65.4 percent from the floor in the half . Person made three 3s in the final 7:10 , but Troy trailed by double digits the rest of the way .
Hicks added 13 points and Juan Davis Jr. 10 for Troy ( 5-5 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Matt Cardle has issued a stark warning to fellow Tramadol addict Ant McPartlin , if they want to recover from their recent troubles .
According to Matt , who turned to prescription drugs after losing their record contract , Ant 's best hope of overcoming their demons is to give up their glittering TV career .
Ant already pulled out of the last two episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway and announced they would n't be appearing in the live Britain 's Got Talent finals this year while they seek treatment in rehab .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Getty Images ) )
In an interview with the Daily Star , Matt advised Ant needs to continue putting themselves above their showbiz commitments .
`` The last thing Ant needs to worry about is their career or getting back to work . I know there 's pressure to get back on TV because of how good Ant and Dec are as presenters .
“ But they need to focus on their health and forget about their career because that 's the only way they will get better , '' said the former X Factor winner .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
After triumphing on the X Factor in 2010 , Matt endured a very public downfall that led a dependency on prescription drugs , which they later said took four years to recover from .
`` I went away fishing and basically did n't pick up my phone for three months after rehab , '' said Matt .
While the singer did n't defend Ant 's recent drink-driving charge , they said Ant should n't feel guilty about their struggle with alcoholism .
`` Addiction is such a slippery snake and it can get hold of you so easily , '' they warned .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Earlier this month Ant was slapped with a £86,000 fine after they were found twice over the legal limit after emerging from the wreckage of their car following a three-vehicle smash .
Following Ant 's conviction at Wimbledon Magistrates Court , they have headed back to rehab to confront their demons .
A spokesperson for the Saturday Night Takeaway star confirmed to Mirror Online that Ant was back in rehab and focusing on their health .
They added : `` There will be no further comment about this story now , and we ask media to finally move on and let Ant get on with their treatment . ''
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we 're following for today . 5/29/18 Wochit
Buy Photo New Castle County Council President Karen Hartley-Nagle presides over a recent council meeting . ( Photo : XERXES WILSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL ) Buy Photo
For at least the third time in a year , New Castle County Council will pay an outside investigator to evaluate claims of workplace harassment in the council offices .
The new allegations have been made against Councilman George Smiley by Council President Karen Hartley-Nagle , whose aide settled claims they were harassed by the council president last year in a saga that cost taxpayers some $ 170,000 .
This time , it is Hartley-Nagle claiming Smiley has engaged in a `` pattern of abuse and harassment . '' In an interview , they declined to describe specific instances because of the pending investigation .
`` Mr. Smiley 's harassment , menacing and bullying behavior is unacceptable , '' Hartley-Nagle said . `` This is a serious problem that is long overdue to be addressed . ''
Smiley , who once told Hartley-Nagle during a council meeting that they had `` zero credibility , '' said the claims are bogus .
`` The problem is they have no idea what harassment is , '' Smiley said .
Buy Photo New Castle County Councilman George Smile speaks on the resolution for Council President Karen Hartley-Nagle to resign during a meeting of the council last year . ( Photo : Jerry Habraken , The News Journal )
During a meeting of the council 's Personnel Subcommittee last week , Councilwoman Janet Kilpatrick , who chairs the committee , said Hartley-Nagle had reported that they `` does not want to be followed , bullied , intimidated or harassed by Councilman Smiley '' and `` she is afraid of them and that they are mentally unstable . ''
Kilpatrick added Hartley-Nagle had communicated that a recent incident brought `` his harassment to a new level . That interaction sparked the effort to hire an outside attorney , Kilpatrick said .
Precisely what happened is unclear . Hartley-Nagle declined to go into detail . Smiley gave their side but did not elaborate on the precise allegation against him .
They said they were sitting in their office when they learned that Hartley-Nagle was alone with Council Clerk Nellie Hill inside Hill 's office . Last year , council mandated no employee meet alone with Hartley-Nagle as part of the fallout from their aide 's harassment complaint .
Smiley said they walked near the office and stood outside . When another person entered , the voices escalated enough to `` give me concern , '' they said .
So they leaned in the doorway of the office , setting Hartley-Nagle off , they said .
They asked what they were doing , they told them they were `` concerned for the welfare of staff '' and they threatened a harassment complaint , Smiley said . They said that they backed out of the doorway to allow them to exit .
`` There was no contact , no argument , there was no verbal exchange of excited utterances or anything else , '' Smiley said .
Council briefly discussed the issue during the Personnel Subcommittee meeting last week and Councilman John Cartier moved to hire an outside investigator to evaluate Hartley-Nagle 's claims . Council members Kilpatrick , Timothy Sheldon , David Tackett , John Cartier , Lisa Diller , Bill Powers and Hartley-Nagle voted in favor of the motion .
Smiley did not vote and the rest of council voted against it .
At the meeting , Hartley-Nagle said she 's just looking for a guarantee Smiley will leave them alone when they are outside public meetings .
`` We do n't need to spend money on a complaint , '' Hartley-Nagle said . `` We can solve this really quickly . ''
Buy Photo New Castle County Council member Janet Kilpatrick ( Photo : DANIEL SATO/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
Kilpatrick said once a complaint is verbalized to them or council officials , they must take some action . Hartley-Nagle then accused council officials of ignoring previous issues they have raised , a claim Counsel to Council Mike Migliore disputed .
Smiley suggested a wager of sorts .
They said if the claims are found to be unfounded , they should come from Hartley-Nagle 's council account , which is taxpayer money used for office supplies and community grants . If they are judged to have merit , they said the cost should come from theirs kitty .
Council did not take action on their suggestion .
`` Do not let concern for my reputation prompt you to spend taxpayer money on unfounded allegations , '' Smiley said . `` You want to do it because you find merit in the allegation . Do n't be using me to spend the money . ''
Some council members said hiring an outside investigator would be pointless because they believe anti-harassment provisions within council rules do not cover conduct between elected officials .
`` Here is the harsh reality : I 've seen council members nose to nose and toes to toes talking about fighting , '' Councilman Jea Street said . `` Nobody invoked the rules , regulations and policies that were clearly written for staff . ''
Migliore , the council 's lawyer , called the council member conflict `` uncharted territory '' and suggested the safest route would be to hire outside attorneys .
The process is not new . Council has paid out at least $ 170,000 on the investigation and settlement of inner-office tension since 2017 .
Buy Photo New Castle County Council President Karen Hartley-Nagle watches presides of council with their former aide , Kate Maxwell , to the right . ( Photo : XERXES WILSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
The bulk of that was spent on harassment claims made by Kate Maxwell , Hartley-Nagle 's former aide and daughter of former County Chief Administrative Officer and lobbyist Bob Maxwell . They were put on paid leave in May 2017 while their claims were evaluated .
Maxwell got $ 20,000 in pay while on leave for five months , and another $ 48,000 in the final settlement to drop their claim and waive any further liability .
County Council paid Middletown human resources expert , Patricia M. Clendening , about $ 11,000 to investigate the claims . Council has also received bills from Wilmington law firm Potter , Anderson & Carroon totaling $ 76,000 for investigative legal services through February .
Updated figures were not immediately available . Kilpatrick said they believe those accounts are now closed .
Another $ 2,137 was paid to Coaching Partners , Inc. of Media , Pennsylvania — billed at an hourly rate of $ 475 for 4.75 hours of work — for workplace behavior training . Council unsuccessfully tried to mandate Hartley-Nagle participate in that training following the Maxwell investigation .
That investigation found that there was `` enough evidence to support that the council environment in which Kate was exposed included harassment , insulting and demeaning treatment , '' Kilpatrick said in December .
But precisely what Maxwell claimed , the accompanying evidence , what rules were broken and what legal liability the county may have had continues to be hidden by council officials citing personnel restrictions .
Hartley-Nagle called the investigation and settlement a `` political witch hunt '' and council voted to ask them to resign .
`` This is one more thing to publicly harass me as well as trying to interfere with me to doing my job , '' Hartley-Nagle said reflecting on the investigation .
Council 's Personnel Subcommittee has met multiple times in closed executive sessions in recent months to discuss `` confidential personnel matters '' that likely go beyond the Maxwell issue .
Buy Photo County Councilman George Smiley ( Photo : SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
At one committee meeting , they entered and exited non-public , executive session before voting on what was described only as `` employer recommendations '' without explaining the thrust or any potential cost of the vote publicly .
In January , the committee went into and exited closed , executive session before voting to allocate $ 15,000 to hire an HR specialist `` to investigate the number four allegation . ''
Council officials have declined to go on the record regarding what that entails .
No specific dollar allocation was made for the new investigation into Hartley-Nagle 's claims . Smiley asked council not to enter executive session to discuss the complaint against him .
`` Part of the problem , as I see it , is too much of these gets settled in private and you are under suspicion for the rest of your life , '' Smiley said .
Hartley-Nagle said Smiley 's openness about the situation is a tactic to unsettle them
`` It is not surprising that Mr. Smiley is retaliating by choosing a public mode of attack , '' Hartley-Nagle said .
Contact Xerxes Wilson at ( 302 ) 324-2787 or xwilson @ delawareonline.com . Follow @ Ber_Xerxes on Twitter .
PRIOR COVERAGE
Public needs answers from NCCo Council : Editorial
NCCo Council president under internal investigation while assistant in legal limbo
Another county drama that cost taxpayers $ 135,000
New Castle County Council asks for resignation of President Karen Hartley-Nagle
Hartley-Nagle constituent wants them to repay $ 60K campaign-year loan
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/05/30/harassment-claims-lead-new-investigation-county-council/655664002/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Eddie Jones has ramped up the pressure on England by demanding they make history in these Six Nations .
They have challenged them to become the first team in 135 years to capture the title outright three years in a row . To not just win matches but ‘ hunt ' down their opposition .
They have told them home advantage is a state of mind and that they want them to be as good on the road as at Twickenham .
Welcome to the next phase of England 's World Cup build-up .
Ordinarily , teams seek to avoid making waves coming into the championship , hoping that others will create a splash around them .
Not Jones .
( Image : Getty )
By stirring it up publicly they have applied pressure on their players to deliver , specifically because they want to see who can handle it . They know their words will light a fire in the bellies of opponents who do n't need added motivation to stick it to England . It is a calculated move .
The end game is not this tournament , though Jones is aware enough of the history and the public 's expectation to badly want the hat-trick . It is about next year 's World Cup , now fewer than 600 days away .
They know to win in Japan they need players who are every bit as effective away from their creature comforts as they are at Twickenham . Who , no matter the hostility of their surrounds , see only a block of grass and two sets of posts .
( Image : RFU/Getty )
( Image : Getty )
If they can achieve that in the fiercely partisan backyards of their Six Nations rivals they can do it on the neutral grounds of Japan .
England has a lot still to prove to themselves .
Despite winning all but one match last year for me there were shades of ‘ second season ' syndrome about their 2017 .
Jones will use that as a launch-pad to better , and my money is on England not only retaining their crown but nailing a first Grand Slam at home since 1995 .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
That is not for one moment to under-estimate the opposition — in fact , I find it hard to imagine there have ever been more genuine contenders for the prize .
Scotland is the game that worries me ; a team which is flying , playing at a ground where filthy conditions and a passion for slaying the auld enemy are assured .
But the principal reason is their coach Gregor Townsend .
They were so far ahead of their time as a player , a brilliant talent and rugby brain .
While other coaches coach the game in a way they used to play , they are cutting edge in their thinking . And it has showed in Scotland 's play .
That makes them a serious threat , whatever Eddie may say .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
ENGLAND
COACH Eddie Jones
CAPTAIN Dylan Hartley ( hooker )
ONE TO WATCH George Ford ( fly-half )
DAWSON 'S VIEW You have to go back 23 years for the last time England won a Grand Slam on home soil — March 18 , 1995 against Scotland , to be precise . My money is on that drought ending in this championship . Granted , Scotland away is a major challenge . But Eddie 's England are a class act and I see them winning a Slam decider against Ireland .
LAST FIVE SEASONS Second-second-second-first-first
OUTRIGHT TITLES 28 ( 13 Grand Slam )
PREDICTED FINISH First
FRANCE
COACH Jacques Brunel
CAPTAIN Guilhem Guirado ( hooker )
ONE TO WATCH Matthieu Jalibert ( fly-half )
( Image : AFP/Getty )
DAWSON 'S VIEW A new head coach and a teenage No10 in Jalibert means more than ever it is impossible to read France . I like Jalibert , he 's decent . But apart from them and young back-row star Sekou Macalou there is little to reason to suggest they wo n't make it seven years without a top-two finish .
LAST FIVE SEASONS 6-4-4-5-3
OUTRIGHT TITLES 17 ( nine Grand Slams )
PREDICTED FINISH Fourth .
IRELAND
COACH Joe Schmidt
CAPTAIN Rory Best ( hooker )
ONE TO WATCH Conor Murray ( scrum-half )
DAWSON 'S VIEW They beat England decisively last season to deny them the Slam , and are no less a team a year on . But this time that fixture is at Twickenham , and I expect home advantage to carry the day . In Murray and Johnny Sexton , the Irish have top-class half-backs to compliment a fierce pack and a very smart coach .
( Image : PA Wire )
LAST FIVE SEASONS 2-2-2-1-1
OUTRIGHT TITLES 28 ( 13 Grand Slams )
PREDICTED FINISH Second
ITALY
COACH Conor O'Shea
CAPTAIN Sergio Parisse ( No8 )
ONE TO WATCH Ian McKinley ( fly-half )
DAWSON 'S VIEW Nightmare draw , what with England first followed by Ireland away six days later . It 's hard to see them winning a match , though would love to be proved wrong . Would love also to see McKinley getting their chance . Dublin-born , they lost an eye in a rugby accident six years ago , moved to Italy and has played their way up through the amateur ranks . Incredible story .
( Image : Federazione Italiana Rugby )
LAST FIVE SEASONS 4-6-5-6-6
OUTRIGHT TITLES None
PREDICTED FINISH Sixth
SCOTLAND
COACH Gregor Townsend
CAPTAIN John Barclay ( flanker )
ONE TO WATCH Finn Russell ( fly-half )
DAWSON 'S VIEW Nobody respects the abilities of Townsend more than me , having played alongside them for Northampton and the British & Irish Lions . They will bring the best out of this team and , given the likes of Russell , Stuart Hogg , Jonny Gray and Tommy Seymour , that could potentially be very good indeed . Remember , they stuck 50 points on Australia last time out .
( Image : PA Wire )
Tough trips to Wales and Ireland , but there is now a fearlessness about their play that makes them dangerous anywhere .
LAST FIVE SEASONS 3-5-6-4-4
OUTRIGHT TITLES 14 ( three Grand Slams )
PREDICTED FINISH Third
WALES
COACH Warren Gatland
CAPTAIN Alun-Wyn Jones ( second row )
ONE TO WATCH Gareth Davies ( scrum-half )
DAWSON 'S VIEW So much rests on Saturday 's home opener against Scotland . Lose that and they are a team blighted by injuries ( among them the 2017 Lions ' Player of the Series Jonathan Davies and that tour 's captain Sam Warburton , who both miss the whole competition ) , headed for Twickenham and Dublin for back-to-back away games and staring at an 0-3 start .
( Image : Getty )
Win it , and the momentum kick could be significant . For my money , they 're missing too much class to mount a title challenge but experience has taught me never to write off a Gatland team .
LAST FIVE SEASONS 1-3-3-2-5
OUTRIGHT TITLES 26 ( 11 Grand Slams )
PREDICTED FINISH Fifth .
In association with
Check out what 's happening this Thanksgiving region in your community .
It 's Thanksgiving weekend and the Black Press Social Squad is hitting the region to attend all kinds of fall harvest events .
From the pumpkin swim in Vernon , to pumpkin patches at Davison Orchards , to the salmon run in Adams River , to the Armstrong Derby be sure to catch the team taking photos and video of the fun .
Check out what else is happening this long weekend with Social Squad member Anna Zeitner .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 20-year-old man was left red-faced when it became obvious the Christmas gift they gave their Gran was second-hand after they found the photo album already had pictures inside .
But as it turned out , they were delighted with the gift - because it was n't just photographs of any old family inside .
Oh , no . It actually contained pictures of Ant McPartlin - one half of comedy presenting duo , Ant and Dec - from way back in 2002 .
Roofer Daniel Mayes was mortified when their grandmother Eileen James , 70 , opened the boxed set of five albums to find one still contained a handful of retro photographs .
Their embarrassment was spared when their aunt Tina flicked through the photos and discovered two snaps of the star holding a baby and a child .
( Photo : Michael Scott/Mercury Press )
Luckily for Daniel , grandma Eileen is a huge Ant and Dec fan and the discovery has made them Christmas after a tough year undergoing cancer treatment .
The family now plan to invite the Geordie to join in their 2017 celebrations ( but we 're not sure how well that idea will go down ) .
Retired school worker and mum-of-four Eileen , from Leicester , East Mids , said : `` It really has made my Christmas . We are hoping we can have Ant round for Christmas next year now - if they heard the antics we get up to I think they definitely would come .
( Photo : Michael Scott/Mercury Press )
`` The album looked completely brand new , there was n't a mark on it . So when I found the photos my poor grandson was so embarrassed .
`` After I flicked through and spotted the photos I realised they were n't generic pictures like they sometimes put in albums . So I passed it to Tina and they spotted the ones of Ant .
`` I am a big fan of them and Dec , we all watch I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! and I really like all the programmes they do . I think they 're both amazing .
( Photo : Michael Scott/Mercury Press )
`` I joked we should have copies done of the photos as they are probably worth a fortune . I do want to keep one as a souvenir though . ''
Daniel , who also lives in Leicester , also bought their gran a book for Christmas .
They said : `` When I realised there was still pictures in the album I was so embarrassed because it showed someone else had them before and they were from a charity shop . So when I saw the photos and who it was in them I could n't believe it - it definitely made up for it .
( Photo : Michael Scott/Mercury Press )
The family have now launched a social media appeal to track down the rightful owner of the photographs and reunite them with their celebrity snaps .
Tina said : `` We want to get these photos back to whoever they belong to because it is a complete mystery . ''
Representatives for Ant McPartlin declined to comment .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid have 10 days in which to appeal after Cristiano Ronaldo was hit with a five-game suspension for pushing the referee following their dismissal during Sunday 's Supercopa de Espana meeting with Barcelona .
Forward Ronaldo , having already been cautioned for taking their shirt off after scoring in the 3-1 first-leg win at the Nou Camp , was shown a second yellow card in the 82nd minute for diving after going down under pressure from Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti .
The Portuguese responded to their dismissal by shoving referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back before making their way off the pitch .
The Spanish football federation ( RFEF ) has now handed the 32-year-old a five-match ban - one for the double booking and another four for pushing the official .
( Image : REUTERS )
Ronaldo was found guilty of 'Violation of article 96 of the Disciplinary Code ' , which relates to using `` mild force '' against the officials , including grabbing , pushing or shaking .
The offence carries a ban of up to 12 matches , with Ronaldo being handed the minimum punishment of four games .
Ronaldo has also been fined 3,805 euros ( £3,459 ) for the two sanctions , with Real fined 1,750 euros ( £1,590 ) .
Real and Ronaldo have 10 business days to appeal against the ruling , the RFEF added .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
Ronaldo will now miss the second leg of the Supercopa against Barça at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night , as well as Real 's opening four LaLiga matches .
The reigning Spanish and European champions begin their title defence at Deportivo La Coruna on Sunday , before then taking on Valencia , Levante and Real Sociedad .
Former Manchester United forward Ronaldo - linked with a move away from Real this summer after revealing their frustration over an investigation into their tax returns in Spain - started the Supercopa fixture on the bench but was heavily involved following their introduction around the hour mark .
They restored Real 's lead with a brilliant 20-yard shot into the far top corner in the 80th minute - three minutes after Lionel Messi had levelled from the penalty spot to cancel out Gerard Pique 's own goal - and was promptly booked for celebrating by taking off their shirt .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
Soon after they went to ground under a challenge by Umtiti as the pair raced into the Barcelona box . Ronaldo appealed for a penalty but instead was shown a second yellow card for diving .
An incredulous Ronaldo then pushed De Burgos Bengoetxea in the back with their right hand as the referee walked away , an incident the official described in their report as `` Once the red card was shown , said player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement '' .
Following Ronaldo 's dismissal , Real added a third goal late on through Marco Asensio to seal a 3-1 first-leg win over the Copa del Rey winners in the Spanish season 's traditional curtain-raiser .
Australia – Beachside Property Rentals is a mobile property management agency dedicated to provide flexible support and personalized service to property owners and tenants .
Beachside Property Rentals is based in Sunshine Coast , which provides regular rent reviews and inspection results to property owners , keeping them updated on the current status of their property .
Liz Malthouse , owner of the Beachside Property Rentals stated “ You have to be comfortable and confident of the people that are going to be looking after your property . It 's not about the brand , it 's about the person that will be managing your property . ”
Connecting with Beachside is more convenient compared to traditional real estate agencies because the owner itself is just one call away . Beachside operates on a mobile office , making it more accessible to the clients . “ I do n't need an office to work . My car is my office , I have the internet , I have all the tools of every other agency , and I have my mobile and I have my computer . This makes me more accessible to my clients and available 24/7. ” said Malthouse .
“ It 's really important that we have that communication . The connection between all parties and me , as the communicator is important in order to have a good relationship. ” shared by Malthouse .
In this video , Malthouse gives details about Beachside Property Rentals : youtu.be/_iIF2JuDqbk
For more information , you may visit beachsidepr.com.au or contact Liz Malthouse thru :
Contact # : 0438 409 842
Email : rentals @ beachsidepr.com.au
A helicopter is hovering over Cambridge .
The helicopter was spotted hovering over the Jesus Green and Midsummer Common area in the centre of the city around 10.45am , and appears to be looking for someone .
A resident said : `` It 's been here for more than half an hour now . ''
Cambridgeshire Constabulary has been contacted but have confirmed it is not their helicopter .
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
For the latest news visit http : //www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time .
We 're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Which Trump Should Be Believed On Overturning Roe v. Wade ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
President Trump has vowed not to ask prospective members of the Supreme Court about their views on Roe v. Wade , the basis for legal abortion nationwide since 1973 and the most widely discussed legal case in America in the past half-century .
President Trump also made a rather different promise to voters in 2016 in their third televised debate with Hillary Clinton . They said Roe would be overturned if they got to change the balance on the court :
`` If we put another two or perhaps three justices on , that will happen . And that will happen automatically , in my opinion , because I am putting pro-life justices on the court . ''
So the issue could not have been a more salient criterion for prospective Trump nominees then , but now the president vows not to even raise the issue with prospective nominees .
Has the president changed their mind on abortion ?
It would not be the first time . They called themselves `` strongly pro-choice '' when seeking the Reform Party nomination for president almost 20 years ago . Then , running as a Republican in 2016 , they told primary voters their views had `` evolved . ''
But the apparently mixed signals of the moment do not really suggest any further evolution in the president 's thinking . They suggest a strategy for confirming whomever the president picks .
The strategy reprises last year 's successful approach to confirming Justice Neil Gorsuch in the early spring of 2017 .
Gorsuch was named to fill the vacancy left by the death of Antonin Scalia and then kept open by the refusal of the Senate 's Republican majority to consider Merrick Garland , the replacement named by President Barack Obama in 2016 .
Gorsuch was greeted with delight by abortion opponents , even though they had not ruled directly on Roe in their judicial career . But their confirmation was far from a sure thing because two Republican senators , Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , were seen as defenders of abortion rights .
Law What 's Ahead As The Supreme Court Term Ends What 's Ahead As The Supreme Court Term Ends Listen · 5:05 5:05
So then , as now , the president said they are n't even going to bring up the case they had promised would be overturned `` automatically '' by the justices they would name as president .
When Gorsuch got to their confirmation hearings with the Senate Judiciary Committee , Connecticut Democrat Richard Blumenthal asked about what they called `` the Trump litmus test '' on abortion .
Gorsuch said they would have `` walked out the door '' if Trump had asked them to overturn Roe . And that seems to have been enough for Collins and Murkowski , who both voted to confirm .
NPR Politics Podcast Analysis : Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy 's Retirement Analysis : Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy 's Retirement Listen · 22:57 22:57
Yet abortion opponents at the time fully expected them to join other conservatives in overturning the 1973 landmark , and they still do .
Many have called the filling of this next seat the moment they have waited decades for , because this seat had belonged to Justice Anthony Kennedy , who voted to uphold Roe in the past ( while also voting to allow numerous restrictions on abortion ) .
Yet with the Senate Republican majority down to 51 to 49 and Sen. John McCain being treated for cancer at home in Arizona , Trump 's next nominee is even more vulnerable to potential no votes from Collins or Murkowski .
Over the weekend , Collins told Jake Tapper of CNN that they `` would not support a nominee who demonstrated hostility to Roe . '' On Sunday , they told ABC News ' Martha Raddatz they had shared this with the president and discussed it with Murkowski as well .
Sometimes , the president likes to put Republicans on the spot , but in this case that could be too costly .
Trump would rather give the GOP senators who are abortion-rights supporters a plausible path to vote for their nominee and a way to explain that vote down the road .
And unless they bring forth someone with a `` demonstrated hostility '' to the case , they will , in all probability , succeed .
In the meantime , will Trump 's anti-abortion-rights supporters be disturbed to hear them telling the world that Roe is not a litmus test ? Will they be upset at this signal sent to Collins and Murkowski ?
Perhaps , but it is more likely they will trust Trump to do what they expect them to do and say whatever they need to say to make it happen .
They have the example of the Gorsuch nomination a year ago .
On the other hand , the president can be rather mercurial . The weekend brought a fresh and truly remarkable example of their bravado in this regard .
On Twitter , Trump disowned two pieces of legislation on immigration that they had tried to rally support for that same week .
Any Twitter user could scroll down a few messages to find this , shouted in ALL CAPS .
Remarkably , the president did not even bother to delete the all-caps message they had sent three days earlier .
Moreover , even a cursory review of recent news stories reminds us that the president actually traveled to Capitol Hill the week before the vote to urge passage of either of the immigration bills pending in the House .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders on Monday , however , said the president did n't lie about their position . They contended instead that the president was n't `` aggressively lobbying '' for either bill , because Democrats would make it so that neither bill could pass . ( Never mind that only a majority is needed to pass legislation in the House , and Republicans are that majority . )
In the end , one version of the bill got 193 votes and the other just 121 , both far shy of the number needed to pass . The second version barely got half the votes of Republicans .
For the president to turn on the leadership in this way — for no apparent reason other than to avoid being associated with a loss — might have a chilling effect on those who rely on their promises in the future .
Gold prices hit a low of $ 1,256.65 in the previous session , their weakest since 26 May . Photo : AP
Bengaluru : Gold prices edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session , supported by softer US economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice .
Weaker US retail and inflation data overshadowed a rate hike by the US Federal Reserve on Wednesday , raising doubts about the improvement in the economy and pressurizing the dollar .
“ Although the Fed is saying the data is transitory , the market is struggling to align with this view , ” said Jeffrey Halley , senior market analyst at OANDA .
“ Thus we are seeing the US dollar under pressure which has been positive for gold in the short-term . ”
Spot gold was up 0.3 % at $ 1,264.76 per ounce by 9.52am . It hit a low of $ 1,256.65 in the previous session , its weakest since 26 May .
US gold futures for August delivery fell 0.7 % to $ 1,266.50 an ounce .
“ We are looking for gold to hold support around $ $ 1,260 , with expectations that the recent soft US data and ongoing geopolitical concerns should be supportive , ” MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note .
Risk sentiment was hit after Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice .
As long as uneasiness around the Trump government among speculators and investors exists , gold will hold up pretty well , said Yuichi Ikemizu , Tokyo branch manager at ICBC Standard Bank .
Gold considered a safe haven during times of political and financial uncertainty .
“ Spot gold was also supported by short-term interest in physical gold in Asia , especially from Shanghai this morning , ” Halley said .
In the wider markets , US stock futures and Asian shares slid on Thursday with MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropping 0.7 % .
The dollar index was little changed against a basket of currencies on Thursday after having slid to its lowest since November on Wednesday .
Among other precious metals , silver rose 0.5 % to $ 16.96 an ounce after it snapped a five-session losing streak and settled higher on Wednesday .
Palladium was near flat at $ 863.03 an ounce , while platinum fell 0.2 % to $ 933.90 . Reuters
Last week , the RBI reduced the amount banks have to set aside on home loans to 0.25 % , or Rs250 per lakh from 0.4 % or Rs400 per lakh previously . Photo : Mint
Mumbai : The Reserve Bank of India 's ( RBI ) move to reduce the amount of money that banks have to set aside ( as security ) on home loans is negative from the perspective of the ratings of lenders , Moody 's Investors Services said in a note on Thursday .
According to the rating agency , the move is credit negative for Indian banks because lower capital requirements will weaken their protection related to the exposure to the housing sector and encourage greater lending .
Last week , the RBI reduced the amount banks have to set aside on home loans to 0.25 % , or Rs250 per lakh from 0.4 % or Rs400 per lakh previously .
The central bank also reduced the so-called risk weightage on home loans of between Rs30 lakh and Rs75 lakh to 35 % from 50 % , and over Rs75 lakh to 50 % from 75 %
“ Although lower risk weights would boost sluggish credit growth while limiting the effect on banks ' capital position , we believe competition for housing loans has significantly increased among banks and non-bank finance companies . Since 2015 , housing loan growth has been roughly double that of overall bank credit , ” said Moody 's .
The rating agency also said that the issue of bad loans in the housing loan segment has remained fairly stable . However , its discussions with banks have confirmed that some areas of weaknesses have emerged in the luxury property segment following demonetisation .
In the absence of demand for big-ticket corporate loans , banks are focusing on retail credit , especially home loans . Banks are also keen on growing their housing loan portfolio to take advantage of incentives offered by the government to home buyers .
The government on 31 December announced the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme for Middle Income Groups , where interest subsidy of 4 % was granted on housing loans of up to Rs9 lakh and 3 % on housing loans of up to Rs12 lakh .
Amid greater competition in the home loan market , lenders have been aggressive on cutting interest rates in order to attract customers .
Following the RBI 's decision last week , country 's largest State Bank of India ( SBI ) became the first bank to reduce home loan rates by 10 basis points to 8.55 % from 8.65 % earlier . The new rates are effective from 15 June
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ben Stokes could make their England return in the one-day series against New Zealand after being included in a 15-man squad `` subject to any court obligations '' .
Stokes has not featured for their country since September , when they were arrested on a night out in Bristol , and is due to appear at magistrates ' court on February 13 charged with affray .
That date clashed with the 26-year-old all-rounder 's planned comeback in a Twenty20 against the Black Caps and , while the ECB is hopeful they will be clear to play the five-match ODI series which starts on February 25 , officials are awaiting clarification of the legal process .
Their travel arrangements are yet to be confirmed and it is possible they will link up with the rest of the squad separately .
Speaking after their charge , Stokes declared themselves `` keen to have an opportunity to clear my name '' and indicated they would await trial in order to do so .
England 's decision to name Stokes with a caveat beside their involvement follows a familiar pattern dating back to the Ashes , with the player selected but ultimately deemed unavailable for both the Test and ODI series Down Under .
An ECB board meeting decided they were once again available to represent England following their charge last month .
Elsewhere , selectors have named an almost identical 50-over squad that that which defeated Australia 4-1 in recent weeks .
Seamer Jake Ball , who played the final match of the series , has been left out having been on tour since England landed in Australia in October . Dawid Malan also drops out after being added as Stokes ' replacement for the Australia campaign .
Joe Root , Moeen Ali and Chris Woakes all take the places after being granted a rest from the forthcoming the T20 tri-series against Australia and New Zealand .
England squad
Eoin Morgan ( captain ) , Moeen Ali , Jonny Bairstow , Sam Billings , Jos Buttler , Tom Curran , Alex Hales , Liam Plunkett , Adil Rashid , Joe Root , Jason Roy , Ben Stokes , David Willey , Chris Woakes , Mark Wood . ( Reporting by Ed Osmond ; Editing by Christian Radnedge )
© Bassam Khabieh / Reuters
Christine Rivière , 51 , was sentenced following a trial in which they were charged with criminal conspiracy with a view to preparing terrorist acts.The 'Jihadi Granny ' said they followed their eldest son to Syria in order to support them and spend time with him , in case they faced an early death.Rivière 's son , Tylor Vilus , converted to Islam in 2011 at the age of 21 . They quickly became radicalized , moving to Tunisia to engage with jihadist groups there.Vilus left for Syria in 2013 , backed by the support of their mother who sent them money and encouragement.When their son left for Syria in 2013 and told them they 're as moving up the ranks of IS , Rivière reportedly replied : `` I knew you 'd do well , you 're made for that . '' They also allegedly put them in touch with potential brides who were interested in joining IS.Rivière visited their son in Syria three times in 2013 and 2014 , and was arrested in July 2014 as they were allegedly trying to move there permanently . A husband was reportedly waiting for them upon arrival in the country . `` I wanted to make the most of [ time with ] my son before they die ... I know that will happen , of course , and if it do I 'll be happy for them because I know what that means for him . I know they will have a place in paradise ... I want what they want , like every good mother , '' Rivière reportedly told investigators , the Guardian reported.She denied claims that they financially supported IS , telling investigators it was `` normal '' to send their son money . They also denied personally fighting for the terrorist group . `` It was my son who took care of everything . I paid for the plane ticket , '' Rivière said , as quoted by Libération newspaper . `` I love my son . Since they became a Muslim , they have better behavior . But they have done things for which I do not agree too much . `` However , court papers state that violent propaganda pictures were found on their computer.Rivière 's son was arrested in Turkey in July 2015 while traveling on a Swedish passport . They are currently awaiting trial in prison while an investigation is underway into their role in IS .
Bayan Investment Participate in Supporting The Annual Gala Dinner of The Children Cancer Center in Lebanon
The Southern Baptist Convention says it will reconsider an effort to condemn white supremacy Wednesday , after a resolution disavowing the “ alt-right ” movement was rejected during the organization 's meeting in Phoenix .
The “ alt-right ” — short for alternative-right — is a term often applied to those whose politics tend to embrace white nationalism , racism , sexism and anti-Semitism .
According to the Arizona Republic reports that the initial rejection spurned an intense debate which prompted the body to craft a new resolution that will be voted on Wednesday afternoon . It reports ,
Prominent Southern Baptist leader Russell Moore , the president of the convention 's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission , said Wednesday morning that they expect the convention will “ enthusiastically ” pass the new resolution .
“ The so-called Alt-Right white supremacist ideologies are anti-Christ and satanic to the core . We should say so , ” Moore said on Twitter .
Tuesday 's controversy was sparked by a separate , but similar resolution by African American minister William D. McKissic Sr. , a pastor at the Cornerstone Baptist Church in Arlington , Texas , submitted to the SBC 's Committee on Resolutions . They wanted the entire convention to vote on their resolution .
Their resolution failed to gain approval by a two-thirds majority of the committee .
McKissic 's resolution stated that the Southern Baptist Church should denounce “ every form of ‘ nationalism ' that violates the biblical teachings with respect to race , justice and ordered liberty ” and that the convention should “ reject the retrograde ideologies , xenophobic biases , and racial bigotries of the so-called ‘ alt-right ' that seek to subvert our government , destabilize society , and infect our political system . ”
Some reportedly rejected the resolution because of its “ inappropriate ” language .
McKissic last year succeeded in having the SBC endorse a resolution condemning the Confederate flag as a symbol of racial injustice .
Twitter users of all hues condemned the decision :
The Southern Baptist Convention was founded as a theological apologetic for the enslavement of people of African descent in this country . — Broderick Greer ( @ BroderickGreer ) June 14 , 2017
`` We live in a time when equivocating on these matters furthers the sin of racism even to violence and death . … '' https : //t.co/VHYH8TzUf6 — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) June 14 , 2017
The Southern Baptist Church was `` explicitly founded to support slavery . '' https : //t.co/rUfzO7zkc4 — Samuel Sinyangwe ( @ samswey ) June 14 , 2017
The sad part is that nine other resolutions passed with near-unanimous votes . But this is the South and racists go to church too , apparently .
SOURCE : The Arizona Republic
SEE ALSO :
‘ Angry White Folks ' & Racist Alt-Right Fueling Trump 's Poll Rise
Hillary Clinton Hits Trump On ‘ Alt-Right ' Support
Take a sneak peek at Episode two of The Moorside
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Karen Matthews ' ex-lover has been attacked outside their safe house for the second time in a fortnight , is having been reported .
Craig Meehan had nothing to do with the 2008 plot to kidnap Karen 's daughter Shannon , but police found images of child sex abuse on their laptop during the investigation .
And the screening of BBC drama The Moorside has brought renewed attention to those portrayed in the drama .
Matthews , 41 , was jailed for eight years for staging their daughter 's kidnap with the aim of collecting a £50,000 reward .
Just days before the programme aired last week , the mum-of-seven - who is played by actor Gemma Whelan - had a pot of steaming mushy peas dumped over their head by a disgusted mum after they left a chippy .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
( Photo : The People )
According to the Daily Star , a mob also tracked down Meehan and assaulted them this week .
Meehan served 20 weeks in jail in 2008 and has been in and out of hiding ever since .
A source told the Star : `` Now that he 's had a thumping at one of the places they felt safe , they feel scared and he 's gone reclusive again . ''
( Photo : Phil Harris/Daily Mirror )
( Photo : Phil Harris/Daily Mirror )
Meanwhile , Karen Matthews is said to be considering leaving Britain to escape the public backlash .
It 's been claimed they applied for a passport and is eyeing up a cleaning job on the Costa Blanca .
A source said : `` She knows they can never avoid them past .
`` With this programme on the telly she 's realised living abroad might be a better option for her . ''
( Photo : PA )
Matthews was living in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , when they hit headlines in 2008 after pretending their daughter Shannon , nine , had been kidnapped .
The BBC1 show , which concluded last night , reveals how Matthews sat back and allowed police and friends to organise search parties for Shannon for almost a month – knowing they were being held less than two miles away in the dingy flat of their partner 's uncle Michael Donovan .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Publicity pic )
Matthews was jailed for eight years after their plot was uncovered , but was released after serving just half their time .
Donovan , 48 , also sentenced for eight years was released a few weeks before Matthews .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A veteran firefighter who spent eight hours battling the Grenfell Tower inferno made a grim prediction as they compared the deadly blaze to a `` war zone '' .
The heroic firefighter , identified as Terry , told of the harrowing scenes they and their colleagues encountered inside the 24-storey building where at least 17 people were killed .
To get inside the tower , Terry said , crews had to run a `` gauntlet '' of flaming debris that was raining down on top of them , and later were escorted by police officers who used riot shields to protect them .
After rescuing a number of residents and battling the flames inside , they said : `` I only went as far as the 10th floor . What we saw , that [ death ] toll is going to rise . ''
( Photo : EPA )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Terry told LBC 's James O'Brien it was the biggest fire in London since the Blitz in World War II , and they had seen `` nothing like it '' during their 27 years with the fire service .
They said it was `` like The Towering Inferno and 9/11 rolled into one '' , adding : `` We had to literally run under police riot shields because of the amount of flaming debris , just to get into the building .
`` There was one small staircase that everyone was going up . It was just like the images of 9/11 .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : Rex Features )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` We were going up the staircase and people were coming down in smoke . I do n't know how they were breathing . ''
Terry said they went up as far as the 10th floor and they expect the death roll to rise , adding : `` The amount of kit that this job has absorbed from the London Fire Brigade is unbelievable . It 's like a war zone here . ''
Witnesses said trapped residents were so desperate to escape the flames and smoke that they jumped from windows or threw their children from several storeys up .
( Photo : Getty Images )
( Photo : Rex Features )
Others attempted to use bedsheets as parachutes or knotted them together to use them as ropes to climb down .
The firefighter , who worked in the aftermath of the IRA bombing at Canary Wharf in 1996 , said no amount of planning could prepare the emergency services to deal with a fire so catastrophic .
Describing the carnage and desperation of people trapped in their flats , they added : `` One of my colleagues was hit by someone who jumped out of a window .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Photo : EPA )
`` To see a whole 24-storey building go up in flames - how does that happen ?
`` How does that happen in a first world country ? How it happens in London in 2017 is anyone 's guess . ''
Terry was at the scene from 2am to 10am yesterday . Photos showed exhausted fire crews covered in ash as they rested in the shade .
More than 250 firefighters battled the blaze , which was finally brought until control at about 1.14 am today .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : AFP )
( Photo : Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton told reporters today that the fire has been extinguished .
Nine firefighters suffered injuries , including burns and smoke inhalation , and many were left `` traumatised '' , they added .
Now that the fire is out the focus is on carrying out a `` thorough search '' of the burned-out flats .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : PA )
However , some parts of the building are unsafe to enter , Ms Cotton said .
Police have said that the number of dead was expected to rise as the recovery operation continues .
A community leader , who asked not to be identified , said there were fears no one on the top three floors survived .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Ham blew the chance to sign striker Islam Slimani because Leicester refused to do business with Karren Brady .
The London club 's vice-chair is understood to have annoyed Foxes supremo Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha .
They were still seething over comments made by Baroness Brady in a weekly newspaper column about their dismissal of coach Claudio Ranieri last year .
West Ham are understood to have apologised previously for any offence caused , but Leicester remained unmoved .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty )
This week , in an attempt to clinch a beat-the-deadline deal , a West ham boss called to ask if they could sign Slimani .
Leicester categorically refused , and cited Brady 's previous comments and the 29-year-old went on to join Newcastle on loan for the rest of season .
Brady had written in their column : “ A fellow Premier League director reports that last night they bumped into the Leicester chairperson at London 's most-expensive wine shop .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ The Leicester owner told them they 'd sacked Claudio Ranieri .
“ He then casually settled their bill for wine and champagne . Since the sum was close to £500,000 I guess the compensation to their old manager is pocket change .
“ At least the owner can drown their sorrows in style ! ”
( Image : Newcastle United via Getty )
Slimani was unveiled by Newcastle on Thursday , and said : “ It 's true there were a lot of clubs that were interested in me , but knowing the power of the fans and crowd here and how great they are , and also speaking to the manager , it gave me the confidence to know that this was the right place .
“ Rafa Benitez is a big coach with a big reputation , so them calling and them being here had a big effect on my choice . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
ST NEOTS manager Matt Clements said that achieving safety in the Evo-Stik League Southern , Premier Division is a culmination of the hard work put in by everyone at the club .
A goal in each half , from Lee Clarke and Jevani Brown , their 19th goal in 20 matches , earned St Neots a 2-0 win over Dunstable yesterday and secured their status in the division ahead of a final day derby against Cambridge City .
And Clements added that there is still work to do ahead of their first full season in charge .
They said : “ It 's been one of them where we 've grown an eight-point gap , then been clawed back , and it 's been a bit up and down for weeks now .
“ It 's a culmination of all of the hard work of the players , the club and the fans .
“ It has been coming , the results against Chippenham on Saturday and Kings Langley a few weeks ago bought us close , we just needed to finish it off .
“ Coming in it was a big job and a big club that was n't in a healthy position and that first game ( a 4-0 defeat to Weymouth ) I did question whether the job was bigger than I thought .
“ But the team around me has bought into what I 've been trying to do , and we 've a lot of work to do , but the players have shown they can compete with anyone as , apart from the 5-2 against Cinderford , we have n't been smashed about by anyone .
“ We go into next week wanting to finish as high as we can .
“ I know Robbie ( Nightingale ) well and a lot of the City boys , but you have to focus on yourself . ”
Meanwhile , a clinical second-half performance secured St Ives a 2-0 win over King 's Lynn Town in the Evo-Stik League Southern , Premier Division .
The Saints were looking to bounce back from a disappointing result against Merthyr on Saturday , where a very young side lost 2-0 .
Despite Danny Kelly having a few decent chances in the opening period , the sides went in level .
However , two second-half goals from Liam McDevitt and Kelly meant that the Saints picked up all three points in their last home game in their maiden season in Step Three .
And while they were delighted with the win , manager Ricky Marheineke voiced a slight concern at their side 's stuggles in front of goal .
They said : “ It was a good all-round performance .
“ Defensively I thought we were excellent first half , although we did n't create too many chances .
“ I thought we got the ball into the final third really well , just unfortunately there was a lack of quality .
“ I said that at half time , there 's been too many times this season when we 've defended really , really well and let ourselves down in the final third , with the decision making , final pass , the cross into the box and that 's what it was today .
“ I just felt that if we improved in that area that we would go on to win the game and that 's how it proved to be .
“ In the second half we were very , very dominant . We worked the ball through the pitch really well .
“ I think 2-0 probably flattened them a little bit . I think three or four would have been a fairer reflection on the game .
“ I thought Danny Kelly was outstanding . ”
“ I 'm delighted to sign off at home with a win and I 'm delighted for Danny Kelly to score as they missed a few good chances before and you wondered whether it will ever go in for him . But their performance the last couple of home games have deserved a goal .
“ I 'm delighted for the fans . Although the attendance was n't as high as we 'd hope , the ones that did come got behind the team and were very vocal and that was just our way of saying thanks for all their support during the season . ”
They might not like OMB 's approach , but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:16 Will Muschamp 2017 signing class breakdown
2:03 Connor Shaw back running , throwing , preparing for 2017 NFL season
When it comes to country music , Faith Hill and Tim McGraw are pretty much royalty .
The duo has individually dominated both the country and top 100 charts with songs , like `` This Kiss '' and `` Just to See You Smile , '' since the '90s , and now they 're officially embarking on a new adventure together . Their first-ever joint album , titled The Rest Of Your Life , features a collection of 11 songs , with Ed Sheeran getting some writing credit on the album 's title track .
On Friday , Hill tweeted the news , stating : “ Our first album together is going to be here Nov. 17 ! New single & video for ‘ The Rest Of Our Life ' is out today . ''
Our first album together is going to be here Nov. 17th ! New single & video for `` The Rest Of Our Life '' is out today . https : //t.co/T5Iu8ur0oG pic.twitter.com/JQULpqA7SD — Faith Hill ( @ FaithHill ) October 6 , 2017
McGraw also took to the social media platform to express their excitement . `` Excited to announce our new album and new single , The Rest Of Our Life . Thanx for being a part of our journey . ”
Excited to announce our new album and new single , The Rest Of Our Life . Thanx for being a part of our journey ! https : //t.co/0iFackXkGl pic.twitter.com/uZj4yfXXM3 — Tim McGraw ( @ TheTimMcGraw ) October 6 , 2017
Internationally , fans will have the opportunity to witness the love between country 's power couple in-person , when McGraw and Hill take their tour to Glasgow , London , and Munich in March .
The Rest Of Your Life will be released next month , and we 're already pressing the purchase button on the album 's namesake track .
Lakes tend to emit carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) to the atmosphere , making them important players in the planet 's natural regulation of its climate . However , the direction of the flow of CO2 between lakes and the atmosphere can be influenced by humans or by natural factors such as rainfall or air temperature . Lake Superior is the largest freshwater lake on the planet , and a number of detailed studies occurring in the late 1990s and early 2000s found that , like most lakes , it was a net source of CO2 to the atmosphere . However , earlier publications described Lake Superior as a sink of atmospheric CO2 . Dr. Soren Brothers of the Ecology Center and Watershed Sciences Department at USU analyzed monitoring data of dissolved oxygen concentrations in the lake from the past 50 years . Their analysis indicated that in most years the lake absorbs atmospheric CO2 from late May to early October , but then expels CO2 during the winter .
This reanalysis of CO2 fluxes resulted in the publication of Light may have triggered a period of net heterotrophy in Lake Superior in Limnology and Oceanography by Soren Brothers and their co-author Dr. Paul Sibley from the University of Guelph . Their synthesis indicated that a powerful climatic event such as the 1997/98 El Niño , coupled with the effects of climate change , could make Lake Superior a temporary summertime source of CO2 to the atmosphere . Their research demonstrates how the shifting dynamics of CO2 in lakes both contributes to and is affected by climate change . The El Niño of 1997/98 was associated with a strong decline in Lake Superior 's winter ice cover , while climate change had gradually warmed its waters and reduced its cloud cover . A concurrent increase in water clarity resulted in greater light penetration , liberating a portion of the lake 's dissolved organic carbon pool for release into the atmosphere as CO2 . Since the early-to-mid 2000s , the lake appears to have returned to a net sink of atmospheric CO2 .
As the water characteristics of Lake Superior are in many ways similar to that of some parts of the world 's oceans , Brothers and Sibley suggest that their findings may be relevant to the large global pool of dissolved organic carbon in marine waters . Major implications for potential marine-atmospheric feedbacks exist with future climatic warming .
# # #
Under chairperson Li Shufu , Volvo Cars was able to lower its costs and gain economies of scale by manufacturing and selling in China . Photo : Reuters
Mumbai/Beijing : Tata Motors Ltd and Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co. both bought iconic luxury brands from a struggling Ford Motor Co. in the wake of the global recession . Both acquisitions were met with skepticism from investors , who now view the two companies very differently .
Since Geely 's $ 1.5 billion purchase of Sweden 's Volvo Cars in 2010 , the Chinese automaker has seen the share price of its listed unit increase sixfold in Hong Kong trading . India 's Tata Motors , which bought Britain 's Jaguar Land Rover two years earlier for $ 2.5 billion , has merely doubled in the same period . The contrast is even starker if one shortens the timeframe : Tata is down about 21 % this year , while Geely is up 155 % .
The difference , says Jochen Siebert , a Singapore-based automotive consultant , lies in what the companies have done with their landmark purchases . Under chairperson Li Shufu , Volvo Cars was able to lower its costs and gain economies of scale by manufacturing and selling in China , the world 's largest auto market . Geely in return benefited from the technology of the more established Swedish automaker through the development of common underpinnings , which Volvo Cars also uses for its smaller models .
When Tata Motors wanted a partner to help it break out of the domestic India market , it looked not to its luxury division , but to Volkswagen AG 's Skoda . JLR and its Indian parent were just “ too far from each other ” in positioning , preventing them from creating any synergies between them , said Siebert . Talks about a partnership between Skoda and Tata ended last week without a deal as the projected cost savings fell short of expectations , leaving the latter without a global partner .
“ Tata sees JLR as a standalone and a financial shareholding , ” said Siebert , managing director of JSC Automotive Consulting . “ As long as Tata does n't want to develop into a higher-positioned brand in its own right , there is just no way to cooperate with JLR . ”
Volvo 's ethos
Geely Auto 's shares rose 2.8 % to HK $ 18.94 as of 9:54 am in Hong Kong trading on Monday . The benchmark Hang Seng Index advanced 0.8 % .
Tata did n't immediately offer a comment on the market perception of its acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover . A spokesperson for Zhejiang Geely Holding said in a message sent by WeChat that the success of the acquisition “ has been down to Volvo 's strong product range and customer-centric design and engineering ethos . ”
Tata is now almost entirely dependent on its luxury unit for profits . Jaguar Land Rover accounted for 78 % of the group 's total revenue and 96 % of its operating income . Sales of Tata 's own namesake brand of vehicles contributed 1.3 % to operating profit , behind that of construction equipment .
This has made the parent vulnerable to any hiccups at the British unit . When JLR said it expects pressure on profit margins to continue due to higher incentive levels , investors sent Tata 's stock down 8.6 % to a 15-month low on 10 August . Deliveries at JLR grew at a slower 4 % pace in the April-to-June quarter because of weak demand including for Land Rover 's Discovery Sport and Range Rover Sport SUVs .
JLR also counts China as a major market and Tata can do little to help in the world 's biggest auto market given its lack of presence there , said Bill Russo , managing director of Gao Feng Advisory Co .
By contrast , Volvo Cars was the first Western carmaker to export a premium China-made car to the US in 2015 with the S60 Inscription . The company last year began building high-end versions of its S90 premium sedan in Daqing , China for global exports and plans to assemble vehicles in India this year , starting with the XC90 SUV . Geely and Volvo Cars also worked together to develop a compact-car platform that will be used by Geely 's upscale Lynk & Co. brand .
Geely 's investments in factories and in-house technologies have resulted in a series of new car models , a spokesperson for Volvo Cars said in an email response . The transformation continues with two new joint ventures formed between Volvo and Geely this month , they said .
Geely has thrown a lot of money at Volvo without concern for an immediate return , a luxury available to an unlisted company , says Janet Lewis , an auto analyst in Hong Kong with Macquarie Group Ltd . This has enabled the Swedish company to invest in technology , whereas it was relatively starved of development money under Ford ownership , they said .
“ The longer-term challenge for Volvo is its tiny scale . Even combined with Geely for volume , it is going to have a hard time meeting the increasing technology needs when it is up against well-funded giants like Toyota , VW , Renault-Nissan-MMC and GM , ” said Lewis . “ JLR faces similar challenges with its small scale and its main hope is that Tata ties up with a global partner in India. ” Bloomberg
Top Stories : Waiting For The Nunes Memo ; Florida Felons And Voting Rights
Good morning , here are our early stories :
— Washington Awaits Nunes Memo That Has Pushed It Into Terra Incognita .
— Voting Rights Process For Florida Felons Unconstitutional , Judge Says .
— Fidel Castro Díaz-Balart , The Oldest Son Of Cuban Leader , Commits Suicide .
— Brawl Between Afghan , Eritrean Migrants In France Leaves 4 Wounded .
— Wisconsin Teen Sentenced To 40 Years In Mental Hospital For 'Slender Man ' Stabbing .
— Hawaii Judge Finds Woman Not Guilty Of Driving Off A Cliff And Killing Them Twin .
And here are more early headlines :
Federal Prosecutor In Oregon Holding Summit On Surplus Pot . ( AP )
Oil From Sunken Tanker May Have Spread To Japan . ( Reuters )
Van Driver Plows Into Shanghai Pedestrians , 18 Hurt . ( CNN )
New Evidence Of Thousands Of Mayan Structures In Guatemala . ( National Geographic )
Hundreds Trapped After Storm Blows Over New Zealand . ( RNZ )
PHOTOS : At Westminster , Rumor Wins — But They 're All Good Dogs
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year .
Rumor , the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year 's show , had come close to simply hanging up their leash and retiring . Instead , they stormed back to win their category again this year — and then , to top it all off , beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday , as well .
The triumph makes them only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster 's 141-year history . Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat .
Not only that , but as NPR 's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month , Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year 's dog show : cats . The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete .
Still , whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point . The dogs — big and small , noble and loony — are the main event .
So , without further throat-clearing , here 's what you came for : A few of our very favorite images from the competition .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Enlarge this image toggle caption Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Suspect In New York Subway Blast Had 'Low-Tech ' Device Police are calling an explosion in a crowded corridor between two New York City subway stations Monday morning an attempted terror attack . Officials say suspect Akayed Ullah detonated an improvised pipe bomb that was strapped to their body .
Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) candidate Mriganka Singh , who was initially trailing against Tabassum Hasan of the Rashtriya Lok Dal ( RLD ) , has now started leading on the Lok Sabha seat of Kairana . The RLD has been backed by opposition parties Congress , Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party .
Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh . The BJP fielded Mriganka Singh , daughter of Singh , from the seat .
Following the party 's defeat in from Gorakhpur and Phulpur by-elections in Uttar Pradesh , the BJP had profusely campaigned for Kairana seat in Uttar Pradesh .
Repolling at 73 booths in Kairana Lok Sabha constituency was conducted on Wednesday and witnessed estimated voter turnout of 61 per cent . The Election Commission had ordered repolling at these polling stations in view of technical snags in EVM-VVPAT machines during the bye-election on Monday .
Around 80,000 voters were eligible to cast their votes at the booths where the repolling was held .
Opposition Samajwadi Party and Rashtriya Lok Dal as well as the ruling BJP had complained of electronic voting machines ( EVM ) malfunctioning at these booths . The repoll began at 7 am and ended at 5 pm in 23 polling stations at Nakur , 44 in Gangoh and one station at Thana Bhawan in Saharanpur and five in Shamli .
On Monday , 54 per cent polling was recorded in Kairana seat , which fell vacant following the death of BJP MP Hukum Singh , whose daughter Mriganka Singh is the saffron party candidate in the bypoll .
( With PTI inputs )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A police officer dubbed the 'King of Selfies ' was left baffled on Saturday after coming across an unusual scene in a car he 'd stopped .
Armed Response Vehicle Officer Harry Tangye , one of the most qualified members of Devon & Cornwall 's force – who recently filmed themselves in an unmarked BMW X5 travelling at 140mph – saw in the front seat of their latest call a duck in a bow tie , a dog , and an 'elderly ' man .
`` Police officer stops a car with a duck wearing a tie , a dog and an old man in it , '' Harry said on Twitter . `` That 's it . It happened . Really . It did . ''
Many of their followers questioned the validity of their tweet . Some quizzed the officer over whether he 'd totally imagined it all – and , importantly , whether they should be driving quickly around the West Country with a gun in tow .
But Harry shared a snap of Star and the dog a day later .
The thing is , while the scene might be unusual in most cases , in Devon it 's a relatively common occurrence . Harry is apparently unaware that the bird is famous .
As the duck fans among you will have probably already noticed , Harry has finally come across Star , the tie wearing , beer drinking , dog fighting duck .
Here they are with owner Barrie Hayman . They drink together .
( Image : SWNS )
Star shot to moderate fame in May 2015 after being pictured in a Tesco car park while wearing a bow tie . It was later revealed that owner Barrie , 71 , and their Indian runner duck were known in the North Devon area . Tourists are always excited to spot them .
Together , Barrie and Star sometimes perform on stage to raise money for charity .
Star 's celebrity was fully established after they got into a drunken brawl with a dog in a pub .
In October 2015 , the duck become an internet sensation after exchanging blows with Meggie – Barrie 's pooch – after sipping a little too much ale . At the time , Barrie feared that their duck 's showbiz career was over . Thankfully , they pulled through .
“ Star is a tough cookie and came out of it okay , '' Barrie said at the time . “ The vets are pleased . He 's bouncing back nicely . ”
Recent news :
Davies Group exec sees Enterprise Act nerves
Laura Board 15 February 2017
A top executive at outsourced claims handler Davies Group has noted widespread uncertainty among insurers ahead of the implementation of UK legislation that could penalise them for the late payment of claims .
Mark Grocott , who is property managing director and chief technology officer at Davies , was speaking to The Insurance Insider before the 4 May introduction of the Enterprise Act .
The new law will make insurers liable for additional losses if claims are n't settled within a `` reasonable '' period of time ...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article , then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Ever hear of how Neflix let go of many of its hardest-working employees in favor of those who most greatly impacted the company 's bottom line ?
From a young age , we 're raised to believe that we can accomplish pretty much anything so long as we work hard enough to achieve it . And , for the most part , that makes sense , at least intuitively . If you study for three hours while your roommate studies for one , you 'll probably do better on the test . If you spend 50 hours at work every week while your peer spends 30 , you 'll stand a better chance of getting a raise or a promotion .
This idea follows us at every stage of our lives , and it echoes a cornerstone belief of Western culture : As long as you work hard , you 're going to be successful . But there 's a problem with this philosophy : Hard work is n't always enough .
The Netflix approach
This idea is hard to accept at first , if you 're a hard worker who invests major time and effort to get what you want in life . Perhaps then , it 's best to introduce the alternative notion , using a corporate example .
Netflix ( yes , the company responsible for those late-night television binges ) has found success in part because it abolished the idea of hard work being the sole determining factor in an employee 's progression within the company .
Netflix formally introduced this idea in a 2009-slide deck explaining the company 's culture , but the idea dates back to 2001 . Since their departure from Netflix , the company 's former chief talent officer , Patty McCord , has been on podcasts and spoken in interviews about the rather different work ethic Neflix evolved .
After experiencing financial trouble in 2001 , the company made a bold move to lay off a third of its employees -- not based on how long they 'd worked there or how hard they 'd worked , but solely on what they contribute , and how they impact the company 's bottom line . This infuriated some long-time , hard-working employees , but those who remained ended up getting more done because they did n't have to correct others ' mistakes , or work around unnecessary teammates .
Even after that initial layoff , Netflix paid almost no attention to employees ' hard work . It allowed unlimited vacation time and flexible hours , focusing on results and innovation instead of the number of hours worked or the effort spent . This system resulted in the letting go of many employees who 'd worked hard and performed well . But it also resulted in the better performance of the company ( and , in many ways , in less stress for the remaining employees ) .
The problems with hard work
The Netflix example may seem harsh , especially if you 've based your career around working hard . What if you too were fired after a decade of putting in long hours and genuinely trying your best ?
Still , there are three main problems with hard work that an alternative culture or approach could correct :
`` Hard work '' does n't equal `` results . '' First off , hard work does n't necessarily correlate with results . For example , it does n't matter if you put 100 hours in to the design of your landing page ; if your site does n't convert , you may as well have spent one hour .
Hard work is n't efficient work . Next , consider that hard work is n't necessarily efficient work . If it takes the person next to you three hours to complete a task that you could have completed in an hour , that extra hard work may have actually cost the company unnecessary time and money .
Hard work does n't encourage innovation . Finally , focusing on hard work does n't encourage innovation or novelty . Instead , it encourages repetition and persistence . Those factors can be good , but you also need some drive to try new tactics , incorporate new ideas and learn new things in your life .
What to focus on Instead
None of this is meant to imply that hard work is n't valuable -- only that your hard work should be reserved for when it counts the most . So , as an individual ( whether you 're a professional or an entrepreneur ) , what should you be focusing on instead ?
Efficiency . Focus on your efficiency . Instead of spending more hours , emphasize doing more with the hours you already have . For example , you could automate certain processes , delegate work beneath your paygrade or find new strategies to accomplish more within a set time frame . You can also work on eliminating redundancies in your workflow , or on abandoning tasks , meetings , and projects that eat up your time unnecessarily .
Results . Focus on results , prioritizing the work that seems to yield the highest return on your time investment . What 's really going to help you succeed ? Reduce or eliminate anything that does n't fall in line with that vision , and do n't be afraid to make cuts .
Improvement . Focus on improving yourself and your surroundings . Instead of working hard on level one , spend some effort trying to get to level two . Invest in yourself , learning new skills and gaining new experiences , and invest in your environment by training your employees and making sure you have the best tools available for the job .
Hard work is incredibly valuable , but we should n't keep thinking of it as the most important factor for success . Instead , we should see it as one of many factors that can help us , but wo n't , in itself , necessarily save our businesses .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Morgan Freeman had an `` inappropriate '' sexual relationship with their step-granddaughter E'Dena Hines , claims the man accused of murdering them
The actor , 80 , and Hines , 33 , both previously dismissed rumours of a romantic relationship .
On Friday in court , Lamar Davenport 's lawyer Beth Unger alleged Hines `` disclosed to … Davenport and others that their grandfather engaged in a sexually inappropriate relationship with her , ” the New York Daily News and New York Post report .
The court heard that on July 3 , 2015 , about six weeks before they were stabbed to death outside their apartment in New York , Hines texted Davenport to tell them that they were having issues with an `` older man '' .
`` I do n't ask them for advice , '' Hines wrote . `` He was calling to ask me ... I blocked them for myself not for you because men who equal grandpa feelings do n't need to be in my life at all . ''
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Getty )
While texting , Davenport wrote to their girlfriend that `` when it comes to ... your grandfather , there 's a submissive love that will always be there . ''
Hollywood star Morgan was accompanied by E'Dena to the 2005 Golden Globes and worked with them on a number of films including the 2014 film 5 Flights Up .
The actor adopted E'Dena 's mother , Deena Adair , when they were married to their first wife Jeanette Adair Bradshaw between 1967 and 1979 .
Morgan and Hines both previously denied a romantic relationship had developed between them .
Freeman gave a statement to TMZ in 2012 that said : `` The recent reports of any pending marriage or romantic relationship of me to anyone are defamatory fabrications from the tabloid media designed to sell papers .
( Image : Rex )
`` What is even more alarming is that these fabrications are now being picked up by the legitimate press as well . ''
Hines concurred in their own statement : `` These stories about me and my grandfather are not only untrue , they are also hurtful to me and my family . ''
Hines was 33 when they were stabbed to death in Washington Heights . Them then boyfriend , Lamar Davenport , was charged with their murder .
Witnesses have been speaking at the trial in Manhattan 's Supreme court in front of judge Ellen N. Biben where Lamar , 33 , could face 25 years in prison if convicted .
Details of E'Dena 's murder reveal Lamar claims they were high on “ PCP ” ( an illegal , Class A hallucinogenic drug that can affect mood and was developed as an anaesthetic ) , while witnesses say they were rambling religious “ passages ” when E'Dena was stabbed 25 times in the chest , back and arm on August 16 , 2015 .
( Image : Enterprise News )
The New York Post reports that one witness claims Lamar was shouting : `` Get out , devils ! I cast you out , devils ! In the name of Jesus Christ , I cast you out ! ” while allegedly stabbing the actor .
While witness Jared Hamilton explained how they tried to pull Lamar off E'Dena during the fatal attack .
“ I tried to separate them , I grabbed them by the back of their belt and I pulled him , ” the witness told the court , but explained they lost grip and claims Lamar then launched at E'Dena again to continue stabbing them
Xavier Gardere - who called emergency services while witnessing the stabbing - also testified in court .
“ He mounted them They were just basically sitting on their hips , ” they said .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Facebook / Lamar Davenport )
“ She was kicking . They were struggling at the beginning . Really not too much toward the end , ” they added .
The accused - a rapper who has performed under the name Lyric in the past - is attempting to use insanity as a defines on the grounds their drug use caused them to kill .
Prosecutor Christopher Prevost argues the rapper is responsible , saying in court : `` Whatever the effects of PCP were on their motivations to attack ( Hines ) , their attack was purposeful , with the conscious objective to cause their death . ''
They added the intention to kill was clear : `` From when and how they stopped — with the final thrust of the knife into their heart . ''
Morgan Freeman expressed deep sadness following the death of their step-granddaughter after their killing , saying they showed the promise of becoming a great actor before their life was brutally cut short .
“ The world will never know their artistry and talent , and how much they had to offer , ” they said .
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) - Humanitarian needs in Congo have doubled over the last year as a result of worsening conflict , with 13 million people needing aid and over 2 million children suffering from `` severe acute malnutrition , '' the U.N. humanitarian chief said Monday .
Mark Lowcock told the U.N. Security Council that Congo is experiencing `` mushrooming epidemics including the worst outbreak of cholera in 15 years . ''
There is also `` an epidemic of sexual violence , most of it unreported and unaddressed , and much of it against children , '' they said .
Lowcock , who just returned from Congo , warned that unless the violence ends and there is a successful political transition following a long-delayed presidential election on Dec. 23 , `` these numbers will all increase . ''
Eastern Congo is home to armed groups and militias , many of whom have been vying for two decades for control of the region 's vast mineral resources .
Lowcock said almost 746,000 Congolese have fled the violence to neighboring countries , but the country is hosting more than 540,000 refugees from its neighbors .
They said `` the single largest impediment to the humanitarian response '' in Congo is underfunding .
Only half of the $ 812.5 million humanitarian appeal for 2017 was funded , but Lowcock said the U.N. and its humanitarian partners were still able to reach more than 4.2 million people .
This year , the U.N. has appealed for $ 1.7 billion to help 10.5 million people , they said .
Lowcock said the Netherlands , United Arab Emirates , European Union and United Nations will co-host the first-ever High-Level Humanitarian Conference on Congo in Geneva on April 13 .
They urged council members to encourage high-level participation and pledges at the conference , whose goal `` is to secure immediate and substantial financial contributions and to launch a multi-year campaign '' to support the country .
`` We also need solutions to address the root causes of the worsening crisis , including making progress on the political front and fair elections , '' Lowcock said .
`` We need Congo 's neighbors to behave responsibly , '' they said . `` And while the violence persists , all parties must take steps to protect civilians and civilian infrastructure . ''
SIMCOE -
Farmers are encountering mounting resistance from the province when it comes to livestock predation claims .
Some producers have gone out of business now that the Ministry of Agriculture and Food is rejecting 20 per cent of claims .
Haldimand-Norfolk MPP Toby Barrett , the Progressive Conservatives ' agriculture critic at Queen 's Park , raised the issue in the legislature last week .
“ One in five claims for predation kills are rejected by your staff , ” Barrett told Agriculture Minister Jeff Leal on Dec. 4 .
“ They do n't visit the scene , they 're not on the ground , even though you advocate for evidence-based decision-making . It has left livestock owners out in the cold . We hear of cases where a lamb or calf has been carted off by coyotes . There 's no evidence . There 's no blood . There 's no carcass .
“ Minister , I want to pin this down : Will you commit to creating a better system to compensate for predator kills ? For example , when a coyote eats the evidence ? ”
Leal replied that they are aware of the problem and is looking into better ways of administering the program .
“ When we have a program in place that is not working and is not meeting expectations , we commence a review , ” Leal said . “ That is the responsible way to conduct public policy in the province of Ontario . ”
The Livestock , Poultry and Honey Bee Protection Act entitles farmers to compensation when dogs or wildlife kill their animals .
Under this program , municipalities appoint inspectors to investigate livestock kills and file a report . Municipalities file these reports with the Ministry of Agriculture , which is responsible for providing compensation .
Larry Davis , of Burford , is Brant , Haldimand and Norfolk 's representative to the Ontario Federation of Agriculture . He 's also a long-serving livestock evaluator in Brant County .
Davis has noticed that it is taking the province longer to process loss claims . He 's also noticed that an increasing number of claims are rejected .
A big part of the problem is the increasing strength of the coyote population in southern Ontario . Farmers need to provide evidence that their livestock has been killed . Coyotes , however , are efficient predators and usually leave nothing behind .
“ I 've talked to farmers who 've been left with just a few pieces of hair , ” Davis said . “ That 's not enough to claim compensation . The government is in a tough spot here . The government has to take the word of farmers that their livestock has been attacked . ”
While out deer hunting this week , Davis noted six coyote sightings .
Davis spoke of a sheep farmer near Scotland who began the year with 40 head . Thanks to coyote predation , this farmer was able to bring two sheep to market and received compensation for the loss of two others . The remainder disappeared into the coyote food chain , forcing this farmer to find another line of work .
Farmers responding to the demand for free-range chickens and eggs also have been affected .
Foxes , weasels , coyotes and other predators will make short work of free-range poultry if given the opportunity . As with sheep and cattle , predators often leave little or no evidence behind that these birds ever existed .
Compensation for a dead calf ranges from $ 250 to $ 500 per animal . Sheep are in the range of $ 70 to $ 250 .
Davis knows of one farmer who bought two expensive calves for breeding purposes . Coyotes killed both . The farmer is seeking $ 6,000 per animal but has yet to hear back from the ministry .
“ Compensation claims are going back and forth too many times , ” Davis said . “ They always say they need more evidence . It 's frustrating for farmers . They ca n't wait weeks or months for compensation . It 's just not straightforward anymore . ”
MSonnenberg @ postmedia.com
Ex-Penguin Goalie , Capitals Find Redemption In Stanley Cup Final Rachel Martin talks to ESPN 's Greg Wyshynski about the unlikely matchup for the Stanley Cup Final : Las Vegas Golden Knights and Washington Capitals , and goalie Marc-Andre Fleury .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mesut Ozil has been urged to step up to the plate and fire Arsenal to the brink of the Champions League quarter-finals .
Martin Keown wants to see the playmaker deliver a big-game performance against Bayern Munich on Wednesday night , with Arsenal the overwhelming underdogs against their German opponents .
There is a perception that Ozil tends to go missing for the Gunners when the going gets tough , but Keown knows Arsenal 's record signing must be at their brilliant best if Arsene Wenger and co are to return from Bavaria with a positive result .
`` This is the perfect chance for Mesut Ozil to demonstrate their desire , '' Keown wrote in their Daily Mail column . `` He is going back to Germany where they are an iconic figure : a World Cup winner .
`` I do n't know whether responsibility sits well on their shoulders . Ozil looks as if they do not want to be burdened with the expectation of running and winning a game . Wenger needs to challenge their leading playmaker to step up .
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty )
( Photo : Getty )
`` He has delayed signing a new contract and there is talk they may leave but they have an opportunity to achieve something , now . ''
Arsenal boss Wenger is optimistic ahead of the two-legged last-16 encounter - despite seeing their side eliminated at the same stage by Bayern twice in the last four seasons .
Wenger said at Tuesday 's pre-match press conference : “ I feel we have experience . We play against a Bayern side who , every year , [ always ] have the same task , which is to win the Champions League .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Arsene Wenger and Laurent Koscielny speak ahead of Bayern Munich tie Share this video Watch Next
“ When you look at their record , they are always basically in the last four . So it is a massive challenge , but we are capable of dealing with it .
“ We have an advantage to play the second game at home . But we know every minute of tomorrow 's game will have a big influence on our chances at home to knock them out .
“ We had very difficult teams in our group stage – we had Paris Saint-Germain , who are one of the favourites as well , and we could deal with them [ Arsenal did not beat PSG , both games were drawn , but did win the group ] .
( Photo : Alexander Hassenstein )
( Photo : Bongarts/Getty )
`` Let 's focus on what we want to do and not too much on what people say and think . It is really down to our performance .
“ Thank you for reminding me of the bad history , but let 's focus on the future .
`` We just have to focus on the performance . We know we play against Bayern , who basically listening to you , is favourite . That means we have to be very positive and be on the fighting front and the playing front at the level that is requested tomorrow . ”
In this video , Entrepreneur Network partner Patrick Bet-David sits down with one of their childhood heroes , basketball and business legend Magic Johnson . Johnson talks about growing up in Michigan , life as a Laker , how to balance your personal life and what it takes to succeed in business .
To learn trade secrets from Magic Johnson , click play .
Watch more YouTube videos from Bet-David on their channel and check out their new book Drop Out And Get Schooled .
Related : The 10 Dumbest Mistakes Entrepreneurs Make With Their Money
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire , Roku and Apple TV .
The real takeaway here is that this will really give me the fire in the belly I need to fight the good fight against the National Rifle Association , climate change denial , institutionalized sexism ( UGH , the WORST ) , and , of course , that sick loser in the White House . You should all come to the party I am going to throw to celebrate putting an end to their sorry careers . Do n't think about what I did , continuously , over decades . Think about this RAD PARTY ! We will sell T-shirts that say “ FEMINIST ” on them . We will sell all kinds of things like that . There definitely will not be a snake pit .
Start Slideshow
Brought to you by Glassdoor
There 's more than enough advice out there about what you should do when you land a job and want to jumpstart a successful career : Show up on time , do what you say you 'll do , and be curious ( among other great suggestions ) .
But have you ever wondered if there was a list of things you definitely should not do ?
As it turns out , your HR manager has a list like that ! And to get some insight on what 's likely on that list , we connected with Kate Kastenbaum , seasoned HR Director at Certain , Inc .
If you 're trying to figure out which behaviors will get you ahead at work – and which you should avoid at all cost – here 's are six slides of things you should never do on the job .
Related : Looking to Streamline Your Job Search ? Consider These 10 Job Search Hacks .
Amazon Wants To Deliver Packages Inside Your Car
Enlarge this image toggle caption Amazon Amazon
From the company that brought you the option of letting a courier inside your home comes a new service : package delivery inside your car .
Amazon is expanding its in-home delivery service called Key to include deliveries to trunks and back seats of cars . The service is available only to Amazon Prime members in 37 cities who have a 2015 or newer Chevrolet , Buick , GMC , Cadillac or Volvo with an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account .
Essentially , these are already connected cars that can be remotely unlocked — in this case for package delivery , which Amazon promises within a four-hour window . The shopper has to confirm that they 've parked within range of the delivery location — in a publicly accessible area — and can track the progress through the Amazon Key app .
Amazon has devoted much effort to figuring out how to stop its packages from being stolen from porches and public spaces , which is costing the company a pretty penny . With in-car service , Amazon can use shoppers ' cars as secure mail drop boxes .
This is also the extension of Amazon 's ongoing effort to come up with new ways to lure customers into its universe with convenience and speed . Early on , it was free two-day shipping for people who pay a monthly or yearly Prime subscription . Then came Internet-connected buttons that auto-order a specific item and shopping via voice commands to a smart home device . Now , it 's remotely controlled , app-connected locks on houses and cars to let couriers inside .
In February , Amazon bought Ring , a smart-doorbell maker that can stream audio and video a phone , which followed the launch of the company 's own Internet-connected home security camera called Cloud Cam . Amazon has pitched the camera and its Amazon Key app for use not just for in-home deliveries , but also keyless entry for a growing number of home-service providers that can be hired through Amazon , such as dog walkers and house cleaners .
Most of the special services appeal to Prime subscribers , a membership service that typically costs $ 99 a year in the U.S. — one that Amazon is aggressively growing . Last week , for the first time , CEO Jeff Bezos disclosed that the number of Prime subscribers topped 100 million .
General Motors ' OnStar and Volvo On Call are also subscription services , which tend to come with some free-of-charge periods but can run up to $ 350 a year .
NPR 's Sonari Glinton contributed to this report .
Sats dates in the 2017/18 academic year
The key stage 1 test period is in May , with phonics screening check week beginning Monday 11 June 2018 .
Key stage 2
Monday 14 May : English grammar , punctuation and spelling papers 1 and 2
Tuesday 15 May : English reading
Wednesday 16 May : Maths papers 1 and 2
Thursday 17 May : Maths paper 3
Science sampling tests
Schools selected for science sampling must be able to administer the tests in the fortnight after Monday 4 June 2018 .
2018 to 2019 academic year
The key stage 1 test period is in May 2019 , with the phonics screening check week commencing Monday 10 June .
Key stage 2 tests will be from Monday 13 to Thursday 16 May 2019 . There will be no science sampling for the 2018/29 academic year .
Who takes SATs
Key Stage 1 SATs are in year 2 : maths and English ( reading , spelling , punctuation and grammar ) . These will be optional for schools from 2023 . Key Stage 2 SATs are in year 6 for English , maths and can also include science . Results are known before the children leave for secondary school .
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used . By continuing to use this website , you consent to our cookie collection . More information about how we collect cookies is found here .
ISLAMABAD : Caretaker Prime Minister Nasir-ul-Mulk has expressed the hope that the assistance of Army personnel during general elections will complement efforts to ensure smooth and peaceful conduct of the exercise .
Chairing a meeting of Defense Ministry in Islamabad on Wednesday , they appreciated the important role of the ministry towards defense of the country .
Secretary Defense Zamir-ul-Hassan Shah on the occasion gave a detailed briefing on working of the ministry .
They also briefed the prime minister about deployment of the Army personnel during the elections .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If you need to know whodunnit this summer then Cambridge is the place to be – as some of the world 's leading Agatha Christie experts descend on the city .
Lucy Cavendish College is set to host the city 's first academic conference celebrating the prolific author , with scholars , fans and fellow writers coming together to try and unravel the mysteries behind some of the best-loved crime fiction of all time .
Agatha Christie : A Reappraisal has been organised by Dr Jamie Bernthal , associate lecturer at Middlesex University , and final-year PhD student Mia Dormer .
It will see scholars and non-academics gather for two days in June , to discuss all aspects of Christie 's extensive canon .
The organisers hope the event , which is now in its fourth year and is open to the public , will appeal to a wide range of people .
Mia said : “ We have accepted submissions already , and in terms of the papers themselves they are really diverse , people coming from all over the world .
“ But we 're hoping for a lot of people who have n't been to one of our conferences before , and a lot of diversity – there 's not just academics , but a lot of fan-based papers being discussed as well . ”
A specialist in forensic detective fiction based at Exeter University , Mia attended Dr Bernthal 's first conference , and has now helped to organise three more .
They said : “ It was my first academic conference and I was a little bit nervous .
“ But it was such a lovely experience . I 'd never met such a wonderful diverse group of people . They are always so enthusiastic and supportive . ”
This year 's event has been organised with Cambridge-based author Sophie Hannah , a former Cambridge University fellow who was selected by the Christie estate to write two new Hercule Poirot novels .
Mia said : “ We are very excited that Sophie Hannah is quite involved , they know Cambridge very well , and it 's thanks to them that we are holding it here . ”
Regarded by Guinness World Records as the best-selling author of all time , Christie wrote 66 detective novels , as well as romance , poetry and several plays .
For a long time their work was overlooked by academia , but the conference organisers hope to firmly establish ‘ Christie Studies ' as an academic discipline in its own right , extending across and beyond the humanities .
Mia , who regards Christie as their favourite author , said their work was often under-appreciated .
“ I think they always had a very timeless quality , and a lot of depth , ” they said .
“ When you first read an Agatha Christie novel , in the first instance it 's always very gripping , you never know what 's going to happen .
“ Then if you go back and re-read it years later you are always surprised , there is always something new you can find .
“ Some people over the years have said they are a little but simplistic , but that 's not the case .
“ The more you look into their work the more you can find , from integrating places they visited to their characters , across politics , gender and queer theory , which is Jamie 's specific field . ”
The conference takes place on June 19 and 20 , with public registration details due to be announced shortly .
Confirmed speakers include Dr Merja Makinen , author of Agatha Christie : Investigating Femininity , and former Corpus Christi fellow Julius Green , who wrote the introduction to HarperCollins ' 60th anniversary edition of The Mousetrap and Other Plays .
For more information , see here .
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
ISIS Claims Responsibility In Turkish Nightclub Attack ; U.S. Man Among The Wounded
Enlarge this image toggle caption Emrah Gurel/AP Emrah Gurel/AP
The Islamic State issued a statement on Monday saying it was responsible for the attack on a New Year 's Eve celebration at a nightclub in Istanbul , Turkey , in which at least 39 people were killed .
The ISIS-linked Amaq News Agency published the statement :
`` In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross , Turkey , a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday . ''
NPR 's Peter Kenyon reports the ISIS claim has n't been verified .
On Sunday , Peter reported that Turkish officials identified several possible culprits for the shooting , including the Islamic State , Kurdish militants or far-left groups .
Turkey 's state-run news agency says that nearly two-thirds of the people killed were foreign nationals .
Club goers from Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Iraq , Lebanon and France are thought to have been killed .
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Funerals for some of the Turkish victims began on Sunday .
A 19-year-old Arab-Israeli woman was killed in the attack . Peter reports that their father warned them not to go but they insisted — wanting to be with my friends .
Nearly 70 people were wounded in the attack , among them a 35-year-old business person from Delaware , according to the State Department .
WCAU-TV reports that Michael Raak of South Philadelphia says their brother , William Jacob Raak , called on New Year 's Eve to say they had been shot in the leg .
The search for the attacker , who has not yet been identified , is still underway , says Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu . Police believe they carried out the attack alone .
The Associated Press reports :
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan . Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks .
NPR 's Peter Kenyon reported on Weekend All Things Considered that Turkey 's prime minister says the attacker left their weapon at the scene and fled in the chaotic aftermath .
At Reina , one of Istanbul 's most popular nightclubs , it 's believed some 500 to 600 revelers were celebrating the start of the new year .
Reuters reports that the attacker shot at a police officer and at civilians before entering the nightclub . Many insides were said to have jumped into the neighboring Bosphorus waterway in an attempt to save themselves from the gunfire .
The U.N. Security Council condemned the attack in a statement — calling it a `` heinous and barbaric terrorist attack . ''
Both the White House and State Department condemned the attack .
The assault on the nightclub comes just two weeks after Russian ambassador Andrei Karlov was shot dead by off-duty Turkish police officer Mevlut Mert Altintas and three weeks after a bomb attack killed 44 people at a football stadium in Istanbul . A Kurdish militant group claimed responsibility for the latter .
Turkey , which is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State , has faced numerous security threats . In all , there were at least six attacks in Turkey in 2016 , claiming more than 200 lives .
Fishermen Say They Were Misled About Brexit Vote Many British fishermen voted to leave the European Union , hoping they would get more control over fishing rights in British waters . But as Brexit negotiations drag on , that hope is fading .
Over 50 % of South African workers are living below the breadline of R992 per person , per month . Government is addressing this by implementing a new income benchmark of R3500 as a minimum wage . Experts believe it 's a step in the right direction to help alleviate poverty , but some trade unions say this will only help entrench existing conditions for low-income employees . Can the majority of South African workers really survive on this minimum wage ?
Producer : Sophia Phirippides
Presenter : Macfarlane Moleli
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter 's ultimate wrap star
NIAGARA , N.Y. ( AP ) — Jamaal King scored 26 points , including the go-ahead 3-pointer in overtime , Keith Braxton added 24 points to go with 12 rebounds and St. Francis ( Pa. ) edged past Niagara for a 93-87 win Sunday .
St. Francis ( 4-5 ) opened the extra period with King 's 3 , their second of the game , to spark a 7-0 burst that made it 85-78 and put the Red Flash in front for good .
Niagara ( 4-6 ) trimmed the gap back to four , 91-87 , with its final bucket of the game , a 3-pointer from James Towns , but King stretched the advantage back to six with a pair of free throws with nine seconds to go and St. Francis hung on .
Andre Wolford finished with 16 points for St. Francis , which shot 52 percent from the field , including 8 of 15 from long range , and controlled the glass 43-35 .
Kahlil Dukes led Niagara with 25 points and 11 assists , Matt Scott added 22 points — including the layup at the end of regulation to tie the game at 78 and force OT — and Dominic Robb had 17 points .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Stock Market Takes A Plunge After a series of record increases , the stock market took a serious tumble this week . The main cause appears to be new worries about inflation .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A cockroach infestation has forced a hospital to close a kitchen used to provide meals for staff and visitors .
Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport , Greater Manchester , has had to take the unusual step after restaurant staff found the insects in the kitchen .
Hot food is no longer being served from the kitchen until the problem , described as a `` small number '' of the pests , is eradicted .
An 'essential deep clean ' will now be carried out at the hospital .
The canteen serves food for staff and visitors , but is separate from the kitchen used to cook patients ' meals - which is unaffected , hospital bosses said .
( Image : Getty Images )
Environmental health officers from Stockport Council were also called in and are said to be working with the hospital and the contractor who runs the cafe to deal with the problem .
A spokesperson for Stockport NHS Foundation Trust , which runs Stepping Hill , told the Manchester Evening News : “ We have closed our restaurant kitchen for deep cleaning after pests were found .
`` The restaurant is for staff and visitors , and is separate to the kitchen for our patients .
“ The kitchen for our patients is in a different location and has not been affected . Sandwiches , hot and cold drinks are still available in our restaurant . We can not yet confirm when the restaurant kitchen will open for hot food .
“ We take food hygiene very seriously , and are working with environmental health officers and the retail contractor who runs our restaurant to ensure we can serve hot meals to staff and visitors as soon as possible . ”
( Image : MEN Media )
The hospital 's main kitchen , which produces patients ' meals , has not been affected and is operating as normal .
A message on the Stepping Hill website says the restaurant is currently not serving hot food ‘ due to essential deep cleaning ' .
It adds : “ We will open the restaurant for hot food as soon as possible . Sandwiches , hot and cold drinks will be available . We apologise for any inconvenience . ”
The restaurant was given a five out of five ‘ very good ' rating following its last food hygiene inspection in April , last year .
A Stockport Council spokesperson said : “ Following a complaint to the Council visits were carried out to Stepping Hill Hospital by the Council 's Environmental Health Team . ] '' The visits indicated that cockroaches were present in the restaurant kitchen . The affected areas were closed by the hospital whilst a deep clean took place .
“ A re-visit will take place and a decision will then be made about re-opening the kitchen areas .
`` The Council 's Environmental Heath Officers are working with the hospital and the restaurant operator to resolve the situation as soon as possible .
`` This was a complaint visit rather than a formal food standards inspection , so no food standards inspection report would have been completed . ”
PESHAWAR : Following the terrorist attack in Mohmand Agency , the Frontier Corps ( FC ) launched a search operation in Ghalanai area and killed five militants .
A spokesperson for the FC said the search operation was carried out in Sheikh Banda , a suburban area of Ghalanai town in Mohmand Agency .
It was conducted after a suicide blast in Ghalanai , which left at least five people , including three security forces personnel , dead early on Wednesday .
An encounter took place between terrorists and FC personnel during the raid , the spokesperson said , in which five terrorists were killed .
Last week on Saturday Feb. 4 the pub hosted the Caravan of Glam , a traveling drag show group . This week we asked students , how do you feel about these sorts of performances on campus ?
“ I feel like this sort of performances on our campus is a really wonderful way for us to express our diversity and I like having a variety of performances that students can be exposed to and can enjoy. ” -Sarah Wilbur , biological sciences , graduate student
“ I ca n't go to the pub but a drag show just sounds kind of dumb , I think it 's stupid. ” –Shane Ohms , civil engineering , junior
“ I think they 're awesome , I think they offer students perspectives that they may not have from where they come from . They get to see entertainment that 's national entertainment . These people have been on multiple shows . One of the new performers actually was on American Idol and the others were on America 's Got Talent so the Pub does a great job bringing world class talent to Fairbanks which is sometimes starving for things to do . They offer people to see that things like gender are n't just male and female and it can expand a whole spectrum of what gender means and what entertainment can be too , they sing they dance , they perform. ” -Troy Poulsen , communications and dispute resolution , graduate student
“ I think it 's fine . People have the freedom to do whatever they feel is appropriate. ” -Josh Fontana , english and philosophy , senior
“ I do n't mind watching drag 'cause I like watching makeup tutorials . And one of my favorite youtubers is a guy , and they put on makeup and they talk about the drag scene a lot and its really interesting to hear about it. ” -Kimberly Pikok , wildlife biology and conservation , first-year student
“ I do n't really go to the pub cause its does n't really follow my religious beliefs . I do n't really drink , so I 'm not really for it as far as myself but if other people want to do that I think that 's their business , so that 's up to them. ” -Merry Verhagen , elementary education , junior
“ If people want to go to it they can go . It 's not going to affect me if I do n't go or if I do go ” -Jolie Murray , civil engineering , sophomore
What 's Up , Pence ? Second Family 's Rabbit Makes Children 's Book Debut
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
You 've heard of POTUS .
You 've heard of FLOTUS .
But have you heard of BOTUS ?
That would be BUNNY of the United States . Real name : Marlon Bundo . Bundo for short .
The little black-and-white bunny — named after Marlon Brando — belongs to the Vice President Pence 's daughter Charlotte , and lives with the second family at the Naval Observatory in Washington , D.C .
Monday , Bundo is out with their first book : Marlon Bundo 's A Day in the Life of the Vice President . It 's published by the children 's arm of Regnery Publishing , which specializes in conservative books .
Technically , Bundo themselves did not author this book — that was Charlotte ( `` Mom '' ) . Second lady Karen Pence ( `` Grandma '' ) , a former art teacher , did the watercolor illustrations .
But Bundo is the star . In the book , they follow `` Grampa '' ( Vice President Pence ) around Washington — to meetings with the president in the Oval Office and to the Senate , and contemplates a painting of their home state of Indiana , and a Bible verse , Jeremiah 29:11 : `` For I know the plans I have for you , plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you hope and a future . ''
Bundo got their name when Charlotte , then a film student , needed a rabbit to star in one of their movies , and brought them home . They were apparently a natural on camera , which is now paying off in their new role as celebrity pet .
They first appeared on the scene in May 2017 , when the vice president and second lady brought them along to an event at the White House , honoring military families . They immediately upstaged the Pences , especially among the younger crowd .
At the time , Karen Pence told the kids gathered around , `` Marlon is kind of famous because they are the first bunny to ever ride on Air Force 2 . ''
The bunny is also on Twitter ( @ realmarlonbundo — you 'll know them by the telltale red baseball cap ) and has more than 18,800 followers on Instagram .
Given all of that , it 's probably safe to say he 's the most famous of the Pence family 's pets , but he 's not the only one . Bundo currently shares the vice presidential residence with a puppy and a kitten — Harley and Hazel — both adopted in recent months , after the Pences lost their beagle , Maverick , and two cats , Oreo and Pickle . There is also a snake named Sapphira .
It remains to be seen if Harley , Sapphira or Hazel will get books of their own .
For now , it 's Bundo who 's hopping into the children 's book world . They join presidential pets Socks and Buddy , who also have a book — authored by then-first lady Hillary Clinton : Dear Socks , Dear Buddy : Kids Letters To The First Pets .
Proceeds from Marlon Bundo 's A Day in the Life of the Vice President will go to an art therapy program called Tracy 's Kids and a nonprofit , A21 , that 's working to end slavery and human trafficking .
It 's unclear if Marlon Bundo is going on the book tour , but they certainly seem eager to read the story of their adventures .
Yet even Bundo has not escaped controversy . Sitting at the top of the Amazon Best Sellers list Monday was a parody of the Bundo book by HBO 's Last Week Tonight with John Oliver ( the original book is several spots lower on the list ) . Oliver 's version `` explores issues of same-sex marriage and democracy '' ; Pence has a history of criticism from the LGBT community and advocates . Proceeds from this book will go to The Trevor Project and AIDS United .
In a statement to CNN , the publisher of Pence 's book said , `` It 's unfortunate that anyone would feel the need to ridicule an educational children 's book and turn it into something controversial and partisan . ''
The Russian government , media , and public do n't know what to make of the US Treasury 's “ Kremlin list. ” The Treasury list contains the names of the top echelon of Russian government and business leadership . The Russians understand that the list is unfriendly and furthers Washington 's policy of worsening the relationship between the two major nuclear powers , but beyond that the list seems to be a mystery to them .
President Putin has joked that they are disappointed to have been left off the list . Putin was left off for a reason . The list is directed at him .
On January 30 , I explained four of the main reasons for the list .
Here are two more important reasons for the list :
The list is an implicit threat against the business interests of Russian oligarchs , and they understand that . Reports are that many lobbied Washington to get off the list . By suggesting that Washington could curtail the oligarchs ' travel to the West , seize their Western-based assets , and prevent Americans and Europeans from doing business with their companies , Washington is telling them to remove their support from President Putin . Washington intends to use the Western-funded NGOs and media in Russia to interfere in the upcoming Russian elections . Washington does not want Putin to have the smashing victory that is expected . It is difficult to make a monster out of a person who has higher public support than any American president in history . The list is an intended insult to Russia and to President Putin . As a result of Putin 's low-key response to past provocations , Washington anticipated , correctly , no response from Putin to Washington 's insult to the entire political and economic leadership of Russia . The unanswered insult thus becomes Washington 's way of displaying its hegemony over Putin and Russia .
The lack of a meaningful Russian response will encourage more insults and actual sanctions against Putin 's supporters , which will cause some of them to separate from Putin in order to protect their own economic and career interests . In the past Washington has used sanctions in efforts to deprive leaders of public support . With the Kremlin list , Washington has changed its tactics and is targeting the reputations and economic interests of the leadership class . The list is Washington 's attempt to deprive Putin of the support of the top echelon of government and business leaders . The list is a bullet aimed at Putin 's heart .
Consider the audacity of US Treasury Secretary Mnuchin , a person regarded by many as a devious financial gangster who did great harm to many Americans , issuing a list that suggests the US government is going to take some kind of punitive action against the Prime Minister of Russia , against the Foreign Minister of Russia , against the Defense Minister of Russia .
Such a list is a way of telling Russia that Washington regards Russia as one of Trump 's “ shithole countries. ” The list tells Russia that Washington is never going to take any consideration of any Russian interest and that Russia will continue to be punished until it submits to Washington 's hegemony , like the UK , Germany , France , Scandinavia , Japan , Canada , Australia , Italy , Spain , and the rest of the servile Western puppet states . As George W. Bush declared ,
“ You are with us or against us . ”
Being with us means you do as you are told . Russia can either do as they are told or fight . Russia has no other choice .
*
This article was originally published by Paul Craig Roberts Institute for Political Economy .
Featured image is from Madhouse News .
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Dr. Paul Craig Roberts , Global Research , 2018
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/the-kremlin-list-is-a-bullet-aimed-at-putins-heart/5628039
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Megan Macey gets a shock in next week 's Emmerdale when Frank Clayton proposes to them
What should be a happy moment is ruined as Megan has been up to no good and cheated on Frank with another villager .
While romantic Frank was planning their big proposal , Megan was kissing Graham Foster as they finally acted on their mutual attraction .
Megan gets the wrong end of the stick when they hear Frank , who cheated on them with Charity Dingle , whispering to someone .
They assume the worst of the former love rat when the lies start to build up , unaware that they are speaking to a jeweller about an expensive engagement ring .
Furious Megan loses their rag and starts chopping up Frank 's clothes to get revenge as she 's totally convinced they are cheating on them
During another cosy 'business ' meeting with Graham , who confesses he 's an alcoholic to her , there 's a charged moment .
With all thoughts of Frank gone from their head , Megan leans in for a saucy snog with Joe Tate 's sidekick .
But they instantly realise the impulsive act was wrong and dashes off to return home to Frank .
Meanwhile , Tracy confronts their dad about the cheating allegations and they clear up the situation .
Megan 's shocked when Frank explains they are n't cheating before producing a small black box and a bouquet of flowers .
They get down on one knee to propose - but what will Megan 's answer be ?
Later , in The Woolpack toilets , Megan tries to stop their secret from spreading and asks Graham to keep what happened between them a secret .
But their little kiss does n't stay that way for long as soon someone else discovers what happened .
* Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7pm
Freecharge presently has a revenue of about Rs80 crore . Photo : Mint
New Delhi : Axis Bank Ltd on Friday said it has completed the acquisition of mobile wallet firm Freecharge and appointed Sangram Singh as its CEO .
“ Pursuant to the receipt of approval for the said transaction from the Reserve Bank of India , the bank has completed the acquisition of Freecharge for a cash consideration of Rs373.27 crore , on a cash free , debt free basis , ” Axis Bank said in a regulatory filing to stock exchanges .
Sangram Singh has been appointed as the CEO of Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt . Ltd , it said .
The bank had in July announced plans to acquire Freecharge subject to receipt of requisite regulatory approvals . Axis Banks had said the acquisition will double the customer base of the bank and leapfrog its digital journey by multiple years .
Freecharge presently has a revenue of about Rs80 crore . Snapdeal had bought Freecharge in April 2015 for an estimated $ 400 million or over Rs2,500 crore at current rates .
At that time , this was touted as the largest deal in the nascent start-up ecosystem in India . Acquisition gives Axis Bank access to about 52 million mobile wallet holders of Freecharge as well as about 150 to 200 professionals .
Another Win For Adele ? Dog Named For Them Song Is Tops At Westminster
Enlarge this image toggle caption Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds , too .
Rumor was crowned America 's top dog Tuesday night when , a year after a near miss , they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club .
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden , and clearly the crowd favorite , she 's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877 .
`` Unbelievable , '' handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said .
In a year that 's seen lots of late , startling twists in sports — think Patriots , Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker . She 'd been at home in Wisconsin for months , a house pet headed toward having puppies , when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January .
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers . Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize , heck , that 's a dog world Hail Mary .
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound , a Pekingese , a miniature poodle , an Irish setter , a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring . The Irish setter called Adrian finished second .
`` The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility , '' judge Thomas Bradley III said . `` When you recognize it , it hits you at home , and that 's what it really is . They are just magnificent . ''
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song `` Rumor Has It . '' This was the 104th career win for Rumor , and earlier in the day , Boyles said that this would definitely , for real , be their last major show .
`` She 's going to be relaxing for a while , '' Boyles said after the win , but ultimately , there are `` puppies in their future . ''
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden .
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition , spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — No country has officially accused Russia of violating the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty ( INF ) , Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Wednesday , noting Moscow 's continued commitment to the 1987 accord .
`` Nobody officially accused Russia of violating the INF Treaty , '' Peskov told reporters . `` Of course Russia was and remains committed to its international obligations , including in the framework of the agreement . ''
US media reported Tuesday that Russia deployed ground-based nuclear cruise missiles in purported violation of the Russia-US agreement that prohibits the development , testing or fielding of ground-based cruise missiles with a range of 300 to 3,400 miles .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
James Argent has confessed they are the Ken Barlow of The Only Way Is Essex ahead of the brand-new series .
Arg admitted they are n't the King of Essex but compared their long stay on the ITVBe show to that of the Coronation Street veteran .
The pair certainly have a few things in common , including a love of the ladies , and modest Arg claimed there would be no TOWIE without him .
Speaking ahead of Sunday night 's season opener , Arg also revealed their current relationship status with on/off lover Gemma Collins .
( Image : ITV Picture Desk )
`` I would n't say I was the King of Essex , I would say I was the Ken Barlow of TOWIE ! I 'm the king in terms of longevity , '' said Arg .
`` As long as the show runs , I 'll still be on it . There 's no TOWIE without Arg . ''
The lothario 's passion for the show is still strong after eight years but Arg admits they have changed over that time .
They said : `` I 've matured into a nice , caring young man . I 'd like to think that I 'm still very similar to how I was when the show started . I 'm still humble , friendly and me . ''
( Image : ITV Picture Desk )
Arg believes their relationship with the GC is one of the great TOWIE romances despite their constant arguments .
`` I think me and Gemma is the greatest TOWIE love story , because of the ups and downs , '' said Arg as they spoke about what viewers can expect .
`` I 'm sure it will be a rollercoaster as per usual but the plan is for us to run smoothly and for us to see how our relationship unfolds . Our current relationship is happy , close but still up in the air . The best of friends , she 's my bestie . ''
* The Only Way Is Essex starts on Sunday on ITVBe at 9pm
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site . By continuing to use this website , you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The boss of data firm Cambridge Analytica has been accused of lying to Parliament over their company 's use of data harvested from Facebook .
But the academic at the centre of the row over the use of personal data claims their work would have been no good for targeted political advertising .
Dr Aleksandr Kogan , who gave the personal information of millions of Facebook users to controversial election consultancy Cambridge Analytica in 2014 , told MPs that personality scores they gave to the company were `` highly inaccurate '' and `` made little sense '' for political advertising .
`` The idea that this data is accurate , I would say , is scientifically ridiculous . The idea that even if you had a lot more data you could make it super accurate is also pretty silly , '' they said , appearing before the Digital , Culture , Media and Sport select committee on Tuesday .
( Image : REUTERS )
Dr Kogan insisted that Facebook 's tools were capable of helping campaign groups send targeted advertising without the need for more specific information about people 's personalities .
In written evidence supplied to the committee before their appearance they wrote : `` The Facebook ads platform provides tools and capability to run targeted ads with little need for our work - in fact , the platform 's tools provide companies a far more effective pathway to target people based on their personalities than using scores from users from our work . ''
CA parent company SCL paid Dr Kogan hundreds of thousands of pounds to harvest data from Facebook using a personality survey , which they then processed to make predictions about personality under the company name Global Science Research .
Asked what the value of the work they did for SCL was , Dr Kogan replied : `` Based on what we know now , nothing . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
CA executives and whistleblowers have previously insisted on the value and effectiveness of their work .
In secret filming by Channel 4 News released in March , CA executives boasted about profiling voters to help politicians target them with social media adverts .
Former CA employees Christopher Wylie and Brittany Kaiser have told the inquiry the company helped Donald Trump and Ted Cruz 's 2016 election campaigns , as well as the Brexit campaign group Leave.EU .
Leave.EU denies the claims but pro-Brexit groups Vote Leave and BeLeave , as well as the DUP and Veterans for Britain , spent large portions of their campaign budgets with Aggregate IQ , a company linked to CA which carries out similar work .
Mr Wylie told the inquiry Aggregate IQ `` absolutely '' had access to the data collected by Dr Kogan , and the company `` blasted '' a small number of voters with political adverts on social media during the EU referendum .
( Image : PA )
Earlier in the hearing , Dr Kogan accused former CA chief executive Alexander Nix of lying in their evidence to the committee in February .
Committee chairperson Damian Collins asked Dr Kogan to verify answers from Mr Nix about data collected by their company , Global Science Research , and given to CA .
Mr Collins said : `` I said to ( Mr Nix ) 'Does any of your data come from Global Science Research ? ' And they said no . ''
`` That 's a fabrication , '' replied Dr Kogan .
Mr Collins continued : `` I said 'They have not supplied you with data or information ? ' And they said , no . ''
`` Total fabrication , '' Dr Kogan replied .
They also cast doubt on the evidence of Mr Wylie , who presented large amounts of evidence about CA to the committee and testified in March .
`` Mr Wylie has invented many things , '' Dr Kogan claimed .
`` By March 2015 we had begun to suspect that Mr Wylie may not be the most reputable person in the world , '' they said , calling them `` duplicitous '' .
Facebook 's chief technical officer , Mike Schroepfer , will give evidence to the inquiry on Thursday .
Facebook Cracks Down On 30,000 Fake Accounts In France
Facebook is targeting 30,000 fake accounts linked to France that are being used to spread fake news , spam , hoaxes and misinformation . The company said it is trying to `` reduce the spread of material generated through inauthentic activity , including spam , misinformation , or other deceptive content that is often shared by creators of fake accounts . ''
Shriram Transport Finance fell over 19 % during the day , before closing 11.83 % lower at ₹1,144.85 on Wednesday .
Mumbai : Shares of Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd tanked on Wednesday after its annual report revealed a large corporate guarantee to a group holding company .
Shriram Transport Finance fell over 19 % during the day , before closing 11.83 % lower at ₹1,144.85 .
The company 's 2017-18 annual report showed that it has an outstanding corporate guarantee of ₹870 crore to SVL Ltd , formerly Shriram Industrial Holdings Ltd , the unlisted holding company of non-financial businesses of the Shriram group .
SVL had issued ₹650 crore of zero coupon non-convertible debentures ( NCDs ) in June 2015 , maturing on 28 June 2019 . Outstanding guarantee of ₹870 crore as on 18 March includes accrued interest , disclosure around the guarantee . SVL invests in infrastructure , engineering procurement and construction and renewable power .
Analysts said the balance sheet exposure is a potential risk . “ With SVL/subsidiaries likely under financial stress , NCD repayment may be an issue . Other group companies could aid in repayment , but if guarantee is invoked and liability devolves on Shriram Transport Finance Ltd , its book value may be hit by 4-5 % . Additional provision may be needed under IndAS , but we await clarity , ” said Jefferies in a note on 3 July .
However , Jefferies has retained buy rating on the stock , though the company 's non-funded exposure is a negative . The research firm is also constructive on its commercial vehicles outlook . It believes strong loan growth , stable net interest margin and falling credit costs should drive 42 % EPS CAGR and 80bps return on asset ( ROA ) expansion over FY18-20 .
According to Morgan Stanley , the exposure could hurt its FY19 earnings per share ( EPS ) by up to 21 % and increase FY19 credit costs by up to 85 basis points . It warned that this could delay the earnings recovery and re-rating at the stock , which could weigh on the stock 's near-term performance .
“ Shriram EPC has been referred to NCLT and , hence , there is a meaningful risk of this balance sheet exposure becoming a liability for Shriram Transport Finance Company…We await more clarity from the company on the exposure and potential coping measures . IND AS reporting beginning Q1FY19 should likely help crystallise the impact as early as Q1FY19 , ” Morgan Stanley said in a note on 3 July .
Meanwhile , the company said in a press statement that apart from this corporate guarantee , it has not extended any fresh guarantee for SVL Ltd and the corporate guarantee is secured by pledge of shares of SVL Ltd . It added that the guarantee was duly approved by the board of directors of Shriram Transport Finance and was appropriately disclosed in the documents available in public domain .
“ The promoters of Shriram Transport Finance Company are also addressing the above with SVL Group to get the settlement of dues on or before the due date , failing which , the promoters/promoter group of our company will address through alternate mechanisms to settle the dues , ” the company statement said .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Our hamstrung army now has just 60,000 troops available for front-line action – the lowest number since the First World War .
Documents reveal that of our 77,467 trained soldiers , as many as 17,054 have been medically downgraded .
Among them are 7,082 listed as “ non-deployable ” and 9,972 labelled “ medically limited deployable ” .
Some troops who can not deploy have fractures and illnesses while those listed for “ limited operations ” have short-term medical issues .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty )
Officially , the British Army should have 82,500 soldiers .
But poor retention and recruitment have left it short .
The figure is so low it leaves our deployable army smaller than those of Spain and Poland , which have 77,500 .
Our forces are deployed on more than a dozen operations in areas including Ukraine , Iraq , Kenya , Tunisia , Borneo , Cyprus and Afghanistan .
But the army is also under pressure to defend the UK amid rising aggression from Russia – which has 400,000 troops – and terror threats .
( Image : Corporal James McAllister ( RLC ) )
( Image : Getty Images )
An infantry officer told the Mirror they have seven medically downgraded troops in their company . They said : “ There is a problem across the military .
“ We are feeling the impact of cutbacks .
`` Of seven I have who are downgraded , two are full-time reservists in their late 50s and three are regular soldiers in their 50s kept on for specialist skills and we have no one to replace them .
“ The others are young men with injuries from a car crash .
“ The army is trying to sort this but we are short mainly because of a recruiting process which has been outsourced and forced us to retain older soldiers and reservists , who is a due to their age often fall foul of injury .
( Image : Getty )
“ Unless the Government steps in , it will get worse . Young soldiers are serving three years and leaving because of the conditions . ”
In the Great War , numbers soared to over 3 million .
We had 300,000 soldiers in the 60s and 163,000 in the late 70s .
But cuts began in 2011 and in 2015 , David Cameron agreed to a drop from 102,000 to 82,500 .
An army spokesperson said most medical downgrades are temporary , adding : “ Huge effort is put into high-quality healthcare and rehabilitation . ”
The drugs were for Coughlan and maybe to share with their mates as well , the Chief Justice agreed . ( File )
The drugs were for Coughlan and maybe to share with their mates as well , the Chief Justice agreed . ( File ) stevepb/PIXABAY
A STRAIGHT-SHOOTING cocaine user wasted nobody 's time when they were busted for their illicit stash .
`` This is what you 're here for , ” Anthony James Coughlan told police who turned up at their Birtinya property in November .
Toowoomba-born Coughlan had 25.56g of a substance and slightly more than half of it was pure cocaine .
Brisbane Supreme Court heard Coughlan could 've faced jail time if found to be dealing .
But the court accepted the 26-year-old had the drugs only for themselves and possibly to share with friends .
Coughlan previously said the drugs would have been worth $ 3500 to $ 4000 .
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes told Coughlan if they were found with drugs again , the suspicion of commercial dealing `` will be almost inevitable ” .
But they added that they wrote an apology letter to the court and their work supervisor supplied a supportive , positive reference .
Coughlan 's relative youth , no prior criminal history , and rehab sessions he 'd been taking also earned them credit .
Their family were supportive and they made an early guilty plea to one drug possession charge .
The Chief Justice said Coughlan 's rehabilitation was best served if they were not jailed .
They got an 18-month jail sentence , suspended immediately , operational for three years . -NewsRegional
The state hopes to spur development of building projects that produce more energy than they consume , with up to $ 1 million in aid for each project , officials said Wednesday .
The state Energy Research and Development Authority plans to select one project for funding in each of the state 's 10 regions based on recommendations from the Regional Economic Development Councils .
Zachary Zill , a project manager for the authority , said it wants to support “ energy-efficient facilities where the actual energy used on site is less than or equal to the on-site renewable energy produced . ”
The new program , Net Zero Energy for Economic Development , will back projects such as offices , farms , factories , hospitals and schools equipped with solar panels , wind turbines and other means of generating energy .
Zill told a meeting of the Long Island Regional Economic Development Council on Wednesday the authority will consider projects that have been vetted by the council through the Consolidated Funding Application process . Applications are due July 27 .
They also said the authority will likely award less to a project if it also is receiving help from utilities , including Long Island Power Authority , PSEG Long Island and National Grid .
Separately , council co-vice chairpeople Kevin Law and Stuart Rabinowitz announced the addition of two new members to the 21-member council .
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter ! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
John T. Costanzo , president of the shipping company Purolator International in Jericho , and John S. Nader , president of Farmingdale State College , were appointed to the council by Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo .
They succeed Marianne Garvin , former CEO of the Community Development Corp. of Long Island , and James D'Addario , CEO of guitar string manufacturer D'Addario & Co. in East Farmingdale , who both were founding members of the council , which Cuomo established in 2011 .
Council members are volunteers and receive no compensation . They must recuse themselves in cases of potential conflicts of interest .
indicates that Ms. Haspel does not believe they have an obligation to follow the law or a court order . ''
Spencer Ackerman is a senior national security correspondent for The Daily Beast . The former U.S. national security editor for the Guardian , Ackerman was part of the Pulitzer Prize-winning team reporting on Edward Snowden 's surveillance revelations . Send them tips : spencer.ackerman @ thedailybeast.com
As confusion swirls over what exactly Gina Haspel 's role in brutal interrogations was , a civil libertarian letter to the Senate calls for sunlight into the black sites.As the CIA begins to defend its possible next director , civil liberties groups are urging the Senate to halt Gina Haspel 's nomination `` until all the records on their past involvement in the CIA torture program are declassified and released to the public , '' according to a Friday letter sent to Capitol Hill and provided to The Daily Beast . The letter , part of an emerging strategy to fight Haspel that The Daily Beast reported Wednesday , highlights the lack of clarity-mostly the result of aggressive CIA classification-over aspects of Haspel 's time overseeing torture at a `` black site '' secret prison in Thailand in 2002 . The version seen by The Daily Beast , a draft , was signed by 29 civil-liberties groups , including the ACLU , Reprieve , Physicians for Human Rights and the Sunlight Foundation , though more may sign on.Ahead of what is likely to be a bruising confirmation hearing , the letter places pressure on the CIA to open the books on Haspel , currently the agency 's deputy director . But the intelligence agency hasof what its now-shuttered torture program actually included-and particularly over the names of operatives involved in it-even to the point of previously spying on Senate investigators ' work product stored on a shared CIA-established network . `` The Senate 's constitutional obligation to 'advise and consent ' on any nomination requires that it have full access to relevant information on the nominees before it , '' the letter states . `` In Ms. Haspel 's case , the . All senators should demand that those records be declassified and made public-before their nomination moves any further-so they can actually discuss Ms. Haspel 's deeply disturbing background in open session , and so that the public can glean a more detailed picture of their role in one of the darkest chapters in U.S . history . `` Confusion over Haspel 's specific role was underscored when ProPublica , late on Thursday , retracted a 2017 report about Haspel being chief of base at the black site and in an oversight role of it as it tortured its first post-9/11 detainee , Abu Zubaydah . The CIA emailed the ProPublica retraction to reporters and retweeted ProPublica 's announcement of the retraction on Twitter.The Daily Beast 's reporting , and its continued understanding , is thatThat reporting did not and does not rely on ProPublica 's , and a Daily Beast report on Wednesday mentioning ProPublica 's reporting treated it cautiously , particularly in a footnote calling attention to discrepancies in the account . The Senate intelligence committee 's 2014 report on CIA torture references extensive cables describing Abu Zubaydah 's spring and summer torture-including their `` involuntary spasms of the torso and extremities '' following their extensive August 2002 waterboarding sessions-which Haspel was likely to have received . `` [ T ] he full extent of their involvement is impossible to determine , '' writes the civil liberties coalition , `` because the CIA continues to insist that information about the full extent of their role remain classified . `` , who was subsequently moved ( along with Abu Zubaydah ) to another site that the Senate torture report calls Detention Site Blue . The Senate report found Interrogators also waterboarded Nashiri , threatened them with a pistol and an electric drill , and told their mother would be `` brought before them and sexually abused . `` Similarly undisputed is Haspel 's 2005 involvement in destroying 92 videotapes from the site depicting Abu Zubaydah and Nashiri 's torture , which the civil-libertarian letter suggests was itself a crime , despite the Justice Department concluding in November 2010 that it would not bring charges Destroying the tapes `` appears to '' the letter states . `` In 2004 , in Freedom of Information Act suit filed by the ACLU , a judge had ordered the government to preserve all records related to abuse of detainees overseas , which clearly applied to the videotapes . The incident was also aThe Nashiri interrogation that Haspel oversaw alarmed CIA headquarters officials , according to the 2014 Senate torture report . CIA 's chief of interrogations cabled in early 2003 , essentially going on-record within the agency , that torturing Nashiri , the suspected U.S.S . Cole bomber , was pointless . `` It is the assessment of the prior interrogators that [ al-Nashiri ] has been mainly truthful and is not withholding significant information . To continue to use enhanced technique [ s ] without clear indications that they [ is ] withholding important info is excessive and may cause them to cease cooperation on any level . [ Al-Nashiri ] may come to the conclusion that whether they cooperate or not , they will continually be subjected to enhanced techniques , therefore , what is the incentive for continued cooperation , '' the unnamed interrogations chief wrote , according to the Senate torture report. '' Ms . Haspel was a central figure in the torture program and the destruction of evidence of torture , '' the civil-libertarian letter reads .
Rumor has it LG is about to announce two new Android Wear 2.0 watches - the LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport – but one will cost quite a bit more and boast LTE and Android Pay onboard .
Android Police is reporting from a trusted source the LG Watch Sport will cost $ 349 ( about £275 , AU $ 450 ) , which is expected to be about $ 100 more than the LG Watch Style .
Previous leaks have suggested the Watch Sport is set to come with far more features than the Style though . It should have LTE built-in to allow you to use the watch without your phone , GPS , a heart rate monitor and NFC for Android Pay .
NFC may also feature here for the long rumored launch of LG Pay , which is expected to work in a similar way to Android Pay .
Much like an Apple Watch
When it comes to the price of the Watch Sport , if this rumor is true the LG Watch Sport will in fact be cheaper than LG 's Watch Urbane 2nd Edition , the last Android Wear device from the company , which launched at $ 359.99 ( about £285 , AU $ 470 ) .
Credit : TechnoBuffalo
Both the Watch Sport and Watch Style are also expected to use a “ digital crown ” button on the side of the phone to navigate , in a similar way to how the Apple Watch 2 works .
We hope to see the announcement coming in the next few weeks and current rumors suggest both watches will come with Google Assistant built-in and Android Wear 2.0 right out of the box .
ENGLEWOOD , Colo. ( AP ) — Named the Denver Broncos ' punt returner before the preseason even began , rookie Isaiah McKenzie could hold on to neither the football nor the job .
After six fumbles by McKenzie , Jordan Taylor has come to the rescue .
The lanky undrafted receiver from Rice , who never returned punts in high school or college , helped spark the Broncos ' 23-0 win over the Jets on Sunday by returning five punts for 62 yards .
That helped the Broncos win the field position battle — and a game — for the first time in two months as they snapped an eight-game skid that was the franchise 's longest since joining the NFL in 1970 .
Advertisement
“ Aside from D.T. , Jordan Taylor 's the MVP of the game , ” said quarterback Trevor Siemian , who connected with Demaryius Thomas eight times for 93 yards and a touchdown .
Taylor replaced McKenzie last month and mostly called for fair catches in two games , although they did have a 15-yard return against Cincinnati and an 8-yard return against Oakland .
Coach Vance Joseph went back to McKenzie when the Broncos played at Miami last week . They said afterward they felt two weeks was enough time for McKenzie to get straightened out .
It was n't .
McKenzie fielded a punt near their goal line , ran backward and allowed the ball to get punched out . They smothered it in the end zone for a safety , the low point of a 35-9 loss to the Dolphins .
The Broncos had finally seen enough from the rookie they had drafted specifically to return punts .
Joseph said McKenzie was going to be benched for the final four games and they were going back to Taylor .
“ I 've never done it before . I did n't do it in high school or college , so it is a new thing to me but I think I 'm learning , ” said Taylor , who is averaging 12.4 yards with 85 yards on seven punt returns . “ I 'm looking forward to getting out there and doing it some more . ”
He 'll get that chance soon enough — the Broncos ( 4-9 ) visit the Colts ( 3-10 ) on Thursday night .
“ It 's a tough job to catch punts back there , ” Taylor said . “ You 've got a lot going on and a short amount of time and you 've got to make sure you make good decisions . That 's really what I 'm focused on . ”
Taylor , a 6-foot-5 wide receiver who is nine inches taller than McKenzie , spent their entire rookie season on the Broncos ' practice squad in 2015 and was mostly known as Peyton Manning 's personal workout partner while the five-time MVP worked their way back from a foot injury to help the Broncos win Super Bowl 50 .
Last year , they played in all 16 games and caught 16 passes for 209 yards and two touchdowns .
He 's played in six games with two starts this season , catching six passes for 55 yards , a total they surpassed with their five punt returns Sunday .
“ I was proud of Jordan . That 's a tough job because if you do n't catch the ball at certain spots , it can kill you , ” Joseph said Monday . “ Yesterday , they did a great job of decision-making back there . That 's a tough job because sometimes you 're not sure how close the gunners are .
“ Their guy , four times the ball hit the ground and it backed them up inside of the 5-yard line . Jordan was key for us yesterday by keeping the ball off the ground and keeping our field position flipped all game . ”
Notes : S Justin Simmons is day-to-day with a mild left high ankle sprain , the result of coming down on Brandon Marshall 's right foot while celebrating the linebacker 's strip sack Sunday . … S Jamal Carter has a bruised left shoulder but should be OK to play Thursday night , Joseph said . … DE Zach Kerr on returning to Indianapolis : “ It 's going to be emotional . It 's my first NFL team . I was undrafted and made a team , all that stuff . At the end of the day , business is business , and it 's just another game . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/arniestapleton
© Sabo / @ unsavoryagents
Zuckerberg had hired Joel Benenson , a top presdiential campaign strategist who previously worked for Hillary Clinton
Facebook has suspended the account of the right-wing street artist Sabo over alleged `` hate speech , '' Sabo announced the suspension of their page via Twitter account Unsavory Agents , by posting a screenshot of the notification sent to him . `` Your page has been unpublished for using hate speech '' Facebook declared , before giving Sabo the option to appeal.Facebook did not give any specific examples of the offending `` hate speech '' but according to its Community Standard 's page states the company removes content `` we believe there is a genuine risk of physical harm or direct threats to public safety . `` On Sunday , the artist compared the suspension of their Facebook page to having their telephone cut off by a phone company disagreeing with theirs opinion.Trying to link to Sabo 's Facebook account brings this comment : `` Sorry , this content is n't available right now . The link you followed may have expired , or the page may only be visible to an audience you 're not in . `` Just days before the suspension , Sabo has hung posters in California cities that read `` F * ck Zuck 2020 '' with the iconic Facebook `` thumbs up `` subverted to a middle finger following the `` F , '' when it was announced that '' It took a week , but it finally came down , '' Sabo told The Hollywood Reporter . `` Zuckerberg is n't only a thief , he 's thin-skinned . `` Facebook 's CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been conducting a national tour , visiting 19 sates . Mostly recently they visited a truck stop in Iowa , had dinner with an Ohio family , and visited a Ford plant in Michigan.Those visits have generated social media speculation about a possible presidential run . Zuckerberg has said they are not running for office but simply wants to get to know Americans - most of which are Facebook users - better , according to Vox . Sabo is known for lampooning the liberal politics of celebrities and corporations . They have created street art aimed critically at Hillary Clinton , Leonardo DiCaprio , Lena Dunham and Cher , among others . They acknowledge the work is politically incorrect but does n't consider it `` hate speech '' or needing censorship.The ads were apparently made as a protest of Google firing James Damore , an engineer who distributed a 10-page memo that argues the gender gap between men and women working in tech and leadership positions is due to biological and psychological differences . Damore had accused Google of silencing conservative political voices within the organization .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The won viewers over with their genuine sweetness , and Georgia 'Toff ' Toffolo was just as adorable on today 's This Morning , fan-girling over Holly Willoughby , revealing they fell in love in the jungle and admitting the truth about their 'law degree ' .
When Holly revealed that she 's pegged Toff to win from day one , the former Made In Chelsea star gushed , `` I ca n't believe you even know my name ! Let alone picking me as a winner ! ''
The star has been reported to have achieved a law degree , but they set the record straight admitting that they do n't have a qualification because they dropped out of the course twice .
`` I started it and dropped out , then I started another and dropped out again , '' they admitted . `` I 've always had an interest in politics , [ so ] I just do n't know what the future holds . I want to use my influence with this to do good . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Speaking of politics , they opened up about their crush on co-star Stanley Johnson , admitting she 's got a thing for middle-aged politicians .
`` When I saw Stanley I was like , 'oh my god ! ' They are in the upper bracket of middle aged but I fell in love . I used to follow them around camp . I 've never met anyone like them before . I 'm going to have a little drinkie with them later . ''
Admitting she 's `` gagging for a glass of wine , '' Toff said she 's going to have to take it easy at the wrap party because they made themselves sick by eating too much last night .
And they also marvelled at the fact they even made it on to the show .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Speaking of their win , they said : `` I was beyond shell shocked , it was the most bizarre thing . I could n't believe I was there in the first place , I thought , 'how on earth have you pulled this blinder ? How are you in here ? ' Because i do n't have any talent of note . But I just loved it . ''
`` I loved the simplicity , we had to do certain things to exist . Even things like doing the dunny , it was bizarre but it was comical . I did n't mind doing the dunny . ''
`` I shocked myself , I did n't think I had this strenth . i joined Made In Chelsea when I left school . I have n't been through with much similar . I had to prove girls are as strong as boys . ''
And they had no idea that people would like her , fearing they got voted into Number 10 for being 'too bossy ' .
`` I just thought everyone would think I 'm this blonde airhead , '' they said .
The Made In Chelsea star was crowned queen of the jungle last night after overcoming their fears and triumphing on the ITV show .
Georgia had been odds-on bookmakers favourite to win the show for over a week after wowing viewers with their bravery in trials and constant positivity and happiness in camp .
They became the third female to win the series in a row – following Scarlett Moffat and Vicky Pattison – and beat third-placed Radio DJ Iain Lee and soap actor Jamie Lomas in the final .
After being announced as the winner , Toff , 22 , stood open mouthed for 30 seconds unable to speak .
They said : “ I do n't know what to say , obviously I am shocked I did n't think anyone would like me . “ I am really taken aback , it is really overwhelming . Wow . Is this real ?
I 'm A Celebrity fans are n't happy that `` bully '' Jamie Lomas made it to the final two over Iain Lee
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
“ It is a dream , I have watched this since I was a little girl . ”
They were given their crown by previous winner Scarlett Moffatt who praised them for `` doing it for the girls '' .
Toff said their cheeks hurt from three weeks of smiling trying to keep their camp mates happy . “ If you do n't stay positive you would n't enjoy yourself , ” they explained .
On their experience they added : “ It is so surreal , I loved it in there so much . I loved every second , I did n't even mind cleaning the dunny . Nothing can prepare you for it . ”
Referring to their trials , they added : “ I did n't think I had the strength to do what I have done in here , I do n't know where it has come from . I had to go out and prove girls could do it . ”
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
In the last few days , they have missed close friend Stanley Johnson , they said : “ I was beside myself when they went , we had these amazing little moments , what a lovely man . And I get to see them today . ”
Second placed Jamie Lomas , 42 , said : “ Toff is great at lifting spirits , they have been amazing . “ She has been a great champion , well done , they deserve it . ”
Ahead of the final their mum Nicola had praised their appearance on the show saying to Toff : “ I need to tell you that my heart is bursting with pride because you have shown everyone how strong , fair , how kind you are your little positive face every morning when you wake up . ”
Toff themselves could n't even believe they had even made the final , saying : “ Someone has totted up the votes , how out of all the people am I here . This is nuts . People are voting for us to be in the final . This is amazing . ”
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Having already completed a number of trials during their three weeks in camp they also overcame a horrendous last one the final after being chosen for 'John T-revolting ' and had to get into a plastic transparent box to win three starters for the finalists plus their own drink and treat .
To win the total of five stars they had to stay in the box for ten minutes . Biting green ants were put into one arm , soldier crabs in the other arm , in their right foot they poured cockroaches and in their left it was yabbies and mud crabs .
To top it off they had spiders , scorpions and burrowing cockroaches around their head . They lasted until the end and won the five stars but said : “ Whoever thinks of these trials is warped . ”
Asked about the hardest challenges , they said : “ My greatest achievement in the jungle was doing nine minutes with those enormous pythons on me . The Snakes Are High trial – one of my lowest points was my biggest triumphs . I was freaking out but there was no way I was going anywhere .
“ There are quite a few things that are not as you imagined . The hunger and starvation is so rife . I kind of thought someone who give us a few titbits just to see us over until dinner but they do n't . What you see on the telly is actually what we go through .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
“ I do quite like rice and beans weirdly , I do n't know how or why . For me I always eat my beans first one by one and then savour the rice because it is bloody fantastic . ”
Asked what they had missed the most , they said : “ I love my heated rollers at home . Heat them up and pop them in and put the makeup on and then it is a big beautiful bouncy blow dry . So it would be the heated rollers . ”
They became close friends with Jennie and in particular Stanley Johnson who they treated like a new granddad .
Toff said : “ Do you know my opinions have n't changed but I never envisaged growing so close to these people because we are so different . Maybe outside we never would have met . I can believe I have formed such amazing friendships out of these people . It has really shocked me and it is amazing .
“ Stanley in Made In Chelsea ? Oh my god that is going to happen when I get home , we can do a bump in on the King 's Road . Stanley has promised me they are going to watch it which is just everything . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pranking has become big business .
All you need is a camera phone , an unsuspecting victim and an audience .
But as with any burgeoning and popular trend , there 's always a chance it may become a victim of its own success . That someone , at some point , might be considered to have gone too far .
Mike and Heather Martin have recently had to deal with a large amount of backlash following one of their videos .
It involved them pranking their youngest son , nine-year-old Cody , for their YouTube channel , DaddyOFive , and has been strongly criticised by other parents for being `` torturing '' and `` delusional . ''
The video begins with Heather explaining how she 's got a bottle of invisible ink , saying : `` I 'm going to squirt it all over their [ Cody 's ] carpet and start flipping out . ''
What follows is six minutes of very uncomfortable viewing .
Having squirted the ink all over the boy 's bedroom , Heather starts screaming at them to get `` get your f * * king a * * up here ! What the f * * * ? ! ''
Dad Martin joins in , also shouting `` What did you do ? ! ''
Cody runs upstairs where their apoplectic parents continue to scream and swear at him . There 's ink everywhere .
To no one 's surprise , they dissolve into tears , their distress painfully clear , repeating how they did not do it .
Even their brother gets dragged into it , when the parents switch their attention to him , yelling `` You were f * * king up here too ? ''
Eventually their mum bursts into laughter , admitting how the ink wo n't stain and it was all a joke .
While the channel has plenty of fans who no doubt saw the funny side , thousands of others have been horrified .
The critical comments soon added up , with Mike and Heather disabling that functionality on YouTube .
However , there are plenty of other forums where the debate rages on .
`` This guy is beyond delusional . It 's sickening to even think he 's a legal guardian to five children , '' wrote one Redditor .
`` This dad is sick doing this for a few grand a month , '' added another .
An Instagram user also weighed in , adding , `` Why is mentally torturing your kids till they cry funny to you ? ''
In response to the critics , Heather and Mike issued an unapologetic rebuttal on YouTube called `` Blocking all the haters ! ``
`` Apparently a lot of people do n't see the humour in it , '' Mike said .
`` Was anybody traumatised ? '' asks Heather , to which the kids respond `` no '' ( though Cody is n't sure what it means ) .
It seems the couple have however since reconsidered their reaction . Damage control appears on the Facebook page for DaddyOFive where a statement has been issued , reading :
`` We have had a family meeting and reviewed many comments and concerns . We discussed different alternative for our future videos and ways we can improve .
`` We deeply apologise for your feelings of concern .
`` We DO NOT condone child abuse in any way , shape or form . As many of our friends and family would tell you we are a loving , close knit family and all enjoy making videos and having fun together . ''
This is shaping up to be a steep learning curve for the family , as others still condemned not just their actions , but their apology .
`` Another classic 'We 're not sorry we did it , just sorry that we got called out for being atrocious human garbage ' '' said one commentor .
`` If you think the way you treat your kids is acceptable you need help . Your son is crying their eyes out asking you to stop filming and you wo n't . Anyone with a brain cell can see this is wrong . Pity you ca n't , '' added another .
They do have some supporters though still , as one man stepped in to defend them , saying :
`` I think all the thin skinned snowflakes out there should get over themselves . ''
It 'll be interesting to see what they do next .
'Jeopardy ! ' Contestants Fumble Entire Football Category , To Coach Trebek 's Dismay
Jeopardy ! YouTube
When Alex Trebek is disappointed in you , they let you know . And in a clip from Thursday 's episode of Jeopardy ! Trebek looked like they wanted to weep .
After clearing the rest of the board in Double Jeopardy , the lone remaining category was `` Talkin ' Football . ''
It soon became clear why the contestants — Ryan , Sara and Justin – had avoided it .
The first question , for $ 200 : Your choice : Do or do n't name this place in which the QB runs the ball & can choose to pitch it to another back .
The contestants stand still — no manic mashing of buzzers here .
`` It 's an option play , '' says Trebek after the beep , with evident concern .
There was nowhere to go but down . Ryan , laughing resignedly , orders up the next embarrassment .
`` I can tell you guys are big football fans , '' Trebek says .
For $ 400 : Tom Landry perfected the shotgun formation with this team .
But there was just no way . Sara and Justin grin widely . They have nothing .
Trebek suggests perhaps they just go to commercial , but the sacks continue through the next two questions .
`` Let 's look at the $ 1,000 clue just for the fun of it , '' Trebek then says to audience laughter .
The last is , painfully , a video clue from the Vikings ' stadium in Minneapolis in advance of Sunday 's Super Bowl .
`` If you guys ring in and get this one , '' Trebek says , `` I will die . ''
Spoiler alert : They do n't .
The show 's Twitter feed kept dishing the sass Thursday night and dragged poor , long-suffering Cleveland into the mess .
`` Fun fact , '' the show tweeted . `` Our contestants answered as many clues in this category as the @ Browns had wins this season . ''
Full disclosure : This writer would n't have rung in , either .
A Myers-Briggs Type Indicator test could determine the mix of introverts and extroverts at your company -- helping you to help everyone thrive .
The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator ( MBTI ) has been around for decades . Employers use it to uncover job candidates ' personality strengths and place them in the right role . MBTI results also help identify natural leaders and great communicators .
Related : Introversion Is Not A Weakness , So Why Are You Treating It Like One ?
Yet , there 's little talk about how people 's results impact their satisfaction once they 're in a job . When leaders ignore employees ' happiness , it 's hard to keep productive talent around .
Interestingly , the Sunnyvale , Calif.-based publisher of the Myers-Brigg Type Indicator , CCP , Inc. , conducted new research that dove into how personality impacts workplace well-being . It looked at five aspects of well-being : positive emotions , engagement , relationships , meaning and accomplishments .
After surveying 3,113 participants , the company , in a September report , revealed that introverts have lower well-being in all of these areas . This is n't all that surprising : An introvert is less likely to speak up about what 's negatively impacting them or them
It is shocking , however , that employers are n't being more proactive . If leaders do n't find a way to improve the workplace happiness of introverts , those people will leave and take all their unique skills with them .
Want to avoid that happening to you ? Here are some ideas to help connect with the introverts in your office and better understand their wellness-related needs in the workplace :
Be a chameleon .
Many leaders make the mistake of managing everyone the same way and assuming the results will equate across the board . But there 's a huge flaw in that logic : Every person , in fact , perceives and processes guidance differently . Some need more help in certain situations ; some need less . So , it 's up to leaders to customize their approach .
Leaders ignoring the needs of their introverts can hurt their overall workplace well-being . The reason : Introverted employees will feel less engaged and have a harder time reaching their goals . This may then lead to feelings of isolation and disappointment , negatively impacting these workers ' mental health .
Related : 6 Truths on Why Introverts Make Great Leaders
When managers recognize introverts ' differences , on the other hand , they can help those employees succeed , and feel more accomplished . For example , as New York-based co-founder of the digital agency Ready Set Rocket , Aaron Harvey , pointed out , introverts have trouble speaking in front of people . “ If someone struggles in brainstorming sessions , simply stop by their desk in advance and ask them to be prepared with a few ideas around a specific topic , ” Harvey advised in an email . “ This can help them feel confident , joining a conversation that organically leads to real-time ideation . ”
Consider other situations when introverts might feel that they are out of their element . For instance , consider ways in which shy employees might meet new people .
Talking with new clients , after all , probably makes them nervous . So , reduce their stress by having an extrovert they 're comfortable with tag along . Having a familiar face present will help get them through the situation .
Scrimmage employees ' skill sets .
Extroverts ' strengths are obvious . They 're good communicators , enjoy building relationships and freely share their ideas -- all skills that contribute to their well-being . These traits make it easier for them to create a support system at work and to speak up about what skills they have to offer .
Introverts ' skills are more hidden , so leaders do n't always see what they bring to the table . Since introverts are less likely to communicate what responsibilities they 'd like to take on , they 're left feeling unfulfilled .
Skills-assessment tools , like the MBTI , are a great solution . They reveal natural strengths and help managers assign introverts more meaningful work .
After realizing your introverts ' skills , give them more opportunities to use them . Assign tasks and projects that allow them to maximize their strengths . Fully and effectively contributing to the team will improve their feelings of meaning and accomplishment .
Arlington , Va.-based Greg Wester , senior vice president of marketing and business development at the mobile content discovery platform Mobile Posse , likes to mix it up with their employees . To help everyone on the team develop their or their skills , Wester told me , the company poses team challenges that mix introverts and extroverts .
“ We 've found that people are super competitive about winning , ” they said by email . “ The different types of exercises give people a variety of ways to participate , get involved and hopefully boost their well-being . ”
Currently , Mobile Posses ' employees are working as teams to create themed videos . Each team has eight cross-functional , cross-personality employees . They 're all challenged to use their individual skills to create a video representing their perspective on a company core value or vision .
This approach to skill-building , Wester said , helps introverts connect with the entire team and gives them more confidence about their value in the organization .
Keep kindred spirits together .
While it 's good to have both types of personalities working together , introverts may become stressed if they 're paired only with extroverts .
For instance , imagine walking into a room where everyone is talking loudly and the words do n't make sense . The situation is overwhelming . This is how introverts feel when they 're surrounded by extroverts . It 's as though no one is speaking their language , and they feel isolated as a result .
What 's more , iIntroverts and extroverts communicate differently . To maintain well-being , introverts need to find like-minded people they can connect with and recharge their energy with .
Rick Gibbs , a performance specialist at the Kingwood , Tex.-based HR services company Insperity , pointed out that following personality assessments , introverts can find people who are like them and make healthy connections . “ The process itself can help improve communication , build teams , and expand office friendships , ” Gibbs said in an email . “ More introverted employees will be able to identify others with similar communications styles . ”
Related : How Thinking Like an Introvert Can Help You Get Ahead in Business
So think about conducting personality testing at your workplace . Then , hold a meeting where everyone can discuss their or their results . This will show introverts that they are not alone . They 'll be able to communicate better and deepen their relationships -- and with them their personal well-being -- at work .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal return to action boosted by the deadline-day arrival of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as they bid to return to winning ways .
The Gunners were beaten 3-1 at Swansea in midweek and are in danger of falling out of the top-four race .
Arsene Wenger could pair their new striker with former Dortmund teammate Henrik Mkhitaryan after the Armenian came off the bench against the Welsh side .
Everton 's ranks have also been boosted by the arrival of Eliaquim Mangala from Manchester City .
Here is all you need to know about the fixture ...
When is the game ?
The game kicks off at 5.30pm today .
Where can I watch it ?
The match is being broadcast on BT Sport 1 and you can also follow every kick on Mirror Football .
Is there a live steam ?
The match will be streamed on the BT Sport website and app .
Team News
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is set to be given their Arsenal debut despite a bout of illness ahead of the Gunners ' clash with Everton .
The north London side broke their transfer record to land the Gabon forward but a fever has left them a slight doubt ahead of the Emirates Stadium clash .
Manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed Henrikh Mkhitaryan will make their first start but Jack Wilshere has also been ill and could be sidelined , while Danny Welbeck ( hip ) and Santi Cazorla ( achilles ) remain absent .
Everton 's new on-loan defender Eliaquim Mangala could be involved against Arsenal at the Emirates .
The Frenchman joined from Manchester City on deadline day and is set to be in the squad .
Manager Sam Allardyce may decide to rest Seamus Coleman after their first appearance in 319 days after a double leg fracture , while midfielder James McCarthy is in the early stages of rehabilitation from a similar injury .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's been a decent year for horror games , with Resident Evil 7 reinvigorating Capcom 's stalling franchise and The Evil Within 2 making good on the potential of its predecessor .
Now Xbox One owners get another to experience another prime example of the genre with SOMA . Originally released back in 2015 for PC and PS4 , this first-person tale of technological terror from developer Frictional Games has arrived on Microsoft 's console .
You play as Simon Jarrett who , after submitting themselves for an experimental brain scan in a bid to heal a severe head injury , inexplicably awakens in an underwater scientific research station .
You must guide Simon around the PATHOS II facility , avoiding strange beings and uncovering clues that help you piece together the truth behind your predicament .
Said plot is presented in the form of audio logs , documents and conversations with the odd survivor , with some of these little narrative flourishes being optional things to discover in side rooms and offices . The sound design is top notch , from the creaking metal of your surroundings as the station groans against the pressure of the ocean around it . to the inhuman noises made by the monsters hunting you .
Similar to Frictional 's other horror series Amnesia , there 's no combat here . Enemies are essentially unkillable , and there are no weapons . Instead , you 'll have to sneak and hide in order to progress . As someone who soon tired of Alien Isolation 's ever-present invincible xenomoph , SOMA 's stealthy segments are mercifully few in number , fairly short and mostly self-contained .
Truthfully , the game would n't suffer much if the creatures ' threat was eliminated entirely . Such is the power of SOMA 's perpetually creepy atmosphere , the presence of enemies feels almost like an obstacle to artificially stop the player from progressing too quickly .
This notion of ‘ gameplay ' getting in the way of the plot for some players has apparently not been lost on the developers , who have included a new Safe Mode with the Xbox One version . This difficulty setting still keeps the creatures in the game , but they ca n't necessarily kill you . If you already own the game on other platforms , Safe Mode has also been added to the Steam version , with the PS4 edition slated to get the update by the end of January .
While I can already hear the dismayed cries of self-styled so-called hardcore gamers , Safe Mode is not only entirely optional but in fact a brilliant addition , if only because SOMA 's story and tone are so well crafted as to stand up by themselves . It might be called 'Safe ' but you 'll still feel far from it .
Simply seeing enemies stalk the darkened claustrophobic hallways , labs and offices is enough to instill palpable fear , and experiencing the game 's narrative is far more vital than hiding under a desk or having to peek around every corner . It also allows you to explore the SOMA 's environments more freely than you may have done , and discover elements of the backstory that you might have missed .
The game is n't without fault though . There are some underwater sections that , while initially haunting , can quickly become frustrating if you get a bit lost in the deep sea murk . There were also a fair few occasions when I felt that making it past enemies was more a matter of luck ( or simply running for it ) than skill .
That aside , SOMA is a fantastic example of perfectly pitched atmosphere . Its gripping sci-fi mystery makes for a uniquely effective experience that puts story above cheap jump scares .
ROANOKE , Va. - This week , people all around the country are talking about rising gas prices . Experts are saying summer travel is going to be more expensive than usual nationwide and in southwest Virginia .
The anticipated increase has some drivers frustrated .
`` I think it 's terrible the way they 're going up . Of course it 's getting to be the driving season so naturally they 'll come up with the excuse about the price of oil , ” West Virginia resident Lacey Shepherd said as they were traveling to Roanoke Tuesday .
Other drivers said they 'll just deal with whatever happens .
`` If we 're going to go we 're going to go , ” Pennsylvania resident Arlene LaBarre said as they were taking a break from a drive on Interstate 81 .
GasBuddy analyst Patrick DeHaan studies prices and said Tuesday that the price per gallon in Roanoke has gone up 4 cents in the last week , up to $ 2.55 . They said it will continue to go up in the next few weeks .
`` Gas prices continue to go up , ” DeHaan said . “ The outlook is n't the best especially if you 're one that takes frequent trips to the gas station to fill your tank . ''
There was a 5 cent increase nationwide in the last week .
`` Kind of painful if you 're filling that tank up . The average fill up is now about $ 25.50 to fill up 10 gallons . That prices continue to go up , ” they said .
They said this summer , gas should cost between $ 2.50 and $ 2.75 a gallon in Roanoke , the highest mark since the 2014 hike when gas prices in Roanoke were well over $ 3 per gallon .
If the projection pans out , road trips will cost more . Compared to some time periods last summer , driving to Washington D.C. and back will cost more than $ 15 more . A round trip to Myrtle Beach will cost about $ 19 more than last summer . A trip to Orlando will be nearly $ 50 more expensive .
DeHaan said the increase is , in part , because the price of oil is the highest since 2014 . OPEC cut oil production 15 months ago , dropping inventories and leading to lower supply .
`` That has pushed the price of oil up and that 's largely the culprit for the rising gas prices , ” they said .
They said prices will continue to rise in the coming years as the economy strengthens and as demand increases .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Democrat Says Memo 'Deliberately Misleading ; ' Trump Says It 'Totally Vindicates ' Him
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
Updated 8:26 p.m . ET
House Democrats went on the offensive Saturday amidst a controversy surrounding a memo released a day earlier that argues the Justice Department and the FBI abused their surveillance authority .
Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D-N.Y. , the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee , released a 6-page rebuttal memo he 's circulated to their colleagues and given to the media , including NPR .
The document lays out several arguments to counter the memo by Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee . The Nadler release was first reported on by NBC News Saturday , hours after President Trump had heralded the Nunes memo on Twitter , saying it `` totally vindicates '' them and calling the ongoing Russia probe `` an American disgrace . ''
Congressman Jerrold Nadler Refutes Details In The Nunes Memo 4:03
The Nadler document claims the Nunes memo is `` deliberately misleading and deeply wrong on the law '' in its central allegation of wrongdoing by the FBI and DOJ . It also says the Nunes memo `` does not provide a single shred of evidence '' that the information in the infamous , unverified Trump-Russia dossier was `` inaccurate in any way . ''
Speaking Saturday evening with NPR 's Michel Martin on All Things Considered , Nadler said they were worried the president would use information in Nunes memo as a reason to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who is overseeing the Russia probe being conducted by special counsel Robert Mueller .
`` Well it is a concern , because I do n't believe anything that comes out of the White House , '' Nadler said . `` You 've seen them say they never threatened Mueller , but we know that the president tried to fire him , Mueller , and was stopped by their counsel . ''
Saturday morning President Trump took to Twitter to champion the release the Nunes memo , a previously-classified document that takes aim at the Justice Department and the FBI .
They tweeted : `` This memo totally vindicates 'Trump ' in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ''
Not long after the president 's tweet , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , Rep. Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , fired back with a tweet of their own : `` Quite the opposite , Mr. President . The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor , Papadopoulos , who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians . ''
In a series of tweets Saturday night , the president renewed their attacks on the Justice Department and the FBI , citing the Nunes memo and apparently quoting the Wall Street Journal . There is `` No Collusion ! '' Trump also reiterated Saturday .
After anticipation gripped Washington , D.C. , throughout the week — with fissures between the president , the law enforcement community and Congress — Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee made public a 3 1/2-page document authored Nunes after Trump declassified the memo and approved its release .
The document contends the FBI and the Justice Department used an unproven report compiled by a former British spy Christopher Steele , to seek a warrant approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court in order to conduct surveillance of former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page .
GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses Listen · 19:25 19:25
Since the Nunes memo 's release , some Republicans have expressed sentiments similar to Trump 's and seized on the memo 's assertions raising doubts about the impartiality of the top FBI and Justice Department officials investigating Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign and possible connections with Russia .
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte , R-Va. , said in a statement Friday that they were `` pleased '' the American people could view the document , `` which details abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . ''
They also went on to praise the `` vast majority '' of FBI employees , before adding : `` The contents of the memo continue to raise serious questions about decisions made by Justice Department and FBI leadership during the 2016 presidential election and afterwards , and the role senior FBI officials played in these questionable decisions and irregularities . ''
Fellow Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida tweeted Friday : `` Not only did the Memo lay bare a systemic pattern of abuse within the FBI & DOJ , it confirmed my worst fear : America 's free & fair elections were threatened from within . Our own DOJ worked to tip the scales of justice in order to benefit one political candidate . # MemoDay . ''
Nadler is one of many Democrats who have raised concerns that the Nunes memo 's release is being used to lay the groundwork for the eventual firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein or the eventual end of the Justice Department 's engagement of special counsel Robert Mueller , a former FBI director .
In their rebuttal document released Saturday , Nadler argues the Nunes memo `` provides no credible basis whatsoever for removing '' Rosenstein .
And in a letter sent to the president Friday signed by 10 top congressional Democrats including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y. , warned that the lawmakers would consider terminations of the top leadership at the Justice Department or the FBI as `` an attempt to obstruct justice . ''
`` We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation . Firing Rod Rosenstein , DOJ Leadership or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre . ''
The `` Saturday Night Massacre '' refers to the 1973 resignations of the attorney general and their deputy in protest of President Richard Nixon 's order to fire an independent special prosecutor .
At the White House on Friday , before Trump left for a weekend stay at their Mar-a-Lago club in Florida , they were asked whether the memo 's release made it more likely they would fire Rosenstein and whether they still had confidence in the deputy attorney general . They responded : `` You figure that one out . ''
In an appearance Saturday on Fox News , deputy White House press secretary Raj Shah was asked whether Rosenstein was on the hot seat and attempted to play down those concerns .
`` Rod Rosenstein 's job is not on the line . We expect them to continue their job as the deputy attorney general , '' Shah said .
Many Democrats and even some Republicans have expressed concern about the release of the Nunes memo and the impact it could have on the Justice Department and intelligence community .
Trump , Nunes and others say the document shows that the FBI and the Department of Justice have been biased in their investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible connections between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia .
But others see the memo 's release as a dangerous upheaval of established oversight norms in favor of partisan politics , in an effort to discredit the Mueller investigation .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain , R-Ariz. , had one of the harshest rebukes , saying the memo 's release did nothing but aid Russian President Vladimir Putin by undermining the legitimacy of American institutions .
`` The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party 's , no president 's , only Putin 's . The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia 's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy , which is why Special Counsel Mueller 's investigation must proceed unimpeded , '' McCain said in a statement Friday . `` Our nation 's elected officials , including the president , must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows . If we continue to undermine our own rule of law , we are doing Putin 's job for him . ''
NPR 's Ryan Lucas reported that Nunes and other Republicans claim the memo shows that `` anti-Trump Democrats within federal law enforcement used flimsy evidence that was paid for by ideological fellow travelers to scam a judge into authorizing the surveillance of '' Page . That surveillance of Page was based on the unverified Steele dossier and funded in part by Democrats including the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign .
However , the memo also asserts that it was contacts between Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos and Russians — and overtures from Russia to the campaign via Papadopoulos — that `` triggered '' the FBI counterintelligence investigation in Russia 's election interference and contacts between Russia and Trump 's campaign . Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with Russians .
Furthermore , after the memo 's release Friday , three leading national newspapers reported that the special intelligence court that approved the warrant was made aware of the political underpinnings of the dossier .
Retiring moderate Republican Rep. Charlie Dent said the Nunes memo 's release also breached norms about using intelligence for political reasons .
`` As I have publicly stated on several occasions , it 's a mistake to release this memo , '' Dent wrote on Twitter Friday afternoon . `` No Members of Congress-nor their staff-should risk divulging sensitive sources/methods of Intelligence for partisan gain . This sets a dangerous precedent that may have far reaching implications . ''
Schiff , the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , told NPR 's Ari Shapiro on Friday 's All Things Considered that the decision to release the GOP memo was `` not only reckless but misleading . ''
`` The procedure they used to publish this document has never been used before , and for good reason . The Congress should n't be cherry-picking intelligence and publishing it for political reasons , '' Schiff said .
Democrats ' rebuttal memo is still classified after the committee voted along party lines not to release it alongside the GOP memo .
`` I think the Republicans know it 's really unsustainable for them to claim they 're doing this in the interest of transparency but refuse to let the country see the response to it , '' Schiff said of that decision . Schiff also said Democrats on the committee plan to try to force a vote on releasing their rebuttal on Monday .
Rep. Eric Swalwell , D-Calif. , another member on the House Intelligence Committee , said on CNN before Friday 's release that `` what this memo does is it seeks to torch every floor of the FBI building to protect the president . ''
Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Mark Warner , D-Va. , said the memo 's release was `` reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth . ''
`` This unprecedented public disclosure of classified material during an ongoing criminal investigation is dangerous to our national security , '' Warner continued in a statement Friday . `` This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful , bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future . This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe . ''
Former FBI Director James Comey — whose firing last year by Trump contributed to Mueller 's appointment to oversee the FBI investigation — tweeted that the memo 's release was underwhelming and not worth the damage it did .
Christopher Wray , who was picked by Trump to replace Comey as FBI director and who opposed the release of the memo , reminded bureau employees in an internal video released Friday that `` in the end , actions speak louder than words . ''
For the second consecutive week , Dallas Cowboys right tackle La'el Collins played in a game after missing practice all week managing a herniated disc in their back .
And for the second consecutive week , Collins played well , limiting defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul to five tackles and no sacks in the Cowboys ' 30-10 victory against the New York Giants Sunday
They did the same to Washington Redskins defensive end Ryan Kerrigan in a 38-14 victory the week before .
Coach Jason Garrett said Collins has done a good job getting mental reps in practice and meetings , but also credits their competitive fire with their success over the past two weeks , sans practice .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
“ He has done a really nice job the last couple of weeks where they have n't practiced very much , ” Garrett said . “ He is getting themselves ready by the time they are spending in meetings and walk-through and they are able to go out there and function fairly well . Typically against pretty good players too .
“ He is a tough guy . They love to play football . They have always been a real competitor . And a guy who fights and loves the physical part of the game . They have done a really good job fighting through the injury and getting themselves to where they are ready and be effective for 60 minutes . ”
/
Even self-sufficient employees who excel at figuring things out need tools and resources only you can provide .
April 24 , 2018 8 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Working remotely is no longer taboo as more and more entrepreneurs , like yours truly , are opting to hire remote teams . There are distinct advantages to having a far-flung team , like gaining access to a deeper talent pool , avoiding the expense of needing a large office and fueling more productivity .
To get the most out of your remote team , however , your team members need to have all of the relevant information -- and a few golden nuggets of advice -- at their disposal .
How to make remote collaboration real .
Communicating and collaborating with your team is key , but this is especially true with remote employees . After all , you ca n't simply stop by their office to ask them a question or resolve a misunderstanding . You are n't gaining the subtle information about their motivations and habits that you pick up in working side by side every day .
So how can you effectively communicate and collaborate with team members who are n't in your immediate proximity ? First , look in the mirror , and strengthen your communication skills so you can explain yourself clearly and concisely . That includes learning to identify the right tools for the specific communication job , from email to Slack to video conferencing . You should n't have serious conversations about performance via Slack ; you also do n't need to burden a staffer with a 10-page memo for two kernels of information that apply to their situation . Keep your team notified of any workflow or company changes though group emails .
Make sure that each communication channel has a purpose and that your team knows how to use each ; attempt to occasionally have in-person meetings or retreats for the team to maintain a collegial vibe and keep up a feeling of team camaraderie . Encourage your team to ask questions and raise concerns .
More tactical tools can also be helpful . Calendar and management tools should be streamlined and accessible to your entire team so you can schedule meetings and track productivity across multiple time zones . Take into account time zones when scheduling meetings ; if an employee ca n't attend , record the meeting so it 's accessible later .
Provide contact information or a staff directory . This eliminates the middleman , allowing your remote team members to go directly to the source . Give your team access to relevant files and software , and share everything from company mission statements to long-term plans . Ensuring your remote team members are still absorbing the culture of your company is crucial to consistent work and employee retention and engagement .
Related : 5 Ways to Effectively Lead Remote Teams
Empower employees by handing them the reins .
If you hired a content specialist for your company 's website , for example , that 's their responsibility . She 's churning out written content for your blog and helping your marketing team develop sales collateral . Hand the reins over , simply ensuring the remote worker is actually doing the work they were hired to do . Empowering them by making yourself available -- while avoiding hovering -- will spur increased productivity for both of you .
Once remote workers are on board , you also need to provide them with guidelines and procedures . This allows the writer to jump right into an article , knowing exactly what 's expected . And if they have a question down the road , they can turn to the document instead of waiting for me to respond . If they find a problem not addressed by the document , that triggers an update to our procedures so others who run into the same problem know what to do .
Related : Do n't Even Try Managing a Remote Team Without These Tools
Can remote workers achieve work-life balance ?
Even seasoned remote workers struggle with work-life balance . Because they 're not clocking in and out , remote workers tend to overwork , not underwork . There 's no clear divide between their home space and their workspace . This can eventually lead to burnout , which is n't good for you or them .
As a leader , you can work against this tendency . Do n't assign more work than your remote workers can handle in an allotted time period , and encourage them to step away occasionally . The only way to find out whether this is happening is by communicating with them frequently so you can gauge how they 're doing . You can also use time-tracking tools to see how long they 're actually working on a task , and then plan accordingly .
Related : The Key Management Skill for the 21st Century : Leading Remote Teams
Experiment with schedules .
We all have different times of the day when we 're most productive . For some of us , that could be first thing in the morning ; for others , it 's at night . Encourage your remote team members to find out when they 're most productive by experimenting with their schedules until they find their “ prime time . ”
Generally , our prime time is based on our own ultradian rhythm . This is a recurrent cycle that our bodies go through daily . Have your team members download this Prime Time Calculator Spreadsheet so they can determine when they 're most productive .
An even easier method is having them track their time . This can be as simple as writing down how they spend their time each day for a week or so , noting how long they spent on specific tasks or how long communication with a certain client required . There 's also time-tracking software you could invest in to easily view the team 's productivity at a glance .
Also , remind remote workers to note how they felt . If they 're tired and spending 45 minutes on social media in the early afternoon , that 's definitely not when they 're most productive .
Related : How to Wake Up Early Without Sacrificing Your Sleep
Limit distractions
Remote workers struggle daily with unclear priorities and constant distractions . Be empathetic as they sort this out . It may involve some trial and error , but if you guide them , your team members will get this down pat .
To steer your team in the right direction in regard to priorities and distractions , encourage your team to keep their to-do-lists short . This should include only their top two or three goals for the day . ( On your end , this means not bogging them down with lengthy to-do-lists . )
To meet those select high-value goals , let them know the power of scheduling . I plan my entire day the evening before ; this keeps me focused and prevents anything that 's unplanned from wasting my day . To that end , give them tips on how to eliminate distractions . I let my remote team in on my secrets : This includes turning off email and message notifications on my phone and batching similar tasks together . If I work from home , I sometimes place a “ Do Not Disturb ” sign on my office door .
If you have something important to discuss with an employee , do n't email them throughout the day . You 're better off scheduling a five-minute phone call to address the matter . This way , everyone can stay focused on work instead of sending back-and-forth emails for hours .
Related : 3 Strategies for Creating a To-Do List That Almost Does Itself
Encourage employees to be their own tech support .
Remote workers are completely at the mercy of technology . This means if a computer crashes , their internet connection fails or their power goes out , they have to fix it ASAP or make their way to another location . Either solution results in time spent not working . And if they do n't seek out those solutions , they 're not making money , as well as falling behind on the work you 've assigned .
As such , they need to serve as their own tech support when they experience hardware or software problems . The first place to start is to let them know who to speak to . If their internet goes down , they should have the direct tech support number for their internet service provider . That eliminates time wasted on the phone with an employee who ca n't assist them . It also helps to ensure employees have a mobile hotspot in case of emergencies .
If you have an employee who seems to excel at IT problem-solving , you may even suggest that they take some online tech support classes . For a small pay bump and reimbursement for the classes , they can add to their skill set and serve as your team 's go-to tech assistant in addition to their regular duties . This can empower your employee and provide others who are less tech-savvy with some needed relief .
Remote workers tend to be self-sufficient employees who excel at figuring things out . That does n't mean , however , that they do n't need tools and resources only you can provide . Think through the ways you could be hampering your remote workers ' productivity , and do your best to get out of their way so you can both reap the rewards of remote work .
Adnerys De Jesus has scored over 1,000 points in their 3 years as a member of the Cardinals ' team
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ronda Rousey has starred in the hit TV show Blindspot as the UFC star begins to transition towards a career outside of the Octagon .
The former UFC Women 's Bantamweight Champion saw their aura of invincibility with two devastating losses to Holly Holm and Amanda Nunes .
After a crushing comeback defeat at the end of last year , Rousey made a guest appearance in the US crime drama series in an episode called `` In Words , Drown I . ''
Rousey portrayed Devon Penberthy , a prison inmate serving time for transporting weapons across state lines .
( Photo : NBCUniversal )
( Photo : NBCUniversal )
( Photo : NBCUniversal )
( Photo : NBCUniversal )
( Photo : NBCUniversal )
The 30-year-old featured alongside Audrey Esparza , who plays Tasha Zapata in the NBC show .
UFC President Dana White said earlier this year that they felt Rousey was 'done ' with the sport , while Rousey admitted they hope to act more in the future .
`` Blindspot was awesome , '' Rousey told TMZ Sports . `` I really loved it . I hope I get to go back . ''
9 Ab Exercises
Nine New Ab Exercises To Help You Get That Six-Pack
Year after year , countless men swear that they will work their abs and achieve the elusive six-pack ; most of these men fail . The reasons for wanting great abs are simple : You 'll feel good about yourself and therefore boost your self-esteem — and girls love them.Here are 9 of the all-time best exercises for your abs . They will help you to whip that gut into shape . Just remember that without a proper diet and a fat-burning cardio regime ( such as high intensity interval training ) , your ab crunches will be in vain .
We all know mobile gaming is big business , but it 's quite mesmerizing to watch how much each of the most popular mobile games makes every second .
Music Magpie has put together an interactive chart of how much games are making each second – using data from Think Gaming - and the most successful app is unsurprisingly Pokémon Go .
Pokémon Go makes an incredible £506 ( $ 617 , AU $ 823 ) in five minutes while Clash of Clans makes £458 ( $ 558 , AU $ 745 ) and Candy Crush Saga £413 ( $ 503 , AU $ 672 ) .
Other big titles on the list include Game of War – Fire Age , Mobile Strike , Clash Royale and Candy Crush Soda Saga .
That 's a lot of money every minute . Real Madrid footballer Cristiano Ronaldo makes around £181 ( $ 220 , AU $ 294 ) in five minutes , which is less than Clash Royale makes in the same amount of time .
What 's worth noting is this is only earnings from each of these games ; it may be Pokémon Go is n't the most profitable option in the list when you take into account outgoing expenses .
U.S. Army Staff Sgt . Michael Copen , left , a computer network technician for West Virginia
National Guard Joint Force Headquarters , discusses the Joint Incident Site Communication
Capability kit with U.S. Air Force Senior Airman Trevor Whittington , standing ,
a system administrator for the 167th Airlift Wing . JFHQ-WV signed over the JISCC
to the 167th Communications Flight in December . The satellite-based communication
system provides internet , telephone and radio capabilities during emergency events
where normal communications may be disabled .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 12.08.2016 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 07:10 Photo ID : 3166963 VIRIN : 161207-Z-PU513-0006 Resolution : 1790x1194 Size : 647.69 KB Location : US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 167th Communications Flight acquires new capability , by SMSgt Emily Beightol-Deyerle , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
By The Associated Press
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — The son of Henrietta Lacks is seeking compensation for the unauthorized use of their mother 's cells in scientific research since their 1951 death , as detailed in a best-selling book .
The Baltimore Sun reports that Lawrence Lacks , their son and daughter-in-law say they plan to file a lawsuit against Johns Hopkins University in coming weeks .
Attorneys previously told the family the statute of limitations had passed , but attorney Francis Lanasa says they would use a “ continuing tort ” argument that Johns Hopkins continued to violate the “ personal rights , privacy and body parts ” of Henrietta Lacks over time .
Johns Hopkins officials say no established consent practice or regulations on cell use for research existed when the cells were taken .
The 2010 nonfiction book “ The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks ” focuses on Lacks ' cell line , one of the most important in medical research .
© 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has admitted there is a `` significant '' gap between England and the world 's best sides .
The Three Lions are currently ranked 13th after another tournament failure at Euro 2016 .
Southgate has been in charge of four games , winning two and drawing the other two , including against Spain in November .
Next up is a clash with Germany in March and Southgate admits England must get closer to the world 's top nations .
`` We 've got to be better - everything we do has got to be better . Even being second in the world is not good enough , '' they told the Telegraph .
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : Ian Walton )
`` We 've got to work smartly on how we can bridge that gap , as it 's a significant one . ''
Southgate is set to face a number of big decisions with their next squad for the Germany clash .
Skipper Wayne Rooney has barely featured for Manchester United while Jamie Vardy has had a disappointing season with champions Leicester .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
( Photo : Plumb Images )
And Southgate insists they will not just pick their players on name and their previous achievements .
`` I never pick on reputation - form has to come into it . You have to look at the opposition and the type of game you 're expecting and select the players best suited to that , '' they added .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Henrikh Mkhitaryan has revealed that it was Jurgen Klopp who first game them their nickname 'Micki ' , report the Manchester Evening News .
The Manchester United playmaker joined Klopp 's Borussia Dortmund in 2013 but their new coach found the five syllables in Mkhitaryan 's surname problematic .
Klopp bestowed Mkhitaryan with a shorter version of their family name and it has stuck so successfully Jose Mourinho refers to the Armenian by their abbreviated form .
`` When I came first to Dortmund Jurgen Klopp said , 'Listen , Mkhitaryan , it 's your family name , it 's too long , ' '' Mkhitaryan told the BBC World Service . `` 'So Henrikh , it 's too long . Let 's call you Micki . Are you okay ? ' I said , 'Okay , no problem . ' And since that day they started calling me Micki .
( Photo : Bongarts/Getty )
`` I 'm thankful to them [ Klopp ] because they picked me from Shakhtar Donetsk when I was in Ukraine , thanks to them because they worked a lot on me .
`` Most of their work was on my personality , on my psychological part because I was really very stressed after a few games and we were playing very bad and I 'm thankful to them because they showed me the way , how I have to do what I have to do .
`` He was always supporting me , saying that okay everyone is making mistakes , everyone is playing bad , but you do n't have to bring your head down , you always have to keep your head up . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Henrikh Mkhitaryan talks about difficult times at Old Trafford Share this video Watch Next
Mkhitaryan has excelled for United under Mourinho since they returned from a two-month exile in November and has even forced a change of formation through their playmaking brilliance .
The 28-year-old insisted there were similarities between Mourinho and Klopp but they are outweighed by their differences in approach to management .
`` They are both very friendly and very good in their jobs , '' they added . `` Like two big managers , but the way of their work is different . ''
Supreme Court Delivers Blow To Republicans , Declines To Take Up Pa. Redistricting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to take up a Republican challenge to the newly drawn Pennsylvania congressional map ahead of the 2018 elections .
The decision means Republicans have few , if any , options remaining to try to stem a map that will almost certainly result in Democrats picking up potentially three or four seats and could make half a dozen or more competitive .
Tomorrow is the filing deadline for candidates for Pennsylvania 's April 26th primaries .
Last month , the Supreme Court also declined to block the state court decision that said the old GOP-drawn map violated the Pennsylvania Constitution .
Republicans drew a gerrymandered map in 2011 that resulted in a 13-5 congressional district advantage . That was despite Democrats having won the state in five straight presidential elections at the time .
Democrats need to win a net of 24 seats to win a majority in the U.S. House .
The decision comes on the same day a federal court dismissed a lawsuit filed by Republican members of congress challenging the new map . It 's a double gut punch to the GOP and all but guarantees that Democrats pick up a few seats , and in an election with control of Congress at stake , every seat counts .
Legally , the challenge could also open the path to a slew of state court challenges .
Challengers to the 2011 GOP-drawn map called into question its legality based on the state constitution , a rarity that could provide a road map for challengers in other states .
The Supreme Court 's decision Monday also shows a possible reluctance to weigh in on state law when it comes to redistricting .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Retired Britons are rushing to move to the likes of Spain , Portugal and France before Brexit makes resettling there more difficult , according to experts .
OAPs and early retirees are heading for warmer continental Europe to beat red tape , financial advisers said yesterday .
The Government has insisted free movement will end the day the UK leaves the EU in March 2019 , meaning no automatic right to relocate .
One expert , whose clients are largely British expats in Spain , said a customer had taken early retirement to beat the Brexit deadline .
Chris Burke , of the Spectrum group of independent financial advisers , added : “ People looking to retire to Spain are bringing it forward and moving out now . ”
( Image : PA )
Some 900,000 Britons currently live in other EU nations . An estimated 300,000 were living in Spain in 2016 , with over-65s making up around 40 % of those .
One company which helps retirees moving to the mainland said monthly inquiries to its website had doubled in a year , with actual business up by 25 % . Jason Porter of Blevins Franks , which provides financial and tax advice to expats , added : “ The feeling we are getting from our clients is that it is better to be in the country before Brexit than looking to do this after .
“ The main concerns that people thinking about retiring to Europe have been around three issues : residence , healthcare and the UK state pension triple lock . ”
But migration expert John Springford , of the Centre for European Reform , warned the “ golden age of British retirees heading to the Costas is probably over ” .
And they told the Guardian : “ Retirees are expensive .
“ There is no way Spain would allow lots of Brits to retire there and use their health system unless young Spanish people could come and work in the UK . If we do n't have free movement , it 's very unlikely we 'd have retirement rights . ”
Other top EU destinations for expats are Ireland , with 249,000 Britons living there , and France , with 171,000 . About 3.2 million Europeans are based in the UK .
© Zach Gibson/getty images/KJN
A Democratic memo written to counter a Republican document released Friday claims that the government presented additional evidence that would undercut the GOP conclusion , according to The New York Times Republicans say in their now-public memo that the FBI did not reveal that information underlying a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) request came from a politically motivated source.The Democratic countermemo reportedly claims that the FBI did reveal the source of the information was politically motivated , according to two Times sources.the Times reported.According to the GOP memo , the FISA application to spy on former Trump aide Carter Page was based in part on a dossier tying President Trump to Russia compiled by former British spy Michael Steele , whose opposition research was partially funded by Democrats.The House Intelligence Committee memo says that the Steele dossier `` formed an essential part '' of the FBI and Justice Department-approved surveillance . Democrats claim that additional evidence led to the warrants and the Steele dossier provided only a small part of the FBI 's argument.Republicans on the committee voted against the release of the Democrats ' countermemo , but [ if oversight requests are consistent with ]
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah chose not to celebrate their brace against Roma in the first leg of Liverpool 's Champions League semi-final clash on Tuesday night .
The Egyptian king left the Serie A giants for the Anfield club in the summer , putting pen to paper with Liverpool in a deal worth £35million .
When they scored against Chelsea earlier in the season they refused to celebrate out of respect for their former employees , and did the same thing twice on Tuesday night .
Salah was instead seen holding their hands out in front of them as their Liverpool team-mates dived all over them and celebrated their goals passionately .
( Image : BT Sport )
Speaking in the BT Sport studio after the game Gary Lineker , Rio Ferdinand , Frank Lampard , and Gerrard discussed Salah 's brilliance in netting a brace and assisting two more goals in the 5-2 win .
Lineker then said : `` Equally impressive was that it must have been so difficult not to celebrate in the semi-final of the Champions League and out of respect , obviously for Roma , they did n't . ''
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
Lampard replied : `` Fair play , I like that . ''
The studio then turned towards Gerrard to see what the Liverpool legend made of Salah opting against celebrating . And it seems that while the Reds Champions League winner was n't against it , they were surprised Salah was able to resist .
`` Inside they must have been bursting to go crazy , '' said Gerrard .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Liverpool will take on Roma again in the second leg of their Champions League semi-final next week , where they will be hoping to kill the tie off with an early away goal .
Roma meanwhile , who pulled off a remarkable turn around against Barcelona in their quarter-final clash with the Catalan giants , will be hoping lightening can strike twice .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hartpury will now play Cornish Pirates at home with the Mennaye Field in Penzance ruled unfit to play on .
After a pitch inspection at the Pirates home ground it was decided the game , which has already been rescheduled once , would have to be played at Hartpury College .
The game will now be played at Hartpury College at 4pm on Saturday , following the Gloucester-Hartpury Women v Worcester Valkyries game .
In a statement , Cornish Pirates said : “ Following dialogue with the RFU requesting the possibility of determining , through the pitch inspection protocol , if the pitch would be playable on Sunday or , as the weather forecast was better for Sunday and Monday , if the match could be played on Monday evening , the RFU turned down both requests .
“ The RFU 's B & I Cup organising committee has stipulated that the game should take place at Hartpury on Saturday 3 February with kick-off at 4pm . Hartpury have offered free admission to the game . ”
Cornish did not have a replacement venue available and the game has been shifted to Hartpury as a result .
Pirates added : “ The Cornish Pirates had requested that it should be played on the next Championship reserve/rest weekend of 23/24/25 February , over a month before the quarter finals are due to be played .
“ This would allow more certainty of the game taking place as the forecast is that the weather will be much improved in February .
“ The Cornish Pirates believe that we have made every effort to find a suitable alternative RFU Minimum Ground Standard pitch that would accommodate the match during the stipulated period . ”
Hartpury will offer three entry to the Gillman 's Ground for the game .
The game is a dead rubber for Hartpury but Cornish Pirates can still qualify for the next round with a win .
Neal Ardley felt that their AFC Wimbledon side shaded today 's 2-2 draw at home to Millwall .
The Dons fought back twice from falling behind to end a two-game losing streak .
Ardley said : “ Their first goal is a wonderful strike and the second one is an unfortunate error . But I think that the stats showed me what I thought – that we were the better team .
“ The second one [ Steve Morison 's lob ] is just unfortunate . If [ Lee ] Gregory wins the header then Morison is two yards offside .
“ Our second goal is exceptional . Lyle [ Taylor ] brought some zest to the side .
“ When you have lost two games you do n't want to lose a third . The fixtures were tough over Christmas , the fixture list had not been kind to us . ”
When the Democrats say , “ He 's not my president , ” they are n't kidding . Most Democrats still refuse to accept the result of the 2016 election , and their party consistently refuses to extend to President Trump the routine cooperation that makes our democracy function . The most blatant example of this is the Democratic minority in the Senate . The Democrats under Chuck Schumer have abused longstanding Senate rules and courtesies in a way that we have never seen before .
On Friday Marc Short , the administration 's Director of Legislative Affairs , joined Sarah Sanders at a White House press briefing . They laid out the facts regarding the Democrats ' unprecedented obstructionism , beginning with a description of the nomination process :
The Senate , obviously , has the constitutional responsibility for advice and consent . So what that looks like in real life is the President selects a nominee , they then undergo an entire FBI background check , they work with the Office of Government Ethics to de-conflict financial issues — and that 's a process that takes a good amount of time , a good amount of resources . Only then , after cleared through an FBI background check and the Office of Government Ethics , is a nominee submitted to the United States Senate . When they get to the Senate , they go through several additional evaluations , including meetings with staff , meetings with the members on both sides of the aisle . The nominee then undergoes a hearing and the committee then votes on the nominee to get out of that committee . At that point , the nominee moves to the Senate floor for full confirmation . Traditionally , the Senate routinely confirms the administration 's nominees once out of committee . It is there to respect the will of the American people and the election for an administration to fill out its roles under a new President . Instead , what Senator Schumer has done is to require cloture votes to essentially slow down the process and to obstruct .
How bad has the Democrats ' obstruction been ? It has violated all historical norms :
At this point , in the past four administrations combined — the last four administrations — the Senate had conducted 17 cloture votes combined ; cloture vote , in essence , being a filibuster on a nominee . Seventeen cloture votes in the last four administrations combined , at this point . Today , the Senate has had 79 cloture votes in the first 14 months of our administration . Seventeen , over the last four administrations , versus seventy-nine in the first 14 months of our administration . That is roughly five times the number of the last four administrations combined .
What 's the point ? If a cloture vote is demanded ( i.e. , the Democrats filibuster ) , under Senate rules there must be 30 hours of debate . Which means that the Senate grinds to a halt :
Senator Schumer is essentially weaponizing a Senate procedure and demanding cloture votes on our nominees that they even eventually supports . Eleven of the President 's nominees have been approved without a single dissenting vote , yet still forced to go through a 30-hours of debate to essentially slow down the Senate calendar simply for the purpose of obstruction . Even Senate Democrats have begun to call this out and to say it is getting to the point of ridiculous . At this rate , the United States Senate would take eleven and a half years to confirm our nominees . Eleven and a half years to confirm our nominees .
So , contrary to all precedent , the Democrats are determined to prevent President Trump from ever staffing their administration . Short offered more on the numbers . There can be no doubt that what Chuck Schumer and the Democrats are doing is a brand-new phenomenon :
In the first entire term of the George H.W . Bush administration , their entire four years , they faced one cloture vote . In the entire four years of the Clinton administration , they face 10 cloture votes . Under the George W. Bush administration , the entire first term , they faced four cloture votes . Barack Obama faced 17 in their first entire four years . We have faced 79 in our first 14 months . That adds up to 32 combined in the entire first four years of those administrations , relative to 79 in our first less than a year and a half .
Short also cited specific examples of important executive branch positions that are vacant because Chuck Schumer has abused Senate rules to slow-walk all nominations . If you were really naive , you might think that the reporters attending the press briefing would be shocked by the numbers Short laid out and would respond with sympathetic questions .
Just kidding . We all know the political sympathies of the White House press corps . So here are the questions that reporters asked in response to the facts that Marc Short laid out :
Q Thanks a lot , Marc . Thanks for coming out . You mentioned the plight of your nominee at the State Department for the Arms Control position , and you mentioned the need for having that person for the upcoming negotiations with North Korea , yet you still do not have a nominee to be the U.S . Ambassador to South Korea . Why is that ? When will you have that nominee ? And is that position also important for your efforts ?
This one I think is particularly funny , from a reporter who apparently was n't listening :
Q Marc , thanks . You know well what goes on on the Hill . This is part of the toxic nature that 's been going on for several years . I mean , the Democrats pushing back because of Republicans . What are you doing to ease or water down that toxicity ? What can you do ? And secondly , explain to those who do n't understand how it is that a minority party — when you control both the Congress — you know , both the House and the Senate — how you 're unable to get it through , because that is one of the big stumbling blocks for people to understand why you 're complaining .
More from another Democratic Party reporter , not to be redundant :
Q Do you see it as a reflection of , for example , when Obama was in office and the Republicans said they were going to make it their prime concern not to pass any legislation that Obama favored . Do n't you see that as part of the problem ?
More :
Q And the Republicans do n't bear any of the blame ?
* * *
Q Marc , has the President had any personal conversations with Senator Schumer about this “ obstruction , ” in your words — specifically , as he 's been having conversations about infrastructure and other matters . Have they had Senate Democrats over here ? And why have n't we heard more from them talking about this ?
* * *
Q Marc , is there the possibility that the President could offer something — make a deal where not everyone gets what they want ? But has they offered anything to Senator Schumer in exchange for helping get some of these nominations through ?
Marc Short 's answer to this one is worth reproducing :
MR. SHORT : I guess it 's hard for me to understand what it is that we should be offering when the American people elect a President — elect a new administration to come in — and the expectation is they should be able to fill out their administration . The Senate has an advise-and-consent role but why should we be offering making a deal on something that should be the normal process of the United States Senate ? For us , that would be kind of hard to understand .
The Democratic Party reporters continue :
Q I mean , in their conversations on DACA , has there been any suggestion — you know , we would make some concessions on DACA if you help get some of the nominations through ?
* * *
Q On DACA , is there room for a smaller deal ? Are you working a smaller deal now — one that does n't have all four pillars but that might be part of the omnibus ?
* * *
Q Just to be clear , Marc , do the challenges of getting personnel cleared through the U.S. Congress prevent the President from changing the makeup of their Cabinet right now if they wanted to ?
After this there were a number of generally-hostile questions about foreign and domestic policy , some relating to changes in the Trump administration . The briefing ended on this ignominious note :
Ms. SANDERS : I 'll take one last question . Jeff . Q So we are about to enter the 15th month of this administration . Why is it that there is still a need for change inside the President 's Cabinet or among their circle of advisors ?
As though there had been no personnel changes in prior administrations ! Did this reporter just fall off the turnip truck ?
MS. SANDERS : Look , as we 've said many times before , you want the right people for the right time , and as policy priorities change , that means that sometimes you 're going to have personnel change . That 's not different for this administration as it has been in any other administration , and we 're going to continue to add new staff regularly . I 'll take one last question . Q Does the President enjoy the drama ?
There you have it . If there is a reporter in Washington concerned about the Democrats ' unprecedented effort to block the executive branch from operating , they did n't attend Friday 's press briefing .
Magazines are n't the vital sources of culture that they once were , but Melissa Jones thinks they still have a place in the creative media matrix .
Jones , who founded creative consultancy DTE Studio a decade ago after years as an art director at record companies , including Tommy Boy , and a stint at V Magazine , has launched Masthead magazine , a large format online product heavily focused on photography , but that serves as a passion project and a new type of branding venture .
“ Obviously , magazines are very challenging now in print and online , and I think a lot of [ media ] is about feeding the beast and having this very content-heavy , fast-moving [ product ] with a large volume of information constantly flowing , and that 's just a different area than what we 're working on , ” Jones said . “ We 're doing something that 's a little bit slower , a little bit more focused and a little bit more like a gallery and less like a shopping mall . ”
Indeed , Masthead 's first issue , photographed entirely by Michael Avedon , the 27-year-old grandson of the legendary Richard Avedon , with contributors like Alex and Olivia Chantecaille of Chantecaille Beauté , the artists Francesco Clemente and makeup artist Ryan Burke , is far from the garish “ buy this ” look of many magazines , online and off . There 's nary a brand mentioned for any of the Masthead photos and no ads , yet . Jones said there 's possibility for brands to get involved more formally , but that they want to establish Masthead as a creative product first .
Albert Watson is photographing the next issue , launching Thursday with an official release party , and their portrait subjects will include Jay-Z 's new protégé Young Paris , model Coco Rocha , architect Craig Dykers and even Marky Ramone , all of whom will muse on the broad topic of technology . But it seems the topic being discussed comes secondary to the photography when talking with Jones . And it 's understandable given Watson 's decades of work and their apparent integrity when it comes to the commercial side of the business . Watson earlier this year sued Compagnie Financiére Richemont for allegedly using one of their more well-known photos of Mick Jagger , saying they had never made it , nor many others of their celebrity and model prints , available for commercial use . Jones got to know them about 15 years ago on a shoot and never forgot the level of skill they brought .
“ Albert 's not taking 10 shots — they line it up , they carefully light it , he 's very experienced and they know exactly what they want and they take one photograph and it 's pristine and precise , ” Jones said with admiration . “ You see [ with Watson ] how experience builds and has meaning . Their photos from the Seventies and Eighties really stand and my big question is , can a lot of the young photographers today do that again ? To slow down and focus on a more refined craft , I think there room for that now . ”
But Jones does n't shy away from admitting that Masthead is an extension of their consultancy and something that serves a networking function . Burke , for example , has become a client since appearing in Masthead 's beauty issue and agencies like DTE becoming publishers in their own right is an intriguing , if improbable , thought as so many traditional publishers continue to struggle with the loss of ad revenue .
“ It is a big passion project for us , but it 's also a great outlet for our business , for brands to be able to experiment with us and also for us to collaborate with a lot of interesting , different folks , ” Jones said . “ It has a lot of opportunity . ”
For now , Jones wants Masthead to be a stand-alone creative effort that draws people in with its photos and subjects and maybe even gets them out of the narcissistic bubbles social media and targeted advertising so easily reinforce .
Jones mentioned that they recently turned off targeted advertising on their Facebook account , something the platform only just started to offer in response to its user privacy scandal , and that it made her , an advertising professional , realize that she 's actually missed seeing things like car commercials and ads for outdoor furniture .
“ In theory , it seems like it should be nice to have things tailored to you , ” Jones said , “ but it made me realize diversity , from an interest and topic and everything standpoint , is something I 'm interested in and makes me feel whole . ”
For More , See :
Mario Testino 's Creative Agency Closes in New York , Adjusts in London
A Hand Goes Up for Gawker in Bankruptcy Sale
Rewards Worth the Risk for Facebook Advertisers
It 's the stuff of spy novels . North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un 's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport , and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack .
Several questions surround their suspicious death , but perhaps the biggest is : Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead ?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades , except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport . They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland .
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he 's the son of Kim Jong Il , North Korea 's notorious former dictator .
`` You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
`` Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life , primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau , '' Madden says . Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs . Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family 's personal fortune overseas , which includes homes in Singapore , Beijing and Paris .
Kim 's fate took a turn Monday morning , while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport . Something caused Kim 's sudden death .
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler 's face with cloth . Police say emergency responders rushed the man , whose travel documents identified them as `` Kim Chol , '' to the hospital , but they died en route .
`` It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics , '' Madden says .
In South Korea Tuesday , Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler .
`` The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam . We have not confirmed the exact cause of death , '' Jeong said .
Kim could have died of natural causes , given their sedentary lifestyle and the family 's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure . But if they were killed , theories run the gamut as to why .
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled , or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un 's good graces . But they 're all just guesses , says Madden .
`` Nobody knows , and I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' they say .
As with so much about North Korea , even a man 's demise is dressed in mystery .
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul . Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur .
Kinsey Institute Study Reveals How Much We Sext
Trending News : Here 's How Many Americans Admit To Sexting
Long Story Short
The Kinsey Institute did an expansive study looking into how people around the world interact sexually in the digital age and learned some remarkable facts about sexting and hooking up .
Long Story
Sexting is a fine and delicate art , one not to be tainted with an unwarranted dick pic . But I probably do n't need to tell you that . Because chances are , you 're already sexting away at work , on the bus or right beside me at this café ( ugh ) .
The highly credible Kinsey Institute teamed up with Clue to find out how humans connect around the world in the digital age , and when I say around the world , I really mean it . Some 140,000 adults over 18-years-old were polled in 198 countries ( yes , there are that many countries in the world ) . And the results are clear : sexting is far more than a fad .
A whopping 67 % of respondents said that they 've sexted in their life . That 's 45 % more than 5 years ago . Wow .
Nearly half of the world 's population , 43 % , say they sext via SMS , but many more Americans ( 65 % ) use old-school texting than everyone else . Unsurprisingly , the kids aged 18-20 are n't as likely to use SMS . So ... sexy Snaps ?
But how does America stack up in the most sext-happy countries ? Well , not first . Come on America , I thought you were great ?
The country most likely to sext is South Africa at 77 % , followed by the U.S. at 74 % . Meanwhile , Japan ( 34 % ) and South Korea ( 30 % ) are the least likely to sext , but they can easily go to a cuddle club , so what 's the point ?
The study also revealed a pretty fascinating fact about dating sites — they 're , not just for hooking up . Hear that mom , dad and all you 're dating app haters ! ? Just 10 % of people admit to using dating apps for one-night stands , while 15 % use them for finding a partner . Although , perhaps they are n't using the right hookup websites ?
According to Amanda Gesselman , research scientist at the Kinsey Institute , this evidence of how popular interacting online has become shows a positive impact of technology on our lives : `` While there are many reports on the consequences of technology on our private lives , these results relay a more positive story : that people are leaning on technology to help them create better experiences for themselves and their partners , '' they said .
Now that 's what I call a sexy reason for backing technology .
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
Are people connecting more , or are they just using online dating instead of going out and meeting people IRL ?
Drop This Fact
One of the most popular times of the year for online dating is right now , so get on it before cuffing season comes .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Lynn Spears has had a roller coaster week since their eight-year-old daughter Maddie was involved in a terrifying ATV accident .
But it looks like Britney Spears ' niece is finally getting back to their old self .
Them mum took to Instagram to share their first photo of Maddie since the accident .
And the brave girl was all smiles as they prepared to hand out chocolate to their friends at school .
“ Maddie is n't quite ready to return to school , but their doctors did clear them to bring in their Valentine 's Day treats to their class today , ” Jamie commented on the picture shared with their 1.3m followers .
“ It made them so happy to see their friends , and be able to give them such cute treats , ” they continued .
“ It was a great moment for us after everything that has happened . We are so thankful to celebrate Valentine 's Day with the ones we love , and we do n't take a second of it for granted . ”
( Photo : jamielynnspears/Instagram )
Earlier this week , Britney said thank you for the `` miracle '' as their niece was released from hospital .
The eight-year-old daughter of the singer 's younger sister , Jamie , was seriously injured in an ATV accident .
Britney had previously asked fans to pray for their niece , and has now said their prayers have been `` heard and answered '' .
As Maddie was flown out of hospital in a helicopter , Britney took to Twitter to thank everyone who shared their prayers .
They posted on Twitter : `` So grateful that Maddie was able to go home today ... it 's truly a miracle . Our prayers were heard , and they were answered ! Thank you so much for all of your love and support this week . My family appreciated it more than you will ever know . ''
Jamie Lynn 's daughter Maddie appears to be on the mend after the ATV accident that left them injured .
The eight year old was pictured smiling as they flew out of hospital in a helicopter .
Them mum posted the picture to Instagram to thank the hospital that helped their daughter and fans around the world who offered their love and support .
The former Zoey 101 star wrote : `` Thanks to the amazing first responders , and medical teams at University and Children 's Hospital in New Orleans , LA , we are headed home with our baby girl as they continue to recover .
( Photo : jamielynnspears/Instagram )
`` Above all else we are so thankful for each and every prayer , because we know that is what truly made the difference . Thank you again to everyone . We are truly blessed ''
Jamie Lynn also tweeted , saying : `` We 're headed home with our baby girl as they continue to recover . Thank you again to everyone . We are truly blessed ''
It comes after a spokesperson for the Spears family confirmed they had regained consciousness and was talking .
They told People magazine in a statement : `` With their father , mother and stepfather by their side , Maddie regained consciousness mid-day Tuesday , February 7 .
“ The 8-year-old daughter of entertainer Jamie Lynn Spears was involved in an ATV accident at a family home Sunday in Kentwood , La . Paramedics resuscitated them and they were airlifted to a local hospital .
`` She is aware of their surroundings and recognises those family members who have kept a round-the-clock vigil since the accident . ”
It continued : “ Doctors were able to remove the ventilator today and they are awake and talking . Maddie continues to receive oxygen and is being monitored closely but it appears that they have not suffered any neurological consequences from the accident . ”
According to a police report , Maddie was at home in Louisiana with parents Jamie Lynn and their stepdad Jamie Watson when their ATV crashed .
The report , obtained by People magazine , says the accident happened in full view of them .
( Photo : jamielynnspears/Instagram )
Just before 3pm on Sunday , Maddie was steering the ATV - which they reportedly got for their 7th birthday - in order to avoid going over a drainage ditch .
“ In doing so , they overcorrected causing the ATV to enter the pond , ” the report states . “ The ATV and child were instantly submerged in the water right before their eyes .
“ Within seconds the child 's mother , stepfather and other family members reached the pond , dove in and attempted to rescue the child to no avail . The child was trapped and secured by the seatbelt and the ATV 's safety netting .
( Photo : TLC )
`` Within two minutes , Acadian Ambulance Services arrived and assisted in freeing the child from the cold waters . ”
After news emerged , Maddie 's family members urged people to keep them in their prayers .
Britney Spears tweeted on Monday : `` Need all the wishes and prayers for my niece . ''
While Maddie 's granddad Jamie shared : `` All I can say is pray for our baby Maddie . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Kieran Alder has left Bishop 's Cleeve to join Hellenic League Premier Division side Tuffley Rovers .
Striker Jack Sklenar is also looking for a new club after leaving the Mitres .
Boss Steve Cleal has brought in Ben Tunnicliff from Tuffley , but they will not feature in Saturday 's FA Trophy preliminary round tie against Larkhall Athletic .
Tunnicliff 's younger brother Will is currently on loan at Cleeve from Gloucester City .
Cleal has also put in a seven day approach for Fairford Town centre-half Ben Saunders .
Skipper Kirk Layton is struggling with a neck problem , but is hoping to be fit to face Larkhall .
A report on estimated loss of maize due to Fall Armyworms and dry spell released by the Ministry of Agriculture , Irrigation and Water Development projects that overall estimated loss of hectares is at 580,000 .
Speaking to Malawi News yesterday , Ministry of Agriculture Spokesperson Osborne Tsoka said about 380,000 hectares have been affected with the Fall Armyworm .
“ The dry spell has affected about 270,000 hectares while the Fall Armyworm has affected about 380,000 hectares . Severely attacked hectares accounts for about 40 % , which is a loss of 73,000 metric tones of maize , ” Tsoka said .
Tsoka was quick to say the current figures are subject to change , either for the better or worse , in the event that rains come or not .
“ The situation can change , that is why the ministry is still monitoring the situation on the ground . In a year , we harvest about 3.4 million metric tonnes and , out of that , in terms of the annual national requirement its around 3.2 million metric tonnes .
But we have not come up with the figures in third quarter , ” they said . They could not disclose details on the strategies that government has put in place in preparation of the looming hunger .
“ On that I can not say much but what is in the pipeline is that , for those areas that are already receiving rains , we are providing pre-maturing variety of maize and we are also considering provision of drought tolerant crops such as cassava and sweet potatoes . In areas where farmers have access to irrigable land , then they need to do irrigation . These are some of the strategies that government has , ” they said .
On Thursday last week , Minister of Agriculture Joseph Mwanamvekha admitted that the food situation looks gloomy as a result of the two national disasters that have befallen the country and left over three million people in need of food aid .
Source link
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Employees and employers can at least breathe a sigh of relief as authorities seek to improve the controversial Pensions and Terminal Benefits Act of 2010 .
Both Treasury and Reserve Bank of Malawi ( RBM ) —the two government institutions that are championing the evaluation—have confirmed to Weekend Nation that consultations are underway with different stakeholders to review the pension law .
Ministry of Finance and Economic Development spokesperson Davis Sado said on Tuesday the review will help the Act to be updated with the current trends .
“ Being a review it is a process , so we are still looking into the proposed areas of review and concretise them to come up with issues [ on ] which we have to consult stakeholders to come up with a position , ” they said .
When pressed to spell out specific areas expected to be scrutinised , Sado said RBM was better placed to comment on that .
In July 2011 , Malawi implemented the new Pensions Act which , among other provisions , made pensions mandatory to all employees to build national savings .
Prior to the law , there were mixed views regarding the mandatory pensions . Proponents argued it will increase/improve national savings and facilitate increased infrastructure development .
However , the Act sparked controversy because of a clause that required 60 percent of pension benefits to be withheld from the beneficiaries until they reach the retirement age of 60 .
Another grey area in the law , according to interest groups , is failure by government to set a ceiling for pensionable emoluments and the decision not to allow the pension funds to be used as collateral .
Currently , there are three scenarios one can access pension investment . These are : when you retire ; should you die while still working ; and should you resign , be retrenched or dismissed and are unable to secure alternative employment after six months .
In an interview , Finance Minister Goodall Gondwe described the exercise as normal and important .
“ These things are meant to be reviewed all the time and we will not be the only country that does it , ” they said .
Following the implementation of the Pension Act in 2011 , government and pension firms emerged as major winners with pension assets growing from K59.5 billion in 2010 to K520 billion in 2017 , according to RBM .
Pension contributions—the amount of funds that individuals and their employers put into pension funds also grew from K5.8 billion in 2010 to K30.6 billion in 2016 .
In terms of people on pension , the numbers have risen from 74 000 in 2010 to about 260 000 at present .
On monthly basis , at least K4.7 billion is contributed to the fund from over the 260 000 members .
However , insurance industry players still feel more needs to be done as the savings are being contributed by 260 000 Malawians , which is a small proportion of the Malawi population [ now estimated at 17.8 million ] .
“ There is value that can be gained if savings were encouraged for the general populace , ” said an expert in the industry .
RBM spokesperson Mbane Ngwira on Tuesday said the review will take into account changes in the economy , including looking at the possibility of accommodating self-employed people “ who were left out in the new law which only covers the employed . ”
Ngwira said the contentious decision to disallow the use of the funds as collateral , as was the case previously , will also form part of the review .
“ Previously people could use the funds as collateral for any type of loan but then the law was changed , but stakeholders argued that if you want a pension contributor to live comfortably , why not use the same funds as collateral for housing , than for one to have millions as pension funds but without a house , ” Ngwira explained .
They highlighted that pension is ‘ insurance ' and , therefore , it is important that the Pensions Act is in tandem with the Insurance Act ; hence , the need for the review .
According to a 2013 World Bank Doing Business Report , Malawi 's mandatory pension scheme was a negative reform which worsened the country 's business climate .
But throughout the years , government officials have defended the new pension scheme which was introduced during the Bingu administration and makes it mandatory for employers to contribute 10 percent to the fund monthly while the employee contributes 5 percent .
The Malawi Congress of Trade Unions ( MCTU ) has since welcomed the review .
MCTU secretary general Dennis Kalekeni said the labour force movement has misgivings with the current Act and the concerns were raised during consultations with RBM .
Said Kalekeni : “ Our major concern is the current arrangement whereby people are only paid 40 percent of their contribution when they retire and government retains the 60 percent which is paid as salary on the 14 of the month .
“ Government should consider giving the 60 percent and retaining the 40 percent which is paid on monthly basis . ”
The post Pensions Act under microscope appeared first on The Nation Online .
Source link
Italian Suspect Accused Of Targeting People Of Color Wounds 6 In Drive-By Shooting
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
An Italian man , who reportedly ran unsuccessfully as an anti-immigrant candidate in a local election last year , wounded several foreigners in the central city of Macerata during a drive-by shooting on Saturday , according to police .
The suspect was identified as 28-year-old Luca Traini , according to multiple Italian media reports , citing police .
Sky TG24 reports the rampage lasted for at least an hour as the suspect began firing shots from their car before noon targeting people of color throughout the city and wounding six people all from Africa .
The mayor said the victims were five men and one woman and at least one person was in serious condition .
The shootings sparked widespread fear as police warned people to stay indoors and the mayor issued a curfew .
It only came to an end once the black Alfa Romeo was blocked , at which point the driver got out donning the Italian flag , made a fascist salute and submitted themselves to police without resisting arrest , reports the Ansa news agency .
Police say Traini had no previous arrest record .
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
Italian media report Traini made a failed bid last year in administrative elections in the nearby city of Corridonia with the anti-immigrant Northern League party .
The ruling center-left Democratic Party said Traini also fired shots at one of their offices in Macerata on Saturday , reports Reuters .
Matteo Salvini , who heads the Northern League party , tweeted on Saturday , `` Violence is never the solution , violence is always to be condemned . And whoever is wrong , must pay . '' They went on to say , `` Immigration out of control leads to chaos , anger , social conflict . Immigration out of control leads to drug dealing , theft , robbery and violence . ''
The drive-by shooting comes during a tense time in Macerata after a Nigerian asylum seeker was accused in the murder of an 18-year-old woman whose dismembered body was found on Wednesday .
Northern League leader Salvini said the center-left government was responsible for their death for letting migrants stay in the country , reports Reuters . They posted to Facebook earlier this week of the Nigerian suspect , `` What was this worm still doing in Italy ? ''
Christopher Livesay has reported for NPR that a recent surge in migrants to Italy has fueled right-wing anger over jobs and other benefits .
Princess Charlotte may have a brand-new baby brother , but yesterday they proved the spotlight will always be on them
The 2-year-old royal stole the show when their dad , Prince William , walked them and older brother , Prince George , into the hospital to meet their younger sibling hours after mom , Kate Middleton , gave birth .
While 4-year-old George seemed a little bored by all the hoopla , Charlotte could n't stop waving and smiling at the media . William and Kate later posed for pics with the newborn on the steps of the Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital as women the world over marveled that Kate was leaving the facility -- in heels ! -- just seven hours after giving birth . That 's clearly one of many differences between a Royal and a commoner .
Click HERE to see pics .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Suzuki 's '£20million ' sponsorship deal with Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway is believed to have been one of the biggest British non-sports TV deals .
But in light of Ant McPartlin 's drink drive arrest following a three-car smash in south west London on Sunday , the car giant has revealed it is 'in dialogue ' with ITV regarding the remainder of the two-year contract .
Responding to a statement from ITV which confirmed the show will not air at all this Saturday , and that Ant will not feature in the remaining two shows as they seek treatment in rehab , a Suzuki spokesperson told Mirror Online : “ Suzuki GB PLC is aware of a statement issued this evening by ITV .
`` Suzuki will remain in dialogue with ITV and advise media when appropriate regarding the last two episodes of the series , please note that no further comment is available from Suzuki at this time ” .
Earlier today , Ant - who last year underwent treatment for an addiction to painkillers - sensationally confirmed he 's heading back to rehab following their drink drive arrest .
“ Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments , '' a statement from Ant and Dec 's rep said .
`` He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future . As such ‘ Saturday Night Takeaway ' will not be going ahead this Saturday . ”
ITV released its own statement , confirming this week 's show will not go ahead , and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : MailOnline )
Did you see what happened at Ant 's crash site ? Email webcelebs @ trinitymirror.com to tell your story
“ ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend , '' a spokesperson said .
“ We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series ( March 31 and April 7 ) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment . We very much hope that they get the help that they need . ”
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : WENN.com )
Footage emerged showing the 42-year-old looking shell shocked and unsteady on their feet just seconds after a three-car smash .
The TV favourite was nicked by cops after crashing their black Mini into two other vehicles on Sunday afternoon . They failed a roadside breathalyser test and was held in police custody for 10 hours for questioning .
Their mum Christine Woodhall was in the car at the time , having gone for a walk with their son and their dogs at nearby Richmond Park . They returned to the west London home they now share since Ant 's split from their wife Lisa Armstrong , and was seen leaving this morning to be smuggled away in a luxury Mercedes van .
Earlier today they were locked in 'crisis talks ' with their management team hours after being arrested and held on suspicion of drink-driving .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Ant still has 18 months left of their three-year £30million 'golden handcuffs ' deal with the TV company and had been scheduled to work on the three remaining episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway , Britain 's Got Talent and November 's I 'm A Celebrity .
It was around this time last year that Ant 's addictions to prescription painkillers and alcohol were really taking their toll on the telly star - which they came clean about in an emotional interview in July 2017 .
A 'botched ' knee operation had left Ant in agony and he 'd turned to substance abuse to help cope with the pain .
Revealing their struggle to The Sun , they thanked their now estranged wife Lisa Armstrong for helping them though .
`` I want to thank my wife , family and closest friends for helping me through this really difficult time . I was at the point where anything — prescription drugs , non-prescription drugs — I would take , '' they said in July .
`` And take them with alcohol , which is ridiculous . The doctors told me , 'You could have killed yourself ' . The great thing is I spoke to a lot of the medical team and I 'm not an alcoholic . I was just drinking too much to numb the pain .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Flynet )
( Image : Instagram/lisaamkup )
`` It was never crazy — I would n't wake up in the morning and have a drink . But it was the mixing pills with alcohol that was deadly , '' they added .
Ant then entered a private rehab centre for drying-out treatment and seemed back to their normal self when they returned to TV screens in November for I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! .
`` I 've taken a little break from booze — I 've done two months and I 'll do a little bit longer , '' Ant revealed in the same interview .
`` But I 'm looking forward to having a pint . God , yes ! I ca n't go to Australia and not have a cold one at the surf club with Dec like we normally do .
`` That 's something to look forward to but I have to get well first . ''
Due to holiday deadlines , we were unable to print last Saturday 's postseason games , but here is a wrap-up of the regular season for Southington 's tournament-bound teams :
Baseball
Daniel Topper led off the bottom of the seventh inning with a hit , stole second , and reach third on an error . On Monday , May 21 , the Knights finished the season with a 5-4 win , but it did n't come easy .
Topper scored the winning run with a one-out sacrifice fly to center by Dylan Chiaro .
Southington led early with a two-run rally in their first at bat , but NW Catholic scored three in the third to regain the lead . Southington scored twice in the fifth inning , but it took Topper 's score in the seventh to secure the win .
Jason Krar earned the victory with one inning in relief . The Knights finished with a 12-8 record .
Softball
With two wins in the final week , Southington ( 19-1 ) locked up the top seed in Class LL standings with wins over NW Catholic and Rockville .
Kara Zazzaro allowed just three hits on Monday , May 21 as the Knights held off NW Catholic , 4-0 . Zazzaro collected 10 strikeouts to secure their eighth shutout of the season .
Chrissy Marotto and Sarah Myrick had four hits . Nicole Greco 's first of two runs sparked a 3-run rally in the fifth inning to put the game out of reach . Rose and Madison Rocha scored .
On Wednesdays , the Knights held off Rockville , 2-1 . Both teams scored in the sixth inning , and Southington took the lead in their final at bat .
Myrick led the way with three hits in three at bats . Abby Lamson and Myrick scored . Zazzaro allowed one run on four hits to get the win , striking out 18 .
Boys Golf
Southington went 1-2 in their final week to finish the season with an 11-4-1 record .
On Monday , the Knights lost to Simsbury , 148-163 , at Simsbury Farms CC . Max Chubet ( 37 ) , Shawn McKnerney ( 40 ) , Cam Zegrzdyn ( 42 ) and Austin Carta ( 44 ) scored for the Knights .
On Tuesday , Southington rallied for a 146-164 win over Farmington at Hawks Landing CC . CJ McManus was medalist with an even-par 35 . McKnerney ( 36 ) , Carta ( 37 ) , and Zegrzdyn ( 38 ) scored .
Southington finished up on Friday with a 153-173 win over NW Catholic . McKnerney was medalist at even-par 35 . Chubet ( 37 ) , Zegrzdyn ( 40 ) , and McManus ( 41 ) scored .
Girls Lacrosse
On Monday , May 21 , Southington took a 10-3 lead in the first half and cruised past Windsor , 19-5 . With the win , Southington improved to 7-8 .
Tallie Richardson set the pace with four goals . Sarah Mafale , Taylor Borla , and Emma Doran scored three goals apiece . Amy Chudy ( 2 ) , Julia Jackman ( 2 ) , Stephanie Zera , and Gabby Fiora scored .
Julia Wells had 23 saves to get the victory .
Boys Tennis
The Blue Knights split the final week to end the
season at 12-5 .
On Wednesday , Kevin Chudy-Jon Kryzanski and Mike Kwok-Jake Holbrook secured doubles wins for Southington , but Matt Baloing was the only singles player to win in a 4-3 loss to South Windsor ( 14-4 ) .
Southington bounced back with a 7-0 win over Platt in the season finale . Baloing , Nate Zmarlicki , Andrew Kudla , and Kyle Naworol won at singles . Chudy-Kryzanski , Kwok-Holbrook , and Brett Rycki-Alex Klinzmann won at doubles .
Girls Tennis
Senior Molly Murphy defeated Emmy Petronio of Newington in straight sets to clinch the victory , and Southington went on to win their season finale , 6-1 .
Abby Murphy and Coral Tommervik scored wins in singles play . Chantelle Gimenez-Carolyn Callahan , Samantha Barmore-Madison Beaudoin , and Emma Wojcicki-Gianna Wadowski won in doubles play .
Southington finished the regular season at 14-4 .
For more in depth coverage , see our weekly print edition . To contact sports writer Brian Jennings , email them at BJennings @ SouthingtonObserver.com .
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers , a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends .
The report , Cannabis Legalization and Regulation , also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services , and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old .
“ The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians , ” Camille Quenneville , CEO of CMHA Ontario , said in a statement Monday . “ When taken together , our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue . ”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018 , CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward .
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens .
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot , especially for youth and heavy consumers “ ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions , ” as well as extensive public education campaigns .
The “ most concerning ” issue is driving high , with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana , the report says .
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment , it says .
“ Because the technology to detect an individual 's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time , CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition , ” the report says . “ A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle , and any passengers in the car . It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use . ”
While the Canadian Medical Association , which represents the nation 's doctors , called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21 , CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19 .
“ Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people , ” the report says . “ However , there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources . Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market , and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it . ”
aartuso @ postmedia.com
Football Soccer - Premier League - Manchester United vs West Ham United - Manchester , Britain - August 13 , 2017 Manchester United 's Romelu Lukaku celebrates scoring their second goal Action Images via Reuters/Jason Cairnduff
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Romelu Lukaku scored twice on their Old Trafford debut as Manchester United delivered their biggest Premier League win in nearly three years to rout West Ham United 4-0 on Sunday .
Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba also struck late on as United outshone all their rivals over the weekend to top the fledgling table , leading manager Jose Mourinho to salute their new-found confidence .
Sunday 's other game saw Tottenham Hotspur win 2-0 at newly promoted Newcastle United whose captain Jonjo Shelvey was sent off for a deliberate stamp on Dele Alli in front of the referee .
At Old Trafford , a United side inspired by Nemanja Matic , their 40-million-pound signing from Chelsea , provided another expensive newcomer , the 75-million-pound Lukaku , with the perfect service .
Lukaku , who also scored against Real Madrid in last week 's Super Cup , netted 25 times in the league for Everton last season and looked equally deadly following their move to United .
The Belgian struck in the 33rd and 52nd minutes , first getting on the end of a perfect through ball from Marcus Rashford and then heading a second goal from a drifted Henrikh Mkhitaryan free kick after the break .
Martial and Pogba then ruined former City keeper Joe Hart 's return to Manchester with further strikes that sent the crowd away confident that last season 's problems of winning at home will not be repeated .
`` It was a dream come true , '' said Lukaku . `` The win was good , four goals and a clean sheet .
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle , Britain - August 13 , 2017 Tottenham 's Dele Alli scores their first goal Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
`` Jose Mourinho wants me to be the leader and create as much as I can . The fans want to see attractive football . It is just the start . ''
Mourinho was not inclined to get carried away , pointing out that United also started last season well , but said : `` The team was confident -- a word I like . ''
Slideshow ( 11 Images )
At St James ' Park , Spurs ' victory was almost as easy once Shelvey suffered their moment of madness in the 48th minute .
The spark point was Alli 's refusal to give Shelvey the ball after the Tottenham midfielder was fouled . The 25-year-old Shelvey responded with a stamp that left referee Andre Marriner no choice but to give Newcastle 's captain the third red card of their career .
Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez said Shelvey apologised to their teammates after costing Newcastle the match on their Premier League return .
Shelvey will now serve a three-match ban .
Goals by Ben Davies and Alli themselves sealed the Tottenham win with Kyle Walker-Peters named man of the match on their Premier League debut .
Bizarrely , the full back was a replacement for the almost identically named Kyle Walker , who joined Manchester City in the off-season .
ROCKBRIDGE COUNTY , Va.- - First responders in Rockbridge County now have an easier time finding people who get lost . Typically , 911 operators are the first to get the call for help .
Now , a computer program is helping save lives faster . It 's called Avenza Maps .
Rockbridge 911 supervisor Cathy Cochran said it 's useful in finding people during emergency situations .
`` Just last week , we had a lost canoe that was found . And the gentleman was on the trail and they did n't know exactly where they are . We used the information that I got and give it to them and they were able to pinpoint them and go through somebody 's backyard , '' Cochran said .
When a 911 call comes in , the map finds the caller 's location through the phone 's cell signal and sends it directly to this map on their computer .
The coordinates are handed over to Rockbridge County Fire and Rescue .
`` We type those coordinates in and it gives us a location . Then we can pin that location , studying and figure out where our access points are going to be so that we can have a coordinated effort to get all our units to the spot , '' said Kevin Moore .
Rockbridge County Fire and Rescue learned about the software from the U.S. Forest Service . It was also used to determine the size of the recent Tye River Fire .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
An Progressives Congress aspirant in the Osun-West senatorial district , Chief Ademola Adeleke , may have defected to the Peoples Democratic Party to contest the July 8 senatorial by-election .
A chieftain of the PDP , who pleaded anonymity , said this while speaking with our correspondent on the telephone , on Tuesday .
The PDP chieftain said Adeleke would contest on the platform of the opposition party .
They said , “ We have been talking to our leaders and members on this . We want to win this election and we know that they are popular . Adeleke will contest on the platform of the PDP .
“ The APC has decided to clear Mudashiru Hussain despite their disqualification and the Adeleke group is aware that the APC primary would be manipulated to favour Hussain . ”
One of the supporters of Adeleke , who pleaded not to be named , confirmed this to our correspondent on the telephone .
He , however , said the camp was waiting for the PDP to break the news .
Adeleke could not be reached as calls placed to their telephone indicated that the line had been switched off .
Their media aide , Mr. Olumide Lawal , did not pick the call placed to their telephone to confirm or deny the insinuation .
But the Chairman of the PDP in Osun State , Soji Adagunodo , confirmed the defection of Adeleke to the PDP via a text message to our correspondent .
The Secretary , Adeleke Support Group , Alhaji Saheed Afolabi , who is a chieftain of the APC , said Adeleke had picked the PDP nomination form to contest the primary expected to hold on Wednesday .
They said , “ Otunba Ademola Adeleke has picked the PDP nomination form . You will see them at the PDP primary election tomorrow . They are only going for affirmation because the PDP has talked to their aspirants and they have all agreed that Ademola Adeleke should be given the ticket . ”
“ The APC Screening Committee disqualified Senator Mudashiru Hussain , the Appeal Committee disqualified them but the NWC , after an intervention by some powerful persons , manipulated the whole thing and overturned it . We know what they mean but we are also ready for them .
“ The entire people of the Osun-West senatorial district are solidly behind Ademola Adeleke . They can not stop them and they are going to win this election . Our appeal to INEC and the acting President , Yemi Osinbajo , is that they should not allow the desperate APC leaders in Osun State to use them to rig the election . ”
Comments
comments
by
By : Abby Bivens
Staff Writer
@ abigaillorene
PACE completed two more lectures of their series “ Democracy Across the Disciplines ” over the past few weeks including discussions on protests and social work .
Nov. 20
Dr. Michele Schlehofer , chair of Salisbury University 's psychology department , spoke on “ Community Organizing and the Psychology of Protest . ”
Schlehofer began by explaining the concept of community organizing as “ a process by which people in a community come together to conduct work that acts in their shared interests . ”
They described this process as a way to build shared power , including both electoral and non-electoral strategies .
Organizing in this fashion , or protesting , will typically include those who are marginalized and not democratically represented in a conventional manner .
One method of community organizing is direct social action , a popular strategy in the United States which centers around a theme of morality and social justice .
Direct social action occurs in a public arena and overtly expresses discontent .
Examples of this include protests , marches , sit ins , demonstrations and occupations .
Schlehofer briefly discussed the effect that social media has on direct social action in an increasingly digital world .
They believe that it has both a positive and negative impact . Last year 's Women 's March on Washington was the largest social action event ever organized in American history .
This event was solely organized and facilitated through social media platforms .
However , Schlehofer explains that the professional community believes social media leads to a decrease in direct action .
Allowing users to participate in a solely digital manner creates large campaigns that quickly dissipate , such as the # MeToo campaign .
The proof of this has been shown directly on social platforms such as Twitter , where topics can be trending for up to a day and people share their opinions .
Most of these topics are forgotten soon after .
They say that social media 's power needs to be harnessed for effective organizing , but that physical action is much more successful .
An important concept to remember is that direct social action is often controversial and divisive , but such demonstrations bring mass public attention and swift action .
Because of this , direct social action should only be used when attempts at more peaceful manners of reform have not been successful .
Dr. Schlehofer explains when direct social action is appropriate . Abby Bivens image .
Schlehofer encouraged anyone interested in community organizing to visit a site called Community Toolbox .
On this website , visitors can have free access to trained community organizers who can answer any questions they might have about grassroots organizing .
Schlehofer is currently being considered for one of these consultant positions for next year .
Nov. 27
For the 12th lecture , social work professor Jim Forte gave a lecture entitled “ Social Work & the Spirit of Democracy : Facilitating Mutual Aid Groups & Legislative Advocacy for Vulnerable Citizens . ”
Forte traced the roots of social work in America to Hull House , a community settlement house in Chicago , founded in 1889 by humanitarian Jane Addams .
They joked about their life motto , ‘ WWJD ' saying that “ although I am a fan of Jesus , it stands for ‘ What Would Jane Do ? ' ”
Forte listed the basic and intermediate needs they believe should be provided for citizens in a democracy , which is designed to provide dignified living for all .
These needs include access to nutritious food and water , safe housing , clothing , physical and economic security , a safe work environment and birth control .
A large portion of their lecture focused around an annual rally that occurs in Annapolis , MD .
The annual Keep the Door Open rally “ stands up for the more than one million Marylanders who live with a behavioral health disorder , ” according to its website .
It brings experts and those affected by mental health issues to Lawyer 's Mall in the heart of downtown Annapolis during the General Assembly session to capture the attention of state legislators .
Participants urge their representatives to preserve funding for behavioral health services .
SU 's social work department sends representatives to this rally every year .
Dr . Forte showed a clip from the 2016 rally featuring numerous legislators who chose to speak , specifically Montgomery County Delegate Eric Luedtke .
“ Here 's the simple fact – Maryland is the richest state , of the richest country in the world , ” Luedtke said . “ Nobody should go without treatment because the state wo n't step up . ”
During their lecture , Forte attempted to prepare the group to advocate for those who are unable to do so themselves .
They asked students to prepare a short statement to share about a cause that is important to them .
As the end of the semester approaches , there are only two lectures remaining in the series , one of which will be an interactive discussion .
The next lecture will be “ Democracy in Pop Culture ” on Dec. 4 . As a reminder , all PACE lectures are open to any SU student and members of the surrounding community .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
NAROWAL : An influential landlord on Saturday brutally tortured a woman over children 's fight in Narowal .
According to reports , landlord Mohammad Aslam Jutt and their son assaulted Afia Bibi , who is a mother of five children , with sticks and stones . Aslam 's son also dragged the woman on the roads by pulling them with hair .
No one from the area alerted the police or helped the woman .
Afterwards , Afia Bibi 's husband Mohammad Amjad told the security personnel that a few days ago , village children scuffled with each other after which , Mohammad Aslam threatened them with severe consequences if they wo n't leave the village . They said they had no other place to settle after leaving their home .
They continued that Aslam tortured their family when they were out for livelihood .
We all know that monks and nuns are famous for brewing some of the finest beer and working wineries . But did you know that now your coffee ( or tea ) addiction can benefit the church as well ? Read more
News category : Odd Spot .
New Delhi : Salman Khan-Katrina Kaif starrer Tiger Zinda Hai opened to mixed reviews but won glory at the Box Office . The film managed to earn Rs 154 crore in just four days of its release in India .
It continues to do a good show despite the release of Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's Padmaavat starring Deepika Padukone , Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh .
'Tiger Zinda Hai ' raked in Rs 15 lakh yesterday , has so far minted a mammoth Rs 338.34 crore on the Box Office .
Trade analyst Taran Adarsh on Saturday took to Twitter to announce the news saying , `` # TigerZindaHai [ Week 7 ] Fri 15 lakhs . Total : ₹ 338.34 cr . India biz . BLOCKBUSTER . # TZH . ''
Helmed by Ali Abbas Zafar , the film has surpased likes of 'Dangal ' and 'Bajirao Mastani ' in terms of collection . The action-thriller is the sequel to the 2012 film 'Ek Tha Tiger ' and is based on the 2014 abduction of Indian nurses by terrorist organisation ISIL in 2014 .
The film also stars Sajjad Delfrooz , Angad Bedi , Kumud Mishra , Nawab Shah , Girish Karnad and Paresh Rawal in supporting roles .
By Elisha Amadasu –
Young chess player Hamilton Shillingford is one who has a true interest in the game . They started learning when they were 4-years-old from their mother , and when they started getting better than her , they started getting taught by their dad . They developed a liking for chess and they did n't really know why , but their interest continued to grow from there .
Hamilton has had the opportunity to practice with a stellar chess club in New York , the Marshall Chess Club . Names such as Brooklynites Alex Lenderman as well as Irina Krush have gone there to play in tournaments ( nytimes.com ) .
The club , named after GM Frank Marshall , also has a foundation which has a goal to stimulate the love of learning and studying by young people through educational programs and lectures . They often have age-skill level tournaments as well . Also , where appropriate , the foundation supports the chess community through scholarships and direct financial support to those in need . You can visit them at marshallchessclub.org .
While interviewing Hamilton , I asked them about their very notable achievement , winning this year 's New York State Scholastic Chess Championship as the Elementary State Champion in Saratoga Springs , NY . When asked how they felt when they received a remarkable 6 out of 6 score , they said it felt good and exciting to receive such a score .
When they were about to play in the final round , there were only two players at 5-0 , top-rated Tyler Tanaka from Quebec and 15th-seeded Hamilton . They had just defeated 5th-seeded Yassamin Ehsani in round five to set up the championship game . Even though Hamilton was over 400 points lower-rated , they won the game finishing in a clear first !
It is also evident that Hamilton had people to support them in their chess growth at the Dalton School , and when asked how it felt to transition from elementary to a new school , Hunter College High School , as well as perhaps changing teams , they replied that it was not that unfortunate .
It will be nice for them to continue and practice with those same people as before as they continue to grow as a chess player .
Finally , Hamilton has proven to have a significant fondness of Bobby Fischer , the first American world champion who reignited American chess . On Hamilton 's Web site , fishingforfischer.com , they write Bobby 's quote , “ Chess is life ” , and when asked why they agree with the statement , they replied that chess is something that helps you focus/concentrate , and chess is full of calculation , as is life , what to do , how you do it , as well as how there are ups and downs in both life and chess , and you just have to learn from them .
Bobby Fischer also impacts Hamilton personally , as Hamilton has studied many of Fischer 's games , they also have a book of their games and they believe studying Fischer 's games will help them grow as a chess player .
When asking Hamilton about whether they would want to continue chess as a career , they said they are n't sure if they would want to pursue it as a career , but rather just as a hobby . However , with their 1774 rating and the amazing interest they have for chess , as well as just the overall advice they gave for others , it shows that they are hardworking and that they may not only prosper in the field of chess , but other things as well . I do not doubt that we will be seeing a lot from this young man .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Raw 's next pay-per-view showing , as part of January 's Royal Rumble , is still over a month away , but some aspects of that show were built towards on Monday night .
Braun Strowman took on Kane , with the winner being handed a Universal Championship match against Brock Lesnar at the Royal Rumble , whilst Roman Reigns will be hoping to still be Intercontinental Champion by then , as they continue to defend their title every week on Raw .
The likes of Finn Balor , Matt Hardy , Seth Rollins , Cesaro , Bayley and Paige were all in action on Monday night ; here are seven things you missed overnight from this week 's edition of Raw ...
( Image : © WWE )
Absolution defeat Bayley and Mickie James
One of the major stories in recent weeks has been the return of Paige , and the formation of their brand-new faction , Absolution , handing promotions to former NXT talents Sonya Deville and Mandy Rose , with all three women laying waste to the rest of the division of late .
This week , Paige teamed up with Rose this week , taking on two former Women 's Champions in Bayley and Mickie James – and it was Absolution with the win , with Mandy Rose pinning James for the victory ... though Absolution were n't finished there , as later in the night they launched an attack on Asuka , only for the rest of the Raw Women 's Division to rush down to the ring and retaliate , with a 'them versus us ' mentality brewing .
Finn Balor eases past Curtis Axel
With The Miz away right now , the Miztourage – Curtis Axel and Bo Dallas – are taking over duties , and it was Axel , who removed their neck brace , who took on Finn Balor in a predictably one-sided affair , with Balor claiming the win with a Coup de Grace .
The problem for Balor is that beating Curtis Axel it 's relatively inconsequential . It takes them no closer to reclaiming the Universal Championship they never lost , whilst he 's not in the Intercontinental Championship mix either . Balor is in no-man 's land right now , and whilst another win is great , beating Axel will do little to help him .
Bray Wyatt and Matt Hardy have a laugh-off
Last week , the WWE universe got what they had long asked for ; Matt Hardy to become 'broken ' again , as they had seen in TNA back in 2016 . 'Broken Matt ' has fully transformed now , introducing themselves last week in a bizarre back-and-forth with Bray Wyatt .
The same thing happened again this week , as Hardy and Wyatt exchanged barely-distinguishable messages , before breaking down into what appeared to be a laughing contest . It was somewhat bizarre , but maybe – just maybe – Wyatt has met their unconventional match in 'Broken Matt ' .
Seth Rollins defeats Sheamus , but Dean Ambrose loses to Samoa Joe
The Bar may have retained their Raw Tag Team Championships , but their battles continued this week , as Seth Rollins took on Sheamus , with Rollins – limping due to a concerning injury to their left knee – snatching the win .
Shield partner Dean Ambrose was n't quite so lucky later in the night though , as interference from Jason Jordan ultimately left them stranded against Samoa Joe , with The Destroyer winning with their Coquina Clutch submission , though just what Jordan 's plans are remained to be seen .
Cedric Alexander wins Cruiserweight Fatal Four-Way
With WWE revoking Rich Swann 's place in the No . 1 Contender 's match for the Cruiserweight Championship , a second chance Fatal Four-Way was booked for Raw , with Cedric Alexander , Mustafa Ali , Ariya Daivari and Tony Nese locking horns .
It was Alexander who came out on top , meaning they will now challenge Drew Gulak on Raw next week , with the winner going on to face Champion Enzo Amore – though tensions mounted between 'Zo Train ' members Amore and Gulak after the match , given that their relationship could be on the line if they meet for the title .
Roman Reigns edges past Cesaro , retains Intercontinental Championship
Roman Reigns continues to put their Intercontinental Championship on the line on Raw , as having successfully defended it against Jason Jordan last week , it was Cesaro 's turn to step up and take a shot this week .
The Swiss Superman pushed Reigns to the brink in a superb match , but the Intercontinental Champion retained their title with a Spear for the win , seeing off another challenger in the process .
Braun Strowman vs Kane ends in a draw
Raw built towards its main event , which saw Braun Strowman and Kane go head to head , with the winner going on to face Brock Lesnar for the Universal Championship at the Royal Rumble in January – but the situation is somewhat confusing after Monday night 's result .
The match between the two giants , who have been targeting each other for weeks now , ended in a double count-out draw , and whilst the two men laid waste to each other after the match – with Strowman sending Kane through a table – Lesnar 's opponent for the Royal Rumble remains unclear .
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( KRQE ) – An Albuquerque hairdresser received bigger tips than any hairdresser the world has likely ever seen . But there 's a problem ; their customers are giving them those tips by accident , and those accidents have led to a maze of problems .
Inside a modest shopping mall in northwest Albuquerque , longtime hairdresser Dawn Warnack is making a modest living beautifying customers with cuts , colors and style .
“ Sometimes it 's feast or famine , ” said Warnack . “ I did raise three kids doing this profession , but you have to work hard and you have to have a lot of clients , and you have to love it . ”
She 's made a name for themselves over the last 18 years in Albuquerque , building up clientele along the way .
Warnack was named the best hairstylist in 2016 by Albuquerque The Magazine .
“ She 's great , ” Sandra Sanchez , one of Warnack 's clients , told KRQE News 13 .
“ It allows you to be creative , it allows you to be social , ” Warnack explained of their profession . But despite their skills , it surprised everyone when Warnack received the biggest tip she 'd ever seen last August .
“ I 'm good but I 'm not that good ! ” Warnack laughed .
A client swiped their credit card , chose a tip amount , and signed for the total using a popular credit card payment application .
“ She leaves me like a $ 3 tip and it turned into $ 3,000 , ” Warnack recalled .
They immediately called PayHub , the company that runs the app they use for mobile credit card payments .
Warnack said a PayHub representative told them how to process a refund before the transaction finalized . The crisis was averted until another client came in .
“ I said , ‘ let 's just see if it happens to you . ' I was just joking ! ” Warnack recalled .
“ And sure enough they gave me a $ 25 tip and when it went to finalize it said $ 25,000 . So they panicked , I panicked . ”
They immediately refunded the mistaken tip through the app and notified PayHub once again about the glitch .
Days later , Warnack gave highlights and a haircut to long-time customer , Sandra Sanchez .
“ I 've been coming to Dawn for at least 10-15 years , ” said Sanchez .
Sanchez said they swiped their credit card with Warnack 's PayHub app , then chose a tip amount for the $ 80 service .
“ I selected 20 percent , the button , and went ahead and signed my name with my fingertip , ” said Sanchez . “ It was not doubled or anything like that . ”
Long after they left the salon , Sanchez woke up to a mobile alert from their bank at 4 a.m .
“ Insufficient funds , ” Sanchez recalled . “ It does definitely make your heart stop for a minute . ”
The money in their bank account was gone . Sanchez figured they were a victim of identity theft , until they saw their hairdresser 's name on the charge .
Sanchez 's $ 16 tip turned into $ 160,000 . To be exact , a tip for $ 160,540.25 actually went through . They said their bank told them once the original purchase was approved , the tip was automatically green-lit .
“ People trust you that when you do their hair , they trust you with their hair and then they trust you with their money , ” said Warnack .
The hairdresser immediately refunded the massive tip and worked with their customer 's bank to fix the problem .
“ When they give you a tip , that 's out of gratitude , it 's not expected , ” Warnack told KRQE News 13 . “ So then something like that takes advantage of their gratitude and it makes me uncomfortable . I do n't want people to think that I was the one putting the money in . ”
After settling the problem with their customer 's bank account , it turned out Warnack 's problems were n't over .
They received a bill from PayHub for their cut of all those transaction fees , nearly $ 3,000 . That 's more than they normally make in a month .
“ What 's the whole point of having a refund button if you 're gon na get penalized for using it ? ” Warnack asked .
“ If you go to the grocery store and refund something or give something back , it 's done . You do n't have people coming back to you saying you owe fees on something that you returned or on money that you returned , ” they added .
To make matters worse , the IRS is now involved . The $ 160,000 they never made showed up on their 1099 as income for the month of August .
“ The whole thing is wrong , ” said Warnack . “ I ca n't be the only person this has happened to . ”
KRQE News 13 found out she 's not the only one who 's had issues with a tip glitch on PayHub .
PayHub 's customer service told KRQE News 13 to email Central Payment Systems , which processes payments for the Texas-based company .
Central Payment Systems directed KRQE News 13 to SignaPay , PayHub 's parent company . SignaPay 's Vice President of Business Development told KRQE News 13 over the phone it appears there was a system-wide error last August and September .
Merchants around the country reported erroneous tip amounts to businesses that use PayHub . However , SignaPay assured News 13 the glitch is now fixed .
So why is Warnack being charged thousands in transaction fees for PayHub 's problem ?
“ They still now wo n't return my phone calls or return my emails , ” Warnack explained . They said she 's been disputing the transaction fees for months .
After News 13 started asking questions , Warnack got a call Monday from a Central Payment System representative who assured them the issue will be resolved , and the company will no longer charge their transaction fees for the mistake .
Warnack has since stopped using PayHub , and now uses a different app .
Them customers are n't holding the tip mistakes against them Although , some clients have gone back to writing their old fashioned checks .
Sanchez said she 's now keeping a closer eye on them emailed receipts after swiping their credit card .
“ I thought at the time , well I know what I spend and I 'm pretty good about that , ” said Sanchez .
“ It does make me realize that there 's more than just yourself and the merchant that might be involved , ” they added . Sanchez warns other consumers to always read the finalized total on credit card purchases .
Warnack 's biggest tip is one for the books .
The hairdresser is still working with the IRS to fix their tax mess . Them client that left the $ 160,000 tip said she 's thankful they had mobile alerts set up from their bank , or they may not have caught the mistake early enough .
By The Associated Press
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( AP ) — A local Pakistani government official says a suicide bomber has targeted the administrative headquarters of a tribal region in the country 's northwest , killing two police officers .
Hameedullah Khan says Wednesday 's bombing struck at the main gate of the tribal headquarters in Ghalanai , in the Mohmand tribal region .
No one immediately claimed responsibility of the attack .
Earlier this week , a suicide bombing killed 13 in eastern Pakistani city of Lahore . A breakaway faction of the Pakistani Taliban — the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar or Freedom Movement — claimed that attack .
Advertisement
The breakaway faction is based in the Mohmand area — part of rugged , lawless regions along the Afghan border which have long served as safe havens for local and al-Qaida-linked foreign militants .
Pakistan has waged several offensives against Islamic militants in recent years .
Mario Batali Steps Aside From Their Restaurants Amid Sexual Misconduct Allegations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping aside from directing their restaurants and taking leave from their TV cooking show following reports of sexual misconduct over a 20-year period .
The move was apparently spurred by a report published Monday morning on the dining and food website Eater , in which four women allege that Batali touched them inappropriately :
`` Three of the women worked for Batali in some capacity during their careers . One former employee alleges that over the course of two years , they repeatedly grabbed them from behind and held them tightly against their body . Another former employee alleges that they groped them and that , in a separate incident , they compelled them to straddle him ; another alleges that they grabbed their breasts at a party , though they no longer worked for them at the time . ''
The fourth accuser is a chef who says they met Batali at a party 10 years ago :
`` Minutes into their conversation , they recall , they told her , 'Come work for me , I 'll pay you double what you 're making . ' Moments later , someone bumped their glass , spilling wine all over their chest and down their scooped-neck shirt . They allege that Batali began rubbing their breasts with their bare hands while saying something like , 'Let me help you with that , ' as they groped their chest . 'He just went to town , and I was so shocked , ' the chef says . 'Jaw on the ground , I just stepped back from them in utter disgust and walked away . ' ``
In the article , a number of other current and former employees at Batali 's restaurants described bullying and lewd behavior . Some said they had complicated feelings about Batali , who has also championed a number of women 's careers and started a children 's education and empowerment foundation .
Batali did not deny the allegations , admitting they comport with their past conduct .
`` I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt , '' Batali said in a statement to Eater . `` Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behavior described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family . ''
Batali will remain an owner at their restaurants , but they said they would hand over day-to-day oversight of their businesses while they work to regain the trust of those they have hurt and disappointed .
A spokesperson for Batali 's restaurant group , Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group , told Eater that it had received its first formal complaint of inappropriate behavior by Batali in October . It said Batali was reprimanded and required to attend training .
`` We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment . We train employees in these policies and we enforce them , up to and including termination , '' the group said in a statement . `` Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company 's operations , including the restaurants , and [ he ] has already done so . ''
Batali hosts a cooking show on ABC called The Chew . On Monday , the network said it has asked Batali to take leave from the program while it reviews the allegations . `` While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct , '' the network said in a statement to NPR .
The allegations against Batali join a cascade of sexual harassment complaints against powerful men , including senior news managers at NPR .
Batali rose to prominence in the mid-1990s with the launch of their Food Network show Molto Mario , which ran for 10 seasons . They and Joe Bastianich opened the restaurant Babbo in New York 's Greenwich Village in 1998 . They now have 10 restaurants in New York , as well as eateries in Las Vegas , California and Singapore . They are a partner in Eataly , the Italian food emporium with locations around the world .
In 2012 , Batali and Bastianich agreed to a $ 5.25 million class-action settlement with employees who claimed the partners ' restaurants had illegally confiscated part of their tips .
Atari 's upcoming video game console , the Atari VCS , is now available for pre-order .
With a release date slated for mid-2019 , the once-legendary developer and publisher is looking to re-establish itself in the hardware space with a retro-inspired platform capable of playing both classic and modern games , with the promise of online capability and support for 4K resolution .
After launching a curious campaign on Indiegogo to fundraise for development of the console last year , Atari has now raised around 15 times its $ 100,000 target . You can see the full list of specs at the Indiegogo page .
So , what do I get ?
The design and branding are reminiscent of the Atari 2600 , the 1977 console credited with popularizing the use of game cartridges . Originally named the Atari VCS before a rebranding in 1982 , the console was a sizeable mainstream success , and came to be seen as a mainstay of the video gaming industry at large .
There are two Atari VCS models now available for pre-order , with the standard Onyx version taking orders at $ 199 , and a classier Day One Collector 's Edition ( with a genuine wood front ) coming in at $ 299 . Both are marked as on sale for a limited time only .
They should be compatible with a wide range of peripherals and controllers , though anyone placing an order should receive a “ re-imagined Classic Joystick ” alongside a more contemporary “ Modern Controller ” , Atari says in a press release .
The console also differs from modern rivals by running on a custom Linux operating system , which apparently will allow users to add and customize their own software in some regard .
Other details are thin on the ground , which makes it impossible to gauge the VCS 's potential draw . Nostalgia is big business , however , and Atari seems to be betting on its ability to appeal to the generation of gamers who grew up with an earlier Atari console .
Cathy Adams Full Profile Login to follow
THE hibiscus plant outside my loungeroom window is often a sunning spot for carpet snakes , so it was n't unusual when one came to visit this morning .
It was a bit unusual to see them with a friend though ... and even more unusual to see a third arrive ... and then a fourth .
‘ Angry Birds Evolution ' is one of the biggest games in the series till date and takes up over 500MB of space after installation .
When it comes to smartphone gaming , Angry Birds has a special place for many . With over 15 different gaming titles already under its belt , Rovio has now released a new game called Angry Birds Evolution . It is not a classic Angry Birds game where you get to shoot though the defences of bad piggies and free birds , but involves a lot more . For starters , it is one of the biggest games in the series till date and takes up over 500MB of space after installation . It is available as a free download with in-app purchases on Google Play Store and App Store .
The game is divided into chapters where every chapter pits you in multiple arenas and opponents with different skills
Fighting monotony with unique gameplay
Rovio has been trying new things in order to break the monotony in the Angry Birds series by offering something new with every game . The Evolution replaces the classic physics based gameplay ( used in many of the earlier versions ) with a turn-based shooter where you control a bunch of angry birds in a face-to-face contest with bad piggies .
The game is divided into chapters where every chapter pits you in multiple arenas and opponents with different skills .
Impressive visuals
Like most games in the series , this one also looks impressive and lively , and is the reason for the game 's large file size . You can also swing the camera angle to get a better view of the arena and the position of the opponents . The home page shows the island with areas controlled by bad piggies , while the rest of it is covered by a cloud . As the game progresses , the cloud disperses by itself .
What makes it interesting is that the bad piggies get equal opportunity to take a swing at your birds .
A strategy game at heart
Angry Birds Evolution looks like a simple action game at first , but has several elements which require strategizing . The player has to upgrade their birds regularly to bring them on par with the piggies . Every bird has special powers which have to be used judiciously . The game allows the player to retreat from an ongoing battle to re-organize their team if they feel their chances of winning are thin .
What makes it interesting is that the bad piggies get equal opportunity to take a swing at your birds . The trick is to inflict maximum damage when you attack . You can shoot at rivals by tapping , holding and releasing the bird in the direction you want it to launch . It is similar to the control on some of the carom games and is quite easy to master .
You can improve your chances in the game by spending real money on in-game gems and gold coins . These can be used to power up your birds . The lowest pack of gems costs Rs360 and goes up to Rs7,200 for higher packs .
Even if you are not an Angry Birds fan , the game has plenty to offer . The unique gameplay is one of them . The only limitation is that you ca n't pay it offline .
Five Manchester United players who deserve to sta
Dad of five explains why OCD made them want to kil
Saturday Kitchen viewers are turned off by giant
Tom Watson says Labour wants to 'make Britain grea
Danny Dyer talks about their children and parenting
Take a sneak peek at season six of Girls
Bear breaks all the rules by kissing on Celebs go
Is this the best TV episode cliffhanger of all ti
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's been a big year already for rising reality star Zahida Allen .
The Geordie babe is currently on MTV show Ex On The Beach alongside now-boyfriend Sean Pratt .
She 's also set to appear on the upcoming series of Geordie Shore after they were spotted filming scenes last year with show veteran Gaz Beadle and a host of new faces .
But did you spot their first 'claim to fame ' ?
The 22-year-old popped up on Tuesday night 's episode of Celebs Goes Dating .
( Photo : Channel 4 )
The pretty brunette featured in a flashback to the first series of the E4 dating show , which aims to set celebs up with regular members of the public in the hope that they 'll find love .
Zahida was shown during a recap of Joey Essex 's previous appearance on the show . Last time , they found love with fellow celeb Stephanie Pratt - against the rules - but is back for another shot at romance after the relationship ended .
Zahida was stood in the bar in an old scene that appeared to be the mixer event where celebs are first encouraged to find a date on the show .
( Photo : ITV )
It looks like they could have been aiming to bag themselves a celebrity boyfriend .
But now the tables have turned and they themselves have been thrust into the spotlight as an MTV reality star .
Mirror Celeb has contacted Celebs Go Dating and Zahida 's representatives for comment .
* Celebs Go Dating continues tonight at 10pm on E4
A mile-long car pileup in dense fog on the Cajon Pass , with injuries reported , stopped traffic Wednesday on the southbound 15 Freeways , and created a 10-mile backup authorities said .
San Bernardino County Fire Department reported 17 injuries , two needing immediate care and 15 minor injuries with “ numerous drivers and occupants declining treatment . ”
A multi-vehicle traffic collision on the southbound 15 freeways in the Cajon Pass shut down the freeway and backed up traffic into Oak Hills . ( Stan Lim/The Sun-SCNG )
California Highway Patrol and San Bernardino County Fire Department officials responded to reports of multiple collisions on the 15 Freeway Wednesday afternoon in the Cajon Pass . ( Photo courtesy of the San Bernardino County Fire Department )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
California Highway Patrol and San Bernardino County Fire Department officials responded to reports of multiple collisions on the 15 Freeway Wednesday afternoon in the Cajon Pass . ( Photo courtesy of the San Bernardino County Fire Department )
The California Highway Patrol said visibility was at 30 feet at the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup Wednesday in the Cajon Pass . ( Courtesty San Bernardino County Fire Department )
California Highway Patrol and San Bernardino County Fire Department officials responded to reports of multiple collisions on the 15 Freeway Wednesday afternoon in the Cajon Pass . ( Photo courtesy of the San Bernardino County Fire Department )
Authorities report a mile-long multi-vehicle accident in dense fog in the Cajon Pass ( Courtesy San Bernardino County Fire Department )
The California Highway Patrol called a SigAlert for the area , roughly from south of Oak Hill Road to north of the brake check area — there are few landmarks where the crashes occurred — CHP Officer Marcelo Llerena said .
A little before 1:30 p.m. all lanes of the southbound 15 were reopened , according to the CHP .
“ There were multiple separate collisions , it 's about a mile long , ” Llerena said by phone . “ There were a lot of two-or-three-or-four car ( collisions ) that added up to over 20 vehicles , ” they said . Visibility in the area at the time of the collisons , which were reported starting shortly after 11 a.m. , was about 30 feet .
Per @ SBCountyFire : Cajon ( Update ) : ALS resources have completed re-triage . 2 Immediate , 15 Minors . Numerous drivers and occupants declining treatment . ME302 is Southbound IC . Traffic is backed up to Main St in Hesperia . Extremely low visibility in the area of the incident . — SBCUSD OES ( @ SBCUSD_OES ) May 30 , 2018
The CHP was running traffic breaks from Ranchero Road and taking traffic off the freeway at Highway 138 . San Bernardino County Fire Department said traffic was backed up to Main Street in Hesperia , which Llerena said was a 10-mile lineup .
Northbound traffic did not stop , but was slow because of the fog and the distraction of the pileups in the southbound lanes , they said . The CHP by early afternoon had 16 to 17 units at the scene to help clear the lanes and control traffic , among other work .
Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting A commission appointed to investigate the events leading up to and the response to the shooting in Parkland , Fla. , began work Tuesday . Among the first areas of focus was the lack of coordination between law enforcement , which hampered their response to the shootings .
From Mormon Missionary To LGBTQ Advocate ( And International Rock Star )
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of HBO Courtesy of HBO
Dan Reynolds is known to millions of fans around the world as the lead singer of the popular band , Imagine Dragons , because of hits like `` Radioactive , '' `` Thunder , '' and last year 's chart topper , `` Believer . ''
The spiritual questions at the core of `` Believer '' are unmistakable , but also deeply personal . Now , though , Reynolds has taken those questions to new , more public terrain — the treatment of LGBTQ members of the church of Reynold 's upbringing , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the Mormon Church .
Reynolds wrestles with the church 's stance on same-sex relationships in a new documentary , also called Believer . It recently premiered at the Sundance Film Festival , which wrapped up last weekend in Park City , Utah . The documentary follows Reynolds ' journey , from Mormon missionary to international rock star to LGBTQ advocate .
Reynolds spoke with NPR 's Michel Martin about growing up Mormon , how their view of the church has evolved and why they decided to become an advocate for Mormon LGBTQ youth .
Interview Highlights
On how they began to question the Mormon Church 's stance on same-sex relationships
When I was 18 , I applied to go to BYU like my six brothers ahead of me — I have eight boys and one girl in my family . All of them went on Mormon missions , all of them went to BYU , and I was the first one in my family who was really on the brink of not getting into BYU . My grades were n't quite as good as my brothers ' so I did a lot of after school and I got in by the skin of my teeth .
Then , one week before I was supposed to go , I met with a bishop and told them I had sex with my girlfriend of four years , and got kicked out of BYU — and that was a trigger point in my life . It was the first time that I kind of spiraled into depression . I was told that I had to stay home and all my friends went off to college and my roommate had to find someone else and I felt like a whole community was judging me .
I also felt like God saw me as this dirty kid who was sinful . And I think that was the first time that I started to think , you know , something 's not right about this — telling a child that something that is innate , that is natural , that is beautiful , is sinful . And that was really destructive to me , and it 's taken me years to see that and a lot of therapy and that 's a small level of what LGBT Mormons go through — which is feeling guilt or shame about something that is innate , that should be celebrated , that is their sexuality , that is unchangeable .
Now that I 've done the research and seen the suicide rate in Utah being the number one reason of death among teenagers , and LGBT youth are eight times more likely to take their lives if they 're not accepted in their home or community , it 's kind of been bubbling up for a long time for me .
On putting together the LoveLoud concert to support the LGBTQ community
You know , I think the first knee jerk reaction that I hear from most people that are not raised within religion or got out of religion , they say , 'Well , if it 's such a dangerous place , leave religion . Leave Mormonism . ' Or , 'Just tell these kids leave Mormonism . ' But it 's not that simple because you 're actually putting kids in a more dangerous position , a lot of times . If you just tell them , 'Hey , leave Mormonism ' that could be leaving their home — getting kicked out of their home and putting them in , you know , a place of even higher chance of suicide , depression , anxiety and so , it 's not that simple .
The question is how do we provide a safer place for them within the walls of religion until they get to a point where they can make a decision that 's safe for them ; you know , to either stay within their religious upbringing or leave . And so that 's what LoveLoud Festival is about , is bridging the gap between religious communities — specifically Mormonism — and the LGBTQ community . But also , we wanted to do it right in Utah , right next to the church , right next to BYU , which is where I got kicked out of college , so that the church has to see this .
On the backlash he 's received after the film
You know , I had this conversation with my wife before we really stepped into this journey and we both kind of got to this point where we said , you know what , enough is enough and we have to follow our truth and follow our heart . You know , I 've spent a lifetime trying not to offend people — that 's one thing that Mormons is really good at is smiling and shaking your hand and doing everything they can to not offend you . And I have gotten to this point in life where I do n't want to live that way anymore .
At the end of the day there are going to be people who look at this and say , `` You 're not Mormon enough , '' and then there are going to be people on the other side that are going to say , `` You 're not coming down hard enough on the Mormon church '' and `` You should leave , '' so I 'm kind of riding this middle ground that I know is going to be offensive to people . All I can do is just be myself and follow my heart , and this is my path .
On their family 's reaction
That 's been the hard part . If I were to be honest with you , the comments , all those things , I can let those things go . I 've been in a band for years now that some people love and some people love to hate , I 'm used to letting those things slide . But my family — that 's hard . And my whole family is super Orthodox Mormon . And so none of them are particularly happy with me going down this road .
I sat down with my family member , who I 'm not going to name , but they , you know , they said to me , `` What if you get to Heaven and God says , 'Look at all these people you led astray and you made it sound like it was OK to be gay , and that 's sinful . ' `` And so we obviously have pretty big ideological differences and theological differences at this point but , you know , my mom and dad came to the premiere and that meant a lot to me .
It 's been a strange journey and I kind of try to put the family stuff out of sight and mind . Family is everything to me , and so having kind of a strained relationship with my family in this way is definitely the hardest part .
NPR 's Isabel Dobrin produced this story for the web .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Danniella Westbrook has sparked a huge backlash from fans after claiming Max Clifford was innocent of the crimes they were convicted for .
The former EastEnders actor made the comments after it was confirmed the disgraced PR guru had died aged 74 after suffering a heart attack in prison .
Clifford was serving an eight-year prison sentence after being convicted of a string of indecent assaults in 2014 .
After hearing the news , Danniella tweeted : `` RIP Max Clifford ... you are always a gentleman to me and a good agent . I never ever believed any of the allegations made against you and I am so sad you 've gone . rest in peace my friend . ''
( Image : Twitter )
The actores was soon bombarded with comments from outraged fans , who reminded them of Clifford 's criminal record .
Responding to the criticism , defiant Daniella tweeted : `` Can everyone just chill the f * * * out please jeeeezzz # wow . ''
Danniella has since deleted their initial post about Clifford .
( Image : Getty )
On Sunday a Ministry of Justice ( MoJ ) spokesperson confirmed Clifford had passed away in hospital .
Clifford was hospitalised earlier this week after collapsing twice behind bars in Cambridgeshire .
They suffered a cardiac arrest and was said to be in a `` bad way '' by their daughter .
`` As with all deaths in custody , there will be an investigation by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman , '' the spokesperson said .
`` Our condolences are with Mr Clifford 's family at this difficult time . ''
( Image : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
How PR superstar Max Clifford fell from grace : From celebrity publicist to convicted Operation Yewtree criminal
Yesterday , it was reported Clifford was fighting for their life following their collapses . It is understood the first incident occurred as they were trying to clean their prison cell .
They then collapsed again the following day and was `` unconscious for several minutes '' .
The former celebrity publicist was serving their sentence in Littlehey Prison after being convicted of a string of indecent assaults in 2014 .
They attacked four girls aged between 15 and 19 between 1977 and 1985 .
Their daughter Louise , 46 , told the Mail on Sunday last night : `` He collapsed in their cell on Thursday when they were trying to clean it , it was just too much .
`` Next day they collapsed again and was unconscious for several minutes – though they do n't know how long . ''
( Image : PA )
Clifford was attended to by medics in prison who recommended they be taken to hospital , Louise said .
They then suffered a cardiac arrest on Friday .
`` He 's in a bad way , '' Louise added .
They said their dad , a former friend to the stars , was being treated in a critical care unit .
The MoJ spokesperson confirmed Clifford died in hospital today , although the exact time is unclear . They had already been in poor health following an earlier heart attack in August .
News of their death caps a dramatic fall from grace , which saw the ex-publicist go from being a successful business person to a lonely , divorced , convicted criminal .
Born in Kingston-Upon-Thames on April 6 , 1943 , Clifford was the youngest of four children , who were raised in a relatively impoverished home .
They left school at 15 with no qualifications , but , in 1962 , joined the EMI press office , where they worked with artists including The Beatles .
( Image : Daniel Scott )
When their boss , Syd Gillingham , quit the label to start their own PR firm , Clifford accompanied him .
That lasted until 1970 when , aged 27 , they formed their own eponymous agency , Max Clifford Associates .
Although they represented the likes of Frank Sinatra and Muhammad Ali , Clifford actually became best-known for managing crude kiss-and-tell stories and low-brow , salacious PR stunts - perhaps most notably the infamous ‘ Freddie Starr ate my hamster ' headline .
Later , they became known for their choice of undesirable clients , including OJ Simpson , Derek Hatton , Jade Goody and Rebecca Loos , who alleged an affair with David Beckham .
They also represented X Factor 's Simon Cowell for more than a decade .
That professional relationship , like many others , ended abruptly in 2014 when Clifford was found guilty of eight counts of indecent assault .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
They had been arrested several months earlier , in December 2012 , as part of Operation Yewtree which also saw Stuart Hall and Jimmy Savile convicted of historic offences .
Jailing Clifford for eight years at Southwark Crown Court in May 2014 , Judge Anthony Leonard told him : `` These offences may have taken place a long time ago , when inappropriate and trivial sexual behaviour was more likely to be tolerated , but your offending was not trivial , but of a very serious nature . ''
The judge added that they thought the defendant 's personality and position in the public eye were why the crimes had not been made public sooner .
They said : `` The reason why they were not brought to light sooner was because of your own dominant character and your position in the world of entertainment which meant that your victims thought that you were untouchable , something that I think you too believed . ''
Clifford , who branded their accusers `` fantasists '' , remained defiant ahead of their sentencing , saying : `` I stand by everything I have said in the last 17 months . ''
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Some of their supporters broke down in tears as they were sentenced .
Describing their extensive charitable work , the judge said : `` Although your charitable work has gone on for a long time after your offending stopped , I can not ignore that for decades you were leading a double existence . ''
Clifford 's convictions left them bankrupt - they reportedly owed £7.5 million to unsecured creditors .
They are survived by daughter Louise , who resulted from their 36-year marriage to Elizabeth Louise Porter , who died of lung cancer in 2003 .
Seven years later , Clifford wed their former PA , Jo Westwood , in 2010 , but they divorced in 2014 .
By the time they appeared in court to successfully defend a historic accusation of indecent assault on a teenage girl in 2016 , Clifford had swapped rubbing shoulders with A-list clients and reality TV stars for fellow inmates at the Category C Littlehey Prison .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
They vowed to clear their name - claiming they were wrongfully convicted three years ago - and said they were `` an easy target '' for financially motivated fantasists .
And while their defence that they were wrongly convicted of all allegations remained as vehement as ever , their resistance to the ageing process did not have the same stoicism .
Face drawn and body withered - Clifford told jurors they had lost two stone in weight since being jailed - the only colour left in their face was the final dark hues from their once bushy , jet black eyebrows .
The deep tan was gone , replaced with a skin tone more befitting someone whose freedom was restricted to , they said , 30 minutes outside of a cell per day at times .
Clifford had been due to appeal against all their convictions early next year on the basis of fresh evidence .
Latino Civil Rights Leader Speaks Out About Trump 's Immigration Framework NPR 's Ari Shapiro speaks with Roger Rocha , president of League of United Latin American Citizens , the oldest Latino civil rights organization , following the release of a now-rescinded letter this week in support of President Trump 's `` four pillar '' framework for immigration reform .
3/7/2018 – The demand for concrete acid staining is rising among homeowners who are finding out just how versatile and beautiful these floors can be ! Installing a concrete floor is much more than simply pouring that dull , gray concrete and waiting for it to dry . There are now so many ways that you can spruce up a concrete floor by adding designs and colors , you really are only limited by your own imagination !
Stained Concrete Charlotte – Concrete Staining is just one of these ways that you can get the exact look you want out of your concrete flooring without breaking the bank ! However , concrete staining can be a bit tricky as often , you only get one chance . Improper concrete staining can take just a few minutes to go wrong so it 's important to know how to properly stain your concrete before taking on the task ! When in doubt a concrete professional is the best person to talk to about the homeowner 's ability to stain their concrete and have the best outcome .
Concrete Staining always begins with first choosing the color that you want to use as a stain . These stains are available at any hardware or home improvement store and can be mixed to create different colors , allowing you to have the exact look that you want ! When choosing a color , consider things such as what color the room is where the floor is to be stained and what color will be easy to maintain . Rich browns and darker colors will be easy to maintain whereas choosing a lighter color will mean that you will need to clean the floor more often .
About The Author : -
http : //imagecustomcoatings.com/services/acid-stain-concrete-cape-coral-fl/
Stained Concrete Charlotte – The demand for concrete acid staining is rising among homeowners who are finding out just how versatile and beautiful these floors can be ! Installing a concrete floor is much more than simply pouring that dull , gray concrete and waiting for it to dry . There are now so many ways that you can spruce up a concrete floor by adding designs and colors ,
Contact Details :
623 SW 23rd St. ,
Cape Coral , FL , 33991
239-628-6436
The new premier of South Australia , Steven Marshall , is unconvinced about a virtual power plant project that had been proposed by Tesla and accepted by Jay Weatherill , the Australian state 's previous premier , in February .
The project aims to put thousands of solar panels and batteries on South Australian homes , starting with public Housing Trust properties , to create a 250MW distributed `` power plant , '' which can respond to grid signals and isolate itself ( or `` island '' ) during outages . The project would have received a AU $ 2 million ( US $ 1.54 million ) grant from the state , as well as AU $ 30 million ( US $ 23.16 million ) in state-backed loans .
Marshall 's objection to the project seems to be rooted in its structure rather than in a blanket opposition to energy storage . On Monday , when a reporter asked Marshall about the plan to outfit Housing Trust homes with solar panels and batteries , they replied , `` That 's not part of our agenda . Our agenda is 40,000 homes . '' The 40,000 homes is a reference to Marshall 's plan to put up $ 100 million in subsidies to offer a $ 2,500 grant on each battery storage unit installed at 40,000 homes .
Later , after they were sworn in , Marshall said that the state of South Australia would honor any contracts that the previous government had entered into . But according to RenewEconomy , that could restrict the Tesla project to a small portion of its original scope : instead of getting 50,000 homes to participate in a 250MW virtual power plant , as few as 1,100 Housing Trust homes could be outfitted with solar and storage .
Further Reading Tesla and South Australia at it again , this time building a virtual power plant Though Marshall wants to put batteries in 40,000 homes , critics charge that people who live in public housing should get subsidies for solar and storage first . With the Tesla plan , low-income households would be eligible to receive a system at no cost to the resident . In exchange , an independent power retailer would receive permission to tap into the distributed residential batteries when grid-scale demand for more electricity was greatest , and the power retailer could quickly dispatch that stored power . Through Marshall 's plan , homes still face a significant upfront cost in the price of a battery .
Of course , the Tesla plan was expected to go through with the help of private investment in addition to state-backed loans , and that still could be the case . Ars Technica has contacted Tesla for comment .
Tesla has been a prominent player in South Australia 's recent energy woes . Incidents involving bad weather and grid failure caused major outages in 2016 , prompting Tesla CEO Elon Musk to make a bet with former premier Weatherill that they could deliver a massive grid-scale battery to help stabilize the state 's energy infrastructure in 100 days `` or it 's free . '' Tesla delivered , and the battery has been working well so far .
However , Marshall campaigned on lower utility bills and has walked back Weatherill 's proposal to make South Australia 's grid 75-percent renewable by 2025 . They say that they support national renewable targets but not state-based ones . Though the new premier favors batteries for energy storage , their policy seems to be far more cautious in renewable-energy adoption .
Correction : The lower deck on this story was revised to omit the phrase `` and battery . ''
Listing image by Tesla
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois plans to take former Belgium boss Marc Wilmots to court over claims they were a dressing room 'mole ' .
The ex-Red Devils boss suggested Courtois and their father had sold team news to French journalists during Euro 2016 .
But their comments have n't gone down well with the shotstopper , who has confirmed that they and their father , Thierry , will begin legal proceedings against Wilmots .
They tweeted `` Following the statements made by Mr Wilmots , my father and I have decided to bring a criminal complaint together , '' before posting the following .
`` In the interview granted by beIN Sports and recovery today by La Derniere Heure , Les Sports , Mr. Marc Wilmots affirms in particular that 'means that a player has sold the selection . And that 's serious . It came back to me from several French journalists that Courtois ' father was doing it . ' ''
`` Mr. M. Wilmots - not for the first time - reiterates publicly and intentionally accusations against my honour and my reputation as well as my father and we decided together to file a complaint accompanied by criminal indemnification proceeding for libel and defamation . ''
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : AFP )
Courtois and Wilmots had a well publicised spat during the tournament with the 25-year-old critical of their then manager 's tactics .
Wilmots has since suggested Courtois does n't 'respect their homeland ' .
Speaking to BeIN Sports , Wilmots said : `` I just have a problem when I make my selection at 6pm and at 6.15pm it is on all social networks .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` It means that you do not respect your homeland . I find it a shame , because I have to wait an hour before the match to have the opposition 's selection . And that 's terrible .
`` The opponent is gaining time . They can prepare everything . They know everything . And that 's really dramatic . It never happened at the World Cup in Brazil . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The killer of two police officers murdered a convicted drug dealer the night before they launched their gun ­rampage in Liege .
Alleged jihadi Benjamin Herman , 31 , reportedly ­bludgeoned Michael Wilmet , 30 , with a hammer before killing three more people in the Belgian city .
They had met while in prison .
Confirming Herman 's first kill was 50 miles outside Liege , interior minister Jan Jambon said : “ There are signs they were ­radicalised in prison , but did it drive them to commit these acts ?
“ It could have been they had nothing to look forward to , they killed someone the night before ... they may have been on drugs . ”
( Image : Collect Unknown )
( Image : REUTERS )
Herman – on two-day prison leave – went on to slaughter two police officers with their own guns on Tuesday , before opening fire on a 22-year-old passerby .
Herman was shot dead by police after going on to take a cleaner hostage in a city centre school .
Yesterday Bernadette Hennart wept as they lay tributes to their daughter , police officer Soraya Belkacemi , 53 .
Soraya , mum to 13-year-old twins , was killed ­alongside Lucile Garcia , 45 .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : REUTERS )
The grieving father of Cyril ­Vangriecken , 22 , an aspiring teacher from Vottem , near Liege , called them “ perfect ” .
Reports say they were shot in their mum 's car .
Mr Jambon said Herman , convicted of drug offences , was flagged up as a potential violent Islamist in recent security reports but was thought to be a fringe figure . Prosecutors said there was evidence this was a “ terrorist murder ” .
Justice minister Koen Geens said they felt “ responsible ” , adding : “ I have to examine my own conscience . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 200-year-old hotel has claimed the prestigious accolade of becoming Britain 's oldest hotel by default - after its predecessor burnt down .
Tourism bosses VisitEngland have handed the crown to a dockworker 's refuge which dates back to 1824 after a fire destroyed the Royal Clarence Hotel in Exeter .
The Lowther Hotel in Goole , East Yorks , was given the title after it was built two centuries ago to house architects and engineers who designed local waterways .
Pub owners Howard and Julie Duckworth were delighted by putting the Aire Street hotel on the map .
Howard , 60 , of York , said : “ It 's fantastic for us - and fantastic for the town of Goole .
( Photo : SWNS )
( Photo : SWNS )
( Photo : SWNS )
“ Who would ever have thought that a small town in the East Riding of Yorkshire could be home to the oldest hotel in England ? ”
The hotel was created and designed by Sir Edward Banks - famous for building bridges over the River Thames in London .
Speaking about the hotel 's history , Howard said : “ It was originally built to be the home of visiting architects and engineers who were working on the docks - which are just across the road .
“ The hotel has exactly the same footprint as it had when it was built - so if your great-great-grandmother or father came to see if today they would still recognise it . ”
( Photo : SWNS )
Tourism body VisitEngland confirmed the title had changed hands following the fire at the Royal Clarence Hotel in October of this year .
A spokesperson for VisitEngland said : “ The Lowther Hotel has the honour of being the oldest hotel in England , having being built in 1824 during the Georgian period .
“ It is one of three buildings in the Goole Conservation Area that have been restored by the hotel 's owners and has just been awarded the ‘ Best Rescue of a heritage Site ' in the historic England Angel Awards 2016 . ”
Howard Duckworth had also attempted to change the name of Goole in 2013 to Goole-upon-Ouse because it “ sounded nicer ” - but the petition was unsuccessful .
If you 've already finished season two of The Crown , and you ca n't enough of that royal drama , do n't worry . There are plenty of TV shows and movies that have depicted your favorite real-life royals , like The Queen starring Helen Mirren and PBS 's Victoria starring Jenna Coleman .
If you 're craving even MORE drama , check out some of the more fictionalized period pieces like Downton Abbey and Reign . Scathing one-liners sound so much better in a British accent , am I right ?
Scroll down for all the best TV shows and movies you should binge after The Crown .
The King 's Speech
In this 2010 film , we watch the future King George VI ( Colin Firth ) overcome a speech impediment with help from Lionel Logue ( Geoffrey Rush ) , an Australian speech and language therapist . P.S . King George VI is Queen Elizabeth 's father who is a SPOILER dies in season one of The Crown , before Queen Elizabeth takes the throne .
Victoria
Jenna Coleman stars as the young Queen Victoria , beginning with their coronation and the start of their relationship with their future husband , Prince Albert . If you only watch for the costumes and hairstyles , it will still be enough to keep you going through the entire first season .
Downton Abbey
Our favorite `` upstairs/downstairs '' drama follows the wealthy Crawley family and their house staff through the sinking of the Titanic , World War I , the roaring '20s , and more . Oh , and since all three Crawley children are girls , none of them can inherit the estate . Inheritance drama ensues . Maggie Smith , Michelle Dockery , and Hugh Bonneville star .
The Tudors
History buffs , this one 's for you . The Tudors looks at Henry VIII 's ( Jonathan Rhys Meyers ) early years and their scandalous divorce from Catherine of Aragon and ill-fated relationship with Anne Boleyn , played by Natalie Dormer aka Margery from Game of Thrones .
Reign
The CW 's dramatized account of Mary Queen of Scot 's ascension to the French throne is full of dramatics , as most CW shows are , and we LOVE it . Reign stars Adelaide Kane as Queen Mary and Megan Follows as Queen Catherine de ' Medici .
RELATED : Actors from The Crown Look Exactly Like Their Real-Life Royal Counterparts
The Queen
A powerful account of Queen Elizabeth 's ( Helen Mirren ) reign following Princess Diana 's untimely death , and the drama that ensued . Plus Michael Sheen as Prime Minister Tony Blair .
What 's At Stake For Japan As U.S . Prepares For Talks With North Korea NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Sheila Smith , of the Council on Foreign Relations about what 's at stake for Japan as the U.S. prepares for talks with North Korea .
The Liberian Elbow Bump Is Your Good Friend During Flu Season
Enlarge this image Leif Parsons for NPR Leif Parsons for NPR
Lately I 've been thinking a lot about the Liberian elbow bump .
When Ebola overtook the West African country in 2014 , many people were afraid to shake hands and embrace in the customary way . That 's understandable , because Ebola is spread by the exchange of bodily fluids during body-to-body contact .
So Liberians came up with a less touchy-feely greeting . They bumped elbows .
The reason I thought of the elbow bump was a comment made by a teacher in a hot yoga class I take . In a room heated to 96 degrees , the students work hard at their poses ( and also lift weights and do cardio ) . ( I know , it 's wild ! ) After a strenuous set of exercises , the teacher called out , `` High five your neighbor . ''
And I thought ... really ? Slap my sweaty and possibly germy palm up against the sweaty and possibly germy palm of a stranger ? During a flu season that has been described as `` severe . ''
Would n't an elbow bump be less risky ?
So I spoke to a couple of experts . And I learned a few things about the way we get infected with colds and viruses . And about the advisability of high-fiving .
Your hands get you in trouble .
`` A fact that a lot of people get shocked about is that 80 percent of all cold , flu and upper respiratory infections and diarrheal illnesses are passed along to us by your hands . '' That 's what Dr. Mark Gendreau told me . He 's the chief medical officer for Beverly and Addison Gilbert Hospitals in Massachusetts .
What happens is that a large infectious droplet from a cough or a sneeze ( or maybe just plain talking or singing ) lands on a surface , where it can survive `` for up to 24 hours , '' says Gendreau . Then your hand makes contact . And then you do that thing that humans do 200 times a day or so — you touch your face . `` If you introduce enough of the microorganism to your eyes , nose and mouth , you 're going to get the infection , '' they say .
Good luck with not touching your face .
`` It 's very hard not to do it even if you 're telling yourself not to do it , '' says Gendreau . `` It 's like in our DNA . '' I wanted to know why that is , and they said , `` I do n't think anybody really knows why . ''
So if you ca n't stop touching your face , then what ?
First of all there is handwashing with sanitizer or soap `` at least 15 to 20 seconds , '' says Gendreau . `` The time is of the essence . The goal is to disrupt the cellular membrane of the microorganism [ to ] kill it . ''
And drink !
Sorry , I mean water , not booze . `` There 's a structure in the back of your mouth and nose and top portion of your lungs and trachea called the mucociliary complex , says Gendreau . They 're like `` little tiny air cells '' that beat in an upward fashion nonstop to move stuff out of you . Stuff like germs . `` They become less effective if you 're dehydrated , '' they say .
Also perhaps try some North American ginseng and elderberry extract .
`` They have really strong science behind them . They rev up your immune system , they have antiviral properties and they 're safe , '' they say .
During an outbreak of the H1N1 swine flu pandemic , they say , the city of Calgary wanted to stockpile Tamiflu ( `` which is really iffy in terms of effectiveness '' says Gendreau ) . But they could n't find enough . So they went for ginseng instead . Gendreau cites a study of Canadian nursing home residents . All of them got a flu vaccine ; then about 100 of them were given twice daily doses of 200 mL ( about .05 teaspoons ) of North American ginseng extract and another 100 or so got a placebo . In the ginseng group , there was only one case of respiratory illness versus seven in the non-ginseng group . That 's a 90 percent reduction in risk !
As for `` elderberry syrup , '' it was studied in Sweden , where researchers found give a 15 mL dose ( about three teaspoons ) of syrup four times a day for five days to one group of flu patients and a placebo syrup to another group . The elderberry sippers had relief from their symptoms four days earlier than the others .
Maybe you should worry more about what 's in the air than what 's on someone 's hands .
In a new study in PNAS , Dr. Donald Milton says that they found that maybe those big infectious droplets shed in coughs and sneezes are n't the big problem . The body is pretty good at warding them off , they say . But fine particles of infectious material that people simply breathe out when they 're sick `` will penetrate deeper in the lung , '' says Milton , a medical doctor and professor of environmental health at the University of Maryland .
In their study they found that `` 48 percent of the fine aerosol samples acquired in the absence of coughing had detectable viral RNA . '' So if you have a fever but are n't coughing or sneezing , maybe you should consider staying home , Milton suggests . They stress that more research needs to be done about the potential risk posed by these fine particles , `` but it has tremendous implications for hospital infection control . '' Not to mention what 's hanging in the air in my yoga class !
As for my high-fiving dilemma ...
Gendreau says the riskiest type of person-to-person contact is mouth-to-cheek ( so be wary of air kisses and full body hugs ) . `` The bro hug is moderate risk , '' they say . That 's a handshake that leads into a hug with a back pat .
`` Handshake or high five is probably mild risk . Palm to palm is slightly riskier than knuckle to knuckle , '' they say . `` Bacteria tend to congregate on the palm . ''
`` I can high five you but you should wash your hands afterward , '' says Milton .
As for the Liberian elbow exchange : `` Smart thing , '' says Gendreau .
`` A very good thing , '' agrees Milton . `` I like elbow bumps . ''
Summer is all about highlights and beach waves , but as soon as September Fashion Week rolls around , it 's time to change it up . Go a few shades darker , get rid of those dead ends , and do n't even think about cutting bangs—always a bad idea . This season , all of the top models and celebrities seemed to be on the same page in terms of trading in their long , runway/red carpet-ready locks for short , blunt cuts . And just like that , we have the most popular new hair trend for Fall 2017 . Here , we round up those who have done it the chicest .
Related Coverage Connecticut authorities warn of increased bobcat sightings
ELLINGTON , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Two bobcats were spotted in an Ellington resident 's backyard on Monday afternoon .
Ellington Animal Control posted a photo on Facebook of two bobcats resting behind a house on Crescent Circle , a location that borders some local YMCA hiking trails . The Department of Energy and Environmental Protection ( DEEP ) was notified .
Related Content : Connecticut authorities warn of increased bobcat sightings
Animal Control shared online that studies may be conducted in nearby towns to assess the growth of the bobcat population , which seems to have increased in recent years .
For now , residents should remain on the lookout for more sightings .
© Julie Oliver / Ottawa Citizen
By Tuesday night , the region will be under a blanket of 10 to 15 cm of snow , Environment Canada predicts.The flakes that come along with what 's dubbed an Alberta Clipper is expected to hit Eastern Ontario Monday night and taper off Tuesday evening , according to a special weather statement .. Since the forecast is for snow stretching over 24 to 36 hours , it does n't reach the level of a snowfall warning , when 15 cm is expected per 12 hours.But the weather agency warns nonetheless that drivers should expect poor winter driving conditions , including snow-covered and slippery roads.Monday 's forecast is for mainly-sunny skies giving way to clouds by late afternoon and a high of -10 C. The snow starts around midnight with 2-4 cm overnight as the temperature stays steady at -10 C.For Tuesday , expect 10 cm of snow and a high of -6 C then flurries overnight and a low of -11 C.More flurries , a high of -11 and a low of -16 C are predicted for Wednesday . For Thursday , the forecast is for a bit of sun with mix skies , a high of -14 C and a low of -18 C. Clouds and a 30 per cent chance of flurries are expected for Friday with a high of -11 C and low of -16 C.The weekend is a wee bit warmer with a high of - 8 C Saturday and -2 C Sunday . Both days are cloudy with a risk of flurries pegged at 30 per cent Saturday and 40 per cent Sunday .
Singer Liam Gallagher has said they are facing an `` awkward '' appearance on The Late Late Show in the US after calling presenter James Corden a `` knob head '' .
The former Oasis star told how they will now be appearing on the chat show but that they still refuse to join in Corden 's famous Carpool Karaoke segment .
According to GQ magazine , when asked in August if they would appear on the show , Gallagher said : `` No thank you very much . No f * * * * * * chance , mate . With that fat bloke from Kevin & Perry ? ''
Their partner , Debbie Gwyther , was reported as telling them at the time : `` It 's called Gavin & Stacey and you 've never watched it '' , to which Gallagher replied : `` I do n't need to watch it to know I wo n't like it . James Corden is a knob head . ''
Corden later made an ironic response to the slating , telling The Daily Beast : `` God , I just do n't know how we 'll carry on . I do n't how we 'll even think of carrying on . Yeah , God , what will we do ? ''
Speaking on the BBC Radio 2 breakfast show as their debut solo album As You Were hit shelves , Gallagher , 45 , said they would be travelling to the US within hours for a string of events and performances .
`` We 've got to go and do James Corden 's show , that 'll be awkward , '' they told presenter Chris Evans .
`` I ai n't singing in no car . I refuse to do it , I 'm not doing it , mate . I 'll sing the tunes , then I 'm out of there . ''
Their time on the radio show saw them perform a number of tracks from the new record , which they described as their `` last chance to dance '' .
Thanking a number of colleagues for their contribution , they paid Ms Gwyther the heartfelt tribute : `` Without my missus this would n't have happened ... They definitely gave me a kick up the old hooter . ''
Gallagher also entertained listeners with an attempt to singalong to harvest hymn We Plough The Fields And Scatter , and a rendition of Oasis hit Wonderwall .
As You Were already received rave reviews from fans , with one person commenting on Twitter : `` The real rockstar @ liamgallagher did n't hold back ... As You Were is too good . ''
Another gushed : `` @ liamgallagher has reignited that dull flame & brought back some excitement to the music industry ! # AsYouWere # Passion # Purpose . ''
1:22
Dixon 's message for TCU down the stretch : 'We need to prepare to get better '
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ex-KKK leader David Duke has told Donald Trump to `` take a good look in the mirror and remember it was white Americans who put you in the presidency '' .
The chilling warning came on the day of the Charlottesville race riots in Virginia that left one woman dead and dozens injured as far right activists clashed with counter-demonstrators .
Trump tweeted : `` We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one ! ''
Racist conspiracy theorist Duke , the KKK 's former Imperial Wizard , replied : `` I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency , not radical leftists . ''
They also told the President over social media : `` So , after decades of White Americans being targeted for discriminated & anti-White hatred , we come together as a people , and you attack us ? ''
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Rex Features )
A counter-protester was killed in Charlottesville and 19 others injured when a car was allegedly driven into them by a far-right activist .
James Alex Fields Jr , 20 , was arrested for allegedly ploughing a Dodge Challenger into a group of anti-fascist protesters , leaving 32-year-old Heather Heyer dead .
Another 15 people were injured as demonstrators armed with rocks and pepper spray clashed .
Duke , who attended the rally , told reporters at the scene : `` We are determined to take our country back . We are going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump .
`` That 's what we believed in - that 's why we voted for Donald Trump .
`` Because they said he 's going to take our country back . That 's what we 've got to do . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Anadolu )
President Trump on Saturday initially denounced what they called `` this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides '' .
But this drew criticism for failing to single out neo-Nazis and the KKK for criticism .
The White House added on Sunday : `` The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry , and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups . They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
Organ on a Chip Kit : Market Insights
Organ on chip is a recently developed multidisciplinary field in which human cell biology and microfluidic are combined on top of lab on chip architecture . Organ on a chip is one of the fastest growing application in the research areas in life science and pharmaceuticals industries . Organ on a chip is multi-channel microfluidic cell which stimulates the physiological response , activities and response of the organ and organ system , type of artificial organ . Increasing in adoption organ on a chip will abolish the need for animals in toxin testing and drug development . Organ on a chip are used especially for research activity in the advanced biomedical engineering field such as bioMEMS , micro fabrication and microelectronics . Organ on chip creates new and innovative ways to culture cells and tissues which offer precise and continuous control during complete culturing process . Organ on a chip have significant impact on the improvement on the predictability of drug screening models and personalized medicines .
Request For Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6892
Multiple organs can be placed on the chip and re interconnected to model the dynamics of human organism which is possible due to 3D cell culture , micro fluids and 3D printing technologies which allow the cultivation of cells from patients which reflects phenotype or genotype . Different companies and universities are continuously looking for better and new models in the development of drugs with collaboration with different manufacturing companies . In the long term , the organ on a chip technology helps in the advanced human based and personalized research and development of drugs .
Organ on a chip kit : Market Dynamics
Increase in innovation in drug development and growing prevalence of chronic disease such as respiratory disease , heart failure and other disease drive the market of organ on a chip kit market . Rising awareness among the population towards better healthcare devices propel the growth of organ on a chip kit market globally . Increase in healthcare expenditure and increase rate of organ transplant is expected to boost the demand of organ on a chip kit market during the forecast period . However , high cost associated with the kit of organ on chip and lack of adoption of innovative technology in the underdeveloped economies hamper the growth of the organ on a chip kit market .
Organ on a Chip Kit Market : Segmentation
The global organ on a chip kit market is segmented by drug type and distribution channel :
Segmentation by Type Heart on a chip Lung on a chip Kidney on a chip Liver on a chip Intestine on chip
Segmentation by End User Hospital Academic Research Institutes Contract Research Organizations Others
Organ on a Chip Kit Market : Overview
Organ on a chip kits are likely to contribute to reduction of animal tests in preclinical drug development and drug candidate screening may increase efficiency . Increase in growth for lungs and kidney based organ culture devices and increase in research activities on organ on chip devices are the major factors which drive the overall market of organ on a chip kit market . On the basis of type of organ on a chip , lung on chip is expected to project the highest growth owing to increase in number of chronic disease and increase in awareness about the organ transplant during the forecast period .
Organ on a Chip Kit Market : Region-wise Outlook
On the basis of geography , global organ on a chip kit market is segmented into seven key regions viz . North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia Pacific excluding Japan , Japan , and Middle East & Africa . North America is projected to hold the largest shares in the global Organ on a Chip Kit Market primarily due to growing adoption of innovative technologies to cure disease which are chronic . Increase in research and development activities and rise in healthcare applications in North America drive the market of organ on chip kit . Europe is anticipated to be the second in the revenues share . Asia Pacific region is anticipated to be the fastest growing region in organ on chip kit market owing to increase in investment in the research and development in the drug development and government initiative towards the improvement of healthcare expenditure . Latin America and Middle East & Africa is expected to show slow growth due to lack of awareness among the population and high cost associated with organ on a chip kit market in near future .
Request For TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6892
Organ on a Chip Kit Market : Key Players
Some of the key players present in global organ on a chip kit market are Micronit Microtechnologies B.V , F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd , MIMETAS B.V. , Nortis , CN Bio Innovations , TissUse GmbH , Koninklijke Philips N.V. , and others
Amazon also has a range of TVs in the Great Indian Sale this year . Some of the best deals on TVs are listed below .
You can also check our list of the best 4K TVs available in India .
TCL Android M 4K UHD LED Smart TV at Rs 109,990 @ Amazon ( get 32 inches TV free )
Launching exclusively on Amazon , this TCL Smart TV comes with 4K support . It runs on Android TV so you can download compatible apps from the Play Store . A quad-core processor powers this TV along with 2.5GB RAM and 16GB internal storage . Harman Kardon speakers , HDR Pro , built-in Chromecast , DTS Premium and Dolby Digital sound technology are other highlights of the TV .
On purchase of this TCL 65 inches UHD TV , you get a 32 inches HD ready TV free .
Samsung 24 inches LED TV at Rs 11,699 @ Amazon ( save Rs 4,801 )
This is a HD-ready LED TV from Samsung . It comes with 2 HDMI ports and 2 USB ports for extended connectivity . Some special features of the TV include screen capture , sound capture , cinema mode and cricket mode .
Samsung 32 inches LED TV at Rs 17,990 @ Amazon ( save Rs 10,910 )
Another HD-ready LED TV from Samsung , this one comes with a bigger display and different TV modes . Additionally , it also features 5Wx2 audio output and Dolby Digital Plus for an enhanced audio experience .
LG 43 inches Full HD Smart TV at Rs 37,999 @ Amazon ( save Rs 16,901 )
This LG TV comes with support for Full HD content . It is a smart TV , so you can run apps like YouTube , Netflix and others . Connectivity options include Wi-Fi , Miracast , 1 HDMI and 1 USB port .
Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct Celebrity chef Mario Batali has stepped down from daily operations at their restaurant company after allegations of sexual misconduct . NPR 's Kelly McEvers speaks with Amanda Kludt , Editor-in-Chief of the online publication Eater , which broke the story .
Taste test
John Maguire , former manager of Nassau 's emergency operations center , had something good to say about the quality of food former restaurateur Harendra Singh served to emergency workers after superstorm Sandy .
“ It was all good food , ” they testified Tuesday , their second day on the stand as a prosecution witness in the trial of former Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano , their wife , Linda , and former Oyster Bay Supervisor John Venditto . “ Nobody complained about the food . ”
“ Everybody loved the food , ” they continued .
Maguire also said that at one point they did notice Singh serving different food to officials gathered in OEM director Craig Craft 's office .
Singh himself , Maguire testified , offered food to him .
“ It 's a personal quirky thing with me after the fire service , ” the former Freeport fire chief testified . “ But I declined . ”
Friendship
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider 's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Keating objected after Maguire was asked whether there was link between Singh 's friendship with Mangano and an emergency contract Singh received to feed emergency workers at the county emergency services center after superstorm Sandy .
So Tierney asked a few more questions before coming back to the issue again .
“ Did Harendra Singh 's friendship with Edward Mangano have anything to do with the awarding of the contract ? ”
Maguire paused .
And then they answered , “ Yes . ”
Name Game
Why in the world did the name of Angie Carpenter , supervisor of the Town of Islip in Suffolk County , come up at the trial .
Them name was mentioned several times during Maguire 's testimony and cross-examination Tuesday — and even turned up in some FBI interview notes that Kevin Keating , Mangano 's attorney , shared with Maguire .
But it was all a mistake .
The references to Carpenter actually were supposed to be references to Angie Cullen , a former Hempstead Town council member who died last year at the age of 89 .
Cullen , Maguire testified , was a longtime friend and former head of the Freeport Republican Club — who had recommended them to Mangano for a Nassau job once they were elected county executive .
“ I have known Angie Cullen all my life , ” Maguire testified , “ I went to school with their kids. ” They said that on several occasions they also drove Cullen to community events .
Again , that 's Cullen — not Carpenter , who was appointed and then elected Islip 's supervisor in 2015 .
Click here to subscribe to The Point , Newsday Editorial Board 's daily opinion newsletter .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A nanny who looked after Madeleine McCann has told how the youngster 's parents were plunged into despair and panic when the ­horrifying truth they had vanished sank in .
The former child minder said they are still haunted by the image of dad Gerry desperately trying to find their missing daughter while they tried to comfort weeping mum Kate who cried : “ They 've taken her . ”
Breaking their silence after 10 years , the witness also claimed the resort from which Madeleine vanished was considered so unsafe nannies were handed rape alarms and told to not go out alone .
And they slammed the Portuguese police 's handling of the disappearance , insisting their ­blundering scuppered any chances of finding who had snatched three-year-old Madeleine .
( Photo : Getty )
Speaking of that dreadful night in May 2007 , the ex-nanny –who looked after the girl several times – said : “ A parent came to me and said there was something going on , and said someone 's looking for a child , I did n't instantly think it was Maddie .
`` A couple of minutes later I walked into Kate crying , friends comforting her , Gerry looking under cars , and it just blew up . I do n't even think they saw me . I just stood next to them and tried to comfort them
“ She was pacing up and down . The worst possible thing had just happened to them
“ I think I said something like , ‘ She 'll be found , these things happen all the time . '
“ She was crying , but almost in a catatonic state , and Gerry was very distressed . That 's the one thing I really remember from him , looking under the cars . I ca n't forget that .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
“ We were told to start looking in bins in case their body was in there . It was at that point we realised this was serious . ”
Along with other staff , the ex-carer , who worked for travel firm Mark Warner at the the Ocean Club resort , sifted by hand in the dark through industrial-sized bins and piping leading into the sea in their hunt for Madeleine .
They also walked Praia da Luz 's small , winding streets searching for the missing girl until they were told , against their wills at 5am , that it was time for bed .
But the woman , who we are not naming , said they are still furious with local police , who they claimed took 90 minutes to arrive on the scene .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
And they told how people were in and out of the apartment where Madeleine vanished from – contaminating a ­potential crime scene .
The former nanny added : “ I know I did n't step into that apartment but pretty much everybody else did . So , evidence gone , nothing . There was nobody there to say , ‘ We need to lock this off now . ' The police did n't get there for ages , maybe an hour and a half , so we were looking for them And at the end of the day , no matter how much you 've been trained with ­children , we were children , mainly ­teenagers , we 're not police .
“ That 's why police were trying to get everyone 's timelines , because they were n't there . ”
They also told how they were interviewed by officers in the wake of Madeleine 's disappearance and later detectives from ­the Met 's Operation Grange handed them two pages of statements they had retrieved from their Algarve compratiots .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
Them original statement was four to five pages long , but the one the Portuguese had been working from was only two pages long – missing a number of details from their interview . The woman claimed “ whole chunks of information were missed out ” .
They added : “ I think a lot of things should 've happened differently . ­Unfortunately the effects were catastrophic . ”
And the carer told how they were astonished Kate and Gerry were ever deemed suspects in their own child 's ­disappearance . They are still constantly quizzed by people about the case who ask if “ the parents did it ” .
They said : “ I tell them no , there 's no way at all . A , timings and B , where it was , their r­eactions , the whole thing . Not a chance . ”
The woman also told how Madeleine was a favourite among the child minders . Them allocated nanny was Catriona Baker , but others also got the chance to look after them The carer added : “ I remember their character and ­temperament . They were slightly shy , very sweet . Not loud or precocious .
( Photo : PA )
“ We obviously give the same care to all the children , but they were a real cutie and a real sweetheart . If you asked her , ‘ Can you just pass me that ? ' She 'd be like , ‘ Sure . '
“ She was easy for us , and you were happy to sit and help out this pretty little girl who 's really nice . ”
While the Ocean Club was clearly popular with British holidaymakers like the McCanns , from Rothley , Leics , the former child minder claimed it was considered an unsafe place for those who worked there .
After they arrived they were stunned when a fellow nanny passed on a message from hotel staff to never venture off the site alone .
They added : “ I just could n't get over how different it was to other Mark Warner resorts .
“ We were told , ‘ Here 's a rape whistle , do n't go anywhere by yourself , ever . ' There 'd been a girl attacked the year or so before in Praia da Luz . It did n't sound like a family resort to me .
“ I just got the feeling the locals did n't want us there. ” It emerged in 2014 that 11 years earlier a 10-year-old British girl had been sexually assaulted “ in the heart ” of Praia da Luz .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
The victim came forward three years ago after a Scotland Yard appeal revealed a string of potentially linked sex assaults on young UK girls across the Algarve between 2004 and 2006 .
Mark Warner , which operates in resorts all over the world , quit Praia da Luz in 2015 .
Madeleine vanished as their parents ate with friends at a tapas bar just 40 yards from where they slept next to twin siblings , Amelie and Sean .
But the former nanny , who could n't face child minding again after the Algarve horror , said dining while kids were in the apartments was “ really normal ” in such resorts . And they insisted there was no evidence Kate and Gerry would ever neglect their kids . They said : “ I remember thinking , even before I knew them , how they were the picture perfect family . ”
( Photo : The People )
Asked if they think Madeleine is still alive , the woman said : “ Think possibly is the wrong word , but hope . I hope they are still alive .
“ It 's probably very naive , but the best case scenario of a very horrible situation , is that they were procured and taken for a rich person who did n't have children .
“ I ca n't go anywhere else in my head . I can read it about other people and know how horrible that seedy world is where children are sold . But my brain wo n't go there with them I just switch off .
“ But I think the only person who knows exactly what happened is Madeleine . Can I believe it 's 10 years on ? Yes and no .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
No because 10 years seems like a really long time , she 'd be nearly 14 .
“ And yes , because sometimes , when I talk about it , it feels like I 'm right back there again .
“ I wonder if she 's alive . Do they even remember ? Do they remember them parents ?
“ I 'm probably less harrowed by it now , but that 's just because , although it 's awful , it 's become accepted .
“ ‘ It 's Madeleine , she 's gone missing but it would just be the best day ever if I could be told that she 's been found . ”
Operation Grange , which was last month given £85,000 of Home Office funding to extend its probe until September , still speaks to witnesses .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Hawaii Hilo-Hawaii Box
HAWAII 82 , HAWAII HILO 64 HAWAII HILO ( 0-1 )
Brooke 4-6 2-4 10 , Ingram 6-12 0-2 14 , Callaghan 0-6 2-2 2 , Wattree 3-6 0-0 8 , Berinobis 1-7 2-2 4 , D.Johnson 2-5 0-2 4 , Roffler 0-0 0-0 0 , Burghardt 0-1 2-2 2 , Golden 1-3 0-0 3 , Cain 2-5 0-0 5 , Canencia 1-1 0-0 3 , Howell 2-2 3-3 9 . Totals 22-54 11-17 64 .
HAWAII ( 6-2 )
G.Johnson 1-2 2-2 4 , M.Thomas 5-9 3-6 13 , Drammeh 5-8 0-0 12 , Green 1-4 0-0 2 , Buggs 6-8 0-0 13 , Raimo 2-5 4-4 8 , Purchase 3-8 2-4 10 , Flaisher 0-0 1-2 1 , Stepteau 3-4 0-0 9 , Buscher 1-3 0-0 2 , B.Thomas 0-5 0-0 0 , Avea 3-6 0-0 8 . Totals 30-62 12-18 82 .
Halftime_Hawaii 38-19 . 3-Point Goals_Hawaii Hilo 9-23 ( Howell 2-2 , Ingram 2-4 , Wattree 2-4 , Canencia 1-1 , Golden 1-3 , Cain 1-3 , Burghardt 0-1 , Berinobis 0-2 , Callaghan 0-3 ) , Hawaii 10-25 ( Stepteau 3-4 , Drammeh 2-3 , Avea 2-3 , Purchase 2-5 , Buggs 1-2 , Green 0-1 , Buscher 0-2 , B.Thomas 0-5 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_Hawaii Hilo 25 ( Berinobis 6 ) , Hawaii 39 ( M.Thomas 7 ) . Assists_Hawaii Hilo 13 ( Ingram 5 ) , Hawaii 20 ( Purchase 4 ) . Total Fouls_Hawaii Hilo 14 , Hawaii 12 . A_5,003 ( 10,300 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
DELHI , ON -
False teeth were stolen during a break-and-enter in Delhi last week .
Norfolk OPP received a report of a break-in on William Street around 3:10 a.m. last Thursday .
Police were told that somebody had gained entry to the property and made off with three sets of dentures .
Norfolk OPP are investigating .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Russian spy ship from the Cold War era has been spotted `` loitering '' off the coast of the US just 30 miles from a major submarine base .
US officials were keeping a close watch on the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov intelligence-gathering vessel as it travelled through international waters .
The spy ship is armed with surface-to-air missiles and equipped with technology that can intercept communications and collect data on US Navy sonar capability .
On Wednesday morning the warship was 30 miles south of Groton , Connecticut , home of the Naval Submarine Base New London .
( Photo : Getty Images South America )
( Photo : Fox News )
Grotton is known as the `` home of the submarine force '' and is the primary east coast submarine base for the US .
A US official told Fox News that the ship 's position also put it just south of Montauk on the eastern tip of New York 's Long Island .
The official said the Viktor Leonov was `` loitering '' in international waters .
On Tuesday the ship was spotted just 70 miles from the coast of Delaware .
Its position on Wednesday was the furthest north it has ever travelled up the US eastern seaboard , and it was last seen off the US east coast about two years ago , Fox News reported .
That time it was lurking near another US submarine base in Kings Bay , Georgia , while in January 2015 it was spotted in Havana , Cuba .
Officials at the Pentagon believe the ship will sail south along the US coast and return to the Caribbean , Fox News reported .
The Viktor Leonov is based on the Barents Sea in the Arctic but in recent weeks reportedly had crossed the Atlantic Ocean and stopped in Jamaica as part of a journey that had been planned for months .
US Senator Chris Murphy , a Democrat from Connecticut , expressed concern over the sightings .
They wrote on Twitter : `` Russia is acting like it has a permission slip to expand influence , test limits of reach . Questions are obvious : does it , and if so , why ? ''
There have been a number of provocations involving Russia in recent years .
Last Friday four Russian jets flew past a US Navy destroyer , the USS Porter , in the Black Sea , ignoring radio calls from the ship .
US-Russia relations have been under intense scrutiny following President Donald Trump 's victory over Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton last November .
Earlier this week Trump 's national security adviser , Michael Flynn , resigned after just three weeks on the job as it emerged that they discussed US sanctions on Russia with Moscow 's ambassador to the United States before the president took office and later misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations .
Flynn was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of warmer ties with Russia .
A member of Trump 's administration said the president knew for weeks that Flynn had misled the White House about their contacts with Russia but did not immediately force them out , Reuters reported .
Trump has suggested there is a media conspiracy and denied the notion of a `` Russian connection '' in response to a New York Times report which said members of their presidential campaign had contact with Russian intelligence officials .
Trump tweeted on Wednesday : `` This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign . ''
The Kremlin has also denied the reports .
Heartstrings , Westminster Christian School 's orchestra club , recently played at East Ridge retirement community in Cutler Bay . The residents enjoyed an afternoon filled with classical music , and afterwards each student spoke about themselves and how long they had been playing their or their instrument . Heartstrings are planning a return engagement to East Ridge in May . Club president Amanda Maier organized the community service project .
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Evil dad Liam Deane has been jailed for life after punching their newborn baby girl to death because they `` would not stop crying '' .
Violent Deane , 22 , squeezed and punched their two-day-old daughter after losing their temper , the court heard .
Baby Luna suffered “ catastrophic brain injuries ” after their tired mum went upstairs to sleep and their dad was asked to look after them
Michael Smith , prosecuting , told Leeds Crown Court the baby suffered injuries to their brain , body and face .
The prosecutor told the court : “ He ( Deane ) said they were responsible for all of the injuries that they had suffered and they said that Luna had not settled down and they lost control . ”
On July 17 , two days after Luna was born , their mum Karen Bissett , 21 , went upstairs at their home in Wakefield , West Yorks .
The following day they were told by Deane that Luna was struggling to breathe after falling in the night and hitting them head .
They called an ambulance and paramedics arrived to notice their face was badly swollen and bruised .
Luna was taken to Leeds General Infirmary where they died in intensive care on July 14th , three days after the attack .
A doctor concluded Luna had died after suffering head trauma , leaving them with `` catastrophic brain injuries . ''
Deane broke down when interviewed by police and admitted they were responsible for attacking the baby .
They admitted punching Luna to the face , squeezing their body and arms and shaking them
( Image : Huddersfield Examiner )
Richard Wright , QC , representing Deane , said : `` In my submission there is simply no explanation for the defendant 's behaviour .
`` His actions were wholly and utterly out of character for him .
`` The defendant will have a very long time to reflect upon their terrible behaviour . ''
Mr Wright read a victim statement to the court on behalf of Luna 's mother .
It stated : `` Seeing Luna on life support in the hospital will last with me forever .
`` I ca n't describe how that felt . I would not wish it upon my worst enemy . ''
Deane from Wakefield was given a life sentence and was told they must serve a minimum of ten years in prison .
The Recorder of Leeds , judge Peter Collier , QC , said : `` You were caring for your two-day old child .
`` She was crying . You yourself were no doubt stressed and tired but you lost your temper . ''
Detective Superintendent Jim Dunkerley , of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team , said : `` This was an extremely tragic case where a newborn baby girl has lost their lives before its even had chance to begin .
`` Luna suffered an assault at the hands of one of the people who was responsible for their care and wellbeing . Them family has been torn apart by their death .
`` Deane will now face life in prison as a result of their abhorrent actions and I hope the family can find some comfort in this verdict . ''
The Perplexing Psychology Of Saving For Health Care
Enlarge this image toggle caption Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you 'll be more frugal with it . That 's the theory behind health savings accounts , a decades-old GOP concept that 's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act .
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference . As with a retirement account , money put into an HSA can be invested , and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free . Withdrawals can be made at any time , and they are tax-free , too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses , such as health insurance deductibles , or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor .
Currently , HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans , meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share . While HSA participation is growing , only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts , according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans .
Why do n't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them ? For one thing , not everyone has money to contribute upfront . But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving .
`` How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good ' financial decisions , '' says Alycia DeGraff , a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association . DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future , many people simply get stressed-out .
`` These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together , '' they say . `` Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement , suppression , overcompensation , isolation , etc . — to try and deal with [ it ] . ''
This may explain , at least in part , why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general . Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account . And those of us who are parents have only saved , on average , enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids .
Saving money is hard . It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we 'll want or need later . And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty , shiny , things to buy RIGHT NOW .
Plus , we all pretend we wo n't get old or sick .
`` People are predictably irrational , '' says Dr. Mitesh Patel , especially when it comes to money . He 's a behavioral economist , physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Perelman School of Medicine .
But many of us really hate to lose money , Patel says , which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing .
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight , and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference .
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks . They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day . About 30 percent of the group did so . Meanwhile , people assigned to the second group were told they 'd be paid $ 1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps . About 35 percent of the second group did so .
Here 's the kicker : Each person in the third group was paid $ 42 upfront and was docked $ 1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal . Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal , Patel says . People hate to lose money .
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401 ( k ) s that required people who did n't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in . `` This creates a path of the least resistance , '' Patel says .
Of course , setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money , they note .
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans , a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests . But it 's unclear whether they actually improve their health . Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study , but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families .
Then there 's the issue of figuring out how much you , as an individual or a family , would need to save for health care — it 's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town , let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital .
`` If you want to save for a house , you can pretty much figure out the math , '' Patel says . `` But if you go to a doctor , they do n't give you a menu for prices . ''
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we 'd all need to change our mindset , says Degraff , the financial therapist .
`` People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves , '' they say . Naturally , we think our future selves will be `` better , healthier , more financially secure , '' they add . But , for many of us , health and income eventually decline with age . We need to save more now for later .
HSAs can be useful , Degraff notes , but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over .
`` A lot of people do n't even have a regular emergency fund savings , '' DeGraff says , `` especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance . ''
California Officials Say Thomas Fire Is The Fifth Largest In State History California officials say the Thomas Fire advancing on Santa Barbara is now the fifth worst in state history . This announcement comes after firefighters lost ground in containing it over the weekend .
PolitiFact is a liberal “ fact checking ” operation that serves the Democratic Party by pretending to be credible and non-partisan . To further its mission of providing unbiased “ fact checking , ” it hired former Florida representative Alan Grayson , perhaps the most despicable Congressman of modern times . It did n't end well :
PolitiFact announced it hired former politician Alan Grayson to critique its work in an effort to improve trust and credibility on Thursday…but that decision lasted about three seconds . “ It has become clear our choice of Alan Grayson did not meet that threshold to many , ” PolitiFact executive director Aaron Sharockman tweeted on Thursday after the initial tweet that they were hired received an onslaught of criticism from respected media members .
* * *
“ A fact-checking outfit hiring Alan Grayson is like a church hiring Charlie Sheen to run their youth group , ” National Review columnist Dan McLaughlin tweeted . Politico 's Jake Sherman asked , “ Is this a joke ? ”
* * *
The liberal firebrand once said the GOP health plan was to hope people die quickly . Former U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid called for them to drop out of a Senate race in 2016 when the New York Times reported that Grayson promoted their international travels , some with congressional delegations , to solicit business for a hedge fund they controlled . “ His actions are n't just disgraceful to the Democratic Party , they disgrace the halls of Congress , ” Reid said at the time .
If Harry Reid thinks you 're a disgrace , you know you are in trouble . We have written about Grayson over the years , for example here , in a post titled “ Greatest . Democrat . Ever . ”
Of all the disgraceful members of the Democratic Party , hatemonger Alan Grayson , Congressman from Florida , may be the most despicable . On the positive side , however , they also provide a good deal of comic relief . Here is the latest on Grayson : A trial to determine whether U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson 's wife committed bigamy when they wed the member of congress has been delayed because they required emergency surgery to remove breast implants . A day in the life of Alan Grayson . A little more context : Lolita Grayson… Seriously , that 's their name . …sued their husband for divorce last year after 24 years of marriage . But Alan Grayson says the marriage was invalid because they were never divorced from their first husband at the time of their union in 1990 . * * *
Last March , Lolita Grayson was granted a restraining order against the member of congress after they said Alan Grayson pushed them against the front door of their home when they stopped by the house . * * *
Grayson can thank their lucky stars he 's a “ progressive , ” otherwise newspapers would publicize the fact that they are crazy .
That PolitiFact thought Alan Grayson was an appropriate person to pass judgment on the accuracy of statements by politicians like Donald Trump tells you everything you need to know .
But one more point is relevant : PolitiFact apparently set out to hire a Democrat and a Republican to join their “ fact checking ” team . The Democrat was Grayson ; they are going back to the drawing board on that one . But the Republican was David Jolly , who , like Grayson , was briefly a Congressman from Florida .
What do we know about Mr. Jolly ? Their Wikipedia entry tells us :
Jolly has become a prominent Republican critic of U.S. President Donald Trump .
Of course they have ! You see how this works ? PolitiFact 's main mission is to “ fact check ” –i.e. , contest–anything that President Trump says . They know they have a credibility problem , since they have been convicted of liberal bias more times than anyone can count . So they seek to burnish their non-partisan credentials by adding a Democrat and a Republican to their team . The Democrat was the more or less insane hyper-partisan Alan Grayson , while the “ Republican ” was “ a prominent…critic of U.S. President Donald Trump. ” This is what PolitiFact calls objectivity : it employs both Democrat and “ Republican ” critics of Donald Trump .
PolitiFact has zero credibility , and replacing the egregious Mr. Grayson wo n't change that fact .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The star of Salvage Hunters was attacked in a pub by the husband of a woman he 'd had an affair with over a text message the reality star had sent to the man 's wife .
Drew Pritchard was in the Liverpool Arms pub in Conwy , Wales , when Janus Bryn Thomas “ swung out with their left hand in a rage ” .
Thomas said they were smirked at by Mr Pritchard .
Mr Pritchard was knocked to the ground , dropping their drink and glasses . Thomas , 47 , had to be pulled off the TV personality by other drinkers , reports the Daily Post .
At Llandudno magistrates court today , magistrates heard from defence solicitor Michael Gray that Thomas had been “ provoked ” by Mr Pritchard , who had had an affair with Thomas ' wife Amanda two years ago .
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
( Image : publicity pic )
The court heard when the affair was broken off , Mr Pritchard contacted Mrs Thomas and said their involvement would be made public .
Mrs Thomas then received messages from what were described as Mr Pritchard 's “ other women ” blaming them for a breakdown in their relationships with him .
Mrs Thomas then told their husband about the affair and the two agreed to stay together .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Then , in April this year Mr Pritchard sent Mrs Thomas a text which effectively called Thomas a coward .
The exact contents of the text were shown to magistrates , but not to the press or public .
Mr Gray denied that Thomas , who is managing director of BJW Cranes Ltd , had sought revenge on Mr Pritchard , but said that when they attacked them in the pub on July 8 - three months after the message - the Salvage Hunter had been smirking and belittling him .
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
( Image : publicity pic )
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
The court heard that after the attack - over which Thomas has been banned from every pub in Conwy county - another text message was sent by Mr Pritchard , apparently goading him . Mr Thomas ' solicitor Mr Gray said this had been reported to the police , and that Mr Pritchard had been “ tormenting ” him .
The Crown Prosecution Service said a “ criminal investigation was underway ” over the messages , but that it had n't been established they were from Mr Pritchard , whose son is best friends with Thomas ' son .
Mr Gray added : “ This was extreme provocation in my submission . Try and understand what might have happened in Mr Thomas ' head .
“ In the two-and-half years after affair was disclosed they could have sought revenge . They did n't . With this latest text on their mind , they reacted .
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
“ It was an isolated incident , it was impulsive . I would say it was provocation . ”
They added Thomas was “ ashamed ” of what had happened , adding “ No way on earth they wanted their son , daughter to see them in court . They accept their wrongdoing , he 's ashamed of himself . They have put everything personal to them in jeopardy . ”
Mr Pritchard was left with a sore head , a cut on their elbow and pain in their jaw . They said the attack was “ vicious ” and had been left wary of going out and had applied for a restraining order against Thomas , who admitted the charges of common assault and threatening behaviour .
Mr Thomas , who was accompanied to court by their wife , was fined £480 for threatening behaviour and £960 for assault .
Magistrates did not grant the restraining order applied for by Mr Pritchard , who did not attend the hearing .
© Eriko Sugita / Reuters
© KCNA / Reuters
The estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been killed in Malaysia , police have confirmed , according to Reuters . The official cause of death remains unknown , but a report claims they were poisoned by North Korean operatives.Police earlier told Reuters that an unidentified man had died en route to the hospital from Kuala Lumpur Airport.It was later confirmed that the man was Kim Jong-nam , Kim Jong-un 's older half brother.Those women are at large , according to the outlet , which cited multiple South Korean government sources.South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said it could not confirm the reports , and the country 's intelligence agency could not be reached for comment by Reuters.Police said that Kim Jong-nam had planned to travel to Macau from Kuala Lumpur on Monday morning.He said multiple times that they had no interest in leading their country . `` Personally I am against third-generation succession , '' they told Japan 's Asahi TV in 2010 . `` I hope my younger brother will do their best for the sake of North Koreans ' prosperous lives , '' they continued.Despite Kim Jong-nam 's statement , their brother Kim Jong-un did succeed their father Kim Jong-il following their death in late 2011 .
Locals meet HOF'er , Rangers ' idol ‘ Pudge ' in Waxahachie
Ranger fans of all ages turned out to the H-E-B in Waxahachie on Wednesday for a chance to meet former Rangers ' catcher and MLB Hall-of-Famer Ivan “ Pudge ” Rodriguez ahead of their famed
No . 7 jersey being retired in Arlington this weekend . Rodriguez signed copies of their book “ They Call me Pudge , My Life Playing the Game I Love. ” Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News . Be informed , subscribe today !
Comments
comments
Jeremy Lin has dreadlocks . It 's a perplexing situation , but not all that surprising considering what Lin 's hair has looked like over the last few seasons . Earlier this week they explained the motive for and the thinking process behind the new hairstyle in an essay on The Players Tribune . In the piece they reveal that they and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson decided to get dreads together .
So…about my hair ! Link in bio ! ! @ chap # dreaded A post shared by Jeremy Lin ( @ jlin7 ) on Oct 3 , 2017 at 2:26pm PDT
I suggest you read the entire thing because for once we can be certain that the player is the actual author of the piece . Here 's a snippet :
This process started out about hair , but it 's turned into something more for me . I 'm really grateful to my teammates and friends for being willing to help me talk through such a difficult subject , one that I 'm still learning about and working my way through . Over the course of the last few years and all these hairstyles , I 've learned that there 's a difference between “ not caring what other people think ” and actually trying to walk around for a while in another person 's shoes . The conversations I had were n't always very comfortable , and at times I know I did n't say the right things . But I 'm glad I had them — because I know as an Asian-American how rare it is for people to ask me about my heritage beyond a surface level .
Lin was worried about appropriating black culture , which seems to be one of the things that really bothered former NBA player Kenyon Martin . Martin posted a picture of Lin 's hair on Instagram and then posted two videos talking about the hair . Martin received some feedback on their opinion and shot a follow-up . In this one they say it was a joke , but also that they did n't like Lin 's hair , but begrudgingly admitted Lin could do what they wanted .
Lin left a comment on one of Martin 's posts which was very complimentary but also made sure to mention that Martin has a tattoo featuring Chinese characters .
All three of Martin 's posts about Lin were deleted on Friday morning .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning . Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
On Thursday Lin went on SportsCenter to discuss the reaction to their hair .
They then talked about it after Brooklyn 's game on Thursday night .
Jeremy Lin spoke extensively about Kenyon Martin 's comments after the game : pic.twitter.com/JaDH1Du8V0 — Anthony Puccio ( @ APOOCH ) October 6 , 2017
Back to The Players Tribune :
Again , I may not have gotten it right with my idea to get dreads . But I hope that this is a start , not an end , to more dialogue about our differences . We need more empathy , more compassion and less judgment . That takes actual work and communication . So let 's start now — please join me . Thank you so much for taking the time to read this … now I 'd love to hear your thoughts . Feel free to leave a comment or question on any of my social media platforms .
In summation , Lin thought long and hard about this decision and is willing to have a conversation with anyone about it no matter how uncomfortable it makes him .
The following deaths have taken place in Leitrim and surrounding areas :
Kelly O'Brien Bridge Street , Drumshanbo , Leitrim
The death has occurred of Kelly O'Brien , Bridge Street , Drumshanbo , Co. Leitrim . Kelly passed away peacefully on 3rd July 2018 . They will be dearly missed by their loving parents Maura and Paddy , brothers Conor and Mark , sister Sonya , nephew Bobby and their mother Irene , aunts and uncles , aunt-in-laws and uncle-in-laws , cousins , neighbours and all their friends and work colleagues .
Kelly will be reposing at their home ( Bridge Street , Drumshanbo ) on Thursday 5th July from 15:00-22:00 . Funeral Mass on Friday 6th July at 12:00pm in St. Patrick 's Church , Drumshanbo followed by burial in the new cemetery . House is strictly private at all other times . Family flowers only by request and donations , if desired , to Leitrim Animal Welfare .
Colm Costello , Killaneen , Ballinamore , Leitrim / Killeshandra , Cavan
Colm Costello , Killaneen , Ballinamore , Co.Leitrim and formerly Centra , Killashandra , Co. Cavan . Monday 2nd July 2018 ( after a long illness bravely borne ) surrounded by their loving family and in the loving care of the staff at Vincent 's University Hospital , Dublin . Predeceased by their brother Mark and grandad Gerry . Deeply regretted and sadly missed by their heartbroken parents Paul and Mary , brother Liam , sister Emma , grandad Eddie , granny Carmel and granny Teresa , extended Costello and Dolan families , relatives , neighbours , work colleagues at ( Supervalu , Carrick-on-Shannon ) , fellow members of the C.P.B.S and a large circle of friends . Reposing at the family home on Tuesday evening from 7 o'clock until 10 o'clock and on Wednesday from 3 o'clock until 10 o'clock . Removal on Thursday arriving St. Mary 's Church , Aughnasheelin ( N41 HRQ4 ) for Mass of Christian Burial at 1 o'clock with funeral afterwards to adjoining Cemetery . Family flowers only , donations in lieu , if so desired , to John Keogh St. Vincent 's Foundation , Elm Park , Dublin 4 . One way traffic system in operation via Ballinamore / Carrick-on-Shannon Road . House strictly private on Thursday please .
Carmel Beirne ( née Kelly ) , Cloontumpher , Bornacoola , Leitrim
Carmel Beirne ( née Kelly ) , Cloontumpher , Bornacoola , Co. Leitrim . July 2nd 2018 ( suddenly ) at their home , beloved wife of the late Jimmy Joe and dear mother of Mary McCartin ( Limerick ) , James ( Tullamore ) , Margaret and Suzanne O'Beirne ( Mohill ) , deeply regretted by their loving family , sister Pat Hopkins ( U , K , ) sons in law , daughter in law , grandchildren , nieces , nephews , relatives , neighbours and friends . Lying in Repose at Shannon Lodge Nursing Home Chapel , Rooskey on Wednesday from 5.30pm until 7pm , with removal to St Michael 's Church Bornacoola to arrive at 7.30pm . Funeral Mass at 11am on Thursday followed by burial in Cloonmorris cemetery . Family flowers only please donations if desired to S.V.D.P . Donation box in Church .
George Reginald ( Reggie ) Cornwall Ardgallen , Boyle , Sligo
George Reginald ( Reggie ) Cornwall ( July 3rd ) Ardgallen , Boyle , Co.Sligo and Drumderrig Nursing Home , Boyle , Co.Roscommon . Peacefully at Sligo University Hospital . Predeceased by their wife Betty , Sadly missed by their daughter Shirley Kitterick , knappagh , Westport , Co.Mayo . Grand children , Anya and Val , son-in-law Tom . sister-in-law Betty , niece Elizabeth , nephews Leslie , Neville , Adrian , relatives and many friends .
Reposing Mahon 's Funeral Home , Boyle , Co. Roscommon Wednesday evening 6 o'clock until 8 o'clock . Funeral arriving to the Church of Ireland , Boyle on Thursday morning for Service at 11 o'clock . Burial afterwards in adjoining graveyard .
Jim Duignan Drumcase , Killeshandra , Cavan
Jim Duignan , Drumcase , Killeshandra , Co. Cavan , 2 July 2018 , peacefully at Cavan General Hospital , surrounded by their family . Very deeply regretted by their loving wife Breda , their sons Gary and Shane , their brothers Michael and Patsy , sisters Sheila and Mary , mother-in-law Ann , nephew , nieces , brothers-in-law , sisters-in-law , relatives and friends .
Funeral Mass on Wednesday 4th July at 11am at St. Brigid 's Church , Killeshandra . Burial afterwards in adjoining cemetery . House private from 5pm on Tuesday please . Family flowers only please . Donations , if desired , to COPD Unit at Cavan General Hospital .
Tom Ward Ballyfeeney , Kilglass , Roscommon
Unexpectedly at Mullingar General Hospital . Predeceased by their wife Eileen . Much loved father of Olivia , Caroline , Hughie , Clodagh and Tommy . They will be sadly missed by their loving wife Pauline , daughters , sons , son-in-law David , daughter-in-law Sharon , grandchildren , brothers , sisters , nephews , nieces , brothers-in-law , sisters-in-law , relatives , neighbours and many friends .
Reposing at their home in Ballyfeeney on Wednesday , July 4th , from 4pm until 9pm . Removal on Thursday , July 5th , to The Sacred Heart Church , Kilglass , to arrive for Funeral Mass at 12 noon . Burial afterwards in Scramogue Cemetery .
May they all Rest In Peace .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin 's comedy partner and best friend Declan Donnelly has seemingly gone MIA following their buddy 's drink drive arrest .
While Ant 's estranged wife Lisa Armstrong has broken their silence after they vowed to return to rehab , Dec has yet to comment .
There was no answer at the intercom of their home , which is just two doors away from the detached property they used to share with Lisa , leading fans to wonder where they are .
`` Where 's Dec their buddy ? '' tweeted one , while others expressed sympathy for the star , who may now have to front the last two instalments of SNT alone .
`` If I was Dec I 'd be sympathetic and supportive of course , but , honestly , I 'd also be a bit annoyed , as it 's their career too and he 's done nowt wrong , '' wrote one .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
`` Feel a bit sorry for DeclanDonnelly in all this .. Their own career hanging in the balance . Surly one is nothing without the other , '' added another , while a third said , `` Poor Declan Donnelly dec , he 's going to need really big special hug . ''
Meanwhile , Lisa insisted she 's 'not interested ' in discussing their soon-to-be ex husband 's arrest or impending rehab stay .
They Strictly Come Dancing make-up artist - who is a Ant left in January - refused to be drawn on their decision to step down from Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway and head to rehab for a second time .
( Image : ITV )
`` I 'm sorry I 'm not interested , '' Lisa said when whether they would discuss the incident , which police are still investigating .
They spoke over the intercom of the plush four-bedroom house in Chiswick , west London , which they used to share with Ant before their divorce announcement .
Saturday Night Takeaway CANCELLED as Ant McPartlin goes to rehab after drink drive arrest
( Image : TIM ANDERSON )
Neighbours also appeared protective of the telly star , with several refusing to comment on their latest turmoil .
A woman , who appeared to be in their 40s , in a house across the road , said : `` We wo n't be saying anything . Thank you . ''
Another neighbour said `` no thanks '' when asked about Ant before quickly shutting their front door .
At their new digs , neighbours said it was `` very sad '' at the announcement .
Neighbours to McPartlin in Chiswick , west London , largely refused to chat about the presenter but a neighbour directly next door said it was `` very sad '' that Ant had decided to go back to treatment .
Ant McPartlin looking shell shocked and unsteady on their feet seconds after drink-drive crash
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
The woman , who refused to give their name , said : `` I just heard it on the radio , it 's very sad . ''
Other residents refused to talk about their celebrity neighbour , who checked into rehab last hear following substance and alcohol abuse .
A spokesperson said : `` ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend .
`` We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment .
`` We very much help that they get the help they need . ''
Earlier today the star sensationally confirmed he 's heading back to rehab following their drink drive arrest .
The TV favourite was nicked by cops after crashing their black Mini into two other vehicles on Sunday afternoon . They failed a roadside breathalyser test and was held in police custody for 10 hours for questioning .
“ Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments , '' a statement on Ant and Dec 's Twitter page read .
`` He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future . As such ‘ Saturday Night Takeaway ' will not be going ahead this Saturday . ”
ITV released its own statement , confirming this week 's show will not go ahead , and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks .
“ ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend , '' a spokesperson said .
“ We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series ( March 31 and April 7 ) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment . We very much hope that they get the help that they need . ”
Footage has emerged showing the 42-year-old looking shell shocked and unsteady on their feet just seconds after a three-car smash .
And video obtained by the Daily Mail shows the star looking confused and dishevelled as they emerge from the crashed car .
Their mum Christine Woodhall was in the car at the time , having gone for a walk with their son and their dogs at nearby Richmond Park . They returned to the west London home they now share since Ant 's split from their wife Lisa Armstrong , and was seen leaving this morning to be smuggled away in a luxury Mercedes van .
Extra Metro trains will be running during the busy festive season .
The increase in service will help shoppers , families and partygoers throughout December , providing a higher frequency of service during the busiest months of the year .
A normal Sunday service will run on Christmas Eve until about 6.30pm , with an hourly service thereafter ( and a 30 minute service in Newcastle city centre ) until about 11pm .
On Boxing Day a normal Saturday service will run between about 8am and 8pm , but Sunderland station will be closed , with trains running straight through .
A normal weekday service will run from Wednesday , December 27 , until Friday , December 29 , with a normal Saturday service on Saturday , December 30 .
Trains will also run to a Sunday timetable on New Year 's Eve until approximately 10pm then at a half hourly frequency ( and a 15 minute service in Newcastle city centre ) until the end of service .
There will be additional trains running to accommodate extra travellers expected around the New Year 's Eve Parade at Exhibition Park and the Town Moor in Newcastle .
Chris Carson , Metro services director , said : “ The festive period is a busy time for everyone as they do last minute shopping and enjoy days and nights out with friends and family .
“ Metro is on hand to get you there – whether you 're trying to get hold of this year 's must have Christmas gift , going to meet Santa , skating , or taking in a show at a panto . ”
“ During this busy time of year , when traffic becomes heavier and parking can be difficult , travelling by Metro is quick and convenient .
“ We hope the extra Metro services will help make life easier for our passengers , take some of the stress out of Christmas shopping , and allow them to make the most of the festive season . ”
The times vary depending on the train destination and customers are therefore advised to check times before travelling .
For full information about service times , visit www.nexus.org.uk/metro/updates
No trains will be in operation on Christmas Day and on New Year 's Day .
The timetable returns to normal service from Tuesday , January 2 .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Terry 's 22-year love affair with Chelsea will come to an end this summer .
The Blues skipper has announced that they will leave Stamford Bridge , in a joint-statement with the London club .
`` After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club , '' said Terry , in a statement .
`` From coaches , team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years , I ca n't thank you enough . There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks .
`` I will decide on my future in due course , but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season . ''
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : 2017 Getty Images )
Terry , who has made 713 appearances for the club , has struggled for regular action under Antonio Conte this season .
The former England skipper has made just five Premier League appearances , with the last of those a six-minute outing against Everton on November 5 .
As such , with the 36-year-old seemingly still keen on playing , they have elected to leave the league leaders this summer .
( Photo : Chelsea FC via Getty Images )
( Photo : Getty )
`` The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship , which will continue beyond my playing days .
`` We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it 's the right time for me to leave . I 've always been conscious that I depart at the right time , in the right way , and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I .
`` I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me . I 'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge . I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware . ''
`` Finally , words can not describe the love I have for our football club and our amazing Chelsea fans . I would like to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for the unbelievable support you 've shown me over the years . You mean the world to me and every trophy we 've won during my time at the club we 've won together . I will never forget the incredible journey we 've been on .
`` Thank you so much for everything . ''
( Photo : Getty )
Terry has won a host of honours at Stamford Bridge , including four Premier League titles , five FA Cup crowns , three League Cups , the 2012 Champions League and 2013 Europa League .
They have also been named in the PFA Team of the Year on four occasions , and was PFA Players ' Player of the Year in 2004-05 . Indeed , they are the most decorated individual in the club 's history .
`` Everyone at Chelsea would like to place on record our thanks to John for all they have done for this football club , '' declared Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia .
`` He has been an outstanding player , inspirational captain and has always demonstrated an exceptional commitment to the cause .
`` In that time , Chelsea has grown into one of the world 's top clubs and it is only right that John 's contribution is recognised . They will always be held in the highest regard by everybody at Stamford Bridge and we look forward to welcoming them back in the future . ''
( Photo : Getty )
LIVE reaction as John Terry announces decision to leave Chelsea
Terry has been linked with a move abroad to continue their career , with a number of MLS sides having ventured an interest in taking them Stateside .
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is also keen on taking the veteran to the Hawthorns , having seen a January move rejected .
“ In January they wanted to stay with Chelsea , ” said Pulis last month . “ He wanted to stay there and be part of going out as a champion . I 'm not sure how many times he 's won it with them but John wanted to stay there .
“ If they become available in the summer , we 'll sit down and have a little think about what we 've got and what we have n't got and we 'll take it from there .
Pulis has kept in touch and is expected to make another move this summer .
What Did We Learn From The Nunes Memo ? The Justice Department opposed the public release of the memo . NPR 's Michel Martin talks with former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales about how the disclosed information could affect the agency .
IT was supposed to be a fresh start for Rennie D'Arcy and Jacky Werner .
The couple was moving from Mt Compass to a new home in the Victorian regional town of Coleraine and planned to get married .
But their wedding will not go ahead after Mr D'Arcy , 58 , was killed in a head-on crash at Struan , near Naracoorte , in the state 's South-East on Sunday .
Camera Icon Rennie D'Arcy met Jacky Werner four years ago and the Mt Compass couple were moving to Victoria when the fatal crash happened . Pic : Supplied Picture : Supplied
When Ms Werner , 57 , arrived at their new home with champagne and chocolate , they posted on social media : “ Made it ” with pictures of an impeding storm .
But only 20 minutes earlier , Mr D'Arcy , who had driven separately with the couple 's dogs and kittens , had collided with another car on the Riddoch Hwy and never finished the five-hour journey .
“ My best day turned to my worst , ” Ms Werner said .
“ I thought we 've made it , we 've got through , I thought I would actually succeed , now that has gone away . ”
Ms Werner knew something was wrong when they received a “ dreadful ” phone call that one of their dogs , Scout , which was travelling with their fiance , was found wandering on the road .
Them dozens of calls went unanswered until they finally learned of their beloved 's death , along with a kitten that perished in the crash .
The driver of the other car , a 26-year-old man , sustained minor injuries .
Ten years ago , Mr D'Arcy lost both legs to necrotising fasciitis , or flesh-eating bacteria , but was walking on prosthetics within four months .
In 2014 , the double amputee escaped death after plunging into a dam in the Adelaide Hills while swerving to avoid hitting a motorist .
Camera Icon Rennie D'Arcy died in a head on crash at Struan in the state 's South East on May 28 . Pic : Supplied Picture : Supplied
They had , in the past two years , survived a bladder infection , a superbug in their kidneys and spending six days in a coma , at which point Ms Werner decided to give up their dog salon and become a full-time carer .
They have remembered their fiance , who they met four years ago , as an “ indomitable spirit ” .
“ He did n't take no for an answer … it takes a certain kind of person to take what had happened to them in their health journey , ” Ms Werner said .
Despite their disability , Mr D'Arcy worked with Orana and volunteered at other organisations to support others with disabilities .
“ I remembered once a guy had lost their leg and said their life was over , Rennie just quietly left and the next day came back wearing shorts , ” they said .
“ The visual impact made the man open up to Rennie .
“ He loves anybody and they would give their shirt on their back to anybody that needed it if they could . ”
Most recently , Mr D'Arcy had a thumb infection that forced Ms Werner to fundraise online to help with their move , which the couple had planned for four years .
The animal portrait artist said they planned to get married last year but postponed their plans until they settled in their new home in Victoria .
“ That was our dream , there was finally a solution to an increasing stressful time so we bought the place to downsize , ” Ms Werner said .
Camera Icon Rennie D'Arcy with their fiancee Jacky Werner . Picture : Supplied , supplied
Ms Werner will change their last name to D'Arcy . “ I keep telling myself to remember I did have something most people are searching for , ” they said .
“ He is the sweetest man on earth and I was their world . ”
They said Mr D'Arcy wanted to be a motivational speaker after their move .
The community has been donating to the GoFundMe page Ms Werner initially set up for the move to help them through this difficult time .
“ I 'm beyond completely overwhelmed by the affirmation and help from others , ” they said .
ADVERTISEMENT
By now you 've seen innumerable stories in the news media in which the reporter visits a hardscrabble town that went heavily for Donald Trump in 2016 — maybe in West Virginia or Ohio or Michigan — and finds that despite the president 's troubles , hard-core Trump supporters in their `` Make America Great Again '' hats are still behind him .
I do n't want to talk about those people .
Instead , let 's talk about a different set of voters : people I 'll call the `` What the hell '' Trump supporters . It 's hard to know exactly how many of them there are , because it 's a category not usually captured in polls . But from anecdotes , we can be fairly sure that they were plentiful . They were n't stars-in-their-eyes Trump fans , and they were n't necessarily super-loyal Republicans . They were dissatisfied with the way things were going in the country and did n't think Washington was accomplishing anything . They realized Trump was something of a con man , but they said , `` What the hell . Let 's give them a shot and see if they can do any better . '' They did n't think they had much to lose . Maybe it really would make a difference to have a business person in charge . Maybe they really could use their deal-making prowess to forge solutions to problems that had seemed intractable . Maybe they really could jawbone and bully other countries to give us our jobs back . These voters never thought Trump walked on water . But they decided to give them a chance anyway .
And President Trump may already be losing them .
Consider a Gallup poll that came out on Monday . Among other things , it found ratings of Trump plunging on a variety of measures in the last two months , including whether they `` keeps their promises . '' In February , 62 percent of people said they do ; in April it was down to 45 percent . Among people describing themselves as political independents , they went from 59 percent down to 43 percent on that measure .
Maybe it was the failure of the GOP 's Affordable Care Act repeal that did it , or maybe it was the general chaos and bumbling around the White House . And of course , maybe it 's only temporary — they could bounce back the next time they take a poll . But if you were one of those `` What the hell '' voters , what you were looking for was results . And so far , you have n't gotten any .
Sure , there have been some executive orders and signatures on a few modest bills , on things like putting more coal ash into streams or attacking Planned Parenthood . But so far , Trump 's presidency has hardly been a juggernaut of success .
A Republican might protest that we 're only a few months into Trump 's term , which is absolutely true . But if people are n't offering them a lot of patience , they have no one to blame but himself . Trump promised miracles : We 'd build a wall on the southern border and Mexico would pay for it , all the coal jobs would come back , he 'd smack the Chinese around and they 'd give us all our manufacturing jobs back , he 'd replace ObamaCare with `` something terrific '' that would offer fantastic coverage yet cost less , ISIS would be vanquished and the world would respect and admire the United States — or as they put it , `` We 're going to win so much . You 're going to get tired of winning . ''
When you make promises that are so ridiculous they ca n't possibly be kept , before long people may decide you have n't kept them . And while a campaign is all about creating a compelling vision of the future , a president has to produce right here in the present . You can go to a factory and say you 've saved a few dozen or a few hundred jobs , but eventually people will notice that the terrific high-wage jobs you promised them , in their communities , are n't materializing .
That brings us to another problem Trump will have over time . On the campaign trail , they described America as a post-apocalyptic hellscape where unemployment was at 42 percent , crime was at record highs , and we all lived in constant misery . The truth , however , was that unemployment was under 5 percent and crime was near all-time lows . That means that Trump does n't have a lot of room to improve things , except in ways he 's not likely to accomplish .
For instance , the problem is n't that there are n't enough jobs , because there are plenty of jobs . The problems are more complicated , revolving around slowing productivity gains , insufficient wage growth , and a skills gap for the kind of high-paying work that used to be found in factories even for people without a lot of formal education . The only people who think that you can solve those problems with the program Trump is pursuing — little more than tax cuts for the wealthy and the removal of environmental and worker safety regulations — are Republican members of congress who read Ayn Rand in high school and never got over it .
Trump may get much of that program passed in the end , but the chances that it will create all the winning they promised are between slim and none . And since their argument was n't based on ideology or understanding of policy , they have to produce results . If you 're one of those `` What the hell '' Trump voters , you may have already decided that you gave them their shot , and they blew it .
UNDER a dawning sky , with the occasional star piercing the clouds , around 1000 people gathered to pay their respects to our past and present servicemen and women at Lismore 's dawn service .
From babies to their great grandparents they stood patiently as they commemorated one of the most important days on the Australian calendar .
Photos View Photo Gallery
As the men and women marched in silence down Molesworth St the years fell from them and you could see them as they were when they served our country .
The service was held at the Lismore Memorial Baths .
Lismore Anzac Day : Cecil Harris and Wilson McClellan from the sub-branch .
There was also a good crowd at the Alstonville service , which was held at Elizabeth Anne Brown Park .
The Ballina RSL Sub-branch hosted another big dawn service at the cenotaph , with the RSL Club posting this video to Facebook shortly afterwards :
Have you been to a service today , or are you planning to go to one ? We would love to see your photos . Email news @ northernstar.com.au with the photo and details .
After hitting a 10-year high of 25.69 in January , the BSE Sensex price-to-earnings ratio fell to 23.44 in May . Photo : Mint
Bengaluru : Indian stocks are expected to erase recent losses and rise a little this year , but an array of political developments at home and overseas along with just a steady economic growth outlook will likely restrain the market , a Reuters poll showed .
While the Indian stock index gained nearly 7 % in January and hit a lifetime high , it is down about 4 % since then , tracking the rout in global equities as worries of a trade war between the US and China intensified .
The consensus from the latest Reuters poll of over 50 strategists and brokers taken 21-30 May points to gains for the BSE Sensex .
The index , which is up 2.6 % for the year , is now expected to gain 1.7 % from Tuesday 's close to 35,550 by end-2018 . It is then forecast to hit a fresh record high of 36,300 by the middle of next year .
But over a third of respondents forecast the index to be lower then , including one strategist who expects it to dip to 27,500 , a level not seen since January last year .
The consensus view is also the weakest six-month outlook since at least the financial crisis and is also a slight downgrade compared to three months ago .
A majority of poll respondents attributed their views to national election results or political developments outside the country .
More than half the losses so far this year have come after an inconclusive Karnataka state election earlier this month . That has also coincided with the turmoil in global financial markets amid the political chaos in Italy .
“ Ahead of the next year 's general election and ongoing global political uncertainties , the stock market will not show any large up or down move , remaining consolidated , ” said Vedant Manore , a consultant and trader at ‎Edelweiss Financial Services .
“ But , if the ( current ) government wins the majority of seats in Parliament , stock prices would rally on hopes of quick policy decisions . ”
Indeed , the more tempered view for a market used to double-digit gains in recent years was driven by the political situation in Karnataka which has clouded the outlook for general elections next year .
The surge in crude oil prices , India 's biggest import item , has also weighed on stocks as it is inflationary and may push the Reserve Bank of India to raise rates much earlier than previously thought - possibly as soon as August .
India 's economy probably gained a little momentum in the first three months of 2018 which should ensure that it remains the world 's fastest growing major economy , a separate Reuters poll showed .
Still , foreign investors sold $ 1.4 billion of Indian stocks this month , in line with a wide sell-off in emerging markets , driven by the recent rise in US Treasury yields .
After hitting a 10-year high of 25.69 in January , the BSE Sensex price-to-earnings ratio fell to 23.44 in May - above the long-term average of 18.74 , suggesting stock prices are still expensive .
EMBED > More News Videos Learn how to grill asparagus for an easy barbecue side dish .
Families and friends are gathering around the grill for Independence day , and those all-American meals often include burgers , steaks and asparagus.Executive Chef of Tim Soldat from Morton 's The Steakhouse stopped by the studio to teach us simple , delicious recipes perfect for holiday barbecues.If you 'd rather let someone else do the grilling , Morton 's is offering three courses for $ 40 from Wednesday , July 4 to Saturday , July 7 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Blackpool Pleasure Beach 's new rollercoaster Icon is one of the most highly-anticipated rides opening in UK theme parks this spring - and now fans can get a sneak peek of what to expect .
New behind-the-scenes images of the construction offer thrill-seekers a glimpse of the double-launch rollercoaster with its 82ft drops , terrifying tunnels and plenty of loops and swerves .
Blackpool Pleasure Beach had previously confirmed that it would be 'interacting ' with other attractions at the theme park - and images show that it does indeed pass right through 'The Big One ' .
The park is currently closed for winter , but its doors reopen on Saturday 10th February , although the rollercoaster itself wo n't be open to the public until spring .
( Image : PA )
Blackpool Pleasure Beach managing director Amanda Thompson told PA : `` This is a key milestone in the build which marks the first in a series of thrilling interactions to guarantee riders a truly exhilarating experience .
`` What we 've achieved so far is impressive to see and a credit to all involved . `` We 're looking forward to visitors getting their very first glimpse of Icon when our doors open on February 10 . ''
( Image : PA )
Icon is one of the theme park 's biggest investments to date , costing around £16.25million .
Although this is the first time we 've had a real look at the rollercoaster , Blackpool Pleasure Beach has previously teased fans with CGI videos recreating what a ride on Icon will actually entail .
It looks like the stuff of any adrenaline junkie 's dreams .
For a start , the rollercoaster 'interacting ' over 15 times with the park 's other rides during the two-and-a-half minute journey , by powering through , over and around some of Blackpool Pleasure Beach 's biggest attractions including The Big One .
Riders will be able to experience the same levels of acceleration felt by Formula 1 drivers - the rollercoaster reaches speeds of up to 80 miles per hour .
( Image : Blackpool Pleasure Beach )
The logo invites guests to 'dare to ride ' , with a red Japanese emblem and logo symbolising speed .
It 's a particularly exciting coup for Blackpool Pleasure Beach , as Icon will be the UK 's first ever double launch rollercoaster : visitors will be propelled at high speed not only at the start of the ride , but for a second time halfway through for an extra burst of adrenaline .
`` Icon is going to be one of the most talked about , iconic rollercoasters of the future , '' said Blackpool Pleasure Beach 's Managing Director Amanda Thompson OBE of the name choice . `` The name speaks for itself as it will be one of the most iconic rides on the planet .
( Image : Blackpool Pleasure Beach )
( Image : PA )
`` This is Blackpool Pleasure Beach 's biggest investment to date and will have a real impact on the town and region as a whole . ''
Rollercoaster enthusiasts still have a while to wait before they can test out the ride , which is set to open in spring 2018 .
The project kicked off in December 2016 , as the rollercoaster was manufactured in Germany .
Building has already seen over 5500 tonnes of soil excavated , not to mention the 8,000 metres of concrete piles and steel tubes driven into the ground .
With More Rain Forecast , Crews Work To Reinforce Oroville Dam
Enlarge this image toggle caption Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
In California , construction crews are trying to lower the level of Lake Oroville and repair emergency spillways at the Oroville Dam , about 75 miles north of Sacramento , to prevent catastrophic flooding downstream .
A secondary spillway was opened Monday after the main spillway , which is supposed to safely release water when the lake level is too high , had developed a huge hole , as we reported .
Rain is forecast for later this week in Northern California , and nearly 200,000 people who live downstream have been evacuated from the area .
As NPR 's Richard Gonzalez reported , `` The good news is that the water level in the dam is falling and repair crews have been able to drop heavy rocks in key spots of the emergency spillway to prevent further erosion . ''
For those who were evacuated , hotels in the region were filled to capacity on Tuesday and `` evacuation centers are straining to keep up with the demand for shelter , '' Richard said .
FEMA Acting Regional Administrator Ahsha Tribble said the agency is providing support to evacuated people , Ben Bradford of Capital Public Radio reported .
`` We are already moving commodities , and commodities being cots , blankets and water , given the number of people that were actually evacuated last night , '' Tribble said .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
`` Officials say a new series of storms coming by Thursday prevents them from saying how long the evacuation could last , '' Richard reported .
The Los Angeles Times published this diagram of what that catastrophic erosion could look like .
`` Meanwhile , local reports are emerging that environmental groups raised concerns about the dam 's emergency spillway decades ago , '' Richard reported .
The Times reported that the the emergency spillways were damaged by far less water than the maximum flow they are supposed to handle :
`` Earth and weak rock near the top of the spillway started to erode when peak flows were 12,600 cubic feet per second , compared with the designed capacity of 450,000 cubic feet per second , according to the Department of Water Resources . ... Bill Croyle , the acting director of the Department of Water Resources , said Monday that they were 'not sure anything went wrong . This was a new , never-happened-before event . ' `` But during 2005 relicensing proceedings for Oroville Dam , several environmental groups argued that substantial erosion would occur on the hillside in the event of a significant emergency spill . In a filing , they asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to order the state to 'to armor or otherwise reconstruct the ungated spillway . ' `` State Water Project contractors , including the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California , were involved in the relicensing . MWD General Manager Jeffrey Kightlinger said Monday their agency deferred to the state and federal agencies on the matter . ''
At 770 feet , the Oroville Dam is the tallest in the U.S . Although the structure has n't suffered a catastrophic failure , the excess water dumped by a series of California storms and released through the spillways has nonetheless inundated communities in and around Oroville .
Reporter Paige St. John of the Times tweeted a photo of a drowned cemetery in the town of Marysville downstream of the dam .
An aerial photo shared by the Long Beach Fire Department , which was called in from the southern part of the state to assist local authorities , showed water carving channels through the hills downstream of the dam , carrying mud and debris with it .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - A former ferry captain who helped evacuate hundreds of people from Manhattan after the Sept. 11 terror attacks has died .
Thomas Phelan was 45 and had cancer .
Phelan was a Statue of Liberty ferry captain in 2001 . They helped evacuate Lower Manhattan and ferried rescue workers and supplies .
Two years after the attacks they became a firefighter assigned to a marine unit on Staten Island .
Family and friends told the New York Daily News they believe Phelan got cancer from toxic fumes at ground zero .
Scientific evidence linking the attacks to cancer is still unsettled . Researchers studying illnesses among people exposed to the 9/11 dust cloud have found an unusual number of deaths from brain malignancies and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , but fewer deaths than expected from other types of cancer .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It is well known that ordering takeaway food is bad for your waistline but it turns out there are more health problems than just obesity .
Now scientists have found that the simple act of ordering your favourite meal can have a detrimental effect on your wellbeing beyond heart disease .
Late delivery , constantly checking app for progress updates , getting the wrong order , and disappointing quality all lead to a condition known as “ takeaway trauma ” .
Scientists classified the condition as having four stages : fidgety , anxious , irate and lost , the Liverpool Echo reports .
Sufferers experienced increased heart rate and stress levels the longer they waited for the takeaway to arrive .
New takeaway to open on site of controversial pizza and fried chicken restaurant
The experiment by the university 's biomedical sciences department involved participants ordering and waiting for a takeaway pizza while wearing heart rate monitors to measure pulse fluctuations , as well as monitoring stress levels .
Following the initial joy and excitement of placing an order , people enter the fidgety stage around five minutes after . This is characterised by finger-tapping , toe-tapping and starting to check the takeaway 's app for updates on the arrival time .
Around 10 minutes after ordering , anxiety starts to creep in . Checking the app and becoming frustrated when delivery time creeps up are symptoms of this stage .
As stress levels increase further , around 40 minutes after ordering , a lack of clear communication , the tardiness of deliveries , curtain twitching and the driver going the wrong way heightens emotions and results in a state of being visibly irate .
( Image : Getty )
The final stage is one of absolute despondency . Frequently after waiting for a long time – around 50 minutes - the wrong order arriving or the food being of a disappointing quality makes people feel lost .
Dr Martin Khechera , senior lecturer in biomedical science at the University of Wolverhampton , said : “ We 've all seen friends , partners and , if we 're honest , even ourselves get antsy and annoyed during the process of ordering a takeaway . However , it is a surprise to see that the experience has a real impact on stress levels and our heart rate . ”
Behavioural expert Darren Stanton , who analysed the results of the experiment , added : “ People order a takeaway as a treat – a way to reward themselves after a long week at work and to enjoy a relaxing night in with loved ones . This study shows that it can be the opposite of this . ”
( Image : Getty )
The study was carried out in association with Chicago Town pizza products , who have created a support page for “ takeaway trauma . ”
© Dado Ruvic / Reuters
Prosecutors in Germany have found no reason to continue their preliminary inquiry into the NSA 's alleged systematic spying on German citizens , saying that the leaks by Edward Snowden did n't provide good enough evidence of any crime to dig further.The probe was launched in 2013 after Snowden revealed mass surveillance of phone and internet data by the American and British spy agencies in the US and abroad.According to the leaked papers , Germany was among the prime targets of the NSA and GCHQ , with even Chancellor Angela Merkel having their phone tapped.However , the investigation into US surveillance of Merkel was dropped in 2015 due to the claim being `` unprovable in a court of law . `` The `` so-called Snowden documents '' have provided information on the `` techniques and capabilities '' of the US spies , but included `` no solid evidence of actual espionage activities carried out by the NSA in or against Germany , '' they said.The prosecutors stressed that their assessment of the Snowden leaks was shared by other German government agencies , including the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection ( BfV ) and the Federal Office for Security in Information Technology ( BSI ) .Earlier this year , a parliamentary committee presented its own report on alleged NSA spying.During the investigations , Green and Left MPs repeatedly pushed to have Snowden themselves testify before the committee , but the initiative never received backing from larger parties.Despite Merkel famously saying that `` it 's not okay for friends to spy on one another , '' it was revealed in 2015 that Germany itself was keeping tabs on other allied governments.Earlier this year , Der Spiegel claimed that that the German Intelligence Agency ( BND ) had been spying on the White House , the State Department and the US military between 1998 and 2006.At the same time , BND and BfV were also blamed of working closely with the NSA and assisting the Americans in their global surveillance program .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress .
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation 's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama 's health care law this past summer . Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year 's midterms elections are watching .
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown . An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico , Texas and Florida need to be addressed . And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally .
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22 .
A look at the crowded agenda :
___
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump 's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office .
“ I feel very confident we 're going to get this done … at the end of the day we 're going to get this to the president 's desk and he 's going to sign it , ” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-Calif. , said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel .
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $ 1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $ 20 trillion deficit . They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals .
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California , New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes . Repeal of the deduction added up to $ 1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts .
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes , but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $ 10,000 in local property taxes .
And yet it 's still not a done deal .
“ There 's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high , the property tax alone , they will not be able to use the $ 10,000 possible deductions , ” Sen. Tim Scott , R-S.C. , said on NBC 's “ Meet the Press with Chuck Todd ” on Sunday . “ So allowing for income and property taxes , which would cost another $ 100 billion by the way , to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution . And we 're looking at ways to make that happen . ”
Just a few weeks ago , lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent . Now , one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead .
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal . They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap , two-week bill last Thursday .
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending . Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies .
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico , Texas and Florida . The Trump administration requested $ 44 billion last month , an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient . The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $ 100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico 's devastated housing stock and electric grid .
___
CHILDREN 'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children 's Health Insurance Program , known as CHIP , ran out on Oct. 1 , a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children . Some states have relied on unspent funds , while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill .
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that 's about $ 14 billion a year .
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children , with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal .
“ We will not leave here without a DACA fix , ” said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .
These young immigrants , often referred to as Dreamers , face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama .
Republicans say it can wait till next year and should n't bog down the broad budget agreement . However , House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi .
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The amount of electrostatic activity recorded in Greece in June was very high
Greece was hit by over 93,500 lightning bolts last month , it was revealed on Tuesday. , according to the National Observatory of Athens ( NOA ) , Last month , there were 93,580 electrical discharges country-wide , the majority of them being lightning strikes.Among the few areas that escaped the high electrical activity was Karpathos and the western part of Icaria , added the NOA.The most intense activity was seen between June 15 to 19 during the Minoas spell of bad weather , which saw more than 64,000 lighting strikes . In the Nefeli bout of bad weather ( between June 24 to 29 ) , conditions were worse but there was less lightning ( 12,500 ) , mainly in the NW Aegean and SW Peloponnese.The days with the most amount of lightning were June 15 ( 18,818 ) and June 16 ( 16,685 ) . The day with the least amount of activity was June 8 ( eight ) and June 30 ( nine ) .Source : AMNA
A Good Samaritan helped rescue the mayor of south suburban Homewood after they fell through thin ice trying to save their dog from a freezing lake.Mayor Richard Hofeld and their wife were walking their dogs at a nature preserve Sunday when one of the animals ran onto a body of water that had frozen over , village officials said Monday.The dog fell through the ice . As the mayor tried to rescue their pet , they also fell into the icy water , officials said . Hofeld was able to save their dog , but could n't get themselves out.The couple had left their cell phones in the car , so Hofeld 's wife had no way to call for help , the village said.A passing jogger heard the commotion and called 911 , the village said . Homewood firefighters responded to the scene and rescued the mayor . They had been in the water for about 20 minutes , officials said.Hofeld was taken to Advocate South Suburban Hospital in nearby Hazel Crest and held overnight for observation . They were released Monday . `` I 'm doing fine . I 'm grateful for the Good Samaritan who called 911 and the speedy work of the first responders . I am also thankful for all the phone calls with well wishes and people asking how I 'm doing . I 'm fine and ready to get back to work , '' Hofeld said.The mayor also stressed how important it is for people to bring their cell phones on walks , in case of emergencies like this one .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Barry University is pleased to offer an expansive list of undergraduate , graduate and/or doctoral degrees , including : Emergency Management ; Public Administration ; Human Resource Development ; Social Work ; Business Administration ; Information Technology ; Health Services Administration ; Education Leadership ; Anesthesiology ; Curriculum and Instruction ; and more . Be sure to ask us about our six start dates per year with seven-week courses .
If you 're seeking an undergraduate degree , then consider one of the many programs that can be completed in as few as 12 months , depending on transfer credits . Barry University gives credit for experience and knowledge gained outside the classroom , including work experience and community service . Barry offers multiple ways to apply up to 90 credits toward an undergraduate degree , including testing , an Experiential Learning Portfolio ( up to 30 credits ) , licensing , professional certifications and transfer credits .
If you 're seeking a graduate or advanced degree , Barry University is pleased to announce an array of diverse programs designed for working adults seeking a flexible way to attain their degree . The affordable , onsite , online or blended format will give students the flexibility to earn their degree while working . Various discounts on tuition may apply .
Founded in 1940 by the Adrian Dominican Sisters , Barry University offers more than 100 bachelors , master 's and doctoral degree programs . The University enrolls approximately 7,500 students from nearly all 50 states and 80 countries and has more than 65,000 alumni worldwide .
For more information , contact Richard Rudow , JD at rrudow @ barry.edu .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
UK fans can watch the dawn of a new era for IMPACT Wrestling when the pay-per-view Redemption airs online tomorrow .
Titles changed hands , new signings arrived and legends rolled back the years when the U.S. wrestling company held a sizzling show on Sunday .
Anthem Sports and Entertainment has relaunched the brand under an executive committee of Ed Nordholm , Scott D'Amore and Don Callis .
Redemption , held at the Impact Zone in Orlando , Florida and booked by the promotion 's new management team , has received rave reviews .
And it came hot on the heels of WWE 's American rival , formerly known as TNA Wrestling , revealing some huge news for loyal British fans .
( Image : Impact Wrestling )
After weeks of negotiations , IMPACT has announced a new partnership with Spike TV , which is part of the Channel 5 stable .
Its flagship show IMPACT will continue to air every Friday at 11pm on 5Spike in the UK , less than 24 hours after it airs in the States .
5Spike is available to watch on Sky TV channel 160 , Freeview 31 , Freesat 141 and Virgin Media 154 .
However , IMPACT will also now air without delay on the Global Wrestling Network ( GWN ) app - as part of the FREE tier of the app .
This means for the first time UK fans can watch it 'live ' when it airs in the US ( at 1am on Fridays ) or any time after that 'on demand ' .
( Image : © Impact Wrestling )
All IMPACT Wrestling 's pay-per-view and One Night Only events - including Redemption - will now be part of the app 's subscription tier .
Fans can subscribe to the GWN app for $ 7.99 ( under £6 ) and the first month is also FREE .
Subscribers also get more than 1,000 hours of classic content and original programming , from every pay-per-view event in TNA/Impact history to weekly episodes of Xplosion .
IMPACT will make its long-awaited return to these shores with a full live show at Wrestling MediaCon 2018 later this year .
It will host an event at the Bowlers Exhibition Centre in Manchester on September 9 - its first British show since January 2016 .
London 's acclaimed Revolution Pro Wrestling will also present a two-day tournament over the bumper weekend on September 8 and 9 .
There will be guest matches from America 's National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) , Newcastle-based Defiant Wrestling and Hull 's New Generation Wrestling ( NGW ) .
Some of the world 's top wrestling journalists , YouTubers , podcasters and personalities will run live shows , Q & As , plus meet and greets .
Redemption will broadcast on the GWN app on Wednesday , April 25 . You can find out more about the GWN app here
Tickets for IMPACT Wrestling 's live event can be bought as standalone tickets or along with a Wrestling MediaCon ticket .
Tickets for Wrestling MediaCon 2018 are available here
The Bank of England has said that it will keep the £5 polymer note in circulation and issue a new £10 polymer note as planned , despite concerns from activists over traces of animal fats .
It confirmed that an `` extremely small amount '' of tallow was used to produce polymer pellets , which were then used to create the material for the £5 note .
The central bank said it had carefully considered alternative options - like destroying , reprinting and delaying the issue of the £10 note - but said it would be costly and compromise new anti-counterfeit measures .
`` Weighing the considerations below , the Bank has now concluded that it would be appropriate to keep the £5 polymer note in circulation and to issue the £10 polymer note as planned , in September . ''
Fury among vegetarians and vegans erupted following confirmation by the Bank that the notes contained tallow back in November .
More than 134,000 people have signed a petition against its use , with activists advocating for a more suitable alternative .
However , the Bank said it has held off signing supply contracts for the £20 polymer note , which is due to be released in 2020 , in order to weigh plant-based substitutes like coconut oil or palm oil .
It is launching a public consultation and will make a final decision on how £20 notes - and future runs of the £5 and £10 notes - will be manufactured by summer 2017 .
It 's a warm Wednesday evening at Glenside and Broad , and the parking lot outside of Mission BBQ is filling fast with leather jackets , helmets and hot bikes .
During the summer , when the weather is good , motorcyclists converge on this commercial area nearly every Wednesday night , transforming it into a watering hole for kindred spirits .
“ You can find these types of gatherings all around the country on any given night , ” says Matt Danielson , a Richmond attorney , peeling themselves off a big Harley-Davidson motorcycle . “ It gives motorcyclists the chance to get together , look at each other 's bikes and swap war stories . It gives you an excuse to ride somewhere . ”
Danielson is a lobbyist for the Virginia Coalition of Motorcyclists , which represents the interests of bikers at the General Assembly .
Motorcycle culture in the Richmond area defies stereotypes , they say . “ I think the mistake that a lot of people make is that they try to pin that a biker is this or a biker is that . They might be a banker , a mechanic , a lawyer , a doctor , black , white , straight , gay ... Bikers are as diverse as people are . ”
Over the past decade , the number of Virginians who hold endorsements required to ride a motorcycle has soared 37 percent , from 304,916 in 2007 to 419,229 in 2017 , according to Department of Motor Vehicles statistics . During the same period , the number of registered motorcycles has climbed by nearly 45,000 , from 166,806 to 211,620 . The trend contrasts with a drop in bike sales nationally . Motorcycles are not the rage that they once were — not by a long shot — when baby boomers were among the biggest customers . U.S. sales declined about 2.1 percent in 2016 , after five years of increases . In 2015 , more than 500,000 motorcycles were sold , according to the Motorcycle Industry Council and other sources . Compare that with the boom years of 2004 and 2005 , when more than 1 million motorcycles were sold .
Despite the decline , at least one segment of the country 's riding population is on the rise . According to the online magazine Women Riders Now , the number of motorcycles owned by women increased 50 percent during the past decade , making up 14 percent of the total .
Laurie “ Jazze ” Alston , president of the Buffalo Soldiers Motorcycle Club of Richmond , VA , likes to watch people 's faces when they park their 800-pound Harley-Davidson , takes off their helmet and they realize she 's a woman . Most people , they say , immediately give them a “ thumbs up , ” to express their approval .
“ A woman can handle a motorcycle as well as a man , ” says Alston , a 52-year-old business systems specialist at Dominion Energy who has been riding for more than a decade . “ I ride a motorcycle because I love to be outdoors , ” they say . “ I love how the wind feels against my skin . ”
× 1 of 3 Expand Joe Clark ( left ) shares a laugh with William Hembrick at Mission BBQ . × 2 of 3 Expand Outside Mission BBQ , Greg Castleberry ( right ) a rider for 48 years , talks with Butch Vaughan beside their 23rd bike . × 3 of 3 Expand Scott Takahashi ( right ) , who started the Wednesday meetups at Mission BBQ , talks with Phillip Moo ( left ) and Paul Nolte . Prev Next
The Outlaw Image
For many older Americans , the image of hard-drinking , hard-living motorcycle riders was planted in their memory by actor Marlon Brando in the 1953 movie , “ The Wild One , ” in which two rival motorcycle gangs terrorize a small town . Modern motorcycle riders say that even now , the image is hard to shake .
Alston says they had a lot of explaining to do to their parents when they started riding with the Buffalo Soldiers , named after African-American troops that served in the post-Civil War U.S. Army , largely in the Western states .
“ They said , ‘ You 're in a gang , ' ” Alston recalls with a laugh .
“ I think a lot of people do n't understand it , ” says Luther Atkinson of Richmond , a 58-year-old network administer for a local firm who started riding in 2006 . “ When they think motorcycles , they think Hell 's Angels and hell raising ... That 's not the way it is , once you get to know us . ”
Sometimes , even the police are riders .
Sgt . Chuck Kain , 39 , a motorcycle officer with the Virginia State Police , surveyed the growing crowd of bikers at Mission BBQ recently as an interested observer and a participant .
“ I 've wanted to ride my whole life , ” Kain says .
Besides keeping the law on byways and interstates , Kain says motorcycle officers , whether they 're state troopers or local police , also do a lot of community service .
“ You 're more approachable . People want to come and talk to you about the motorcycle , ” Kain says . “ They have an understanding of what we have to go through . ”
They acknowledge that riding a motorcycle adds another element of danger to police work , but Kain says it is a voluntary assignment that has its own perks : freedom of the road , being part of a close-knit team and having an impressive motorcycle — a high-performance Harley-Davidson Electra Glide — as standard equipment .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham captain Hugo Lloris says they “ understands ” Danny Rose 's frustrations - and they insist they will be welcomed back into the squad .
Lloris claims Tottenham 's players could easily have been affected by Rose 's outburst about the club 's pay structure and lack of top quality signings .
But Tottenham keeper Lloris suggested Rose 's annoyance comes from their long injury lay-off and the Spurs squad have stuck together to ensure they mount another title challenge .
Lloris said : “ Danny is part of the team and we understand their frustrations . It has been six or seven months they have been out of the team with an injury .
“ The team is quiet about it . Danny made a mistake , they apologised and we move on . That 's it . The team was never affected by it as we were focused on our first Premier League game .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ We know from outside if you start to listen , inside the squad , you can be affected but we stick together and must be focused and have the same ambition .
“ We stayed calm . We are still in touch with Danny and there is no problem . If people from outside want to make trouble it does not affect us . We are a good squad , very clean with good minds and sometimes you can do mistakes .
“ The thing is not to repeat them . The most important thing is that the leaders of this team are not affected and we are moving on and we showed it . The commitment inside the squad is great . ”
France No.1 Lloris is one of the Tottenham players most affected by the strict pay structure as they know they could earn at least double elsewhere .
( Image : Tottenham Hotspur FC )
They will do well to keep their big stars like Harry Kane and Dele Alli whose basic wages are below £100,000-a-week while the Manchester clubs would pay THREE times that .
However , it is clear that Lloris is focused on Tottenham having another good season despite the lack of new signings and also the added headache of playing their home games at Wembley .
Tottenham have struggled badly at Wembley , their results are poor and they face Chelsea on Sunday despite having lost at the same stadium in the FA Cup final .
But Lloris insists they will be ready to face the defending champions and they warned Chelsea will overcome their problems despite their nightmare start .
( Image : Alex Livesey )
Lloris added : “ It will be a big game . A massive game . I think we need to get it in the right way . To start our first official game at Wembley against Chelsea , the champions , it is a great challenge for us and we will try to do our best and challenge this team and get the best result as possible .
“ I think our record there belongs to the past . We have had a few bad performances in the Champions League against Monaco , Bayer Leverkusen . But it was like an experience . We had some great performances there even if the result was not the best like in the Europa League .
“ And against Chelsea , even though we lost in the semi-final , we was a case against Juventus one of the best teams in Europe . Step-by-step , we need to build real confidence .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ At Wembley , we must create an atmosphere with the fans and try and be connected . It is up to us . We are the actors . We have to try and put intensity in our performances . In our running . In our movement . We have to create something at Wembley .
“ To be honest we are not looking at the other teams . We are focused on our team . They have so much talent in their squad . They can miss one or two players and they have the talent to replace them .
“ The important thing is to work hard all week and be ready for a big fight and a big game . It is a good opportunity already for the second game of the Premier League . ”
One of the principal reasons that the country feels tired and directionless is that the BJP has governed in the same manner as the Congress did between 2004 and 2014 .
On Saturday , a headline in this newspaper caught my attention . Inaugurating the 84th plenary session of the India Congress Committee , its president Rahul Gandhi said India was feeling tired and directionless . They added that only the Congress party could take it forward . They were right on the diagnosis and wrong on the prescription . One of the principal reasons that the country feels tired and directionless is that the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) has governed in the same manner as the Congress did between 2004 and 2014 . That is why there is a sense of déjà vu about the feeling of tiredness and lack of direction . Both major political parties have failed to rise to meet India 's aspirations . There is no sign that the Congress party has learnt the right lessons from its reign .
The resolution on agriculture , employment and poverty alleviation moved at the plenary session suggests that the party has learnt nothing from its mismanagement of the economy for a decade from 2004 , and particularly after 2009 . So , while it is true that the BJP did not remove the feeling of fatigue and lack of direction from 2014 , the Congress is ready to pick up from where it left off in 2014 so that the nation collapses from fatigue and lack of direction . India should be worried .
The current government has not been imaginative enough to reverse some of its predecessor 's policies and has compounded them with its obsession with economic morality . The recent decision to scrutinize all advances above Rs50 crore and the complicated ban on promoters and related parties from bidding for auctioned assets under the insolvency procedure are but two recent examples . The government is either ignorant of , or indifferent to , the operation of the law of unintended consequences . Uncertainty looms large over India 's economic growth outcomes notwithstanding the fact that the ink on upward revisions to economic growth forecasts for India has barely dried .
Both parties have denied India the “ right to economic growth ” . The success of the unconditional cash transfer project launched in Madhya Pradesh in 2010 was a reminder of what Indians could do with the right to economic growth .
Given cash without strings , the poor figured out how to spend it . Nutrition levels went up . Choice of food improved . They invested in sanitation , better cooking and lighting energy sources , and enrolled their girls in schools . These were covered by the media and the discussion that followed was on predictable lines . The elite argued for the state to stay with non-cash support that had been abused systematically for decades while the pro-market commentators hailed the success of the pilot . The latter are right , but also wrong for another reason . The issue is not one of choice between conditional and unconditional cash transfers or between cash transfers and non-cash welfare benefits to citizens . An unconditional cash transfer raised their income . It empowered them with choices and they chose well . The experiment highlights the potential of higher incomes to transform people 's lives . Higher income is a consequence of economic growth .
It was in 2002 that David Dollar and Aart Kraay wrote a paper with the catchy title , Growth Is Good For The Poor . It was published in the Journal Of Economic Growth . They showed that average incomes of the poorest quintile rose proportionately with average incomes in a sample of 92 countries spanning four decades . Countries lined up neatly along the positively sloped 45-degree line . Gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth has often been derided as an inadequate , imperfect and even flawed measure of economic well-being . Gross national happiness may be more interesting for nations that do not need economic growth as much as they used to . For the rest , economic growth still matters for both economic and social well-being .
Recognizing unequal distribution of incomes is an important social and economic problem of the 21st century . Two years ago , Charles Jones and Peter Klenow created an index of economic welfare that included income inequality , leisure and mortality measures . They then checked the correlation of their index with economic growth . Again , the result was similar to what David Dollar had obtained . Economic growth results in improvement to the welfare index . More recently , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) expanded the index to include environmental sustainability factors . The results have been published in a new paper ( Welfare Vs Income Convergence And Environmental Externalities ) . Economic growth is positively related to improvements in the new enhanced and expanded welfare index . The message is that economic growth is the best redistributive policy possible . It is also the best morality play in town .
India 's prime ministers , barring Rajiv Gandhi , P.V . Narasimha Rao and Atal Bihari Vajpayee for brief periods , had not accorded priority to economic growth . Manmohan Singh happened to be the prime minister when the Indian economy grew strongly . As India approaches an election year , leaders of the two national parties owe it to the country to reflect on their economic performance and place before the public the policy lessons they draw from such an exercise for wider debate . Going by the resolutions adopted at the Congress ' plenary session , Rahul Gandhi 's prescription for the problem they have diagnosed is to perpetuate it . They should do better . On their part , Narendra Modi must reflect on why Rahul Gandhi 's diagnosis feels right , even to Modi 's well-wishers .
V. Anantha Nageswaran is an independent consultant based in Singapore . They blog regularly at Thegoldstandardsite.wordpress.com . Read Anantha 's Mint columns at www.livemint.com/baretalk
Comments are welcome at baretalk @ livemint.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A monster jailed for sex attacks on a schoolgirl over 30 years ago has failed to get their sentence slashed .
Simon Mortimer , 50 , of Huntingdon , was locked up for seven years at Chelmsford Crown Court in February after jurors convicted them of two attempted rapes .
They also pleaded guilty to other counts of indecent assault .
Mortimer preyed on their victim in the early 1980s - when they were 16 and around twice their age - London 's Appeal Court heard .
They molested them using the cover of children 's role-playing games , said Judge Michael Topolski QC .
And to ensure their victim 's silence they told them they would be packed off to a children 's home if they spilled the beans .
The impact on them was “ devastating ” , blighting their youth and adult life and triggering multiple suicide bids .
But the court heard Mortimer had lived an “ otherwise blameless life ” .
Mortimer challenged the severity of their sentence today .
They claimed the total seven-year term was too harsh given their otherwise good character .
Judge Topolski , sitting with Lord Justice Hamblen and Mrs Justice McGowan , said it was clear Mortimer was “ wracked by remorse ” .
“ We take account of their real and genuine remorse and of the dreadfully slow pace of the police investigation , ” they added .
But they noted that the seven-year term was already “ below the sentence that might have been imposed ” .
“ For these reasons we regret that this application must be refused , ” the appeal judge concluded . ''
Mortimer had long been under the shadow of the police investigation , which dragged on for over three years before their trial .
“ The delays in the police investigation were characterised as an abomination by the trial judge , ” said Judge Topolski .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
As many as 579 illegal migrants were held across Turkey on Friday . According to the Anadolu Agency , seven Pakistanis were also among the undocumented migrants apprehended by the authorities in the northeastern Artvin province .
The migrants , who had entered Turkey from Iran using illegal means , wanted to go to Istanbul and Ankara , but were held at the Artvin bus station .
According to police sources , 234 migrants out of the total were rounded up in Dikili and Menderes districts of the western Izmir province .
While 35 Syrians and one Afghan national were held by the Gendarme forces in an old hut in the Dikili district , 32 Syrians and South Africans were arrested in the Menderes district of Izmir .
Another 36 undocumented migrants in Dikili were later taken into custody during a road check , followed by 25 Syrians in Menderes , who were found abandoned in a minibus .
Furthermore , 49 migrants including women and children were held after coastguards stopped a ferry on its way to the Greek islands in Menderes . 6 Syrians , 33 Angolans , 7 Togolese and 3 Senegalese were taken into custody from the boat .
While the coast guard units also caught 56 Syrian nationals in a dinghy en route to the Greek islands , 99 undocumented migrants – mainly from Afghanistan – along with their organisers were held in another operation in the Saztepe village of eastern Erzincan province .
Separately in the northwestern province of Edirne , 198 undocumented migrants were taken into custody during operations in the Bosnakoy , Meric , Ipsala and Lalapasa districts .
The migrants including Pakistanis , Palestinians , Moroccans , Syrians , Algerians and Bangladeshis were later transferred to the migration management authorities .
Footwear companies need a wide-ranging portfolio of running shoes . Some , for instance , are designed for a more secure and tight fit , some for those who prefer a wider toe area , while others may focus on better heel support or enhanced stability . But what if one shoe could fit pretty much every requirement ?
Puma seems to have managed just this with the Ignite Netfit shoe .
The Ignite Netfit has an evoKNIT upper which has a sock-like fit . The shoe upper is completely covered in a netted mesh , which means that unlike most other footwear , this does n't have predefined lacing eyelets and the entire mesh can be used to thread the laces around .
This is where the magic lies . For starters , you can try five lacing options . “ Standard lacing ” will be ideal for most runners . Then there is “ Stability lacing ” , for more support around the medial arch—some runners also use insoles which are designed to provide the same support . For those with wide feet , there is “ Wide Foot lacing ” , which allows for greater breathability while retaining a customized snug fit . Runners at the other end of the spectrum will be able to take advantage of the “ Narrow Foot lacing ” , which adjusts the fit to the feet 's contours . Finally , there is the “ Heel Support lacing ” , which enables a tight fit around the heel area for extra support . You can pretty much customize the lacing technique further .
In terms of comfort , the evoKNIT upper adjusts easily to the foot and offers great ventilation too . It looks a lot like the upper on the Nike 's LunarEpic Low Flyknit 2 ( Rs13,295 ; Store.nike.com/in ) . The only shortcoming is that if dirt gets in between the mesh and the upper , it takes some effort to dislodge .
Sitting under your foot is the dual-layer midsole that uses Puma 's proprietary Ignite PU foam , which offers a certain level of bounce-back feel while running . This sort of rebound response makes for a more assured running experience .
The Ignite Netfit has a 12mm heel-to-toe drop , slightly more than the 10mm offset on the Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 34 ( Rs9,995 ; Store.nike.com/in ) and the 8mm offset in the adidas PureBoost DPR ( Rs14,999 ; Shop.adidas.co.in ) . While there is no impact on running performance , the offset drop depends on whether the runner prefers flat-foot positioning or not .
The outsole has additional inserts in the forefoot area for better “ toe-off ” movement as you start a run or change direction . The outsole takes advantage of EverTrack+ , a blown rubber compound , which is essentially air-injected rubber that is lighter , softer and more flexible than traditional rubber .
All in all , the Ignite Netfit offers excellent grip across a variety of surfaces .
But it is by no means a plain-Jane running shoe . The design is attractive , the black , blue and white colour options look fantastic and will get the attention of people around you , whether you wear it to the gym , the mall or for a day out with the family .
The Puma Ignite Netfit is , in fact , as perfect a running shoe as you can buy right now .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
BAD OEYNHAUSEN , Germany — February 1 , 2017 — At Index™ 17 , Gnuess will show its technologies for fiber waste reprocessing .
The Gneuss Processing Unit ( GPU ) has been available for several years now and has proven itself on the reprocessing of bulky PET waste such as post-consumer bottle flake and industrial waste from fibre and film manufacture . This Gneuss Processing Unit consists of the Gneuss MRS extruder with its unmatched devolatilisation and decontamination performance together with the highly-efficient Gneuss Rotary Disc melt filtration systems and the Gneuss Online Viscometer for intelligent dynamic viscosity control , monitoring and logging .
Additionally to MRS design optimization since the last year , Gneuss has developed the new JUMP system . This is installed directly downstream of the Gneuss Processing Unit and thanks to its ingenious process ensures an accurate and controllable IV boost of the PET in the melt phase . The Jump system is a compact , quick and efficient alternative to conventional SSP ( solid state ) systems and enables direct reintroduction of the polymer into the production process without the need to remelt the PET .
With the Gneuss industrial waste concept , industrial waste is first fed through a shredder or a knife mill until the size is reduced so that it can be fed into the extruder . This can mean either compaction of the size reduced waste or a crammer feeder fitted directly to the extruder .
The first important processing stage : melt decontamination takes place in the extruder . With its enormous devolatilisation capacity , the MRS extruder can process PET waste with high residual moisture levels and/or contamination ( such as spin finish oils ) without the need for any pre-treatment of the waste . In the Multi Rotation ( MRS ) section of the extruder a huge polymer surface area and extremely rapid surface exchange rate under vacuum ensure that all these volatile contaminants are reliably extracted . Solid contamination is extracted with the fully-automatic and process-constant Gneuss Rotary Melt Filtration System . With filtration finenesses of down to 20 µm and below , a pure and particle – free polymer melt is guaranteed .
During the second important stage of the process , the purified and homogenised polymer is fed by means of a melt pump into the JUMP . Here , too a large surface area of the polymer melt and optimum residence time of the polymer under vacuum are decisive factors . Subsequently , the purified and homogenised polymer is fed by means of a melt pump into the Jump , where the second important stage of the process takes place . Here , too a large surface area of the polymer melt and optimum residence time of the polymer under vacuum are decisive factors . The polymer melt is kept under vacuum as it passes over slowly rotating elements . Through control of the residence time and the speed of the rotating elements , controlled polycondensation takes place whereby controlled IV boosting takes place of typically 0,02 to maximum 0,3 dl/g . The design of the JUMP system avoids the ingress of oxygen so that the yellowing effect encountered during the recycling of PET is reduced to an absolute minimum . After the PET melt has passed through a stilling chamber in the JUMP system , the polymer is pumped directly into the production process ( for example direct extrusion spinning , strapping ) or to a pelletising ( chip cutting ) system . With the complete system consisting of the Gneuss Processing Unit with the MRS Extruder and a JUMP system , industrial waste can be quickly and efficiently reprocessed in one processing step to a high quality polymer melt which can be directly processed to a finished product .
Revision of process and pressure constant Rotary Filtration Systems for the widest range of different applications
Both the RSFgenius and the SFXmagnus ranges have been completely revised during 2016 . Modifications to the screen changer housings permit operation on a wider range of applications at higher pressures , whilst offering enlarged active filtration areas . Components and modules have been commonised between the two ranges in order to offer even more attractive value for money and shorter delivery lead times .
The patented RSFgenius Filtration Systems operate fully-automatically , process and pressure-constant and with a back-flushing system with unmatched efficiency . They are therefore especially suitable for demanding applications with high quality requirements .
The SFXmagnus range of automatic screen changers is characterised by an extremely large active area in a compact unit . This range of screen changers is available with or without an integrated back-flushing piston depending on the exact requirements of the process .
New for PVC processing is the SFpvc R , a further development of the SFpvc . Both models are designed specifically for challenging PVC recycling applications but the new SFpvc R offers for the first time an integrated self-cleaning ( back flushing ) system whilst maintaining absolute process-constant operation .
Highest quality , short delivery times : even for individual , tailor-made sensors
Gneuss offers individually tailor- made melt pressure and melt temperature sensors even outside of the typical market standards . As a machinery manufacturer , Gneuss has the manufacturing capabilities to realise even unusual sensor requirements . The lean manufacturing structure at Gneuss makes this possible with the shortest delivery times . Gneuss sensors are available to match regional or application — specific requirements such as Atex , Hart Communication or EAC .
The new DAIL melt pressure transducer range from Gneuss is a special addition to the range , specifically for pressure overload protection . Whether as an economic single sensor system for standard applications or a complete system solution for explosion hazard environments , Gneuss has a pressure monitoring system for every application .
Posted February 14 , 2017
Source : Gnuess
Advertisement Advertise here
SANTA CLARA , Calif. — With their game still in doubt , Seattle coach Pete Carroll made what they described as an uncomfortable decision . With the chance of a first-round bye all but gone with Atlanta holding a comfortable lead , Carroll pulled quarterback Russell Wilson and other key players to keep them fresh for next week 's playoff game .
Wilson threw for 258 yards and a touchdown before being replaced in the fourth quarter and the Seahawks rallied from an early 11-point deficit to beat San Francisco 25-23 on Sunday in what could be coach Chip Kelly 's final game with the 49ers .
`` I hate backing off any time ever , '' Carroll said . `` I ca n't remember doing it very many times . I just thought we were able to do something to protect ourselves for next week . I did not want to be planning for that . It just kind of happened and it just seemed like we ( were ) able to do something to help , and it worked out fine . ''
The Falcons wrapped up a bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans , sending the NFC West champion Seahawks ( 10-5-1 ) to the playoffs as the third seed . The Seahawks will host the loser of Sunday night 's game between Detroit and Green Bay next week .
JAKARTA : Indonesians cast ballots on Wednesday in a bitterly fought election to govern the capital , Jakarta , that has inflamed religious tensions in the Muslim-majority nation and been tied to power struggles ahead of presidential elections in 2019 .
The job of the governor can be a springboard to the presidency and weeks of campaigning have been overshadowed by mudslinging , political intrigue and rising religious sentiment , raising questions about the role of religion in politics .
Indonesia has the world 's largest Muslim population but is officially secular and home to minority Christian and Hindu communities , as well as hundreds of ethnic groups .
“ I do hope that there will be no more related political and religious tensions after this election , ” said Hanida Syafriani , a resident of East Jakarta who was supporting the Christian , ethnic Chinese incumbent , Basuki Tjahaja Purnama .
Voting in the capital , alongside scores of other regional polls in the world 's third-largest democracy , were peaceful and mostly running without hitches , police said .
Police deployed 75,000 personnel across Indonesia with 16,000 in Jakarta , concerned groups may again take to the streets to oppose Purnama . Protests rocked Jakarta during the campaign , attracting hundreds of thousands .
Purnama , or Ahok as they are commonly known , is running against two Muslim candidates and the vote is widely expected to go to a second round . They have been campaigning while on trial on a charge of insulting the Quran , a case that has brought Muslims onto the streets , urging voters to shun a non-Muslim as a leader .
They deny the charge and their support has rebounded to lead many opinion polls , which analysts attribute to their record of improving the bureaucracy and easing congestion and flooding .
“ Some of my Muslim friends do believe they blasphemed and wo n't vote for a non-Muslim , the case has created differences among us , ” said Deny S. Pamudji , 57 , an ethnic Chinese voter , who spoke outside a polling station just before Purnama cast their ballot .
Purnama 's rivals are Agus Yudhoyono , a son of former president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , and former education minister Anies Baswedan . Purnama was a deputy to President Joko Widodo when they were the previous Jakarta governor and Widodo 's party is backing him .
Baswedan is backed by a former general who Widodo beat in the last presidential election in 2014 , Prabowo Subianto , who is promising a comeback to the national stage . “ We hope that everybody can return as a family after these elections , ” President Widodo said after voting in Jakarta .
INK-STAINED FINGERS
Many of the 7.1 million residents eligible to vote posted photos on social media sites like Twitter and Instagram , displaying ink-stained fingers to show they had cast ballots .
Indra Pramono , 40 , a Jakarta resident who was backing Baswedan hoped the election could be wrapped up in one round . “ Ahok did good actually , but I 'm voting for someone with the same faith as me . That 's the main reason . ”
The competition has been particularly bitter between Purnama 's camp and that of Yudhoyono . Former president Yudhoyono said on Twitter on Tuesday that various figures were trying to sabotage their son 's chances .
In all , 101 regional elections are being held in the world 's third-most populous democracy , for provincial , city and district chiefs . Polling stations will close at 0600 GMT . Quick counts , expected shortly after , are tallies of votes by private polling firms at a sample of voting booths across the city .
The General Elections Commission is expected to announce official results after about two weeks . If no candidate achieves a majority in the first round in any provincial vote , including Jakarta , a runoff is expected between the two candidates securing the most votes .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The country is taking a hit today after a weekend of freezing weather , blustery winds , ice , snow and sleet .
And such glacial temperatures have led to school closures , power cuts and cancelled flights - with absolute chaos for millions of people .
But what about those of us that work outdoors ? The risks are high today , and your boss has a responsibility to protect you .
These are your rights .
Personal Protective Equipment at Work Act 1992
The Personal Protective Equipment at Work Regulations 1992 say that protective equipment must be supplied free , fit for purpose and properly maintained .
Employers must also give training in its correct use , and a 2002 update to the regulations say the equipment must be appropriately CE-marked .
Employers must then asses whether the equipment fits properly , is cross-compatible and actually decreases overall risk .
For example , ear muffs and balaclavas may keep workers warm in the snow , but if they ca n't hear or see road rollers coming , the protection has n't done its job .
According to the law , your employers must
Ensure any protective equipment is appropriate
Provide mobile facilities for warming up , and encourage hot drinks such as soup or hot chocolate
Introduce more frequent rest breaks
Delay the work until a warmer time of the year , so long as that does n't compromise safety
Educate workers about the early symptoms of cold stress
Signs and symptoms to watch out for
( Image : Getty )
Cold stress covers conditions ranging in seriousness , and includes chilblains , frostbite and hypothermia . If yo uspot any of these symptoms , talk to your employer or a GP as soon as possible .
Chilblains
Chilblains are permanent damage to the capillary beds from repeated exposure to cold .
Symptoms : Cheeks , ears , fingers and toes are typically at risk , and symptoms include redness and itching .
Treatment : If you 're affected , gently warm the skin ( not close to strong heat ) and avoid scratching . Use anti-inflammatory cream to reduce the itch .
Frostbite
Frostbite occurs if your skin reaches minus one degree centigrade , which it can in higher air temperatures if you 're handling frozen foods , metal , or are wet .
Symptoms : It commonly affects the nose , ears , fingers and toes , and symptoms include numbness and paleness .
Treatment : Warm any sufferer gently indoors . Do not put them close to a fire or heater , as that can make the damage worse .
Hypothermia
Hypothermia is very serious , and occurs when body temperature falls too low . Early symptoms include fatigue , shivering , loss of coordination and confusion .
Symptoms : More severe symptoms see the shivering stop , with blue skin , dilated pupils , slow pulse /breathing and then unconsciousness .
Treatment : Victims must be taken somewhere warm and dry , have wet clothing removed , and be warmed from the central body first – chest , neck , head and groin . Warm drinks are fine , make sure you call an ambulance .
ALASTAIR Cook admits England were `` curious '' of Australia possibly ball tampering in the recent Ashes series .
Steve Smith , David Warner and Cameron Bancroft have been handed bans by Cricket Australia after they came up with a plot to use sandpaper on the ball in their third Test with South Africa last month .
Although they all claimed that was their first instance of ball-tampering , focus has now been put on the Ashes , with TV footage since emerging of Bancroft putting sugar in their pocket while Australia 's consistent ability to get reverse swing had England 's bowlers scratching their heads .
Cook , who was part of the side that lost the five-match series 4-0 , has admitted that could have been down to the express pace of the Australian attack , but also raised questions of the third Test in Perth .
Asked whether England suspected Australia of ball tampering during the Ashes , the former Test captain replied : `` Yes a little bit , certainly in Perth when the outfield was wet with rain they got the ball reversing .
`` I did n't see anything . We have been pretty good at managing the ball to see if we can get it to reverse swing but then there 's the thing with the quicker you bowl the ball it reverses swings more .
`` That was the thing in 2005 , we had Simon Jones and Freddie ( Andrew Flintoff ) who were quicker than the Australian bowlers .
`` We have to be very careful , we were curious at certain moments but then we could n't get the ball up to 90mph where they consistently could . ''
Although the three Australians ' actions in Cape Town were deplored , some sympathy has been given to the length of the sanctions , with Smith and Warner both receiving year-long suspensions .
But Cook says that should be a timely reminder for the game to be played in the right way .
`` It 's not for me to comment on punishment , but the whole thing is a reminder that people want to see , '' they said .
`` It 's the same with cycling , that whoever is playing that people play in a fair way . If you try your hardest and there 's no external things that you win or lose that way .
Steve Smith got hit with a 12-month ban for their indiscretion .
`` It 's amazing the public outcry for that .
`` Sometimes with the pressure of playing , and it is so important to you and it 's your livelihood , sometimes winning or losing can overtake things .
`` It 's wrong for everyone to sit in the cold light of day and criticise because people do make mistakes .
`` There have been stories that I 've heard in the past that have been hearsay that people have done things .
`` ( Shahid ) Afridi bit the ball , that 's not ideal . There has been incidents and we have known it 's gone on but it 's the predetermined thing of it was the bit that caught everyone out . ''
The Challenges Of Regulating Autonomous Weapons , capable of operating independent of human control , are being developed by several countries around the world . NPR 's Kelly McEvers talks with Paul Scharre of the Center for a New American Security about this new military technology and the challenges of regulating it .
The Challenges Of Regulating Autonomous Weapons National Security The Challenges Of Regulating Autonomous Weapons The Challenges Of Regulating Autonomous Weapons Audio will be available later today . Autonomous weapons , capable of operating independent of human control , are being developed by several countries around the world . NPR 's Kelly McEvers talks with Paul Scharre of the Center for a New American Security about this new military technology and the challenges of regulating it . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
From all the way in Chelmsford , Massachusetts , the Peck and Bishop Family wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year . They are pictured with the family 's favorite publications , The Pinecrest Tribune and The Palmetto Bay News . Thanks for taking us along !
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
Arsenal completed their Europa League group stage campaign in style with a 6-0 thrashing of Bate Borisov on Thursday evening .
The Gunners had already secured top spot in Group H before their final match but now know exactly who they could potential be paired up against in the draw for the first knockout stage .
This is where Champions League dropouts enter the competition , so the Gunners could find themselves facing a tough draw .
Four of the eight third-placed Champions League finishers will be seeded for the last-32 draw which takes place on Monday and these seeds will face either a Europa League group runner-up or unseeded Champions League dropout .
Arsenal know they will not face one of these seeded sides , so will avoid Atletico Madrid , CSKA Moscow , RB Leipzig and Sporting Lisbon .
However , they could face Borussia Dortmund , Celtic , Napoli or Spartak Moscow .
Samson the dwarf miniature horse carries themselves with all the pride and class that one would expect of an equine three-times their size . Standing about two-feet tall and weighing in at 150 pounds , they slowly pace around their James Island home , stepping out of their custom-built stable to greet anyone who might be passing by . With a shock of white hair crowning their head , Samson has a quiet , yet confident disposition , always prepared to take a snack from the hand of anyone generous enough to offer .
Miniature horses such as Samson , also known as Sam to their friends , first became commonplace in the royal courts of Europe , according to the International Museum of the Horse . Bred from `` regular-sized '' horses for nobility in the 1600s , miniature horses eventually made their way to America and were used to pull carts within the cramped confines of coal mines . Fortunately , these pint-sized equines were replaced by mechanical equipment , freeing them up to become pets for the special few who see the benefit of a horse you can easily transport in your mini-van .
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
Sue Brikmier , Samson 's owner , remembers holding them in their arms shortly after they were born . As a young girl , Brikmier had always liked horses and remembers begging their father for a pony of their own . As they grew up , Brikmier 's desire to own a horse faded — at least until they met Samson .
`` He 's the perfect size for my yard , '' Brikmier says as they pat Samson on their back . `` He 's not for anything but loving . ''
Miniature horses affected by dwarfism can live up to 50 years , surviving about one-third longer than large horses . Nearing their 10th birthday , Samson is roughly equivalent to 35 years of age in human years , according to the Guide Horse Foundation . Realizing the longevity of their pet of choice , Brikmier jokes that she 'll have to put Samson in their will depending on how long he 's able to romp around them backyard .
With short legs and a wide belly that pokes out on the sides , Samson eats Raisin Bran and food pellets . Although he 's not a fan of carrots , Samson wo n't pass up the occasional sweet or peppermint . On Halloween , Samson will walk up the street and snack on candy collected by kids in the neighborhood . He 's also likely to climb up into Brikmier 's lap if they let him .
`` He does n't do a lot of horse things , '' Brikmier says of Samson , as their two small dogs , Sadie and Yoda , frantically race around the yard and bark at anything they might perceive as a threat .
When it comes time for Samson to stretch their legs and see the sites around the neighborhood , Brikmier simply straps on a dog leash and strolls them around the block . While there are n't any definite plans to find another miniature companion for Samson , Brikmier already has the perfect name picked out for a female counterpart : Delilah .
`` He 's not timid , '' Brikmier says , their yard full of sunflowers and `` Horse Crossing '' signs , the front door bearing a life-sized decal of Samson . `` He does n't know whether he 's a horse , a dog , or a person . ''
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used . By continuing to use this website , you consent to our cookie collection . More information about how we collect cookies is found here .
Published on Oct 6 2017 4:02 PM in Technology tagged : Trending Posts / Retail Excellence Ireland / Grant Thornton / General Data Protection Regulations / Data Protection Commissioner
Retail Excellence and Grant Thornton have launched a General Data Protection Regulations ( GDPR ) manual for retailers .
The Data Protection Commissioner has approved the publication and its content for circulation to the 1,750 members of the organisation .
The manual will guide retailers on the impending GDPR which is due to come into effect next May .
GDPR means that any company processing personal data will be required to comply with the provisions of the Regulations
“ This new development on the legislative landscape changes the way everyone deals with data . '' Lorraine Higgins , deputy CEO of Retail Excellence said .
`` Our member retailers deal with data on a daily basis with their ezines , loyalty schemes and employee information thus it is of huge importance to us that we have them prepared so as to ensure they are fully compliant and insulate them from prosecution ” .
Mike Harris , cybersecurity partner , Grant Thornton said : “ The new GDPR regulations could have serious implications for non-compliant retailers . ''
Failure to comply to the new regime could lead to retailers facing fines of up to €20 million .
© 2017 - Checkout Magazine by Donna Ahern
Sgt . Nikolas Bruce ( left ) , chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear reconnaissance fireteam leader with Combat Logistics Regiment 45 , 4th Marine Logistics Group , Marine Forces Reserve is subjected to a simulated decontamination process during an assessment and consequence management team training exercise at Marine Corps Support Facility New Orleans , Feb. 8 , 2017 . During the exercise Marines received reports of a clandestine chemical laboratory . The Marines conducted area reconnaissance , sample collection and classification of unknown present substances . ( Unites States Marine Corps photo by Sgt . Ian Ferro/Published )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.08.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 18:36 Photo ID : 3165355 VIRIN : 170214-M-TI204-018 Resolution : 5760x3840 Size : 3.47 MB Location : NEW ORLEANS , LA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Chemical , Biological , Radiological and Nuclear Marines Participate Advanced Training [ Image 1 of 10 ] , by Sgt Ian Ferro , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
© David Wadams
© David Wadams
A stinking , rotting dead whale found near Coromandel Peninsula 's Tairua beach on December 9 was heading for shore.David Wadams , who has had a holiday home in Tairua for the past 27 years , said they spotted the whale from the beach about 7:30am , when they went to see if conditions were suitable for fishing . `` I could see a large , dark object bobbing up and down in the waves about no more than five to seven hundred metres out , '' they said . `` I was going out fishing anyway so when I went out in my boat I went down to have a look and there it was . `` Wadams said it was difficult to see what kind of whale it was because its head was below the water , but thought the 10-12 metre-long creature could have been a large pilot whale.It had been dead for some time , they said . `` It was pretty ripe , the smell was distinctive from quite some distance , '' they said . `` There was a stream of sort of bits and pieces coming off the whale , decomposing . `` Wadams said it would n't have been long before the dead whale washed up on shore . `` There was quite a swell running , it would 've washed up by the surf club on Tairua Beach , '' they said . `` The way the wind was blowing , it was heading straight to [ the beach ] , in another hour , it would have washed up on the ocean beach . `` However , another boatie was able to deal with the problem.Wadams said while they were out there on their boat , they watched as someone jumped off a large launch to tie a rope around the dead whale 's tail.They then towed the whale away from the beach . `` Last I saw they were heading out to sea , disappearing over the horizon out to deep water presumably to cast it adrift out there so that it would n't come back on to shore . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor has started their mind games early after posing a picture of Floyd Mayweather 's dad .
UFC legend McGregor has finally announced the date of their fight with boxing great Mayweather as August 26 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .
The Irishman took to social media to announce the fight in their own antagonising style .
McGregor posted `` THE FIGHT IS ON '' with a picture of them posing along side a split of Mayweather 's father - who was also a boxer .
( Photo : @ TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter )
Mayweather won all 49 of their professional boxing fights before hanging up the gloves in September 2015 .
The American went for a more sensible `` It 's official '' on their Instagram page with a head and shoulder picture of both fighters in front of a ring at the famous boxing venue .
UFC chief Dana White also took to social media by tweeting a smiley face emoji .
The mega-fight which could generate upwards of £500million was finally confirmed on Wednesday night following weeks of negotiations and months of speculation .
The Irishman currently holds the UFC 's lightweight title which they won by stopping Eddie Alvarez in the second round last November .
They are also a former featherweight champion with the organisation and will likely face Mayweather at the welterweight limit of 147lb .
In Lucknow , at the break of dawn , the sound of bells ringing from a nearby temple wake up an old man . They get ready , collects milk in a jug and treks all the way to the temple to offer it to the deity . At the temple , they make a garland and stays until the customary morning puja and returns . “ So many people come here . When I see peace on their faces , I find peace too , ” they say .
The short film Hind , directed by Sumit Aroraa and produced by Terribly Tiny Talkies , is about the old man and their relationship with the temple , with a twist at the end .
Hindustan Dorr-Oliver owes banks over Rs1,400 crore , as of March 2017 .
Mumbai : Eight Capital Group and Centrum Capital Ltd are in a race to pick up a majority stake in Hindustan Dorr-Oliver Ltd ( HDO ) , which is currently facing corporate insolvency proceedings , two people familiar with the development said .
Debt-laden IVRCL Ltd , in which banks own a majority stake post conversion of a part of their debt into equity via strategic debt restructuring ( SDR ) , has a 55 % stake in HDO .
“ While Eight Capital has already submitted its expression of interest ( EoI ) , Centrum has been working on it and is likely to submit the same soon , ” one of the two people cited above said .
HDO , a leading engineering , procurement , construction ( EPC ) player in the past , has been under financial distress and has seen its net worth erode . The National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) Mumbai , after being approached by Bank of India Ltd , had ordered insolvency proceedings against the firm and appointed an interim resolution professional ( IRP ) earlier this April .
In the quarter ended September , HDO had reported a net loss of Rs85.3 crore on revenue of just Rs11.4 crore . It owed lenders over Rs1,400 crore as of March 2017 .
“ Eight Capital has roped in Pennar Industries Ltd as an operating partner , and its EoI includes converting HDO 's debt into debentures with a low coupon and transferring most of it to its books . It has also committed to infusing fresh equity into the company and turning it around in partnership with Pennar , ” the second person mentioned above said , adding that Centrum 's bid is likely to be in partnership with a strategic investor .
A spokesperson for Centrum , however , said the firm was not planning to submit a bid for HDO . “ We are an advisor to the company and are assisting them in finding suitable investors , ” they said .
Emails sent to Eight Capital , Pennar Industries and the IRP Amit Gupta remained unanswered till the time of going to press .
On Monday , shares of Hindustan Dorr-Oliver rose 4.08 % , or Rs0.29 , to Rs7.39 apiece on the BSE while the benchmark Sensex gained 0.62 % , or 205.49 points , to end the day at 33,455.79 .
By my foolproof calculation , 99.78 % of audiences sitting down to enjoy Blade Runner 2049 this weekend is going for one reason : to see if they get an answer to one of the oldest debates in cinema . Is the protagonist of Ridley Scott 's 1982 cyberpunk sensation , Rick Deckard ( Harrison Ford ) a replicant ? With a thrilling investigation interlinked with events from Blade Runner , finally , we have an answer .
Warning : This article contains major spoilers for Blade Runner 2049 .
OK , the above is n't strictly true . Those who want an explicit answer will be left lacking , as director Denis Villeneuve , along with scriptwriters Hampton Fancher and Michael Green , keep a veil of intrigue around the subject . But let 's not lose hope . Like its predecessor , Blade Runner 2049 is a film that leaves room for projection , its nuance elevated by its ambiguity . And where there 's ambiguity , there 's scope for speculation .
There is evidence to back up either side of the argument , no doubt a deliberate ploy . Since they were announced as director , Villeneuve has sent mixed messages into the public sphere . They originally promised fans that he 'd tackle the topic head on , before backtracking and saying Blade Runner 2049 would n't answer definitively :
`` So I decided that Deckard , in the movie , is unsure , as we are , of what their identity is . Because I love that . I love mystery . That 's an interesting thing to me . I really love that . ''
A Human Deckard Makes More Sense In 'Blade Runner 2049 '
However , this ( admittedly subjective ) article will argue Deckard is human . To understand why , first the mystery underlying the story gives a clue : the discovery of bones by LAPD Officer K ( Ryan Gosling ) that reveals replicants are capable of reproduction . Further still , those bones belonged to Rachael , who conceived a child with Deckard after the events of the original Blade Runner . K is tasked with finding the missing child , who is still alive , before the revelation becomes mainstream knowledge .
K works for the LAPD 's Blade Runner unit , whose aim is to keep control by hunting for rogue Nexus-8 models . Lieutenant Joshi ( Robin Wright ) highlights emphatically why the news of procreation would undermine such control : `` Tell either side there 's no wall ... You bought a war . '' What she 's saying is that , as things stand , replicants — initially designed as slave workers — are kept at bay because they are deemed inferior to humans . But , if they can reproduce with humans , the barrier between them is erased .
Lieutenant Joshi in 'Blade Runner 2049 ' [ Credit : Warner Bros . ]
In the political landscape of this cyberpunk future , this means that replicants and humans can mingle , create offspring , and both be on equal footing in society . Consider the significance of this development , and how it plays into the Deckard replicant debate . The most logical explanation is that Deckard is human . If replicants could have children amongst themselves , although hugely significant , it 'd still keep the current divide between them and the human race .
Even Harrison Ford and Ridley Scott disagree on Deckard 's nature . The former believes them to be human , the latter replicant . In Blade Runner , both of these arguments center around Deckard 's love interest , Rachael . When they are first introduced , they are unaware of their synthetic nature , having been implanted with false memories . This is the spark that casts doubt on Deckard 's nature , too . But even then , Deckard 's love for Rachael would be more of a statement if they were human .
Niander Wallace — Troll Or Replicant Revealer ?
Aware of the eagerness of audiences to find an answer , Blade Runner 2049 enters full-on troll mode during Deckard 's meeting with Niander Wallace ( Jared Leto ) . Talking to Deckard about their love for Rachael , Wallace says : `` You were programmed well ... '' Cue exasperated gasps from the audience , only for that to be followed with : `` If you were programmed . It 's love , or mathematical precision . ''
In one sentence , Wallace acknowledges both sides of the debate . Their behavior also ties in with the belief Deckard is human . They purchased the remnants of the Tyrell Corporation off the back of their ability as a genius synthetic engineer . Based on that , Wallace would know if Deckard was a replicant , or at least perform the relevant tests . Instead , by telling them they were `` programmed , '' Wallace is trying to get under Deckard 's skin . They know he 's human , but they also know Deckard will have struggled with those doubts over the years due to their relationship with Rachael .
`` Love ? Or mathematical precision ? ''
Deckard 's response to Wallace 's interrogation technique is telling . Wallace has touched a nerve , Deckard grimaces as they say : `` I know what 's real . '' But they do n't fully mean it . The doubt remains . This element of doubt takes inspiration from the novel the original Blade Runner is based on , Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? by Philip K. Dick . In the novel , Deckard is tormented by the thought that they ca n't be sure of their own nature . Dick wrote Deckard as human .
The beauty of Blade Runner 2049 , and the ingredient that makes it remarkable , is that it 'd be just as easy to argue the opposite . It 's primed for multiple viewings , with each viewing guaranteed to throw up something new , something that 'll change the perspective . So I 'm prepared to be corrected on this . And if this perspective is wrong , the ending of the film does n't lose any impact . Because ultimately , Villeneuve 's film tells us that , replicant or not replicant , there is no divide .
Where do you stand on the debate ? Did Blade Runner 2049 help you decide if Deckard is a replicant ?
Last year , it was announced that Aussies would have to pay GST on all overseas purchases from July 1 , 2018 , leaving the country 's online shopping future uncertain in the process .
Just how the world 's overseas online retail giants would react to Australia 's new ( and controversial ) GST rules had since been confined to the realm of speculation ... until now . US giant Amazon , which operates the world 's largest online retail site , says it will no longer ship to Australian addresses starting from the asupervisorstioned July 1 , 2018 cut-off date .
After that date , Aussie customers who attempt to visit the US version of Amazon or any of Amazon 's overseas sites will find themselves redirected to Amazon 's Australian site , which offers a much smaller selection of items . Whether that decision to redirect users will also be applied to other Amazon-owned stores , such as Book Depository , is currently unknown .
According to the The Sydney Morning Herald , Amazon 's US site provides access to roughly 500 million items , as opposed to the Aussie version , which features around 60 million products .
`` While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers , we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites , '' said an Amazon spokesperson .
What this means for you
Unfortunately , consumers who 've spent the last couple of decades relying on the US version of Amazon to purchase products not readily-available in Australia may now have to start shopping elsewhere , likely at additional expense .
Thankfully , international third-party sellers ' storefronts will still be accessible from the Australian Amazon site , although shipping costs on those items will be at the discretion of individual sellers , rather than Amazon itself .
Amazon has also announced a new 'global store ' section of its site , which is said to give Australian customers access to 4 million additional products that were previously only available in the US .
`` We have taken this step to provide our customers with continued access to international selection and allow us to remain compliant with the law which requires us to collect and remit GST on products sold on Amazon sites that are shipped from overseas , '' said Amazon .
eBay made a similar threat last April , stating that it may block Australians from international purchases in response to the GST changes . At present , the online marketplace has yet to comment on Amazon 's decision , though you can read its current tax and import charges policy here .
We 'll have more on this story as it unfolds .
Fred Welker , Senior Vice President of Thomas D. Wood & Company worked on behalf of Blackhawk Properties & Investments to place the three-year construction loan for the property located at 550 South Andrews Avenue , Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
The property already under construction will have 99,466 square feet of office & retail space in a 7-story building and adjoining parking garage containing approximately 664 parking spaces situated on approximately 1.5 acres of land area . Approximately twenty ( 20 % ) of the space is under signed Letter of Intents . The 550 building will have 14,000 sf of ground level retail and restaurant space .
Located in downtown Fort Lauderdale 's South of Las Olas district ( SOLO ) , 550 sits across from a Publix and immediately next to the new Broward County Courthouse .
Blackhawk Properties & Investment 's principals William Murphy and Kate Murphy assembled the 1.5 acres of land by acquisitions since 2013 . Planned completion of the development is scheduled for Spring of 2019 .
$ 32,500,000 ( $ 326.74/sf ) , 36 months , +24 months mini-perm
Closed on 5/11/2018
Fred Welker , III , Senior Vice President
Thomas D. Wood & Company
401 East Las Olas Boulevard , Suite 1400
Fort Lauderdale , Florida 33301
305-447-7833 , cell 954-564-1640
fwelker @ tdwood.com
About Thomas D. Wood
Thomas D. Wood and Company is a privately held real estate investment banking firm specializing in Florida 's commercial and Multi-family real estate capital markets . Founded in 1987 by Thomas D Wood Sr. and Thomas D Wood Jr. , the company has become one of Florida 's premiere real estate lenders with over $ 10 billion in transactional experience throughout Florida and the continental United States .
Thomas D. Wood and Company is dedicated to providing the highest level of personalized service , intimate knowledge of the local real estate market , while maintaining long-standing relationships with the top institutional lenders for real estate investors with best-in-class financing solutions .
How pubs should be serving their beer
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
You might not be surprised to hear that not all pints are pristine .
Your landlord may well have the banter of the Inbetweeners Movie , their beer mats might be well positioned – but that does n't mean the lines are clean .
Pub inspectors from Cask Marque , a company that monitors quality in the country 's drinking establishments , have been collecting data from beer taps across the UK .
The aim is to determine hygiene standards across the board . Cask Marque has been using smart devices attached to pumps to analyse cleanliness in lagers , real ales , and ciders .
Cleaning the lines
( Photo : Getty )
You 'll be unsurprised to hear that busy bartenders often neglect beer lines . They 're the tubes that connect taps to the barrels in the cellar . They deliver your tipple .
In pubs , it 's important to clean the lines . It should happen once a week – when the kegs of alcohol are nearly empty . The tubes are connected to cleaning fluids and pumped through as if beer .
( Before this can happen , the last of the booze has to be pumped through . And is usually drunk by staff after hours . It makes the cleaning process a little more fun , you see ) .
The issue is , however , according to Cask Marque , is not enough pubs are clearing the lines with the necessary regularity . It means they 're serving dirty pints , tainted with dirt and germs .
And there 's one pint more dirty than the others : cider .
( Photo : Getty )
As part of the Beer Quality Report 2017 , Cask Marque found that the 'dirtiest ' beverage is cider .
The report revealed that 44 per cent of cider consumed by thirst locals – a fair amount in the West Country , no doubt – was coming out of suboptimal lines .
“ Cask Marque has spent almost 20 years banging the drum about beer quality , and still the message is not getting through to retailers , ” said Paul Nunny , director of Cask Marque .
Paul said the news could have a negative impact on an already struggling industry . They called for landlords to work to the `` proper standard '' .
Pints are 'too warm '
( Photo : Getty )
Cask Marque also found that six percent of all pints are served too warm – not good for the whole germs thing . The company also ranked beverage quality across the country .
Generally speaking , the North ( particularly the North East ) , is cleaner than the south . Pints down south are also more expensive , let 's not forget .
On average , maintenance is worth in the South West , Wales , and the South East . The North East and West , and Yorkshire , have the best pints . Read the full breakdown on the Morning Advertiser .
Now you can broadcast your Tweets live on Twitter
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
2016 is no doubt a year that Samsung would want to put behind them , but what better way to kick off the new year than with the launch of the A3 and A5 , two new variants of the Galaxy A series .
After many months of rumours regarding the handsets , today Samsung officially unveiled the latest offering from the Galaxy A Series .
Coming in at two sizes , the 5.2-inch A5 and the 4.7-inch A3 , the new Android phone will combine some of the best bits from the much-loved S7 at a more mid-range price .
For the first time the Galaxy A series will be dust and water resistant . Its IP68 rating means it can be submerged in 1.5 metres of water for up to 30 minutes .
Also similar to the Samsung Galaxy S7 is its always-on display , showing you your latest notifications without having to wake it .
It supports an external microSD card of up to 256GB , perfect for capturing and saving as much content as you want without having to worry about storage .
Design-wise Samsung has stuck to its tried and tested formula , with the handsets not veering too far away in looks from their predecessors .
However the rounder edges combined with the phones ' metal frames and sleek glass backs bring the A3 and A5 up-to-date with a more refined look .
The four colour options on offer give the Galaxy A3 and A5 some personality . There 's a choice of Black Sky , Gold Sand , Blue Mist and Peach Cloud .
Samsung is renowned for its smartphone cameras and both lenses have had an upgrade . The advanced camera technology now allows you to capture your favourite moments in low-light conditions .
This combined with the super-accurate autofocus and 16MP front and back lens , will guarantee some impressive-looking snaps .
Not only that , the Galaxy A3 and A5 lets you experiment with some Instagram friendly modes , including Food Mode that optimises and enhances the colour and contrast of shots . That homemade Sunday roast can now really be shown off to its full potential .
For all the selfie lovers out there the Galaxy A5 has an impressive 16MP front facing camera .
Samsung has also added an extra feature to make it easier when it comes to taking your your snaps with one hand . Tap anywhere on the screen to capture your selfies and if you 're in low-light conditions you can use the display as a front facing flash .
Under the hood the Samsung Galaxy A5 will feature 3GB worth of RAM , 32GB storage , Bluetooth 4.2 and a 3,000mAh fast charging battery .
While the smaller A3 has 13MP rear and 8MP front facing camera , 2GB RAM and 16GB . Also worth nothing that both handsets sport fingerprint scanners , USB Type-C charging and NFC ( near field communication ) .
Samsung Galaxy A3 and A5 will be available to pre-order in the UK from January 20 , with them set to be released in early February . Anyone who pre-orders will also receive a free pair of Samsung LEVEL Active Wireless Headphones .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Madonna has shared a snap of their two adorable twins , nine months after welcoming them into their family .
The 59-year-old star adopted the four-year-old girls in February this year , adding them to their growing family and ultimately saving them from a life of poverty .
Now the singer has shared a gorgeous photo of the girls smiling and with their faces painted with colourful rainbows .
Posting the pic to their 10.3m followers on Instagram , the singer captioned the photo : `` Wild At Heart ! ''
( Image : Instagram )
Them followers lapped up the personal photo , with many commenting on how cute the tots are .
One fan said : `` Beautiful girls , always so happy . ''
Another commented : `` [ Your ] children are sweethearts ! They always have big smiles and having fun ! It makes my day brighter seeing happy children . ''
After a flying visit to Malawi earlier this year they were granted permission to adopt the sisters , which raised eyebrows as , according to Malawi law , adoptive parents must reside in the country for at least a year before adopting any children .
This is n't the first time she 's adopted children from the country , though , also having adopted son David Banda , 11 , in 2006 , and daughter Mercy James , also 11 , in 2009 .
( Image : Getty )
They also have two biological children , 20-year-old Lourdes from their marriage to actor Carlos Leon and 16-year-old Rocco , from their marriage to English director Guy Ritchie .
( Image : Getty )
This comes after the pop superstar moved their family to Lisbon at the end of Summer after David was signed to the Benefica youth academy .
Rising through the ranks of the Portuguese club 's spring trials , he 's currently living at the club 's youth academy at Seixal in Lisbon 's suburbs .
Madonna was then spotted eyeing up a swanky £7m mansion - a sprawling 1865 palace - no doubt to house their family while David works hard for their football dreams .
Jonathan Brannan shows us how Biloxi High School joined in on national movement calling for change following the Parkland School shooting .
Today for the “ Local Lunchbox ” segment on the Rockleidoscope Show , Erin played for you :
Local Lunchbox is brought to you by Outpost Natural Foods . Tune in Wednesday during Squid Inc. with Sid for your next tasty treat !
HARTFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Thousands of Connecticut students , brought here illegally when they were very young , are facing legal limbo and possible deportation .
There 's a call Monday night for Congress to address this touchy issue sometime in the next two weeks because President Trump has cancelled the Obama policy that protected them from deportation .
There are an estimated 8,000 young people in Connecticut and 700,000 across the nation who will be impacted by this decision .
21-year-old Jonathan Gonzales-Cruz of Wallingford is expected to graduate from Southern Connecticut State University next spring with high honors in economics and math . They were brought to this country from Mexico when they were 4-years-old by a relative who is a U.S. Citizen , but they are not .
Says Jonathan , “ This is my home , this is all I 've ever known and I am not going to leave it . ”
Related Content : 15 Dreamer protesters arrested on Capitol Hill
Next spring , just before graduation , they will lose their protection from “ Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , ” also known as DACA , and they will be unable to work and pursue their master 's degree at law school .
President Trump has decided to eliminate DACA , and so Congress must act within the next two weeks in order to keep Jonathan and thousands of others like them in Connecticut from facing possible deportation .
“ I would like to go to law school and then practice the law here . I would like to become an immigration lawyer , human rights lawyer , and I would like to start a family here , ” said Jonathan .
Related Content : DACA students feel welcome at ECSU
They joined with others in the group called “ Connecticut Students for a Dream ” with Senator Richard Blumenthal ( D-Connecticut ) , urging Congress to act within the next two weeks .
They all have similar stories and similar desires of finding a path to legal U.S. status and careers .
Said Sen. Blumenthal , “ Congress must do its job and provide permanent status and a path to citizenship for the Dreamers before it leaves for recess . ”
The so-called “ DREAM Act ” to address this has had broad support from members of both political parties , but it has failed to pass for more than 15 years . Now , there is a real deadline on the horizon in March when there could be mass deportations .
Benje Choucroun turned up at the White House briefing on Wednesday , catching everyone 's attention when they asked Press Secretary Sarah Sanders about school shootings .
`` At my school , we recently had a lockdown drill , '' Choucron , 13 , said , reading from a piece of paper . `` One thing that affects mine and others ' mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school . ''
Choucron , a student at Marin Country Day School in California , continued : `` Specifically , can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies ? ''
Sanders appeared to tear up during their response .
There 's a kid at today 's White House press briefing . They just asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings and safety https : //t.co/PrmyAzaik0 — Meg Wagner ( @ megwagner ) May 30 , 2018
`` I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent , there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe , so I 'm sorry that you feel that way , '' they said . `` This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week , again , an official meeting , to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off . ''
Choucroun is in town covering the White House Sports and Fitness Day for Time for Kids magazine .
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
The 25th Annual Tim Hortons North Okanagan Athlete of the Year Awards goes Tuesday night at Lakers Clubhouse .
The athlete of the year trophy has been handed out since 1994 , then under the auspices of the Funtastic Sports Society , and has tracked the progress of top athletes and teams for more than two decades . The awards selection also now includes a leadership/service trophy for a second straight year .
A world-class distance runner , a sweat-till-ya-drop football team and an octogenarian who volunteers with the energy of a teenager were winners in 2017 . Hannah Bennison , a 17-year-old Grade 12 VSS student , the VSS Senior AA Panthers football team and longtime boxing and soccer supporter Ian Gibson collected huge trophies last year .
NHLer Brent Gilchrist took the first athlete of the year honour and other past winners include Olympic gymnast Camille Martens , speed skater Connie Kapak , Olympic snowboarder Kevin Hill , swimmer Savannah King , basketball star Diane Schuetze and Viper captain David Robinson .
The Panthers joined the likes of the national champion Vernon Vipers hockey team and Jim Cotter 's provincial curling foursome as Team of the Year . The Cats lost 35-15 to the Seaquam Seahawks of Delta in last year 's Subway Senior AA final at B.C . Place .
“ There were many outstanding applications received and considered , ” said committee chair Jack Gilroy , a retired city councillor , of this year 's nominees . “ We had some tough choices to make . ”
The Leadership in Sports award is for community leaders such as coaches or organizers .
Other directors on the Tim Hortons Sports Awards committee include retiree John Topping , who founded Funtastic , Dan Currie and Taylor MacInnis of Tim Hortons , radio personalities Betty Selin and Pete McIntyre , Josh Winquist of Castanet and Kevin Mitchell of The Morning Star .
Light refreshments will be provided and the event is open to the public , free of charge . The ceremony gets underway at 6 p.m .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thiabut Courtois is refusing to sign a new contract with Chelsea in a bid to force a transfer to Real Madrid , according to reports .
Courtois ' current deal at Stamford Bridge expires in the summer of 2019 and club chiefs are hoping the will sign a new deal .
But the Belgian goalkeeper is reportedly rebuffing the offers as they want to secure a move back to La Liga .
According to Marca , Courtois feels that this time in the Premier League is coming to an end and they are keen to push through a move to Real .
( Image : David Ramos )
( Image : AFP )
The 25-year-old has been heavily linked to Real in the past as they look to find a long-term stopper to replace Keylor Navas .
Real have been fans of Courtois since their three-year loan spell in Spain at Atletico Madrid .
Chelsea could choose to cash in on Courtois next summer in order to avoid losing them on a free transfer the year afterwards .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Real have also been interested in Manchester United 's David De Gea , who was a matter of minutes from completing a move on deadline day in summer 2015 .
De Gea , however , now appears settled in Manchester .
Feasts of Resistance : Middle East with Peterson Garden Project
Hyde Park Brew Fest
Motown and 90 's hip-hop party at Rhyme or Reason
If you love to eat and drink , this week offers a great chance to explore the world of Chicago food and beverage . From a hands-on cooking class examining social and political conflict around the world to a comfort food-infused Motown dance party , there 's plenty to see , do and taste if you 're hungry for something new. -- -Join Uptown 's Peterson Garden Project and chef Alvin Yu to explore how conflict shapes food and culture . The hands-on cooking class will take a closer look at iconic dishes from around the world -- including Burma , Ethiopia , Syria and Haiti -- to examine how they 've been affected by social and political unrest.Thursday , May 31 , 7-9 p.m.Head down to Hyde Park for the neighborhood 's fifth annual Brew Fest . The weekend-long street party promises more than 50 different beers and ciders to taste , as well as plenty of food and DJs spinning hip-hop and house music.Saturday , June 2 , 12 p.m.- Sunday , June 3 , 9 p.m.Get your Sunday Funday fix at the '70s-style gastropub Rhyme or Reason , where Gerald McClendon , aka The SoulKeeper , and their band will be playing two sets of classic Motown sounds . DJ Mark Fuller will also take the stage to keep hip-hop and R & B anthems spinning through the evening.The kitchen will sling your comfort food favorites , like towering burgers and poutine -- past dark . And drink specials -- including $ 7 margaritas , $ 6 draft beers and $ 3 for the shot of the night -- will run throughout the party.Sunday , June 3 , 4-9 p.m .
KABUL , Afghanistan ( AP ) - An attacker dressed in a school uniform set off a grenade amid a group of hundreds of university students in Afghanistan 's capital on Sunday , killing themselves and wounding five students , according to the district police chief .
Nasir Nadery said the attacker , who slipped past two guards , was wearing an explosives vest that failed to explode . The students were inside a private compound where they were taking classes to prepare for university exams .
The attack took place in a Kabul neighborhood dominated by ethnic Hazaras , a Shiite minority frequently targeted by the Sunni extremists . No one immediately claimed the attack , which resembled previous assaults carried out by the Islamic State group .
On Saturday , a sticky bomb attached to the motorcycle driven by a retired Pakistani army officer exploded in southern Zabul province 's Shahjoy district , killing the officer and their guard , according to the provincial government spokesperson , Gul Islam Seyal .
Pakistan has been criticized by both the United States and Afghanistan for aiding Taliban insurgents , a charge it denies . Seyal said the retired officer was aiding the Taliban , although they did not provide any proof of their claim .
A Pakistani military official said they have no knowledge of any retired officer killed in Afghanistan . They spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations .
Meanwhile Taliban attacked security positions northwest of Kabul , killing at least five police and setting off a two-hour gunbattle , according to Mohammed Zaman , the police chief for Ghazni province .
The Taliban have stepped up attacks across Afghanistan since the U.S. and NATO formally concluded their combat mission at the end of 2014 .
In the western Ghor province , meanwhile , a roadside bomb killed a young shepherd and wounded five others . Police spokesperson Iqbal Nizami said the Taliban planted the bomb in order to target security forces .
In the eastern Khost province , police spokesperson Basir Bina said a roadside bomb killed two children and wounded another nine . Both bombs went off on Saturday .
___
Associated Press Writer Zarar Khan in Islamabad , Pakistan contributed to this report .
CLOSE A protest was held in support of Cindy Mann who was removed from their position as Head of School of Padua Academy . Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
Students at Padua Academy gather outside the school wearing pink in support of Cindy Mann , the head of Padua Academy , who was abruptly fired Friday . ( Photo : Suchat Pederson , The News Journal-USA TODAY NETWORK )
Wilmington police have closed part of North Broom Street as girls and parents from Padua Academy continue their protests Monday .
The 900 block of North Broom Street is shut down , and the protest against the firing of ousted principal Cindy Mann is expected to last all day .
Motorists are advised to avoid the area by using alternative routes .
PADUA PROTEST
Students brave cold to support ousted Padua leader
Pink protests begin in support of ousted Padua principal
Padua Academy 's head of school , Cindy Mann , abruptly removed from position by parish
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/traffic/2018/03/19/padua-academy-protests-close-part-n-broom-street/437642002/
Pathogens On A Plane : How To Stay Healthy In Flight
Enlarge this image toggle caption Benjamin Arthur for NPR Benjamin Arthur for NPR
If you want to cut your risk of catching the flu on your next flight , pick a window seat and stay put .
That 's a key take-home message of a study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
`` I have always chosen window seats , '' says Vicki Hertzberg , a biostatistician at Emory University , who co-led the research with scientists at The Boeing Co. `` But after this study , I have stopped moving around as much on flights . ''
People in window seats come into contact with fewer passengers , Hertzberg and their team found , because they leave their seats less often than those sitting near the aisle . And they are farther away from the action in the aisle , with its potentially coughing and otherwise germy passersby .
`` So the window seats are a little less risky than the aisle seats , '' Hertzberg says .
The finding comes from an effort to model how pathogens spread through the air in planes . To do that , Hertzberg and their colleagues created what they call `` Fantasy Flights . ''
`` We were working on the study while it was fantasy football time , '' they say . `` So we started to call it that . ''
It 's an appropriate name because in essence , the Fantasy Flights work in a similar way to a game of fantasy football : Hertzberg and their team created simulations of people moving around the cabin during a three- to five-hour transcontinental flight .
`` Then in the simulations , we could make a passenger sick — like the passenger in seat 14C — and see what 's the probability of somebody coming into contact with the sick person , '' Hertzberg says .
Overall , passengers had the greatest chance of catching the bug when they sat right next to the sick passenger or in the row in front of or behind the sick person .
`` There was a perimeter around the person with increased risk , '' Hertzberg says . `` Everywhere else , the risk of getting sick was was minimal . ''
Hertzberg and their team created the computer simulations by documenting how people moved around the cabins on 10 transcontinental flights , from Atlanta to the West Coast .
Their findings are consistent with previous studies looking at how real viruses and bacterial pathogens spread on planes . In general , sitting near a sick person puts you at the highest risk . But the size of the `` transmission zone '' depends on the specific pathogen and how it transmits .
For instance , there 's a chance you could catch tuberculosis when you sit within two rows of someone infected with TB and the flight is longer than eight hours .
And for SARS , that transmission zone very likely extends to at least three rows around the sick passenger — or perhaps up to seven rows .
Of course , pathogens do n't just spread through the air . They can also land on surfaces — like the armrest or headrest — and survive there for hours , even days .
`` When you look at most infectious diseases , the overwhelming majority are transmitted when you touch a contaminated surface , '' says Dr. Mark Gendreau , who specializes in aviation medicine at Lahey Medical Center in Peabody , Mass . `` You grab the doorknob of the airplane bathroom , and then touch your eyes , nose or mouth . ''
`` But we 're not all doomed to get sick after a plane flight , '' Gendreau adds . `` You can change behaviors when you 're traveling and substantially reduce the risk of catching anything . ''
First off , keep your hands microbe-free . `` I recommend bringing aboard a sanitizing gel with 60 percent alcohol , '' they say . `` Before you eat or drink , sanitize your hands . ''
And do n't forget to use the sanitizer after you wash your hands in the bathroom 's sink , Gendreau recommends . The water in airplanes has a dirty track record .
In 2004 , the Environmental Protection Agency found high levels of fecal bacteria in the drinking water of 15 of the 327 planes it tested . Then in 2009 , the agency set forth new guidelines for airlines to test their water . Now the EPA says that water on the airplane is safe to drink if you do n't have a suppressed immune system .
But Gendreau still would n't risk it . They would n't even brush their teeth with the water in an airplane bathroom . `` I use bottled water , '' they say .
And if a person is coughing right next to you and the plane is n't jampacked , maybe just ask for another seat .
First Album , First Song : The 150 Best Lead-Off Tracks
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesty of the artists Courtesty of the artists
Over the years , some bands who 've released recording debuts have launched their careers with a single from the album that , in many cases , was the first song on the first side of their record . In the business , these songs are called `` lead-off tracks , '' denoting the first in a series of songs on an album . Many of these tracks spawned major hits : from Beyoncé 's `` Crazy In Love , '' `` Chuck E 's In Love '' by Rickie Lee Jones and Norah Jones ' `` Do n't Know Why , '' to Foo Fighters ' `` This Is A Call '' and `` Suite : Judy Blue Eyes '' by Crosby , Stills & Nash .
Still others , while not major radio hits , have had lasting influence on pop music . `` Radio Free Europe '' by R.E.M. , `` Illegal Smile '' by John Prine , `` Push It Along '' by A Tribe Called Quest and `` Sunday Morning '' by The Velvet Underground come to mind .
From rock and soul to R & B and rap , we 've collected 150 of these lead-off tracks into one playlist . Listen below .
Peep Show : Watch Us Calculate The Speed Of Light With Stale Easter Treats
Find more science videos on NPR 's Skunk Bear YouTube Channel . YouTube
If you just celebrated Easter , you might have some stale marshmallow Peeps lying around the house . And if you want to avoid eating those Peeps , they are the perfect material for a science experiment you can do in your own kitchen .
With the help of a ruler and a microwave , you can use leftover Peeps to calculate one of the constants of the universe — the speed of light .
It might sound crazy , but all will be revealed in this video from NPR 's science YouTube channel , Skunk Bear . As a bonus , you 'll also get to see animated Peeps illustrate the history of the search for the speed of light going back to Galileo .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jack Wilshere is taking their coaching badges .
The Arsenal and England midfielder has revealed they want to bring through future generations of talent at the Emirates and is keen to get their qualifications now .
Wilshere , in contention to start Wednesday 's London derby against West Ham , said : “ Last year when I was [ on loan ] at Bournemouth , they were n't in Europe and did n't have midweek games . So it felt like an opportunity .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
“ A few of the lads were talking about doing their Level Two badge and I thought I would jump on it and get through it .
“ I really enjoyed it and thought that while I 'm fit and healthy and playing I might not need it . But even if I have another ten years in me I do n't want to be at the end of my career and then have a year out and think , 'What do I want to do ? ' then have to go through Level Two , UEFA A and UEFA B .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ So I 'm doing my UEFA B at the minute and lucky we have great facilities and great players .
“ Also the PFA and the FA have been really helpful . I am going to complete that and see what I want to do . ”
Wilshere , 25 , revealed team-mate Per Mertesacker , who is set to hang up their boots and take over at the Arsenal academy next season , inspired them to plan for their future .
They told Arsenal 's official magazine : “ It was Per 's idea for me to carry on with the qualifications .
“ I told them what I was going at Bournemouth and they said , 'If you want to continue it with me , I 'm doing it . ' I was up for it .
“ I think Per is going to be great in that job .
“ He might need an assistant one day so you never know ! He 's got that character . He 's a great captain even when he 's not playing .
“ He 's so positive and they want the team to do well . So he 's a great example for a younger player .
“ If you 're 13 or 14 coming through , he 's someone to look up to . I 'm sure he 'll pass their knowledge to them . ”
Woman Reported Missing In California Found On 'The Bachelor '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Craig Sjodin/ABC via Getty Images Craig Sjodin/ABC via Getty Images
Intrigue around The Bachelor , ABC 's long-running dating reality show , usually centers on rendered roses and resentful rivals , but one contestant on the current season made headlines this week for different reasons .
Rebekah Martinez , 22 , has been seen weekly on television screens since Jan. 1 , when the season debuted , and yet had also simultaneously been registered as a missing person in California 's Humboldt County . That is until astute viewers and the local newspaper helped set the record straight on Thursday .
On Nov. 18 , Martinez 's mother called the Humboldt County Sheriff 's Office to file a missing person 's report , saying they had not heard from their daughter for a week , reports the North Coast Journal .
A sheriff 's spokesperson told the newspaper that Martinez told their mother that they were going to Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm .
After trying to get ahold of Martinez and following up on leads , police asked Martinez 's mother on Dec. 12 whether they had made contact with their daughter , reports People magazine . The mother , who has not been identified , said they did in fact hear from their daughter on Nov. 18 after reporting them missing . But Martinez was never removed from the missing persons list . Per procedure , police asked for Martinez to contact the investigator directly , the magazine reports . That did n't happen .
Martinez posted on Instagram on Sept. 17 — presumably around the time filming began for the 22nd season of the show — that they were giving up their `` phone and social media for the next several weeks , so if you need to contact me , welll ... tough luck ! ''
But far from flying under the radar , they resumed activity on social media in November , four days after their mother reported them missing and has continued posting regularly .
Yet on Thursday , Humboldt County 's North Coast Journal published a cover story including Martinez as one of `` The Humboldt 35 . '' The article explored why the county has California 's highest rate of reported missing persons .
After the newspaper posted the article to Facebook , readers pointed out that not only was Martinez not missing , but also they were a burgeoning reality television star , known as Bekah M. , currently among the top 10 contestants whittled down from the original 29 .
After the Journal contacted the sheriff 's office with the news , a deputy managed to get in touch with Martinez . The deputy said in an email , according to the newspaper , `` I just got off the phone with Rebekah . They are in fact the same person . They have been removed from ( the Missing and Unidentified Persons Unit ) . ''
The Humboldt 35 is now down to 33 after at least one other person was surprised to read they were officially missing . They called the newspaper to say they were alive and well and still living in the county with a roommate .
In California , a missing person is simply `` someone whose whereabouts is unknown to the reporting party , '' as the state 's Office of the Attorney General explains . `` There is NO waiting period for reporting a person missing . All California police and sheriffs ' departments must accept any report , including a report by telephone , of a missing person . ''
While Martinez has not explained the confusion directly , they did address it lightheartedly on Friday , tweeting , `` honestly the scariest thing about this story is that my efforts to conceal The Worst Drivers License Photo Of All Time have been thwarted . ''
Christy Clark and their son , Hamish , address the media during a press conference on their decision to leave public life . ( Katya Slepian/Black Press )
Former premier Christy Clark has landed a job at a law firm as they officially move on from political life .
Clark , who lost their post last July when the NDP-Green coalition was allowed to form government , had retired as leader of the BC Liberals in August .
The province 's longest serving female premier has taken a step back from public life for the past year , surfacing Wednesday with an announcement that they were joining Bennett Jones .
VIDEO : “ I am done with public life , ” says Christy Clark
Clark has joined the firm 's Vancouver office as a senior advisor on their governmental affairs and public policy team .
“ Christy 's leadership as Premier took British Columbia to new economic heights , ” said firm CEO Hugh MacKinnon . “ Her vision on driving growth through trade is one that our clients share . ”
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Until recently , the prospect of humans living on Mars seemed like a crazy pipe dream .
But the development of reusable rockets , together with a renewed political interest in space exploration , means a manned mission to the Red Planet could be closer than ever .
NASA chief Charles Bolden said last year that the space agency will put humans on Mars by 2030 , and Barack Obama has also described this as a `` clear goal '' for the USA .
Meanwhile , billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk has set out a plan to establish a self-sustaining city on Mars by the mid-2060s , complete with iron foundries and pizza restaurants .
( Photo : Reuters )
But the question remains how early settlers will survive in Mars ' extreme temperatures and unforgiving atmosphere , which does not provide adequate protection from high-energy radiation .
Now a group of NASA experts , designers and architects from the Langley Research Center have unveiled a concept called `` Mars Ice Home , '' which they claim could protect astronauts from the harsh Martian environment .
The Mars Ice Home is a large inflatable `` torus '' , ( a shape similar to an inner tube ) , that is surrounded by a shell of water ice .
The torus is lightweight and can be transported and deployed with simple robotics , then filled with water before the crew arrives .
( Photo : Courtesy of Kevin Kempton )
The water , which is rich in hydrogen , is an excellent shielding material for galactic cosmic rays , which are one of the biggest risks of long stays on Mars , according to NASA .
This high-energy radiation can pass right through the skin , damaging cells or DNA - meaning an increased risk for cancer later in life - and causing acute radiation sickness .
`` The materials that make up the Ice Home will have to withstand many years of use in the harsh Martian environment , including ultraviolet radiation , charged-particle radiation , possibly some atomic oxygen , perchlorates , as well as dust storms , '' said researcher Sheila Ann Thibeault .
To manage temperatures inside the Ice Home , a layer of carbon dioxide gas would be used as insulation , between the living space and the thick shielding layer of ice .
While other proposals suggest building habitats underground , the Ice Home is preferable because it does n't require heavy robotic equipment , which would need to be transported from Earth .
It is also translucent , allowing some outside daylight to pass through , so inhabitants feel like they are in a home and not a cave .
The structure itself doubles as a storage tank for water , which could potentially be converted to rocket fuel for the Mars Ascent Vehicle and then refilled for the next crew , according to NASA .
Although the Mars Ice Home design has several advantages that make it an appealing concept , there are also some drawbacks .
( Photo : Getty )
While some areas of Mars have abundant water ice just below the surface , extracting this water is not easy . Experts believe it would be possible to fill the Ice Home at a rate of one cubic metre per day - meaning it would take 400 days to fill it completely .
Astronauts would also need a large amount of flexible workspace , so that crews could have a place to service robotic equipment indoors without the need to wear pressure suits .
Despite these challenges , Langley senior systems engineer Kevin Vipavetz said the Mars Ice Home offers a `` sound engineering solution '' for sustainable habitation on the Red Planet .
Governor Bruce Rauner will be holding a news conference Monday morning to call for the resignation of Cook County Assessor Joseph Berrios . It comes on the heels of an investigation by the Chicago Tribune and ProPublica Illinois that detailed significant problems with the assessor 's office and the way tax appeals are handled.The report raised questions about how wealthy , politically-connected property owners were able to get their assessments reduced , sometimes significantly below market value . Rauner joins Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Chris Kennedy in calling for Berrios to step down . JB Pritzker and Daniel Biss have declined to call for Berrios to resign , instead saying it should be up to the voters.Fritz Kaegi is challenging Berrios in the Democratic primary . Berrios is the head of the Cook County Democratic Party , which has endorsed Pritzker . House Speaker Micheal Madigan , the head of the Illinois Democratic Party is tax appeals attorney.Rauner will hold their news conference in Wheeling at the home of Michael and Marianne Murphy . Mrs. Murphy tells ABC7 that several years ago they personally appealed the property taxes and were able to get them reduced by $ 100 . They said they do not know enough about the way the assessor 's office operates to comment on whether Berrrios should resign .
Domestic Violence 's Overlooked Damage : Concussion And Brain Injury
Enlarge this image toggle caption MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images
Hundreds of survivors of domestic violence have come through the doors of neurologist Glynnis Zieman 's Phoenix clinic in the past three years .
`` The domestic violence patients are the next chapter of brain injury , '' they say .
Zieman begins every new patient visit with a simple question : `` What are the symptoms you hope I can help you with ? ''
For most , it 's the first time anyone has ever asked even how they may have been injured in the first place . `` I actually heard one patient tell me the only person who ever asked them if someone did this to them was a paramedic , as they were being wheeled into an ambulance , '' Zieman says . `` And the husband was at the foot of their stretcher . ''
While many patients initially seek out the clinic because of physical symptoms , such as headaches , exhaustion , dizziness or problems sleeping , Zieman says their research shows anxiety , depression and PTSD usually end up being the most severe problems .
Studies of traumatic brain injury have revealed links to dementia and memory loss in veterans and athletes . And TBI has also been linked to PTSD in current or former service members .
Another group may be suffering , still largely in silence — survivors of domestic violence .
Shots - Health News War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD Listen · 6:36 6:36
About 70 percent of people seen in the ER for such abuse are never actually identified as survivors of domestic violence . It 's a health crisis cloaked in secrecy and shame , one that Zieman is uncovering through their work at the Barrow Concussion and Brain Injury Center .
They run what they say is the first program dedicated to treating traumatic brain injury for survivors of domestic violence .
`` About 81 percent of our patients had so many hits to the head , they lost count , which , you compare that to athletes , is astronomical , '' Zieman says .
Zieman says it 's not just the sheer number of injuries that makes these patients ' cases so complex .
`` One single athletic concussion is hard enough to treat , but these patients are beyond that , '' they say . `` Unlike athletes , they do not have the luxury , if you will , of recovering after an injury before they are injured again . ''
Domestic violence is estimated to affect 10 million people each year . Head and neck injuries are some of the most common issues , and Zieman is uncovering how frequently traumatic brain injury is a part of the picture .
Still , they say , the lack of recognition of the severity of the abuse-related problems has left many survivors without a definitive diagnosis . Many get blamed for their cognitive impairment .
`` They have been labeled for so long with all these horrible things , '' says Zieman . `` And in the end , it 's not only not their fault but there is a true medical reason behind these issues and there are some things that can be done . ''
Data on domestic violence and traumatic injury are sparse because it 's so underreported , but Zieman says their initial findings indicate it 's even more prevalent than previously thought .
A 2016 review of the medical files of patients in the program — almost all women — discovered only one-fifth of them had seen a physician for their injuries . Eighty-eight percent had sustained more than one head injury from abuse .
Zieman works with local domestic violence shelters to identify women who may be suffering from brain injuries . Workers will send them to Zieman 's clinic where their physical symptoms , such as headaches or dizziness , can be treated along with the cognitive and emotional effects of their abuse . Thanks to grants and private donations , Zieman says the care is free , whether or not people have insurance .
Ashley Bridwell , a social worker at Barrow , works hand in hand with Zieman to help survivors manage life with a brain injury . `` Some of these simple things like filling out an application or remembering an appointment , or being able to give a solid social or medical history— it 's close to impossible considering what they are experiencing , '' they say .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Will Stone for NPR Will Stone for NPR
Bridwell helped start the program six years ago after doing outreach to the homeless community and realizing many clients had traumatic brain injuries from domestic violence . They say patients often have long histories of emotional and physical abuse . Many have cognitive impairment from repeated mild traumatic brain injury .
Patients will sometimes arrive at their clinic with a constellation of seemingly unexplainable symptoms . Bridwell remembers one who lost their job because of them forgetfulness . The woman thought they had Alzheimer 's .
`` And for them to come in and get some information about head injury , and about how multiple hits to the head can impact your memory , your attention , your concentration , your speed of processing , it was incredibly validating for her , '' says Bridwell .
The diagnosis gave them a new way to talk about and understand their private struggle . `` They realize it 's not their fault , '' Bridwell says .
And Zieman says PTSD and trauma affect this population deeply .
`` The significance of the mood symptoms in this population far exceeds what we see in our other patients , '' they say .
Zieman says we 're still in the early stages of understanding the effects of repetitive brain injury and how we can better treat it . The trauma of domestic violence only complicates the picture , but the survivors they see remain their favorite to treat .
`` I feel that we can make the biggest difference for these patients , '' they say .
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR , KJZZ and Kaiser Health News . You can follow Will Stone on Twitter : @ WStoneReports .
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
After starting their season off with a pair of wins , the Lady Knight basketball team has yet to find another win , dropping their last two games this past week .
Losing all-around star guard , Janette Wadolowski , for possibly the rest of the season is one thing , but starting three freshmen in the varsity lineup is another . However , Southington coach Mike Forgione said that , regardless of their team 's experience , they still expect their team to compete .
“ We 're going to play teams that are a lot better than Weaver and Simsbury coming up , ” the coach said . “ I do n't want this to be an excuse or how they 're freshmen . I start five , they start five . Whether they 're a first-year student , juniors , or seniors , it is what it is . ”
Loss at Weaver
DEC. 19—Southington suffered its first loss of the season after falling , 74-58 , to Weaver at home on Monday . The Beavers held a 39-24 advantage at halftime , but pulled away with 24 points in the fourth quarter .
“ I thought we did a decent job attacking the rim and scoring , ” said Forgione . “ But defensively , we just had way too many breakdowns . We let them push us around with their athleticism . ”
Maggie Meehan ( 4 steals , 3 assists ) marshaled the offense with 38 points , including five three-pointers . Meehan also went 7-for-7 at the free throw line . Hartlee Meier added 11 points , seven rebounds , and three assists .
Southington committed 17 turnovers in the contest . Weaver turned the ball over 23 times .
Loss vs. Simsbury
DEC. 22—The Knights returned home a few days later to host Simsbury , but sustained their second-straight loss , 46-34 .
Southington trailed Simsbury by seven , 21-14 , at halftime , but trimmed the deficit to one point early in the third quarter . That 's when the Trojans scored an 8-0 run and a 6-0 run to put the game out of reach .
“ They 're a very controlled team and like to really work the ball around , ” said Forgione . “ We knew it was going to be a lower-scoring game . I felt that we could pull it out if we shot the ball better , but we just did n't shoot well . ”
Although the Trojans struggled with their jump shots , they beat the Knights from inside of the paint and controlled the post , scoring easy buckets off backdoor passes . Southington 's inexperienced showed on the court by the errant passes and number of turnovers the Knights forced .
“ Sometimes in a varsity game , it happens a lot faster when you 're young , ” the coach said . “ I think they know where to be at certain times on defense with their rotation , but they 're just a step slow getting there . You have to do it in the game and be physical . ”
Meehan paced the offense with 11 points . Hartlee Meier contributed with nine points .
“ We just have to continue to fight , ” said Forgione . “ Hopefully , we 'll get stronger and tougher . We wo n't give them second opportunities on the glass . We 'll also do a better job of bumping the cutters and being big inside , not giving them easy looks at the basket . ”
Although there is a lot of work still to be done and a learning curve to be developed , Forgione said that there is also potential .
“ I did see a little more out of Bri Harris and Madison Hulten , ” the coach said . “ They 're all trying . No one 's ever going to play for me and not give 100 percent . They would n't be on the floor , and I would n't tolerate it . ”
Southington will look to get back on track this week when they travel to Cheshire ( 0-4 ) on Friday , Dec. 30 . The Knights are currently 2-2 overall ( 1-1 in the CCC Central Blue ) .
To comment on this story or to contact sports writer Brian Jennings , email them at bjennings @ southingtonobserver.com .
MANILA ( Updated ) -- A passenger bus plunged into a 100-foot deep ravine in Carranglan , Nueva Ecija , late Tuesday morning , killing 26 people , police said .
Senior Inspector Robert De Guzman , Carranglan police officer-in-charge , said the vehicle was a Leo Maric bus bound for Candon City in Ilocos Sur and was carrying more than 40 passengers .
Michael Calma , chief of Nueva Ecija Provincial Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council , said 26 people were killed and 21 were injured .
The incident took place in Barangay Capintalan around 11 a.m. , they said .
Witnesses told police the bus was moving fast when the incident happened .
`` Total wreck ang bus , walang bubong at wala na rin ang mga tagalirin kaya tumilapon ang mga pasahero , '' said de Guzman .
They said that at least 40 persons were brought to Bambang Nueva Ecija hospital for treatment .
Dr. Napoleon Obaña , chief of medical professionals of Veterans Regional Hospital in Bayombong , Nueva Ecija , told radio dzMM that at least five people were brought to the hospital but only four of them survived . All four survivors were children , they said .
Dr. Arlene Jara , chief of Vizcaya Provincial Hospital , said 13 passengers were declared dead on arrival in their hospital , while 16 were injured .
Lawyer Aileen Lizada , spokesperson of Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board , said they are looking into suspending the two units registered under Leo Maric following the incident .
They said the ill-fated bus has a valid permit to operate .
The Cagayan Provincial Information Office shared in a Facebook post photos of the incident .
Facebook user Michael Angobung , municipal registrar of Tomauini town , Isabela province , posted a video of the rescue operations conducted by the Armed Forces of the Philippines , the Philippine National Police , and municipal disaster risk team .
Malacañang has expressed its sympathies and condolences to the families of the bus passengers who perished in the accident .
In a statement , Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella promised that those responsible for the accident will be held accountable .
`` We express our deep condolences to the families of the victims who died in the tragic bus accident in Carranglan , Nueva Ecija , '' Abella said .
`` Rescue operations and investigation are currently underway . We guarantee that the culprits behind the fatal bus mishap will be held accountable , '' they added . ( SunStar Philippines )
* * *
Like and follow SunStar Philippines on Facebook .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An ex-con dubbed the 'most handsome felon in the world ' has turned their life around since being released from prison .
And the good looking criminal is now raking in millions after their newfound fame launched them into a successful modelling career .
Jeremy Meeks hit headlines around the world when their 'dreamy ' police mugshot was posted online and went viral , sending everyone 's hearts a-flutter .
Since he 's been released from prison , the sexy 32-year-old has been keeping fans up to date through their social media feeds .
And snaps on Instagram reveal that he 's living the high life .
( Photo : Instagram/Jeremy Meeks )
Pictured posing in front of a massive mansion and beaming as they stand at the wheel of a £120,000 Maserati , Meeks looks the picture of happiness in the tell-all images .
They captioned the snaps : `` Good to be home '' and : `` God is good . ''
Candid snaps also show their happiness at being reunited with their family .
One image shows them hanging out in a plush kitchen with their young son , who they affectionately terms 'mini-me ' , and another shows them with their partner as they celebrate their anniversary .
`` Celebrating our 8 year anniversary today and 50 more to go , '' they captioned the snap .
( Photo : Instagram/Jeremy Meeks )
Meeks has also been keeping their fans up to date with a series of gorgeous topless shots , showing off their tattooed torso and muscled arms .
`` I LOVE this picture ! '' one fan commented on one of their shirt-less snaps .
`` No matter what you did always remember , `` every saint has a past , and every `` sinner '' has a future '' .
They added : `` You DESERVE this second chance ! ''
Another posted : `` Dude your life is dope now . Keep up the great work ! ''
`` You 're a real life example of bad things turning to be great things , '' a different fan wrote .
The leak of ‘ The Spoils of War'—Episode 4 of Game of Thrones Season 7—originated from Star India that streams the HBO hit show on Hotstar . Photo : AP
New Delhi : A Maharashtra cyber crime team on Monday arrested four people in connection with the leak of an episode of HBO 's TV series Game of Thrones . The arrested include a current and a former employee of Prime Focus Technologies , technology partner of TV broadcaster Star India Pvt . Ltd .
Star India currently owns the rights to air and stream various HBO titles , including Game of Thrones .
According to a statement released by Star India and Special Inspector General of Police ( cyber ) , Government of Maharashtra , a current Prime Focus employee had gained unauthorized access to the Game of Thrones episode and then leaked it ( with a former employee and two other people ) for public viewing on internet .
“ This is the first time in the history of Star India that an incident of this nature has occurred . We are deeply grateful to the police for their swift and prompt action , ” said Star India and Novi Digital Entertainment Pvt Ltd , a wholly owned subsidiary of Star India which owns Hotstar .
The episode titled The Spoils of War—Episode 4 of Game of Thrones Season 7—was originally scheduled to air in the US and India on 7 August at 7.30 am ( local time ) . However , the episode was leaked on the internet a couple of days before the official airing .
The leaked episode had a watermarked logo of Star India , indicating that the leak happened at broadcaster 's end .
“ Officers of the Cyber & PAW , Government of Maharashtra , conducted preliminary enquire , and basis the electronic trail and other technical material , zeroed in on Prime Focus Technologies—the agency contracted by Star India to manage the data , as being responsible for the illegal leakage of the episode , ” Special IGP ( cyber ) , Government of Maharashtra , said in a statement .
“ The unfortunate incident of leakage , perhaps , a first instance of cyber crime of its kind in India , has been handled with deft professionalism , ” the statement added .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Japanese hunters have sparked outrage after they caught 333 whales and killed 122 of them while pregnant , during a four month 'field survey ' .
The shocking figures were revealed in a report by the Asian country 's New Scientific Whale Research Program in the Antarctic Ocean .
The team 's mission saw 181 females and 152 males captured , with 53 of the former and 61 of the latter not yet full grown adult minkes .
Minkle whales are common in the Antarctic and measure up to 35ft in length , with a lifespan of up to 60 years .
Although Japan claims it 's much-criticised whaling programme is for scientific purposes , the UN branded it as `` lethal research '' four years ago .
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : Getty Images )
Whale meat from the expeditions are sold for consumption , with the country arguing it 's part of their cultural traditions .
The report , however , states that : `` The two main Objectives of NEWREP-A are I ) Improvements in the precision of biological and ecological information for the application of the RMP to the Antarctic minke whales , and II ) Investigation of the structure and dynamics of the Antarctic marine ecosystem through building ecosystem models . ''
( Image : Reuters )
Conservations have condemned the practice and the latest figures .
“ The killing of 122 pregnant whales is a shocking statistic and sad indictment on the cruelty of Japan 's whale hunt , '' said Alexia Wellbelove , Senior Program Manager at Humane Society International/Australia .
`` It is further demonstration , if needed , of the truly gruesome and unnecessary nature of whaling operations , especially when non-lethal surveys have been shown to be sufficient for scientific needs .
( Image : Reuters )
“ Whales are already facing substantial threats including bycatch in fisheries and marine pollution .
`` Significant conservation efforts are underway worldwide to address these issues , so the least Japan could do is put away the harpoons .
“ The continued killing of any whales is abhorrent to modern society , but these new figures make it even more shocking .
( Image : Reuters )
`` We look forward to Australia and other pro-conservation countries sending the strongest possible message to Japan that it should stop its lethal whaling programs . ”
The full details of the 18 page report , as submitted to the International Whaling Commission , are available here .
By The Associated Press
KABUL , Afghanistan ( AP ) — An Afghan official says that at least one police officer has been killed by a roadside bomb in eastern Logar province .
Salim Saleh , spokesperson for the provincial governor in Logar , said Monday that four other people including a district police commander and three road construction engineers were wounded in the blast .
Meanwhile at least six people were wounded in another explosion near the western city of Herat Sunday evening .
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attacks in Logar and Herat provinces .
OTTAWA — A surge in full-time work in September fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy 's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago , Statistics Canada said Friday .
The national unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent in September after Canada added 10,000 net new jobs , including 112,000 full-time positions .
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs , but last month 's net job gain was driven by growth in public-sector employment .
The September jobs report also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth . Compared to the year before , average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent , for the biggest increase since April 2016 .
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs , compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry .
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs , while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed , including unpaid workers in family businesses , fell by 800 .
CIBC chief economist Avery Shenfeld said the report showed Canada 's job market was `` ho-hum '' last month and in line with other signals of a moderation in economic growth .
They suggested that weighs against the probability of a third interest rate hike this year from the Bank of Canada .
`` Overall , the 10,000 pace is about what we would expect as a trend if GDP growth is tailing off to the two per cent range in the second half of the year , enough of a slowdown to keep the Bank of Canada on hold until 2018 , '' Shenfeld wrote in a research note to clients .
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and , compared to a year earlier , the province 's employment was 2.4 per cent higher . Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016 , the report said .
© Unknown
With the rise of the # MeToo movement and national crackdown on harassment in the workplace , a survey on office romance says love is not in the air when it comes to co-workers dating.CareerBuilder 's annual Valentine 's Day poll found that '' Office romance is experiencing a dip and whether it 's impacted by the current environment around sexual harassment or by workers not wanting to admit the truth , the fact remains that office romance has been around forever and will continue to be , '' CareerBuilder 's Rosemary Haefner said in a press release . While the survey shows a growing stigma around office relationships , 31 percent of workers who dated at work ended up getting married , according to the poll . `` The # MeToo movement is splashing cold water on whatever embers of romance are struggling to survive between men and women , '' Dr. Carole Lieberman told Reuters Careerbuilder cites the growing focus on inappropriate behavior in the workplace , exemplified by the dozens of high-profile male executives fired or forced to resign in the wake of sexual harassment claims . `` One good aspect of the # MeToo movement might be an increased emphasis on communication when it comes to sex and romance , '' said Liz Wolfe , managing editor of Young Voices.CareerBuilder recommends that workers avoid dating supervisors that they work for or subordinates that work for them . `` To avoid negative consequences at work , it 's important to set ground rules within your relationship that help you stay professional , '' Haefner , CareerBuilder 's chief of human resources adds .
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $ 472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $ 150,000 and $ 200,000 .
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining , titled `` Hot Day in Kensington Market , '' is one of 21 works in Kurelek 's `` Toronto '' series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family .
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek , `` Hauling Hay , '' fetched $ 94,400 .
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night 's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort , whose piece `` Smokestacks , Copper Cliff '' sold for $ 33,040 , which was six times its estimate of $ 3,000 and $ 5,000 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sir Richard Branson has fanned the flames of a long-running feud with the boss of British Airways , calling on Willie Walsh to settle a `` very public and painful '' £1 million bets .
The billionaire founder of Virgin Group is claiming victory after pitching the wager to Mr Walsh in 2012 that Virgin Atlantic would still exist in five years ' time .
However , the chief executive of BA-owner IAG refused to cede defeat , claiming the serial entrepreneur is the loser because they `` no longer owns or controls the business '' after giving up majority ownership earlier this year .
The initial terms of the bet were for the loser to pay £1 million bonus to the rival airline 's staff , but Mr Walsh wanted to shift them to a `` knee in the groin '' .
Writing on their Virgin blog , Sir Richard said it was time for the pair `` to settle this matter once and for all '' .
( Image : PA )
They said : `` Five years ago today , BA chief Willie Walsh wagered me a very public and painful bet . They bet that the Virgin Atlantic brand would disappear within five years . I disagreed .
`` He said that the loser should accept a 'knee in the groin ' .
`` Although people might be amused to see me give Willie a low blow , I ideally have no wish to do so .
`` So to settle this matter once and for all , and in the spirit of Christmas , I suggest they donate £1 million to Virgin Atlantic 's team .
`` If they do n't agree then we 'll just have to agree a time , date and place for the knee in the groin .
`` Once this is over ( one way or the other ) , lunch or dinner is on me , Willie , and perhaps we can draw a line under the past . ''
( Image : PA )
Sir Richard claims the public spat harks back to 1993 when BA was forced to apologise and stump up £500,000 to the billionaire - and a further £110,000 to their airline - following a libel battle .
However , the Virgin founder devised the bet 19 years later after Mr Walsh told reporters they thought Virgin Atlantic could disappear after Delta snapped up a 49 % stake in the airline .
Since then , Air France-KLM bought a 31 % stake in the airline in July , leaving Virgin Group with a 20 % share of the business .
Responding to Sir Richard 's latest blog post , Mr Walsh said : `` When Richard Branson sold out to Delta five years ago , they said they would never give up control .
`` As everyone knows , they no longer owns or controls the business , a reality confirmed by the decision to sell more of their shares to Air France . He 's lost the bet . ''
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang linked up with their new Arsenal team-mates on the training ground for the first time on Friday , ahead of the Gunners ' weekend clash with Everton .
The Gabon international , who is a Arsenal signed for £56million on deadline day , trained by themselves at London Colney on Thursday , in a bid to get match fit for Saturday 's fixture .
Aubameyang could make their debut for the north London club against the Toffees , and link up with their former Dortmund team-mate Henrikh Mkhitaryan .
Ahead of the match , here are five questions that need to be answered .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
1 . Will Aubameyang be playing on Saturday ?
We 'll start with the elephant in the room ; will Arsenal 's new £56million signing make their debut at the Emirates , and perhaps more importantly , will they hit the ground running ?
The fact the Gabon striker hit the training ground all by themselves on Thursday , before doing it all again with their team-mates on Friday , suggests they will definitely be playing for the Gunners on Saturday .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
But Wenger threw this into doubt in their press conference , when they announced that the player has been suffering with illness .
`` Certainly Mkhitaryan will start , '' said Wenger on Friday . `` That 's a possibility , yes . Aubameyang , I have to assess how they are physically today and how well they feel .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
`` He had sickness , a fever . They could n't train a lot , they started yesterday . They were still not completely well so I have to assess and see with the medical department how well and how fit they can be . ''
Whether they will start - or come off the bench - on Saturday remains a mystery , but it seems that regardless of what fate has in store for the 28-year-old , they are desperate to play .
2 . Will Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang rekindle a partnership ?
Another big question that Arsenal will be hoping is the case ; will Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang get on like they did all those years ago at Dortmund ?
Things have changed since then , of course , but there is no denying that the duo struck up a partnership in Germany , that worked to the Bundesliga giants ' favour on more than one occasion .
When asked the killer question on Friday , Wenger said : `` I hope so , yes . They know each other well . We are an offensive team , hopefully they can recreate that understanding . ''
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
Back in the 2015-2016 season Aubameyang found the back of the net 39 times while Mkhitaryan , who usually played a little deeper , scored 23 .
If the duo can get anywhere near these figures at Arsenal then Gunners fans are in for a few treats from here until the end of the season .
One potential issue is that both players - who you 'd think will be regulars in the first team - are attack-minded , which could leave Arsenal short at the back .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
Speaking about this on Sky Sports , Gary Neville said : `` Those four are so attacking I ca n't think of a defensive mind among them . I watched Mkhitaryan at United , they do n't defend .
`` Ozil , when they want to they can , but they do n't really want to put it in defensively . They 're going to leave huge spaces .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
`` The situation poses Wenger a problem they will have to try and resolve on the training pitch . That is the problem – how do you fit all four in the same team ?
`` I 'm not quite sure that will happen . It does n't look like a natural fit , so Arsene Wenger has got some big challenges on the training field to make those four into a unit that works . ''
3 . What does the future hold for Lacazette ?
The France international promised the world when Arsenal spent £52million on them in the summer , making them the most expensive purchase in their history .
But just a few months later and Wenger - who of course was forced to react to losing Alexis Sanchez - delved into the transfer market once again and spent even more on Aubameyang .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
The two players are similar in that they 're out-and-out forwards with plenty of pace and - when in form - have the ability to score goals for fun .
So you 'd think Wenger will be looking to play one over the other , which does n't look good for the 26-year-old former Lyon forward .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
What 's more Wenger refused to give the Frenchman any clarity over their future at the club in their Friday press conference , telling the media : `` I do n't reassure people . We are in a competitive world .
`` We have also chosen a job where there is competition , you have to fight for your place . ''
4 . What can we expect from Ozil ?
For so long Mesut Ozil 's future has been up in the air ; will they sign a new contract at Arsenal , will they return to Spain , will they join Manchester United ?
The German put all the speculation , rumour , and nonsense to bed this week when they penned a new £350,000-a-week contract at the Emirates - much to the delight of Gunners supporters .
The deal will see them remain an Arsenal player until 2021 , and means that the Gunners will enjoy the playmaker in their prime years .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
So what now ? Well , the German has previously been accused of 'being lazy ' or 'going missing ' in big games , which was used as apparent evidence that their mind was elsewhere and that they were going to leave .
This notion can no longer be thrown about , meaning fans will expect better and more consistent performances from the German .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
Not only this but because he 's now being paid £350,000-a-week - making them the highest paid player at the club by some margin - the board will expect the same .
Wenger confirmed the pressure to perform is now definitely on Ozil 's shoulder on Friday , saying : `` Many predicted they would n't commit and not sign .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
`` It is good news for us - if you can keep a player of that calibre is of course good news .
`` He has committed their future to the club at a period where we are in a tricky period . [ Now ] we expect them to take responsibility to lead the club to success . ''
5 . Will Cech bounce back against Everton ?
The goalkeeper , who has n't been in the best of form for a while now , had a game to forget in Arsenal 's embarrassing 3-1 defeat to Swansea City last time out .
Against the Swans , Nacho Monreal threw the ball back to Shkodran Mustafi , who laid it back to a hurried Cech in the Arsenal goal .
The shot-stopper could only scuff their clearance though , and a grateful Jordan Ayew prodded the loose ball into the net .
( Image : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
To make matters worse , Arsenal have since been linked with a move for Atletico Madrid keeper Jan Oblak .
The Slovenian is widely regarded to be one of the best shot-stoppers in the world , and would command a hefty transfer fee .
( Image : REUTERS )
But the Gunners have proved this January that they 're now willing to spend cash on transfer fees and pay large wages .
Cech needs to bounce back against Everton for the sake of their future at the club , or they might just find themselves on the scrapheap come June .
Commerce and industry minister Suresh Prabhu said there has been an exponential growth of e-commerce sector . File photo : Mint
New Delhi : The government on Tuesday decided to set up a task force to finalise the contours of a policy on the fast growing e-commerce sector , a top official said on Tuesday .
The decision to set up a task force was taken during the first meeting of the think tank on framework for National Policy on E-Commerce .
Briefing reporters after the meeting , commerce secretary Rita Teaotia said all the issues related to e-commerce including taxation , infrastructure , investments , technology transfer , data protection , regulations and competition were discussed . The think-tank was constituted under the chairpersonship of commerce and industry minister Suresh Prabhu .
“ The objective is to come out with a framework for an e-commerce policy , ” Teotia said . It was decided to set up a task force and sub-groups to deliberate upon all the concerned issues in detail , they said .
“ The task force will come out with a set of recommendations which would be brought before the think tank in five months . The think tank will give its report in six months , ” Teaotia said . They said that a policy is important in view of the issues being faced by the domestic industry .
They also said that a detailed national policy on the sector would help India in articulating its stand on e-commerce at the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) . Several developed economies including the US are keen on an agreement in the WTO on the e-commerce sector . India is participating in the ongoing technical negotiations on the issues in the WTO , but the subject is not on the formal negotiating table as the sector is at nascent stage in the country and developing countries want time to prepare themselves .
Prabhu said there has been an exponential growth of e-commerce sector . The domestic industry is going to grow and “ we must try to promote it and for that there is a need for a policy ” . E-commerce firms can play a greater global role , they added .
Senior officials of various ministries and departments , representatives from industry bodies , e-commerce companies , telecommunication and IT firms , RBI and independent experts participated in the meeting .
Issues discussed included aspects of e-commerce , digital economy , physical and digital infrastructure , regulatory regime , taxation policy , data flows , server localisation , intellectual property rights protection , FDI , and trade-related aspects .
Trai chairperson R.S . Sharma , who participated in the deliberation , said : “ We need to have a policy which ensures privacy and ownership , security of data. ” They said that with new taxation system and digital transactions increasing , there is a need to have proper data policy .
“ For e-commerce , digital infrastructure to flourish in India , we need to have robust connectivity infrastructure . Fortunately , we have large telecom players and 1.2 billion connections and 400 million Internet users , huge amount of data flow taking place . “ But I think we need to have much more fibre infrastructure so we need to have wired Internet more and there are certain suggestions which we have already given to the government , ” they added .
Several participants emphasised on the need to set up a regulator for the smooth functioning on the sector .
Rizzo , Schwarber lead Cubs to 5-3 victory over Tigers
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Pedro Strop , left , and first baseman Anthony Rizzo celebrate the team 's 5-3 win over the Detroit Tigers after a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Chicago . Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Pedro Strop , left , and first baseman Anthony Rizzo celebrate the team 's 5-3 win over the Detroit Tigers after a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Chicago . Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Image 2 of 5 Chicago Cubs ' Javier Baez , right , begins to celebrate with relief pitcher Pedro Strop , the team 's 5-3 win over the Detroit Tigers after Baez recorded the last out of the baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Chicago . less Chicago Cubs ' Javier Baez , right , begins to celebrate with relief pitcher Pedro Strop , the team 's 5-3 win over the Detroit Tigers after Baez recorded the last out of the baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in ... more Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Image 3 of 5 Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon , left , and bench coach Brandon Hyde , right , greet Kyle Schwarber at the dugout after Schwarber 's home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Chicago . The Cubs won 5-3. less Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon , left , and bench coach Brandon Hyde , right , greet Kyle Schwarber at the dugout after Schwarber 's home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers ... more Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Image 4 of 5 Detroit Tigers shortstop Jose Iglesias tags out Chicago Cubs ' Willson Contreras at second as Contreras tried to stretch their single to a double during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Chicago . less Detroit Tigers shortstop Jose Iglesias tags out Chicago Cubs ' Willson Contreras at second as Contreras tried to stretch their single to a double during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , ... more Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Image 5 of 5 Rizzo , Schwarber lead Cubs to 5-3 victory over Tigers 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Spotting opponents an early lead has n't been a problem lately for Anthony Rizzo and the Chicago Cubs .
Rizzo drove in their second run of the game in the seventh inning to snap a tie , Kyle Schwarber followed with a solo homer in the eighth and the Cubs rebounded from an early three-run deficit to edge the Detroit Tigers 5-3 on Tuesday for their fifth straight win .
The other team has scored first in each of Chicago 's recent victories , but the Cubs have kept chipping away .
`` We know we 're a good team , '' Rizzo said . `` We just have to string together good at-bats . ''
The Cubs did just that again on Tuesday .
With one out in the seventh , Jason Heyward and Ben Zobrist singled off Tigers reliever Daniel Stumpf ( 1-4 ) . Rizzo 's slow bouncer up the middle resulted in a force of Zobrist at second , but Jose Iglesias ' throw to first was too late to double up Rizzo and Heyward scored from third to put Chicago ahead for the first time , 4-3 .
Schwarber hit their team-leading 17th homer to right against a steady wind off Lake Michigan in the eighth .
Trailing 3-0 , Albert Almora , Jr. and Heyward each drove in a run with a double , then Rizzo followed with an RBI single in Chicago 's three-run fifth .
Rizzo has just one homer in their past 20 games — and 12 this season — after launching at least 31 in each of the past four seasons . But the Cubs slugger says the longball is n't always the best approach .
`` You get down and start battling @ two strikes , it 's not about hitting a homer , '' Rizzo said . `` It 's just about putting the ball in play and we 're doing a good job at that . ''
Justin Wilson ( 3-2 ) , the second of Chicago 's four relievers , pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Pedro Strop pitched a scoreless ninth for their second save in four chances .
The Cubs ' bullpen allowed just one hit after starter Kyle Hendricks labored through five innings , allowing three runs and seven hits in a no-decision . In their past six starts , the right-hander is 1-4 with a 6.75 ERA .
`` They did n't beat them up by any means today , '' manager Joe Maddon said . `` It 's just that it was n't a typical surgeon-like procedure from Kyle . They look good , he 's just not executing . ''
Detroit leadoff hitter Mikie Mahtook had three singles and scored a run . Niko Goodrum drove in a run with a double , and Jeimer Candelario and James McCann each had an RBI as the Tigers lost their 12th game in their past 14 .
Tigers starter Michael Fulmer went six innings and allowed three runs — all in the fifth — and seven hits .
`` He had really good stuff , '' manager Ron Gardenhire said . `` He got a couple of pitches up a bit , but they kind of put them in the right place .
`` It was n't like they were lashing them , but they put them on the outfield grass , kind of like what we did to them early . ''
The Tigers jumped out to a 2-0 lead in the first . After Mahtook and Nick Castellanos led off with singles , Candelario drove in a run with a groundout . Goodrum 's double to the right-field corner scored the second run .
The Tigers added a run in the fourth on McCann 's RBI single .
The Cubs tied it 3-all in the fifth . Pinch-hitter Tommy LaStella , Almora and Heyward led off with consecutive doubles to cut it to 3-2 , then Rizzo 's hit with one out tied it .
WINDY CITY TIGER
INF/OF Jim Adduci , called up from Triple-A Toledo on Sunday , was in Detroit 's lineup at first base and singled and scored in their first game this season . The 33-year-old attended Evergreen Park High School in Chicago 's south suburbs and grew up a fan of both the Cubs and White Sox . Adduci 's father , also named Jim , played a total of 70 games with three major league teams in the 1980s and was at Wrigley Field on Tuesday .
TRAINER 'S ROOM :
Cubs : INF/OF Kris Bryant ( left shoulder inflammation ) probably will return Wednesday or Friday , Maddon said after the game . The Cubs star has been sidelined since June 22 . ... RHP Yu Darvish ( right triceps inflammation , right elbow impingement/inflammation ) rejoined the Cubs after seeing Dr. Keith Meister in Texas on Friday and getting a cortisone shot . Maddon said they still had n't yet talked to the right-hander about their progress following the injection .
UP NEXT :
Tigers LHP Francisco Liriano ( 3-4 . 3.99 ) takes the mound against Cubs LHP Jose Quintana ( 6-6 . 4.31 ) on Wednesday afternoon in the finale of the two-game interleague set . Liriano has lost both of their starts since coming off the disabled list ( right hamstring strain ) on June 23 . Quintana has two losses and three no-decisions in their past five starts and has n't won since May 31 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FLINT , Mich. ( AP ) — A Michigan official testified Friday that they told Gov . Rick Snyder about a deadly Legionnaires ' disease outbreak in the Flint area late in 2015 , contradicting the governor who has repeatedly insisted that they did n't learn about it until some weeks later in 2016 .
Harvey Hollins , who was coordinating the state 's response to the Flint water crisis , said they asked Snyder by phone in December 2015 if they were aware of the outbreak , which some experts have linked to the city 's poor water quality .
“ He was not aware of that , ” said Hollins , a Snyder appointee .
The governor , however , told Congress and the public that they were in the dark until Nick Lyon , their state health director , informed them in January 2016 . They held a news conference and announced the outbreak .
The issue emerged as Hollins testified at a court hearing involving Lyon , head of the Department of Health and Human Services . Lyon is charged with involuntary manslaughter in one man 's death and misconduct in office . Prosecutors say they failed to alert the public quickly about Legionnaires ' .
A judge must decide whether to send Lyon to trial . It 's not clear how Hollins ' testimony about the governor would help persuade Judge David Goggins . The hearing resumes on Nov. 1 .
“ I needed to show probable cause in this case and that 's what I 'm going to ( do ) , about what happened and what failed to happen , ” special prosecutor Todd Flood said after the hearing .
Snyder 's spokesperson , Anna Heaton , declined to comment . U.S. Rep. Dan Kildee , a Democrat from the Flint area , said they want a House committee to re-examine the governor 's Capitol Hill testimony from 2016 about the timeline .
Earlier Friday , a pediatrician who was a member of a state task force on Flint water said Lyon was “ glib ” and “ dismissive ” when they asked them about Legionnaires ' .
“ With about 35 years of experience , you get a feeling for when you 're getting the whole story , part of the story or a variation thereof , ” Dr. Lawrence Reynolds testified .
Fifteen people have been charged in the investigation of how Flint 's water system became poisoned after the city used the Flint River for 18 months . The water was n't treated to reduce corrosion . As a result , lead leached from old pipes .
Nearly 100 Legionnaires ' cases , including 12 deaths , were also detected while Flint was using the river in 2014-15 . Legionnaires ' is a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria , called legionella , that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Temporary closures at Mororo for the Woolgoolga to Ballina Pacific Highway upgrade Roads and Maritime Services
AS WORK on a new overpass at Chatsworth Road North , Mororo has now started and to finish the road connections to the overpass , Chatsworth Road North and part of the Mororo Bridge will be temporarily closed from Monday July 9 for up to six weeks , weather permitting .
The new roads are being built higher than the existing local roads . This closure will allow the project team to work on realigning , levelling and connecting the new and old local roads . For the safety of motorists and workers this work can not be completed under live traffic .
During the temporary closure of part of the Mororo Bridge , there will be no access from Chatsworth Road North to the Pacific Highway - all traffic will be detoured via Chatsworth Road South .
Typically , work will be carried out during the project 's approved construction hours , which are : 7am-6pm Monday-Friday , 8am-5pm Saturdays
Nearby residents will be notified at least five working days in advance of any activities scheduled outside of these working hours .
The project team has been working with Busways on the temporary closure of Chatsworth Road North . Bus services will follow the same detour as shown on the map .
If the Woolgoolga to Ballina Pacific Highway upgrade work finishes early , then access to Chatsworth Road North and Mororo Bridge will be open to traffic during the day .
During this closure , Roads and Maritime Services will also be carrying out night maintenance work on the Mororo Bridge . This work will start on Thursday 6 August and take about two weeks to complete , weather permitting . Work will be carried out between 6pm and 7am .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook ( all times local ) :
7:35 p.m .
A vigil has been held in Cleveland for the victim of a deadly shooting that was videotaped and then posted on Facebook .
Dozens of family , friends and community members gathered Monday evening to remember 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr . They carried flowers and balloons and hugged and comforted each other , while urging an end to the violence on their city streets .
Police say 37-year-old Steve Stephens killed Godwin Sunday afternoon in what appeared to be a random shooting while the retiree was picking up aluminum cans . Stephens then uploaded the gruesome video of the killing to Facebook .
Authorities are searching multiple states for Stephens , who is considered armed and dangerous . A $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the capture and prosecution of him .
___
3:45 p.m .
Authorities searching multiple states for a suspect in the deadly shooting of a Cleveland man say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting .
Cleveland 's police chief said Monday that only Steve Stephens knows the answer .
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree picking up aluminum cans Sunday and then posted a video of the killing on Facebook .
In the video , Stephens names a woman and tells the victim , Robert Godwin Sr. , that `` she 's the reason that this is about to happen to you . ''
Authorities say Stephens is considered armed and dangerous and could be anywhere .
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams says authorities have already searched every location Stephens has been associated with in the Cleveland area .
___
3:15 p.m .
Police in Philadelphia say they have `` no indication '' that the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland is in Philadelphia .
Authorities said multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday reporting that Steve Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park , a large green expanse northwest of downtown .
Officers were sent to check the area , and police say eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down as a precaution .
But police later said `` there is no indication that the subject is at that location , or anywhere in the city of Philadelphia . ''
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook .
___
2:10 p.m .
Police in Philadelphia say schools have been locked down as they investigate reported sightings of the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland . But authorities also say there is no indication that Steve Stephens is in Philadelphia .
Authorities say multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday claiming that Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park , a large green expanse northwest of downtown .
Officers are checking the area , and police say eight elementary schools and a high school are on lockdown as a precaution .
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook .
Philadelphia is a more-than-six-hour drive from Cleveland .
___
11:50 a.m .
A former girlfriend of the suspect in the slaying of an elderly Cleveland man has told CBS News in a text that 37-year-old Steve Stephens was `` a nice guy '' who was generous to everyone and was `` kind and loving '' to them and their children .
Joy Lane says Monday they had a relationship for several years with Stephens , now the target of a nationwide manhunt for the Easter slaying .
Stephens , in a video they posted to Facebook , mentions Lane 's name to 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and says they are `` the reason that this is about to happen to you '' before the random attack .
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams says Lane is cooperating with authorities and is being protected .
___
11:05 a.m .
A spokesperson for the behavior health facility where the suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked says the man underwent an extensive FBI background check before being hired in 2008 .
Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer says Monday there was nothing in the background check for 37-year-old Steve Stephens that caused any concerns .
Kortemeyer says Stephens ' job since 2015 as a vocational specialist involved preparing youth and young adults ages 16-25 for employment .
Stephens had referred to themselves as a case manager . Kortemeyer says they did have a caseload of clients that they managed .
Authorities say Stephens did not have a criminal record .
Officials say Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday and posted the gruesome video on Facebook .
___
10:45 a.m .
A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says they were a gentle person , with nothing mean about him .
Debbie Godwin says their father , 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. , was shot Sunday afternoon while they were picking up aluminum cans . They say they `` was n't harming anyone . ''
Authorities are telling people in Cleveland , as well as Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan , to be on the lookout for the suspect , 37-year-old Steve Stephens .
Cleveland 's police chief is telling residents to be careful .
Debbie Godwin says their father was retired and had 10 children . They say they spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things they loved most , fishing in Lake Erie .
___
10:25 a.m .
The behavioral health facility where a suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked has closed Monday out of concern for the safety of employees , clients and visitors
A spokesperson for Beech Brook , in suburban Pepper Pike , issued a statement Monday that says 37-year-old suspect Steve Stephens has been employed there since 2008 and has been a vocational specialist in a program for youth and young adults since 2015 .
The statement says both the Pepper Pike facility and a drop-in center in Cleveland are closed and that a decision will be made later Monday about when they will reopen .
___
9:30 a.m .
Authorities on the hunt for a suspect who they say fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say their last known location was at the shooting site .
Police and the FBI in Cleveland said Monday that the suspect , 37-year-old Steve Stephens , could still be in the city or in surrounding states .
Chief Calvin Williams says detectives talked with Stephens by cellphone Sunday after they shot 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. but have n't had contact since .
Authorities are telling people in Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout . They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous .
Cleveland 's police chief says officers have searched dozens of places since the shooting Sunday and told residents to go about their business , but be careful .
___
7 a.m .
Cleveland police searching for the suspect who fatally shot an elderly passerby in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say no more victims have been found , despite the shooter 's claim that they killed over a dozen people .
Police said Monday that they 've found no evidence of other slayings linked to the suspect , 37-year-old Steve Stephens . They planned to provide updates on the search at a news conference later Monday morning .
They say Stephens may have left Ohio , and they 're urging people in Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout . They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous .
He 's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland .
The FBI is helping with the investigation .
___
2:05 a.m .
Police in Ohio are urging residents in surrounding states on Monday to be on alert for a man who they say shot and killed an elderly passerby and then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook .
Thirty-seven-year-old Steve Stephens is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland .
In a statement early Monday , police warned residents of Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens , who they say should be considered armed and dangerous .
In a separate video posted on Facebook , Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people . Police say they have not verified any other shootings or deaths .
The FBI is assisting in the investigation .
They might not like OMB 's approach , but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Grime star Stormzy was forced to halt their gig at Boardmasters Festival as a `` dangerous '' crowd surge left fans screaming in terror .
Dramatic footage shows gig-goers visibly shaken as young fans shrieked with panic at the Newquay music and surfing showpiece .
Video posted on Facebook shows the moment trouble started as people are urged to `` get up '' to avoid being crushed .
It led the Gang Signs & Prayer singer to briefly stop their performance while the audience calmed down .
Witnesses have criticised the way crowd control was handled in the lead up to the surge as it was claimed some fans passed out and suffered broken bones , Cornwall Live reports .
( Image : EMPICS Entertainment )
( Image : EMPICS Entertainment )
One person wrote : `` Yet again . This happened two years ago when Faithless were on . This is so dangerous and something should be done before someone is seriously hurt . ''
Ellie Wookey wrote : `` I was there at the front with my friends , we had waited for four hours to see Stormzy and we all had to be lifted over the barrier .
`` It was one of the scariest moments of my life , people were pulled out having passed out and I saw people with broken bones , it 's really not okay .
`` I understand it is difficult to stop those people causing all the problems but that was very very dangerous and I 'm very lucky I was n't hurt . ''
Boardmasters said on its official Facebook page : `` Due to massive excitement at the start of Stormzy 's set tonight , there was a brief surge at the front of the audience .
( Image : AFP )
`` Those involved were immediately assisted by the pit team .
`` We would like to extend our thanks to Stormzy for briefly pausing their set to calm the audience . ''
One person commented : `` I 'm so glad Stormzy paused for everyone and I know they were supported by the crowd in this . Unfortunately things like this do happen at festivals and what matters is that Boardmasters and Stormzy acted accordingly .
( Image : Boardmasters/Tim Borrow )
Another added : `` It was ridiculous the amount of people pushing to get to the front it became quite dangerous so much so we ended up moving right to the back but yes good on you Stormzy .
It is not known how many injuries were caused as a result .
Mirror Online have approached Boardmasters for comment .
The Football Association has given Manchester United and Manchester City until Wednesday to reply to a request for observations following reports of ugly scenes after City 's 2-1 win at Old Trafford .
United manager Jose Mourinho and City goalkeeper Ederson are reported to have had a confrontation after the game , while it is claimed Mourinho had milk and water thrown at them from the away dressing room .
The home side is understood to have taken exception to City 's post-match celebrations and an altercation – involving up to 20 players and staff in the crowded corridor leading to the dressing rooms – is believed to have left City coach Mikel Arteta with a head wound .
Referee Michael Oliver did not witness the scenes , so the FA has not received a report on the matter from him .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Now the buzz of a new iPhone and Christmas is over , the world is prepping for the arrival of a new Samsung phone .
So much so that Carphone Warehouse and Mobiles.co.uk have both already launched their pre-registration pages for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 amid the excitement .
This means that you 'll be first in line to hear about and pre-order the handset as soon as it lands .
To make sure that you 're in the priority list , you 'll need to enter your email address on Carphone Warehouse 's pre-reg page - or Mobiles.co.uk 's version - and they 'll ping you a message when the big news is announced .
( Image : Androidandme.com )
While Samsung confirmed at the beginning of the month that it will take the wraps off both the Galaxy S9 and the Galaxy S9 Plus on February 25th at Mobile World Congress ( MWC 2018 ) in Barcelona , Spain , most reports suggest that pre-orders will open on March 2nd .
Expected to retail for around the £650 mark , it wo n't be too much more expensive than its predecessor , and will mean a big price difference between the latest handset and its immediate competitor , the £999 iPhone X .
While there 's still very little news on what to actually expect from the new device , apart from the fact the new phone will have increased camera performance .
But if you want to read more rumours about what to expect from Samsung 's offering , we 'll be updating this page with all the latest tip-offs and rumours as they 're spotted .
It 's been almost 10 years since guitarist and singer Shane Parsons joined forces with drummer Simon Ridley to form DZ Deathrays , a scuzzy dance-punk band they ­started with the humble aim of playing at mates ' house parties in Brisbane . The pair ­quickly exceeded those modest ambitions , with their first two EPs – Ruined My Life and Brutal Tapes – earning critical praise and Triple J airplay on the back of songs such as The Mess Up , Blue Blood and Teeth .
The band quickly became regulars on the festival circuit , playing Big Day Out , Parklife and Sunset Sounds before they 'd released their debut album , Bloodstreams , in 2012 . Much to their surprise , that ­release went on to win the ARIA for Best Hard Rock/Heavy Metal album , beating off more established acts such as Frenzal Rhomb . Their 2014 foll­ow-up , Black Rat , scored the band ­another ARIA Award and spawned the ­single Gina Works at Hearts , which made that year 's Triple J Hottest 100 .
DZ Deathrays have since released a couple of standalone singles – the chunky , riff-laden Blood on My Leather , with an ­accompanying video starring comedian Arj Barker , as Satan ; and melodic rocker Pollyanna , but as Parsons and Ridley tell Qweekend , they 're relieved to finally have their third album , Bloody Lovely , in the can . “ We were n't anticipating four years between ­albums , it just kind of ended up that way , ” Parsons says . “ We had a hectic touring schedule for the first two years with Black Rat , so it just took that long , unfortunately . ”
“ Then some really good stuff came about , ” Ridley adds . “ We did ( US music conference ) South by Southwest again and then straight into the Groovin the Moo and then the Violent Soho ( support ) tour . It was a really good year for us in 2016 for touring – we did Europe and then America with ( Brisbane band ) Dune Rats . ”
Parsons and Ridley are originally from Bundaberg , but it was n't until the two reconnected in Brisbane that they started playing together . These days , Parsons calls Sydney home , while Ridley still lives in the River City . “ We 've changed the way we 've written ( songs ) over the years but maybe for the better , ” Parsons says . “ We do n't ­always write over email ; every couple of months we 'll spend a week at the rehearsal room jamming and coming up with ideas , and we 'll take those home and record them ourselves and get them into demo form . ”
A few tracks from the album – Shred for Summer , Bad Influence and Total Meltdown – have been getting steady airplay on ­Triple J ahead of its release . When asked if they have any other particular ­favourites from Bloody Lovely , Parsons names Over It , a song that came out of a co-writing session with Sydney band Polish Club 's singer and guitarist David Novak . “ It 's like a really basic break-up song with no substance to it at all , but I quite like that you can write a break-up song if you 're not even breaking up with somebody . ”
As well as releasing Bloody Lovely , DZ Deathrays have just played one of the biggest shows of their career , opening for US rockers Foo Fighters at Brisbane 's Suncorp Stadium . “ We could never have imagined playing there when we started the band , ” Ridley says .
They 're “ working on another album , as we speak ” , and Parsons is confident it wo n't be as long a wait ­between Bloody Lovely and its follow-up .
DZ Deathrays , The Triffid , Newstead , May 25
Women 's work and dignity is often threatened by violence and hatred which tears families and societies apart , Pope Francis said on Friday .
They were addressing members of the Pontifical Council for Inter-religious Dialogue at their annual plenary assembly .
Understanding women 's essential role is fundamental to understanding how to find and keep to “ the path of humanity toward peace and fraternity ; a path which is not at all obvious and clear , but marked by difficulty and obstacles , ” Francis said .
During the meeting , council members considered the theme : “ the role of women in educating in universal fraternity . ”
Francis said in their view women 's role in promoting interfaith dialogue is essential .
Women are naturally capable of building relationships and fraternity , and “ transform the human family ” , they noted .
They said this makes them necessary everywhere in society .
“ Today more than ever it 's necessary that women are present , ” Francis said .
“ Woman , possessing special characteristics , can offer an important contribution to dialogue with their ability to listen , to welcome and to generously open themselves to others . ”
They also pointed out women do and should contribute to religious and theological discussions at the highest levels , alongside their male counterparts .
Francis said unfortunately the female educator in universal fraternity “ is blurred and often unrecognized due to many evils that afflict this world and which , in particular , affect women in their dignity and in their role ” .
In this respect they noted women and children are the most frequent victims of present-day “ blind violence ” .
Source
News category : World .
West Lincoln 's mayor planned to move forward with their request for an extra Niagara regional councillor for the township Monday during a face-to-face meeting with Ontario 's Minister of Municipal Affairs .
Douglas Joyner was scheduled to meet with Minister Bill Mauro Monday at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario conference in Ottawa , where local politicians and those throughout the province are gathered until Wednesday .
Joyner 's request to change the composition of Regional council by adding an extra member was emailed to the minister on July 21 .
“ I wanted the opportunity just to put the letter in their hand and more or less say to him , ‘ Look , West Lincoln is ready to go . The Niagara Region has given its blessing ' , ” Joyner said Monday by phone from Ottawa . “ Please sooner than later sign off on this , so that we can begin the next steps . ”
Joyner told Regional council on July 21 that they wanted another regional representative for West Lincoln because its population is anticipated to double in the next 25 years .
West Lincoln and Wainfleet are the only two municipalities in the region with only one representative on regional council — their mayors .
The 31-member body is made up of the chair , 12 mayors and 18 members elected from 10 Niagara municipalities .
Niagara Regional council agreed to ask the province for permission to begin the process to change the size of council .
If the province grants that authority , the region would have to hold at least one public meeting . It would then have to go through a “ triple majority ” process . A majority of regional councillors would have support the idea and the majority of Niagara 's 12 municipalities , representing the majority of the population , would have to support it .
That 's sure to set off debate within the various municipalities .
St. Catharines city councillor Bruce Williamson , who represents Port Dalhousie , is already planning to ask for a city staff report at the city 's Aug. 21 meeting in anticipation of the issue coming to council .
Williamson said St. Catharines citizens are under-represented at the Region and city council needs factual information about the state of representation by population in Niagara Regional government when it deals with Joyner 's request .
They said Pelham received an extra seat a few years ago and at the time St. Catharines was told the inequity it faced would be addressed next .
“ It never was , ” they said . “ Now we 've got an even smaller town with much superior representation comparatively , wanting another seat to get even more representation . It flies in the face of common sense . ”
While Williamson said he 's in favour of representation by population , they do n't think the region needs more politicians . They said there may be another governance model they can explore , but it wo n't be in time for the next election .
St. Catharines has six regional councillors plus the mayor . Its 2016 population was 133,113 , compared to West Lincoln 's 14,500 .
Joyner is aiming to have the process for an extra West Lincoln councillor done by Dec. 31 , which is the deadline for changes for the 2018 election .
kwalter @ postmedia.com
Follow @ karena_standard
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A three-year-old boy has been killed after being hit by a tractor .
Emergency services were called to the scene in Crossgates , Fife shortly after 5pm yesterday .
However , despite the attention of medics they were later pronounced dead .
A Scottish Ambulance Service spokesperson told the Scottish Sun : “ We received a call at 5.17pm yesterday evening over an incident at Crossgates in Fife .
“ We sent out multiple resources and the first unit arrived at 5.21pm . ”
A Health and Safety Executive spokesperson said : “ I can confirm HSE is aware and making initial enquiries . ”
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho clashed with Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson following Manchester United 's derby defeat on Sunday .
The Red Devils boss is said to have had milk and water thrown at them during the ruckus , although these claims have been refuted by City chiefs .
According to sources , Mourinho entered the away dressing-room to complain about the loud music that could be heard playing from it .
The Portuguese is said to have found the celebrations both excessive and disrespectful , and went to tell the Citizens players to tone it down .
( Image : PA )
They are then said to have engaged in a spat with the Manchester City goalkeeper in their native tongue of Portuguese , after Ederson pulled up the Red Devils boss for overstepping the mark by entering their domain .
This spat is then believed to have spiralled out of control , as milk and water was allegedly thrown at the Man United boss .
( Image : Getty )
Onlookers were apparently unable to translate what Mourinho and Ederson said to each other during the heated argument .
But according to reports , the Red Devils manager later shouted at the keeper in English , saying : `` You f * * * * * * show respect . Who are you ? ''
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
David Silva opened the scoring for Manchester City on Sunday , netting from close-range following a Romelu Lukaku knock-down in the box .
But the Red Devils equalised through Marcus Rashford , and the two sides went into the break level .
( Image : PA )
In the second half Manchester City continued to take the game to their rivals , and restored their lead through Nicolas Otamendi .
Pep Guardiola 's men later toned down their attacking play as Gabriel Jesus made way for Eliaquim Mangala , and saw out the game to take all three points .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Floyd Mayweather Jr has denied speculation they are set to come out of retirement for a superfight with Conor McGregor .
The undefeated , five-division former World champion called time on their career in 2015 after moving to 49-0 against Andre Berto .
The 39-year-old has reportedly been in discussions to take on the UFC 's pound-for-pound superstar Conor McGregor in a boxing ring , but has taken to social media to put the record straight .
`` There seems to be several rumours floating around the media recently however , let the record show , there has n't been any deals made in regards to a fight between myself and any other fighters , '' Mayweather said in a statement on social media .
`` I am happily retired and enjoying life at this time . If any changes are to come , be sure that I will be the first to let the world know . ''
Mayweather later released a second statement that was similarly worded , only adding that no deal had been made on their behalf .
This statement contradicted reports from the Nevada State Athletic Commission chairperson that `` real discussions '' have been held with the `` real players involved . ''
( Photo : Getty Images North America )
McGregor has failed to hide their intentions though , despite five fights remaining on their existing UFC contract .
They said : `` I 'm going to go to Las Vegas , get my boxing license and then we see where the f * * * Floyd 's at .
`` I have my eyes on one thing and that 's Floyd Mayweather . ''
Dare to dream was the mantra as Burnley fought to gain promotion to the Premier League for the first time in 2009 .
There was even a song released , written by nine-year-old Jasmine Clarkson and Andrew Gilmour , with over 400 fans providing backing vocals to the track .
Fast forward nine years , and supporters are dreaming of a foray into Europe for the first time in over 50 years .
Indeed , if Burnley beat Stoke City at Turf Moor tonight , they will go into the Champions League places , for 24 hours at least .
Boss Sean Dyche has no problem with fans singing from the rooftops about their high hopes , but they admit they will stay grounded in reality for now .
Dyche said : “ Dreams are for fans , without doubt , that 's part the magic of football .
“ Reality is for managers , that 's what I think .
“ Delivering what you can deliver is important , but you want dreams , to see your team giving everything and getting accolades and wins .
“ That 's what fans want , and I think they 're really enjoying the journey of Burnley since I 've been here , I do n't get many who question the whole thing .
“ My job is to look at the realities , but the positive side of the realities .
“ There is a challenge in the Premier League , it 's an unforgiving place , but the positive side is our players are getting more assured , growing and understanding it better .
“ They 're delivering better performances .
“ But you always want that , fans to be open-minded about the what ifs , the possibilities and probables .
“ The possibles are what Leicester did , they kept a mindset of anything is achievable .
“ That 's the beauty of the game .
“ Man City have a probable chance of winning the league , but it does n't mean it 's a given , so all fans should carry on dreaming , but stick with it if there are some tough times . ”
The Clarets sit seventh with 28 points after 16 games , with what many onlookers felt would be a scrap for survival looking an awful long way over their shoulders .
Is it hard for Dyche to keep their and their players ' feet on the ground : “ I do n't think so , I speak to enough Burnley people who are well aware of the complexities of the Premier League , they know it 's still a big challenge .
“ What we 're doing is great and they 're enjoying it , but they know ... some of our fans will have only seen us in the last four seasons , three in the Premier League and one in a team which won the Championship , so their thoughts will be different to those who were here when we were selling Charlie Austin .
“ But if you bring them together , I think there 's a pretty balanced view of it , certainly from the ones I speak to , what we are , what we 're trying to be , the fact we are moving forward , and the rest will take care of itself . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A British university student was killed after they fell from a fourth-floor balcony at a flat in Spain following a St Patrick 's Day party with friends , police say .
James Walton is thought to have died instantly after they plunged head-first onto a pavement below an apartment block in Palma , Majorca , in the early hours on Sunday .
The 23-year-old was a languages student at Sheffield Hallam University who was on a placement year on the Spanish island at the time of their death .
Friends began to pay tribute to James on social media hours after the tragedy , with one pal posting videos of them dancing at nightspots .
Londoner James had been in Palma since last September and was working as a global loyalty intern at Melia Hotels International .
They were in their third year of a BA ( Honours ) degree in languages with international business in Spanish .
( Image : SOLARPIX.COM )
Police believe James , who spoke German as well as Spanish , lost their balance after a drunken St Patrick 's Day party with friends they were working with at the hotel chain and others visiting from the UK .
A post-mortem due to take place today was expected to confirm they had been drinking heavily before the tragedy and that alcohol may have played a part in what happened .
The results of the post-mortem will not be made public , as is normal in Spain .
A passer-by alerted the emergency services just after 6am yesterday after discovering James lying on the pavement in a street in the centre of Palma called Calle Aragon , near the city 's famous El Corte Ingles department store .
Efforts by paramedics to revive them failed and they were pronounced dead at the scene .
It emerged yesterday - before their name came out - that their friends were unaware they had fallen until police knocked on their door to inform them .
They have been questioned as part of a routine inquiry led by an investigating judge in Palma but confirmed they had been drinking and did not see their friend fall .
A well-placed source said : “ They had been partying in the flat and there were bottles of alcohol lying around .
“ It was St Patrick 's Day on Saturday and they had been celebrating .
“ The friends confirmed the dead man 's identity after being informed about what had happened .
“ Two of the men inside the apartment were living there and another two were visiting .
“ They were n't aware of what had happened till police knocked on their door . ”
( Image : SOLARPIX.COM )
James , who grew in Ealing , west London , and was educated at Twyford Church of England School in nearby Acton , had started at Sheffield Hallam University in 2015 and was due to graduate next year .
Friend and colleague Maja Jaroszewska , also currently based at the same hotel group James was an intern at , posted a series of heart emojis on their Facebook alongside a link to a news report about the tragedy .
They added later in the day , alongside a series of video posts of James showing off their dance moves and a picture of a photo of them pinned to a tree above flowers left at the spot where they died : “ Our amazing James .
“ Words ca n't describe how heartbroken we feel to have lost you so soon and so unexpected .
“ You are forever in our hearts . We will remember you , doing your amazing dance moves and winning dance offs with strangers .
“ Thank you for being in my life . ”
A spokesperson for Spain 's National Police confirmed ahead of the post-mortem there was nothing to indicate the man 's death was the result of a crime .
They said : “ At this point in time everything is pointing towards it being accidental . ”
A spokesperson for the Foreign Office said : “ We are in touch with local police and are providing bereavement advice to their family , following the death of a British man in Majorca . ”
A Sheffield Hallam University spokesperson said : `` We are extremely saddened to hear that one of our students has tragically died whilst on placement in Spain .
`` We are offering support to the student 's family and friends as well as to our staff and students at the University and our deepest sympathies go out to them at this extremely sad and difficult time .
“ We are continuing to liaise with the authorities to ascertain the circumstances surrounding this terrible incident . ”
A spokesperson for Melia Hotels International said James ' colleagues and bosses had held a minute 's silence this morning .
They said today : “ We are deeply affected by the death of our colleague James in a tragic accident .
“ All we can say is that during their months at this company they have been a great worker and companion , considerate , responsible and talented .
“ His colleagues and managers have held a minute 's silence this morning in their memory . ”
The Fort Worth Police Department found a body inside a vacant home in the 6400 block of Woodway Drive in southwest Fort Worth . Police said they received a tip about the body at the location from the Arlington Police Department .
Last July , the Skeleton Clique ( AKA Twenty One Pilots fans ) thought Twenty One Pilots ' Twitter page was teasing something huge , and it seems like they 've been hard at work to crack the code ever since .
Literally . Fans have been finding what they see as clues hidden in the lyrics of Blurryface songs and chasing down other leads to come up with a new theory : that a TOP album is going to drop this year .
AltPress gathered all of this intel , and we 're relaying some of the most important information to you .
Over the weekend , the Skeleton Clique 's Instagram story tagged a @ sarajsfish , whose below post is captioned with a sequence of 5 dots followed by 1 single dot , leading fans to believe a new song could be coming May 1 .
•••••.• A post shared by sara fish ( @ sarajsfish ) on Apr 22 , 2018 at 8:42pm PDT
The second big theory ? The band 's next album might be set for a July 13 release . How could one possibly know this , you ask ? According to the same AltPress article , fans realized that searching select keywords on the Twenty One Pilots website yielded the below results . ( Pay close attention to the last one . )
So Not Sure If People Have Seen This But If You Search Friday On TOP Website , This Comes Up @ AltPress @ twentyonepilots @ joshuadun # TylerJoseph pic.twitter.com/x5yQzsWFGR — Carlos herrera ( @ Carlosrafael182 ) April 23 , 2018
We ca n't be too sure , but the Skeleton Clique may or may not be on to something .
The AltPress investigation is way more involved than this , and you can catch every last detail of their sleuthing here .
Industry stars open up about working with Weinstein The West Australian
The disgraced producer is at the centre of one of Hollywood 's biggest scandals .
Photo By Sgt . Jacob Kohrs | While being part of the oppositional forces , Pfc . Mykaela Lamaster from 308th Brigade ...... read more Photo By Sgt . Jacob Kohrs | While being part of the oppositional forces , Pfc . Mykaela Lamaster from 308th Brigade Support Battalion , 17th Field Artillery Brigade fires at a convoy conducting a training evaluation at Yakima Training Center , Wash. , April 8 , 2017 . OpFor represents enemy forces to help give training scenarios a sense of realism . ( U.S. Army Photo by Sgt . Jacob Kohrs ) see less | View Image Page
Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Wash. - A maintenance convoy of 10 vehicles , moves down the road with the gunners a top the vehicles , on a swivel , looking for enemy movements . Suddenly , figures pop up from the brush and start firing on the convoy . The gunners start firing back and the convoy moves out of the line of small arms fire . As the convoy moves away , an explosion is set off on the side of the road disabling one of the vehicles , stopping the convoy while it still take small arms fire .
This scenario has happened many times over the past 16 years of combat . A convoy is ambushed and pushing into an Improvised Explosive Device , disabling and stopping the convoy . Today , though , this is just an exercise .
308th Brigade Support Battalion , 17th Field Artillery Brigade is out at Yakima Training Center , Wash. , April 7-12 , conducting platoon evaluations . This is to ensure , that when they are called upon to deploy , they are ready and know how to conduct their daily combat operations .
“ The purpose of the exercise is to evaluate the platoon collective training , ” said Command Sgt . Maj. Phelicea Redd , Command Sgt . Maj. of 308th BSB and a native of Memphis , Tenn. “ Each unit has a mission essential task list , we are evaluating if our headquarters platoons can accomplish their collective tasks on that list and to find out if they are fully trained , trained but need practice or untrained in those areas . ”
There are two platoons in 308th BSB Headquarters and Headquarters Company , these are the maintenance platoon and the support platoon . The maintenance platoon takes care of the maintenance on the vehicles and generators , vehicle recovery , and escort missions . The support platoon handles the logistics operations , which consists of resupply missions of food , ammunitions , fuel and other supplies that may be needed at the combat outposts .
“ These evaluations represent what the 308th would see in a combat situation , ” said Sgt . 1st Class Abraham Rivera-Perez , the battalion support operations noncommissioned officer and a native of San Juan , Puerto Rico . “ I 've done three tours to Iraq and Afghanistan , and seeing what other units like ours do , running logistic and maintenance recovery operations , it prepares the soldiers and helps them become better at conducting their jobs in logistic operations . So when they have to engage the enemy while recovering vehicles , which does happen , they are ready .
Sgt . Skyler Smith , the senior mechanic and a native of Green River , Wyo. , agreed with Rivera .
“ For my section , we were evaluated on maintenance operations and vehicle recovery , ” said Smith . “ When I was deployed this is exactly the type of operations that we conducted . We may not have gotten attacked as much in the evaluation as we may or may not receive in theater but it is still what we would be doing . ”
Smith went on explaining , “ The majority of our soldiers have not deployed yet but i do feel that the training that we have conducted with our soldiers has helped to give them a better understanding of what is expected of them and what they may come across downrange . This evaluation definitely let us know where we stand in our training . ”
Both platoons found things that they needed to train on better . Radio communications was one of the bigger things for both .
“ We did have a few improvements that came from our after action reviews , ” Smith said . “ The things that we did identify we are putting into our tactics , techniques and procedures , so that we do n't make the same mistakes in the future . ”
When units run evaluations , like this one , there are two sides to the evaluation , the ones being evaluated and the evaluators . The evaluator 's job is to see how the people being evaluated operate in combat situations to measure how well they are able to compete their tasks . To help with that job , the evaluators use oppositional forces to give the scenarios a more realistic feel .
“ OpFor is a representation of the enemy forces , ” said Rivera , `` to show the soldiers conducting the evaluations , what they could be up against in a real combat situation . The soldiers that worked with me were very motivated and wanted to do the job . ”
Being the OpFor , the soldiers under Rivera 's leadership also learned a few things about real combat situations .
“ Playing OpFor taught my soldiers that there are people in this world that do n't agree with the principles that we stand for , ” continued Rivera . “ It also teaches them that there are two sides of the spectrum , it 's not just us as the friendly forces and them as the enemy , but they see us as the enemy as much as we see them as the enemy . ”
Rivera also used this time to train the soldiers in small unit tactics , how to use the local terrain for cover and concealment , and how to look for ways of getting the upper hand against a larger enemy force .
“ Overall , I think the evaluations went well , ” said Redd . “ This training will help in a deployment . Since we train as we fight , [ the soldiers ] can get proficient in the training , so that when they do fight they will have the skills to survive . ”
New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday urged the nation , especially the youth , to adopt the digital platform for their money transactions .
`` World ` s largest population of youth is in India ... This is the age of Information Technology .
So we should move ahead in the direction of digital transactions , '' Modi said addressing the nation on the occasion of the 71st Independence Day .
Deshhit : Watch what External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said during their address at SCO
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates . Watch what External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said during their address at the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( SCO ) .
Kaia Gerber may only be 15 years old , but the teenage daughter of Cindy Crawford has already accomplished more than we have this week .
On Monday , Hudson Jeans introduced the burgeoning star as the new face of its Fall 2017 campaign . In the lead shot photographed by Patrick Demarchelier , of course Gerber looks like a pro . After all , she 's already posed for brands as major as Marc Jacobs , so this was likely another walk in the park . She 's wearing a denim shirt with a matching set of all-American jeans .
Courtesy
And though the shot is worth a million words , we could n't help but notice how much they look like supermodel mom Cindy Crawford in the image . Need convincing ? Here 's a reminder of their similarities :
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BSy_JwQgdyr/ ? hl=en & taken-by=cindycrawford Gerber girls 🌺 A post shared by Cindy Crawford ( @ cindycrawford ) on Apr 12 , 2017 at 12:15pm PDT
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BXTGk_FA0p5/ ? hl=en & taken-by=cindycrawford Cruise control ... A post shared by Cindy Crawford ( @ cindycrawford ) on Aug 2 , 2017 at 9:41am PDT
In addition to Gerber , the campaign also stars Gabriel Day-Lewis , the son of actor Daniel Day-Lewis .
Courtesy
RELATED : Kaia and Presley Gerber are the Spitting Image of Their Parents
According to WWD , Hudson Jeans will also unveil its first collaboration , Hudson x Baja East , on Sept. 12 at Baja East 's NYFW show . The capsule is set to include tropical prints and streetwear mixed in with Hudson 's denim pieces .
Robert B. Morris Jr. ( Bob ) long time resident of Ridgefield and recently of Roseville , CA died on August 10 , 2017 .
They were 93 .
Born in Ossining , N.Y. , Bob was proud of their Hudson River Valley roots . They graduated from high school at 16 and , after an additional year of classes in advanced mathematics , they attended the Georgia Institute of Technology .
They enlisted in the United States Marine Corps and served in the Pacific during WWII . They became a Master Sergeant .
After the war , they were a telephone lineman and crewed on an ore boat on the Great Lakes . Returning to college they received an electrical engineering degree from Michigan State University .
During the Korean War , they and their wife Barbara ( Jago ) Morris were stationed at Cherry Point , NC with the USMC . Bob then joined IBM . Their career took them to Poughkeepsie , NY , Rochester , MN , Burlington , VT , the World Trade Division NYC , San Jose , CA and finally Armonk , NY .
Their responsibilities included manufacturing , international expansion , real estate development and environmental control .
IBM sent them to the MIT Sloan Fellowship Program , where they received a Master 's Degree in Industrial Management . Retiring from IBM in 1988 as global Director of Environmental Programs , Bob and Barbara returned to California and lived in Roseville . Bob had a deep commitment to public service .
For over a decade , they and Barbara provided a home for foster and Native American children . They were involved with the Boy Scouts of America ( he was an Eagle Scout and , as an adult , they were on various BSA local and national committees ) , the United Way , the United States Equestrian Team Foundation , the Campfire Girls , the Sun City Roseville Community Association , Inc. and Saint Clare Church , Roseville .
Bob will be remembered for their very active and sharp mind , their radiant smile , their ever-probing wit and their ability to converse with anyone on a first-name basis . An IBM colleague recently described them as “ a man of great honesty , courage and high morals . ”
They loved the “ Corps , ” the “ Scouts , ” cross-word puzzles , PBS mystery programs , mystery novels , RV'ing with Barbara and their grandchildren , and their dogs .
Bob is survived by their children Robert III ( Trey ) , Andrea , Leah and their grandchildren : Bremner , Anamaria , Sonia and Leah .
They are preceded in death by their loving wife Barbara and their 12 dogs .
Memorial donations may be made to St Clare Church , Roseville , CA or Marine Corps League , Merrifield , VA .
INTRUST BANK ARENA , Wichita , Kan.— Both Marine and Air Force hockey team players shake hands after an inter-service exhibition hockey game , February 11 , 2017 . The game ended with the Air Force winning 9 to 4 . ( U.S. Army photo by Sgt . Debrah Sanders , 366th MPAD )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:51 Photo ID : 3165554 VIRIN : 170211-A-QR450-004 Resolution : 1800x1200 Size : 227.4 KB Location : WICHITA , KS , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Exhibition hockey brings servicemembers together [ Image 1 of 5 ] , by SGT Debrah Sanders , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. — Todd Bowles praised Chan Gailey 's acumen as a coach , but they stopped short of elaborating on the offensive coordinator 's job status .
“ I have n't met with the coaches yet and discussed , ” the Jets coach said Monday . “ So right now , until we go through the process , everything is as is . We 'll meet in the next couple days with everybody , and we 'll go over that . We 'll discuss everything as we go forward . ”
Speculation is that Gailey will be out after two seasons on Bowles ' staff . After setting franchise records in 2015 , the offense struggled this season and finished 12th in rushing , 27th in passing and 30th in scoring . Bowles noted that both they and Gailey did n't have a good year .
“ I think Chan is a hell of a coach , ” they said . “ That 's why I hired them in the first place . Going forward , me and them will sit down and have a private discussion and we 'll go from there . ”
One thing that was n't up in the air ? Bowles ' future with the franchise . They said owner Woody Johnson told them “ a while ago ” that they would be back in 2017 . “ Woody 's backed me the whole time , ” Bowles said , though they acknowledged the owner had a right to change their mind at any point .
Safety dance
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Bowles believes Darrelle Revis can still play cornerback , but the coach said “ it 's impossible to say right now ” if Revis will make a good safety . “ There are a lot of pros and cons that go into that , ” Bowles said of a position switch . “ I 've got to make sure that they understand what I 'm looking for from the safety position — if we decide to do anything like that — and I 've got to make sure that they understand where they are and what they want to do as well . ”
Medical updates
Right tackle Breno Giacomini said they will get surgery “ sooner rather than later ” to “ shave down ” a herniated disc . The lineman , who was placed on injured reserve on Dec. 13 after dealing with lower back issues all season , said it will be a four-month recovery . “ I 'm glad 2016 is over . I really am , ” they said . . . Bryce Petty ( torn labrum ) is also scheduled to undergo surgery next week and Matt Forte ( torn meniscus ) had their knee scoped on Friday , Bowles said .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SUBMITTED PHOTO Kasey Kahne is driving the Leavine Family Racing 's No . 95 Chevrolet Camaro during this NASCAR Monster Energy Cup season . It is the team 's lone car . Kahne placed 20th in the Coca-Cola 600 last weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway . CHARLOTTE , NC - JANUARY 24 : Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series driver Kasey Kahne poses for a photo during the NASCAR Media Tour at Charlotte Convention Center on January 23 , 2018 in Charlotte , North Carolina . ( Photo by Chris Graythen/Getty Images )
Kasey Kahne is starting fresh this season .
After six years with four-car powerhouse Hendrick Motorsports , the 38-year-old from Enumclaw , Washington , is driving for the single-car team of Leavine Family Racing .
In 13 races in the No . 95 Chevrolet , Kahne 's best finish is 17th at Texas , Talladega and Dover . They were 20th Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte . They rank 26th in the NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series standings .
While the numbers may not show it , Kahne said the team is making progress
“ I really enjoy the group , ” Kahne said . “ I think our results only get better from here . I wish we had more results at this point of the season . We 're trying hard as a group to do that . I feel we definitely can . ”
Kahne looks to continue that progress this weekend at Pocono Raceway in the Pocono 400 .
During their time at Hendrick Motorsports , Kahne won six of their 18 career Cup races , but never quite lived up to expectations .
Although they are with a smaller team , Kahne said the pressure to perform is n't any smaller . They still push as hard as they can and gives it everything they have to get results .
After 15 years in the Cup Series , Kahne still enjoys the competitiveness .
“ When you 're 20th , you want to be in the top 15 . When you 're fifth , you want to win , ” they said . “ You 're always trying to improve . I love working hard at trying to get better , no matter where you 're at . ”
Pocono is a place where Kahne has been better .
They remember their first time at the 2.5-mile triangular track in Long Pond . It was in 2004 during a test session with Bill Elliott .
“ He was down in the corners and kind of watching , working with me that day , ” Kahne said . “ It was tough , such a different place . But I had a lot of help from them and ever since we 've been very good at Pocono . ”
Their first race at Pocono , in June 2004 , Kahne sat on the pole . They started on the pole again and won in June 2008 . They also won there in August 2013 and has five top-five and nine top-10 finishes in 28 career starts .
Kahne also ran in the first NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race at Pocono in 2010 and finished second .
“ It 's a track I know . I know the type of feel it needs , I know the corners to work on , ” Kahne said . “ When you win at a track a couple times , you kind of figure that stuff out .
“ You work hard to get that feel during practice . It 's a tough track — the way the corners are and the long straightaways after the corners . So much speed can be gained or lost . ”
Kahne enjoys racing in Pennsylvania , whether in a Cup car or a sprint car , which they did start in 1999 before their NASCAR career .
They returned to their dirt track roots in the state when they competed at Williams Grove and Lincoln Speedways during an off-weekend in March .
“ I 've done a lot of racing there over the years and have a ton of fans up that way , ” Kahne said . “ It 's always cool to go there and race . ”
The Pocono 400 race weekend starts Friday with Cup Series practice and qualifying , Xfinity Series practice and the ARCA Series General Tire # AnywhereIsPossible 200 . Saturday features final Cup Series practice and the Xfinity Series Pocono Green 250 .
On Sunday , the Pocono 400 is scheduled to get the green flag at 2 p.m .
Contact the writer :
swalsh @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9100 , ext . 5109 ;
@ swalshTT on Twitter
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A joke about Theresa May has won a national competition to find the best modern Christmas cracker gag .
The funniest wisecrack , according to voters was : `` Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager ? They could n't run a stable government '' , which was penned by Samuel Williams , 35 , from Kent .
Gags about Donald Trump , Brexit , Southern Rail and Ryanair also proved popular in the annual competition by UKTV channel Gold .
The second placed joke was : `` Why do n't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars ? They want to open the doors themselves '' , while `` What 's the difference between Ryanair and Santa ? Santa flies at least once a year '' , came third .
The entries were submitted via Twitter and shortlisted by a panel of judges led by comedy critic Bruce Dessau before being put to a public vote of 2,000 British adults .
( Image : REUTERS )
Dessau said : `` In a world that seems to have turned upside down in recent years , there is something wonderfully reassuring about the fact that people have still retained their sense of humour and come up with some inspired gags for this year 's Gold Christmas Crackers competition .
`` The subjects of the jokes that were entered reflects the issues that concern the country today : from Brexit and Donald Trump to Bruce Forsyth and Southern Rail , people have still been able to find the funny side . ''
Williams will receive £1,500 towards a holiday and a box of bespoke Gold Christmas Crackers , one of which will contain their own gag .
The top 10 jokes were :
Deadly Tropical Storm Nate Threatens U.S. Gulf Coast
Enlarge this image toggle caption INTI OCON/AFP/Getty Images INTI OCON/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 2:45 p.m. Friday
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast , which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday .
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America , where several people have died .
In Nicaragua , the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday , while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing , according to Vice President Rosario Murillo . Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there , reports The Associated Press . Murillo said the recent rainfall is not part of Nate 's storm system .
In Costa Rica , officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths , AP says . Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall .
In Honduras , two young people drowned in a swollen river , and in neighboring El Salvador , a man was killed in a mudslide , reports Reuters .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Moises Castillo/AP Moises Castillo/AP
By Friday afternoon , the National Hurricane Center said Nate was located about 100 miles off the coast of Cozumel , Mexico , and headed north-northwest at 21 mph . It had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph , but forecasters said the gusts would pick up over the next couple of days and by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico , it is expected to be a hurricane .
Parts of Louisiana , Florida and Alabama are all at risk . A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana , including New Orleans , and a hurricane warning was in place for Grand Isle , Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border .
toggle caption National Hurricane Center
Louisiana Gov . John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate 's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare `` a pre-landfall state of emergency . ''
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning , but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening . Edwards said rainfall could reach 6 inches in some areas , with storm surge of up to 6 feet .
It has been a devastating hurricane season , and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet . The season continues until the end of November .
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria 's aftermath . Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate , some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps , which have already undergone damage .
`` We do n't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water , '' Edwards said . But they added , `` I 'm not going to tell you I am not concerned . ''
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street star Antony Cotton faces a race against time to be fit for Dancing On Ice this weekend – after fracturing several ribs in training .
The 42-year-old collapsed on the ice in agony when a move with dance partner Brandee Malto went wrong in training on Wednesday and looked to be initially out of the competition .
Antony said : “ Brandee and I were training for this week 's show when we lost our balance and both fell backwards onto the ice .
`` Luckily , Brandee was uninjured but I was taken to hospital where I discovered I had fractured a couple of ribs , front and back .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
“ I 'd like to thank the staff at Silver Blades ice rink in Widnes , the doctor and nurse at The Alexandra Hospital in Cheadle , and Brandee , who never left my side throughout . ”
Antony insisted they would try to skate on Saturday despite losing a days training and being ordered to rest .
They added : “ The show must go on and as such , we are going to do our best to continue in the Dancing on Ice competition this Sunday .
`` Hopefully the painkillers and sequins will see us through . ”
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Antony has improved slightly having been one of the weakest performers and managed a score of 20 at the weekend which got them to seventh place out of 11 on the leaderboard .
But this injury will restrict the amount of lifts they can do and could make it harder to avoid the skate off .
An ITV spokesperson said : “ Antony fell on the ice during training and as a precaution was taken to a nearby hospital .
`` He has since been released and is now resting ahead of the live show this weekend . ”
* Dancing On Ice airs on Sunday at 6pm on ITV
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An ex-Army trainer managed to track down the burglars who broke into their home - and arrest them - in just 12 hours .
Michael Henderson and Shawn Doolan have now both been jailed thanks to the efforts of crime victim turned detective Gareth Gingell .
Gareth carried out their citizen 's arrest after interviewing witnesses to the crime and studying CCTV before they spotted one of the crooks in the street .
Their evidence helped ensure Henderson , 25 , and Doolan , 32 , were successfully prosecuted at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court .
Now the pair have been jailed after pleading guilty to burglary .
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
Speaking after the case , IT worker Gareth has told how they collared Henderson and Doolan by putting the skills they learned in the military to good use .
The 30-year-old said : `` I knew the police just did n't have the resources they used to . I know the area and decided to go out and see what I could find out . I knew that the next 24 hours were the most important . ''
The first Gareth knew something was wrong was when the police knocked on their door to say their Kia Sorento had been involved in a collision in , reports the Stoke Sentinel .
They checked their security cameras and discovered their house had been broken into three times while they were in bed at 3am , 4am and 5.45am on June 12 .
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
Among the items taken included a mountain bike , vacuum cleaner , television , console and £250 cash was stolen .
Gareth , who has previously trained soldiers in personal safety and how to handle public order , spoke to residents and rough sleepers and was able to identify a route the offenders had taken with CCTV showing them fleeing through the neighbourhood .
Their inquiries eventually led them to an alleyway at 4.40pm where they spotted a sock puppet they use to sooth three-year-old daughter Demi and then a rubbish bag with clothes they believed the offenders had been wearing .
At that moment , Gareth spotted Henderson who they recognised from the CCTV .
( Image : SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS.com )
While the suspect scarpered after being confronted , they were eventually arrested when Gareth found them hiding in a garden .
Father-of-one Gareth , who lives with 28-year-old wife Liana , said : `` When the police came to my house I was still in my pyjamas and did n't have a clue what had happened .
`` After some initial inquiries I found the sock puppet . It had so much sentimental value to the family but for them it was worth nothing . I knew they were in that area and rang the police .
`` I saw Henderson and they went to reach for their phone to get the time and I asked 'Is it burgling time ? ' . They saw the puppet in my pocket and must have realised he 'd been in my home .
( Image : SWNS.com )
`` He took something out of their pocket . I knocked it out of their hand and got them on the floor .
`` He ran off but I found them under some cardboard in a back garden . I know how to detain someone from my training and was able to use reasonable force and ask the people around to call the police . ''
Following Henderson 's arrest , and while police were still in the area , Doolan turned up and they were also detained .
Henderson , of Shelton , went on to plead guilty to burglary , taking a vehicle without the owner 's consent and driving without insurance .
( Image : SWNS.com )
CCTV from Gareth 's home revealed three offenders had gone in their house with Henderson visiting three times and Doolan twice .
The court heard Henderson had claimed they took the car for a 'joy ride ' before parking it up with 'another male ' going on to crash it .
While the vehicle was written off and Gareth 's family have been left upset by the incident – they feel justice has been served .
Gareth added : `` My family and I have come out stronger . My wife did n't know me when I was in the Army , they just sees this IT worker , so now they believe me about the military . ''
( Image : SWNS.com )
The courtv heard both the defendants had only recently been released from prison prior to the incident after burgling a commercial premises .
Catherine O'Reilly , mitigating for Henderson , said : `` At times they are their own worst enemy . ''
Anis Ali , mitigating for Doolan , added : `` He has expressed their remorse . ''
Judge Paul Glenn sentenced Henderson to three years and four months and Doolan to two years and four months .
They said : `` Henderson was the leading light and was shown on CCTV making every visit to the house . The actions of the defendants had a profound effect on the family . ''
World Cafe Nashville : Penny & Sparrow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Set List `` Double Heart ''
`` Salome & Saint Procula ''
`` Wendigo ''
Kyle Jahnke and Andy Baxter , collectively known as Penny & Sparrow , are pin-drop performers , the kind which silence rooms with impeccable songs and storytelling that unfolds like a dream . The duo has amassed a devoted following in six years , and traveled from Austin , Texas to Muscle Shoals , Ala. , now splitting its time between the two musical centers .
Working with producers like John Paul White of The Civil Wars , Penny & Sparrow has steadily built a sound as attentive to detail as Simon & Garfunkel and as open to the present day as Bon Iver . The self-produced Wendigo , the pair 's fifth full-length release , shows Penny & Sparrow at its most focused and sonically inventive . On songs like `` Double Heart '' and the monster-ridden title track , Baxter culls from myth and history in their lyrics to confront faith , desire , loss , doubt and spiritual recovery . A religious thread runs through Penny & Sparrow 's work , but its music is Christian in the same way that Marilynne Robinson 's novels are Christian : deeply personal , sometimes heretical , bent on finding grace in surprising places .
In conversation , Baxter is voluble while Jahnke — the melodic `` wizard '' behind the songs — quietly takes a back seat . Their telepathic musical relationship becomes clear the moment Jahnke strums their guitar and Baxter starts singing . Penny & Sparrow performed and talked with me at Sound Stage Studios in Nashville . Hear it all in the player above .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new supermarket in the city will bring 150 new jobs for local people and act as a “ vital part of the community ” in north-west Cambridge .
A Sainsbury 's supermarket is due to open in north-west Cambridge in September , bringing new jobs to the city . The supermarket will be part of the new North-West Cambridge development , where 500 people will soon take up residence .
Steve Venters , manager of the Coldham 's Lane Sainsbury 's supermarket , said : “ We are really excited about having the opportunity to create something positive for the city . We will be creating 150 new jobs . It will become a vital part of the community .
Today ( February 15 ) , county , city and district councillors met at the joint development control committee to discuss whether to allow the supermarket to install temporary signage in Madingley Road and Huntingdon Road .
“ Without adequate signage , we will be at a definite disadvantage , ” said Mr Venters . “ We need to cater to passing trade , not just the people living in the north it will be great for local people and a huge opportunity for Cambridge . ”
Heather Topel , project director at the North West Cambridge development , said : “ This is a hugely underserved area of the city . The supermarket will open in September this year . We have worked very hard to make sure it can come early for the people in the development . We want it to be a welcoming place for all . ”
Cllr John Hipkin said the Sainsbury 's would be the most convenient supermarket for thousands of people living nearby .
The committee resolved to approve the erection of signage for an 18-month period .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the inside of the cozy chapel where Prince Louis is to be christened .
The Archbishop of Canterbury , the Most Reverend Justin Welby , will take the service at the Chapel Royal in St James 's Palace on July 9 .
It is the same chapel where Louis ' older brother Prince George was christened in 2013 .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge chose St Mary Magdalene church on the royal Sandringham Estate for the christening of Louis ' sister , Princess Charlotte .
The chapel is part of the main block of St James 's Palace , and was built around 1540 .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
It was the place where Queen Victoria married Prince Albert in 1840 .
The heart of Queen Mary I , who died in 1558 , is said to be buried in the chapel . The rest of their body is buried at Westminster Abbey .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
The recent royal baptisms have been a break from tradition , as they have usually been held at Buckingham Palace .
The Queen , Prince Charles and Prince William were all christened in the Palace 's Music Room .
The Chapel at St James 's Palace is understood to be sentimental to William as it is where they and their brother paid respects to their mother , Princess Diana before their funeral in 1997 .
Before George , the last royal baby to be christened at St James 's was their Princess Beatrice , in December 1988 .
Stormzy seems unfazed after Police incident as they sing loves songs on snapchat
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Stormzy is proving that love conquers all after getting over their police incident with a romantic performance .
The rapper has blasted police for waking them up by kicking down their door and is demanding they pay for the damages .
Taking to Twitter on Tuesday , they explained what had happened to their followers .
They wrote : `` Woke up to Feds destroying my front door coz apparently I 'm a burglar who burgles their own home . @ metpoliceuk need your bank details still ''
And while anyone would find that upsetting , Stormzy seems to have got over it pretty quickly through the power of love .
( Photo : Stormzy/snapchat )
The grime and hip hop artist , from South London , put on a very romantic performance on Snapchat .
Stormzy posted a string of videos of them lip-syncing along to romantic songs such as Adele 's One And Only .
Raising their bottle of water up to the camera to cheers with their fans , they work their way through a number of love songs in an apparent bid to celebrate Valentine 's Day no matter what .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Stormzy/snapchat )
The star 's fans were outraged by what happened , with one telling him : `` Use ya popularity to make an example of em . ''
Another said : `` I 'm amazed that this is still happening smdh and saddened . ''
But some joked it was Stormzy 's sold out 17-date UK tour that made the officers pay their home a visit , with one tweeting : `` All they had to do for a pair of tickets was ask . ''
( Photo : Stormzy/snapchat )
After friends and fans offered support on social media they said they did n't expect to see any money back from the police .
They tweeted : `` Bro trust me I ai n't holding my breath lol proper d * * * heads . ''
The police told Mirror Online that they thought the property was vacant and forced entry after getting a report for conspiracy to burgle .
( Photo : Stormzy/snapchat )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Stormzy on Snapchat hours before police raid at their home Share this video Watch Next
A spokesperson said : `` Police were called to an address in West Brompton at 00:55hrs on Tuesday 14th February to a report of a conspiracy to burgle a ground floor flat , believed to have been vacant .
`` Officers attended and forced entry to the property , and found there to be two lawful occupants inside . Officers remained at the property until it was made secure .
`` Officers have since been in further communication with the complainant . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A fire has swept through a karaoke bar in China killing at least eighteen people .
The blaze occurred in Qingyuan city in Guangdong province , around an hour 's drive from the provincial capital of Guangzhou .
According to the official weibo account of police in Qingyuan , the blaze started just after midnight in a three-storey building .
Police said the fire may have been started intentionally and an investigation is now underway .
The report gave no further details .
( Image : miaopai.com )
( Image : miaopai.com )
Footage later emerged from the scene of the tragedy , showing a powerful blaze engulfing the building as a crowd of onlookers watched on .
China has a patchy safety record for building regulations .
Beijing 's municipal government launched a 40-day “ special operation ” targeting fire code and building safety violations after an apartment fire in the Chinese capital last November killed 19 people , almost all of them migrants .
Turkish and Russian officials will meet to finalise Turkey 's S-400 surface-to-air missile systems deal in the coming week , Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Monday .
Turkey has been negotiating with Russia to buy the system for more than a year . Washington and some of its Nato allies see the decision as a snub because the weapons can not be integrated into the alliance 's defences .
Turkey expects to receive its first such system in 2019 , defence Minister Nurettin Canikli said in November adding that the deal includes two S-400 systems while one was optional .
“ Our officials will come together in the coming week to finalise the S-400 issue , ” Erdoğan said during a joint news conference with their Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin .
Turkey has been working to develop its own defence systems and equipment and has lined up several projects for the coming years including combat helicopters , tanks , drones and more .
Erdoğan also said Ankara and Moscow were on the same page regarding the US move on Jerusalem and added that two leaders would keep in contact on the issue .
Duchenne Drug Delayed After Outrage Over Price
Enlarge this image toggle caption Business Wire
In response to outrage from patients and lawmakers , Marathon Pharmaceuticals has delayed the launch of an $ 89,000 drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
The company had announced the annual list price for Emflaza , which is a steroid , after the Food and Drug Administration approved the drug Thursday .
Emflaza is approved as an orphan drug , which means it is intended to treat a rare disease . Duchenne is an inherited disorder that causes muscles to become weak . There is no cure for the condition , which mainly affects boys , but some drugs , including Emflaza , are used to lessen symptoms .
For years , many American patients have imported deflazacort , the generic version of Emflaza , for about $ 1,200 a year . But because the medicine was n't approved in the U.S. , the cost of the medicine was n't typically covered by insurers .
That contrast in price between became a flash point Monday as Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , and Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Md. , sent a letter to Marathon on Monday morning demanding answers about the $ 89,000 price for a drug that is n't new . It has been used routinely by Duchenne patients in the U.S. since at least 2005 .
`` We believe Marathon is abusing our nation 's 'orphan drug ' program , which grants companies seven years of market exclusivity to encourage research into new treatments for rare diseases — not to provide companies like Marathon with lucrative market exclusivity rights for drugs that have been available for decades , '' Sanders and Cummings wrote .
Marathon said FDA approval would help more patients get the drug .
`` Our goal in commercializing Emflaza all along has been to make it available to that broader set of patients who is a prior to FDA approval have not had access to the therapy , '' said a statement attributed to Marathon CEO Jeffrey Aronin that was read Monday to a meeting of parents , patients and advocates in Washington , D.C. `` We are pausing our launch , which has not yet taken place . We have not sold any new product and will pause that process . ''
But patients and their families cried foul .
`` What you 're doing is robbing my insurance company , '' said Dana Edwards , a mother from New Jersey whose 12-year-old has taken deflazacort , the generic version of the drug , since they were 5 .
Pat Furlong , the president and founder of Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy , which sponsored the Monday conference , read the statement to an outraged crowd in a conference room at the Mayflower Hotel .
`` Since last week 's approval , they 've heard from all of us , '' they said . Furlong told the audience that complaints from patients helped to prompt Marathon 's action .
The company , Furlong read , will continue to offer patients an expanded access program , which allows about 800 patients to receive the drug from the company . More can join that program free , and patients can continue importing the drug from Canada or `` wherever they are getting it , '' the statement said .
In January , Kaiser Health News and NPR published an investigation that found the orphan drug law intended to help desperate patients is being manipulated by drugmakers for financial gain .
Republican Rep. Robert Aderholt , the chairperson of the appropriations subcommittee that funds the FDA , called Marathon 's announcement a `` tipping point . '' And they said the astronomical increase in deflazacort 's price `` makes me question whether the current construct of how the FDA approves orphan drugs does more harm than good if companies have found a way to game the system . ''
At Monday 's meeting , Marathon executives presented a slideshow on financial assistance for patients , as well as details on the drug 's expected availability . Emflaza was set to hit the market by mid-March , said Eric Messner , vice president of sales and marketing for Marathon .
Messner said the drug would cost $ 50,000 to $ 54,000 after rebates and discounts to insurers . `` I know there has been a lot of discussion about that . How did we arrive at the price ? '' Messner said .
An audience member interrupted Messner asking if the company had talked to patients and families about the price .
They offered assurance that they did and said there would be an ongoing dialogue with patient groups . `` We expect that patients will experience a low or zero out-of-pocket experience , '' they said .
Late Monday , Marathon released an official statement and open letter to the Duchenne community , promising that `` price should not be a barrier '' for patients . `` Put simply we expect patients will pay a standard copay of typically $ 20 or less per prescription .
Edwards , the New Jersey mother , said they hope President Trump will fulfill their vow to bring down high drug prices .
Kaiser Health News ' coverage of prescription drug development , costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation .
Las Vegas Golden Knights ' Pregame Program Is Almost More Entertaining Than The Game The Las Vegas Golden Knights have the most elaborate pregame show in all hockey . Now they 're in the Stanley Cup Final . NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Jonny Greco , the team 's vice president of entertainment production .
1:29
AMBER , Blue and Silver Alerts : What you need to know
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
WASHINGTON , D.C. ( AP ) — When Justice Neil Gorsuch joined the Supreme Court earlier this year they got Justice Antonin Scalia 's seat , their office and their elk , Leroy .
In recent appearances , Gorsuch has been telling the story of how the elk — actually just its mounted head — came to be their office mate .
The story starts more than a decade ago when Scalia shot the elk on a hunting trip and had its head mounted and hung in their Supreme Court office .
Gorsuch explained at an event in Washington last week that after Scalia died in 2016 it seemed that the elk was destined “ to become homeless. ” That 's because the elk head , part of an animal estimated to have weighed around 900 pounds , is “ much too much for anyone 's living room wall , ” Gorsuch said .
“ And then someone got the idea that Leroy might make , well , a sort of unusual ‘ welcome-to-the-neighborhood ' gift for the new guy . What a gift , ” Gorsuch said .
Christopher Scalia , one of the late justice 's nine children and the co-editor of a collection of their father 's speeches published this week , said in a telephone interview that their father shot the Rocky Mountain elk on a hunting trip in Colorado in 2003 . Though the justice had other hunting trophies displayed in their home including white tail deer , an antelope or two and a boar 's head , the elk was “ way too big for our house , ” Christopher Scalia said . So Leroy took up residence at the Supreme Court facing the justice 's desk .
“ He was proud of it and they enjoyed showing it off , ” Christopher Scalia said .
Glen Summers , a former law clerk of Scalia 's who was with them when they shot Leroy , said Scalia made a “ magnificent , long-range ” shot of some 460 yards . It was the only elk Scalia ever killed , they said . As for why the justice called them Leroy , that 's a mystery , Summers said .
After Scalia died , Leroy was crated up and sent to Summers in Colorado , they said . And when Gorsuch was nominated to the court , Summers asked what others were also thinking , they said : Would Gorsuch , a fellow conservative and outdoorsman , take Leroy back to Washington ? Gorsuch “ graciously accepted , ” Summers said . So back across the country Leroy went . They were presented to Gorsuch at a reunion of Scalia clerks earlier this year .
Gorsuch joked last week that they are actually “ delighted to share space with Leroy ” and that they “ share a few things in common . ”
“ Turns out , we 're both native Coloradans . We both received a rather shocking summons to Washington , ” they said . “ Neither of us is ever going to forget Justice Scalia . ”
On Monday night , the U.S. Supreme Court declined to lift a stay from the Arkansas Supreme Court that was preventing the state from carrying out its first execution since 2005 . The move by the U.S. high court effectively quashed the push by Arkansas to execute eight death row inmates , two at a time , by the end of April , when its supply of the sedative midazolam , one of the drugs in its lethal-injection cocktail , expires .
In a dramatic and chaotic series of rulings on Monday , the Arkansas Supreme Court stayed the scheduled executions of Don Davis , 55 , and Bruce Ward , 60 , both convicted of murder during what appear to be robberies , after their lawyers raised questions about their mental competency . Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge had asked the U.S. Supreme Court to lift the stay on Davis , whose execution order expired at midnight .
The Arkansas high court also removed a barrier to all eight executions on Monday , however , overruling a county judge , Wendell Griffen , who had prohibited the state to use another of the lethal injection drugs , vecuronium bromide , because the medical supply company said Arkansas lied about its intended use . The Arkansas Supreme Court reassigned Judge Griffen 's death penalty cases after they were photographed at an anti-dearth penalty rally . Separately on Monday , the U.S. 8th Circuit Court of Appeals had lifted a stay on all eight executions , overriding a federal judge who had raised concerns about the use of midazolam , used in several previous botched executions .
Arkansas Gov . Asa Hutchinson ( R ) said they were disappointed that the U.S. Supreme Court did n't allow Davis ' execution , but praised the other rulings on Monday . Rutledge said the rest of the executions will continue , since there 's `` nothing preventing them from occurring . '' Two inmates are scheduled to be executed on Thursday , two more on April 24 , and the last two on April 27 . Peter Weber
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lawrence Taylor had never met Barbara Williams . So when they got a letter saying they might have money coming to them from them they were rightly suspicious .
But Lawrence , from Leckwith , Cardiff , was intrigued by the idea of a relative he 'd never met , so the 54-year-old decided to make contact to see if they could learn more about their family tree .
They spoke to Amy Cox - who works for Finders International - and in doing so confirmed that they were entitled to a share of the £30,000 inheritance waiting to be claimed .
But more , the 54-year-old from Leckwith , Cardiff , discovered a family history of orphans , aunts , early deaths and more tracing back to the Victorian era .
A tree with many branches
( Image : Fiona Hanson 07710 142 633 )
The story starts with two deaths and a strange clause . Barbara Williams , 82 , died in Swansea within just four weeks of their husband - neither had a will , nor an obvious heir .
The couple 's £30,000 legacy became subject to a highly unusual ‘ survivorship clause ' , and the estate passed to Swansea council .
Without intervention , the money would have gone to the government , but the council decided instead to ask for help .
They appointed professional genealogists Finders International to look into it , to work out if anyone was left to inherit .
They found more than 100 people , tracing what they describe as a `` sad Victorian family saga '' - 12 aunts and uncles , some of whom were born in the 1890s , relatives who died young , some leaving as many as 10 children orphaned .
Finding the relatives
The final report into the Williams ' heirs took months to compile , with father-of-four Lawrence just one of the beneficiaries .
They received about £50 from the estate - with others getting between £1,388 and £6.94 each .
But Lawrence , who works for a catering equipment supplies firm , got something else too - a slice of family history and to meet some relatives they did n't previously realise existed .
A family meeting was set up for the relatives in Cardiff , many have since stayed in contact .
“ Most people are stunned when they are confronted by a situation like this , because it gives you hope that there is someone looking out for you when you least expect it , ” they said .
Without intervention , this £30,000 estate could have gone to the Government .
`` Although some small sums have been awarded in this instance , they can still help those in difficult financial circumstances , especially when they were n't expecting anything , '' said Danny Curran , founder of Finders International and chairperson of the IAPPR ( The International Association of Professional Probate Researchers , Genealogists & Heir Hunters ) .
“ This case uncovers the unfair nature of English and Welsh inheritance laws , which does everything in its power to limit numbers of family members who may otherwise become beneficiaries . ''
Heir Hunters is currently running on BBC 1 until late April 2018 . All episodes are available online .
With President Trump again facing the requirement to certify whether Iran is complying with the P5+1 nuclear deal this month , it looks like a major clash may be brewing between the president and the neocons on one side , and the military generals they openly embrace in their Administration on the other . What might normally be a fairly automatic and objective process is looking more like a clash of the titans for the Administration . Who will blink ?
In what must be a relatively uncommon if not unprecedented move , President Trump 's Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff — the country 's senior-most military officer — Gen. Joseph Dunford told the Senate Armed Services Committee last week that Iran is complying with the agreement and that the United States would suffer negative consequences if it pulled out of the deal .
In so doing , Gen. Dunford directly contradicts their boss , President Trump , who said in late August that Iran is :
…not in compliance with the agreement and they certainly are not in the spirit of the agreement in compliance , and I think you 'll see some very strong things taking place if they do n't get themselves in compliance .
Dunford made the point to the Senate Committee that if the US unilaterally pulls out of the Iran deal claiming non-compliance while the rest of the world holds the opposite view it would negatively impact the US ability to make future deals . No doubt they were thinking of the current stand-off with North Korea .
Said the Joint Chiefs Chairman :
It makes sense to me that our holding up agreements that we have signed , unless there 's a material breach , would have an impact on others ' willingness to sign agreements .
Gen. Dunford 's concern over whether the US would continue to be a trusted and reliable partner after unilaterally de-certifying Iran is particularly relevant when one looks at the fate of former US allies such as Libya 's Gaddafi , Saddam Hussein , Panama 's Noriega , and so on . Unless the US is able to strong-arm a considerable number of its allies into also decertifying Iran , the US would find itself backed into a corner on any non-unilateral , non-military efforts overseas . The US would be likely hard-pressed to find a sufficient number of allies willing to follow Washington back to a policy of open confrontation with Iran , particularly as the economic opening to Tehran has proven so profitable and mutually advantageous to them .
Then just yesterday , another of “ Trump 's generals ” echoed Dunford . Defense Secretary James Mattis , former US Marine Corps general and former Commander of US Central Command , told the Senate Armed Services Committee that they believe it is in the national security interest of the United States to remain part of the Iran agreement . Said Mattis yesterday ,
“ I believe at this point in time , absent indications to the contrary , it is something the president should consider staying with . ”
This follows a letter sent to the president in July from “ 38 former flag officers from the U.S. Army , Navy , Air Force and Marines said that the Joint Comprehensive Plan Of Action ( JCPOA ) [ the Iran deal ] has achieved its aims over the two years since it was signed by the Obama administration , Iran and five world powers . ”
The military officers so often deferred to by President Trump are on one side of the Iran recertification issue and the president and their fair weather cheerleaders in the neocon camp are on the other side .
Trump 's trigger-happy ambassador to the UN , Nikki Haley , in a September speech to the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute said that President Trump would have “ ground to stand on ” should they decide to decertify Iranian compliance . Them argument was the opposite of Gen. Dunford 's , as they claimed that the US remaining in the deal with Iran would demonstrate to North Korea that Washington is more interested in placating its allies than in looking out for its security interests .
Neoconservative Sen. Tom Cotton ( R-AR ) has urged President Trump to pull the US out of the Iran deal , saying last month ,
“ I do n't see how anyone who looks at the facts…can say the deal is in our vital national security interests . ”
Sen. Cotton 's already aggressive position vis-a-vis Iran was no doubt further greased by the nearly one million dollars they were paid by neocon kingpin William Kristol ‘ s Emergency Committee for Israel to oppose the Iran deal .
Ambassador Nikki Haley is promoting Sen. Cotton 's rationale for decertification of Iran delivered yesterday at the Council on Foreign Relations and Bill Kristol is right on board . Why decertify Iran ? As Sen. Cotton told the CFR crowd :
“ One thing I learned in the army is that when your opponent is on their knees , you drive them to the ground , and you choke them out . ”
At least they are clear about their alternative approach to Iran .
Former US Ambassador to the UN John Bolton , who is no doubt already measuring the drapes in Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 's office , went so far as to pen a helpful guide to exiting the Iran deal for President Trump . Despite Bolton 's verbosity — a neocon specialty — their grand plan for exiting the deal consists of : 1 ) strong-arming allies , 2 ) producing more neocon “ white papers ” on how bad the deal is , and 3 ) further propagandizing Congress and the American people .
Where exactly is Iran in violation ? Bolton does n't say .
And what is Bolton 's next step once their decertification “ plan ” is implemented ? In their own words : “ Expedite delivery of bunker-buster bombs ” to the region .
Will President Trump listen to Bolton 's roadmap to exiting the Iran deal ? Will they consider Bolton 's track record when it comes to planning foreign policy actions ? If Bolton were a baseball player , he 'd be benched with a .000 batting average .
Will Trump listen to Nikki Haley , Bill Kristol , Tom Cotton , or the rest of the neocon desk generals when it comes to Iran ? Or will they listen to their actual generals ? This may be the most important foreign policy decision in Trump 's presidency . Grave matters of war or peace hang in the balance . Will the neocons win again ?
Featured image is from the author .
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/trump-and-his-generals-on-collision-course-over-iran/5612273
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin 's estranged wife Lisa Armstrong has appeared to take a series of thinly-veiled swipes at the TV star on social media since their divorce was announced last month .
Although they are yet to directly comment on the end of their 11 year marriage to the 'm A Celebrity star , Lisa has been revealing some subtle hints about their severed partnership via their social media accounts .
They Strictly Come Dancing make-up artist recently 'liked ' a tweet that claimed they were part responsible for making their husband the success they are today .
Lisa , 42 , favourited the tweet from a fan which said : `` Your unconditional love & support made A who they are .
`` Easy to think you do n't want UNTIL you do n't have ... Never be another you , '' the post continued .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : Twitter )
Lisa also 'liked ' a tweet that suggested their estranged husband was `` hiding something '' .
`` You 've done absolutely nothing wrong apart from be a loving wife ! '' another recently 'liked ' tweet read .
A friend told The Sun : `` She 's been using social media very subtly to reveal how they really feels — and the truth is beginning to creep out .
“ She had been determined to carry on as normal but now feels totally cut out from their friendship circle .
`` They 've shared the same friends for years but it 's become obvious who they 're all siding with — especially Dec and their wife . ''
( Image : lisaAmakeup/Twitter )
Some estimate Lisa walk away with half of their estranged husband Ant 's £60million fortune when they divorce - and a percent of their future earnings .
Shortly after the divorce news was announced , a source said : “ Ant and Lisa have tried to make things work but they have been drifting apart for some time and their relationship has been over as a proper marriage for months .
“ Ant has been difficult to live with for a long time and was keeping more and more secrets from Lisa the longer the marriage went on .
( Image : antanddec/Twitter )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
“ They got to a difficult place and there was no way their relationship could recover , the best thing now is they both move on . ”
While the presenter 's spokesperson said : “ In response to the recent speculation in the media , Ant is very sad to announce that , after 11 years , they are ending their marriage to Lisa .
“ Ant asks for privacy at this difficult time , for both himself , Lisa and their immediate families . No further statement will be made . ”
With four bedrooms , two bathrooms , a large master suite , a double garage and oodles of finesse , The Vogue by Smart Homes for Living is perfect for Perth urbanites looking for more space without compromising on style .
The Vogue hits the trendy nail on the head by weaving luxe bohemian accents with hotelworthy ÿnishes to create a home as beautiful as it is liveable .
Smart Homes for Living Sales and Marketing Manager Adam Schaal said The Vogue focused on living stylishly , as well as comfortably .
“ So many designs nail the living bit ; but living stylishly ? That 's a little harder to pull off , ” they said .
“ The Vogue hits the trendy nail on the head by weaving luxe bohemian accents with hotel-worthy finishes to create a home that is as beautiful as it is liveable . ”
Like all Smart Homes for Living 's displays , The Vogue features 30-course ceilings that add to the sense of luxury and spaciousness .
Upon entry , you pass the first-class master suite tucked away at the front of the home , far from the bustling children 's wing . With a large walk-in robe and a luxurious open-plan ensuite complete with a custom , duel-tone vanity and marble-look wall tiles , this adults-only retreat is sure to impress .
The end of the entry passage brings you to the glamorous home theatre before opening out completely into the kitchen , meals and family zone .
“ The Vogue 's open-plan layout has been designed to maximise every nook and cranny of liveable space , ” Mr Schaal said . “ You can gaze out from the L-shaped kitchen to the dining area , living zone and beyond without moving an inch . ”
Finished to the highest standard , The Vogue 's kitchen features glitteringly white Essastone benchtops , walnut-look laminate cabinetry , pendant lighting and a sleek splashback window .
Deluxe 900mm stainless steel kitchen appliances , soft-close kitchen doors and custom WA-made cabinetry are included in the design and come standard with all Smart Homes for Living homes .
The children 's bedrooms enjoy their own private wing at the rear of the home and share use of the main bathroom with bath , shower and separate toilet .
“ Each of the children 's rooms contains the same tried and tested base – carpet , mirrored built-in robes and expansive side windows , ” Mr Schaal said .
“ Yet they all look completely different thanks to the variety of wallpapers and finishing touches artfully placed throughout . ”
A simple , neat exterior built with hardy materials , including Colorbond storm gutters and Harmony Habitat roof tiles , completes the home 's offerings .
Feature granite-look cladding embellishes the side of the entryway and combines with the home 's crisp white render , architectural brickwork , aluminium windows and composite decking to create a chic elevation .
The Vogue is open Mondays and Wednesdays from 2-5pm , Saturdays and public holidays from 1-5pm and Sundays from 12-5pm .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rio Ferdinand has revealed he 's planning to marry girlfriend Kate Wright .
The ex-TOWIE star moved in with the former footballer player last year and is now firmly part of the family playing stepmum to Rio 's three young children .
And it seems the natural next step is marriage for the besotted couple .
The former footballer , 39 , admitted they regularly speak to Kate - who shared a sweet shot of them on Wednesday evening simply captioned 'my love ' - about tying the knot .
“ We do talk about it , '' they told the Daily Star . `` But I 'm not going to sit here and give you a date . ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Rio recently told of how much their kids , Lorenz , Tate and Tia , adore Kate as they opened up about the importance of having a woman figure in their lives after losing their wife and their mother in 2015 .
They told The Times Magazine : `` My relationship with Kate has helped in that they have got a female in the house now .
`` They run past me sometimes to go to them I 've had to go through a period of being very , very open , and men are n't normally like that naturally .
( Image : Instagram/rioferdy5 )
( Image : Instagram )
`` So having that extra person in the house who is female , who has that softer touch , I think is vitally important for the kids . ''
Kate , who said they gave up their career in the spotlight to be with the ex-footballer , also recently opened up about Rio 's kids , revealing that they would love to have a little brother or sister to play with .
They told This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield : `` It 's really funny because at the beginning i could never imagine the kids would talk about it .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : PA )
`` It started with Tate when I went to the school saying : 'Oh that 's my aunt who is picking me up ' then 'that 's my dad 's girlfriend ' and now they says 'it 's my stepmum . '
`` And now , I would say on a daily basis they go : 'Oh when 're you giving us a brother or sister ? '
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` They ask if we 're having a baby yet and I say no ! ''
They went on to say they also ask when they are getting married , giving Kate an idea of which roles they would like to take on , such as bridesmaids .
( Image : Instagram )
Kate continued : `` It 's actually really lovely how far we 've come .
`` And they say : 'Dad , are you going to do it yet ? ' so Rio 's thinking 'Oh God I 've got three kids and Kate thinking about it ! '
`` When are we gon na do it ! ''
While LG 's OLEDs might end up stealing the entire show , the South Korean manufacturer also has some pretty cool innovations in its audio department this year – including three new soundbars and one 400-watt Bluetooth speaker .
The soundbars include the LG SJ9 Sound Bar , LG SJ8 Sound Bar and LG SJ7 Sound Bar that can break apart and can be arranged in a stereo setup . The SJ9 on the other hand offers Dolby Atmos support alongside 24-bit Hi-Res Audio , while the SJ8 opts for a more low-profile approach and sits at just 1.5 inches tall .
The SJ8 and SJ9 will offer 4K signal pass through , 4K high resolution audio and , if you needed a cherry on top , will include Google Cast support which allows you to send audio streams from your phone directly to the speaker .
The SJ7 is a bit different . While it ca n't offer 4K passthrough or awesome 24-bit/192KHz up-conversion , it does snap in half for stereo sound or simulated surround sound . You achieve the latter , LG says , by placing one of the speakers behind where you 're sitting while the other sits directly in front of the TV . The speakers connect wirelessly , which means you wo n't need any ugly cords cluttering up your pristine home theater setup .
The two final announcements LG 's audio department is making for CES are the FJ7 portable speaker – a 400-watt powerhouse portable speaker – and two LOUDR full-size speakers .
All three of these products will be a bit on the larger side ( think guitar amp size ) which means they 're likely more suited for your next basement rave rather than a picnic at the beach . Still , a little versatility in products never hurt anyone .
All of the above will be available to demo at LG 's booth here at CES 2017 or , if you 're not lucky enough to join them here in Sin City , will be available to purchase later this year .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Morning News Brief : 'Unite The Right ' Rally In Charlottesville Turns Deadly After the deadly events in Virginia , President Trump blamed `` many sides . '' Those remarks did n't go far enough for some , who called on Trump to denounce the white supremacists behind the violence .
Editor 's note : Due the nature of these testimonies , the U.S. service members ' names have been withheld . Unrestricted reporting procedures were used by both individuals and the accusers were discharged from their respective military branch .
No matter how many times they said no , they continued . All they wanted was to be anywhere but there .
Now , two years later , they often find themselves still reliving that moment .
“ At work if I was zoning out , I was probably going back to the memory , ” said the U.S. Air Force Senior Airman , as they looked down at the floor , recounting the day at Ramstein Air Base , Germany , when they became a victim of sexual assault .
They said ‘ no . '
“ I think they were getting turned on by me telling them ‘ no , ' and they are n't going to stop , ” said the Senior Airman . “ I tried to pull myself off them and that 's when they got angry . They dragged me back by my hips , they put their forearm on my back and just held me there . ”
The Airman said they tried to keep from being present in the moment , disassociating themselves and thinking about activities that they needed to do the next day . Immediately after the assault , they noted the deep bruising along their hips . They were bleeding and a chunk of their hair was missing . They crawled into a ball and cried , realizing what damage had been done , externally and internally .
Sitting alongside the Airman , a U.S. Army Specialist recalled a similar experience in their dorm room at Fort Hood , Texas .
“ He rolled on top of me and I fought , of course , but they were heavy , ” said the Specialist . “ I still thought that I had control of the situation , that I could stop it if I wanted to . But when I asked them if they knew what ‘ no ' meant , they told me , ‘ No means yes and yes means , ' and they laughed in my face . That 's when I became afraid for the first time . ”
The assault would change the way they perceive the world around them
The Aftermath
The fear that resulted from their assault , said the Specialist , has immobilized them from enjoying activities they once participated in , driven mostly by a fear of men and large crowds .
“ Most of my personality has changed , ” they said . “ I laughed a lot . I went to parties a lot , I went out a lot . I enjoyed that stuff and I loved traveling . My biggest thing was I always wanted to see something new . Now , I have a heightened fear that keeps me from what I used to really enjoy . ”
While listening , the Airman added that connecting with others became difficult for the They consistently rejected invitations to hang-out because of the memories that certain environments evoked .
“ I guess because I met my rapist at a club , a place I used to enjoy , I do n't really go out as much anymore , ” the Airman said . “ When I [ arrived at Langley ] , one of my coworkers would always invite me out to parties and I would always be like , ‘ oh , I 'm busy . ' It 's hard because the drinking , being around people in a very hypersexualized environment , like a house party or going to the club , it just reminds me of my own experience . ”
For the Airman , it was easier to fabricate a reason to deny the invitations from their new coworkers than reveal the true cause .
The Specialist 's unit was aware of their assault and as a result , they recognized a shift in their team 's dynamic .
“ A lot of people were uncomfortable around me , ” said the Soldier . “ I did n't have as many people talk to me . The males would n't look me in the eye and the females that did talk to me , only did it for a short period of time . ”
Feeling isolated and alone , the Specialist said they felt the need to speak-up to others about how to care for survivors of sexual assault .
Changing the conversation
Approximately a year after their assault , the Specialist began telling their story with the goal of providing a face to such traumas .
“ It 's important [ to speak-up ] , because who else is going to show our side of it ? ” they asked . “ They always bring up that one scenario where you 're going to get drugged so watch your drink and it does n't happen . I was completely sober , they were completely sober , it was the middle of the day . It does n't happen in just one scenario and I think people just need to be more careful and to watch each other . ”
The idea of keeping an eye on one another rang especially true for the Senior Airman , whose best friend helped them cope after the assault .
“ Have someone there who grounds you . Your headspace is just going to be clouded with lots and lots of thoughts , ” they said . “ For myself , personally , thoughts of suicide , all of the time ; flashbacks of my assault , all of the time ; but having someone to check on you [ can make a difference . ] We need to teach more people to reach out to those who have been affected by sexual assault . ”
For the first six months , the Airman felt like they were only seen as a victim by those around them Now , through growth and healing , they aspire to change the conversation about sexual assault .
“ We are not perpetual victims , we were victimized at one point , but we do n't have to stay in that box forever , ” said the Airman . “ I 'm not a victim anymore . I 've grown from it , I 've learned from it , and I 'm trying to move on . ”
The Specialist echoed their sentiments by saying , “ We are not victims . A survivor is what you really are . ”
For more information about the Sexual Harassment , Assault Response and Prevention program or to contact the Fort Eustis SHARP office , call 501-7052 , or for the Langley Air Force Base Sexual Assault Response Prevention program , call 764-7272 .
NEWS INFO Date Taken : 04.17.2017 Date Posted : 04.17.2017 16:20 Story ID : 230630 Location : NEWPORT NEWS , VA , US Web Views : 11 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , From victims to survivors : changing the conversation about sexual assault , by A1C Kaylee Dubois , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United remain hopeful of landing Alvaro Morata after fresh talks between the striker 's agent and Real Madrid .
The Real Madrid and Spain striker has become Jose Mourinho 's top summer transfer target , with United confident they will land him .
United could complete a £65million deal as early as next week with Morata set to become their second signing of the summer .
And Morata 's agent Juanma Lopez met with Real officials in the Spanish capital on Wednesday , reports the Manchester Evening News .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : REUTERS )
Mourinho has made an orthodox striker their priority this summer after releasing the injured Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
Morata is their top target after also identifying Romelu Lukaku and Andrea Belotti as potential replacements for Ibrahimovic .
United 's pursuit of Morata has progressed rapidly over the past week - but Real 's valuation remains a sticking point .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mourinho is expected to spend in the region of £200m on four key signings this summer .
As well as Lindelof and Morata , they want to add a holding midfielder and a winger to a squad that fell so short of Premier League champions Chelsea last season .
AkzoNobel reduces CO2 emissions thanks to new bio-steam facility
Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs Henk Kamp , Eneco and Groningen Seaports opened a facility which will supply steam from biomass to the chemical park at Delfzijl in the Netherlands – primarily for AkzoNobel 's Specialty Chemicals site .
Eneco has converted its biomass plant into a combined heat and power ( CHP ) plant , which provides both electricity and steam from renewable biomass . The steam is transported via a pipeline constructed by Groningen Seaports .
The conversion has increased the efficiency of the Netherlands ' largest biomass plant – the same amount of biomass now produces twice as much renewable energy . The transition from fossil fuels to sustainably-produced steam means an additional 10 percent of AkzoNobel 's energy consumption in the Netherlands now comes from renewable sources , resulting in a reduction of 100,000 tons of CO2 emissions per year .
Minister Kamp said : “ The North of the Netherlands is leading the way in the transition to sustainable energy . The Northern provinces and municipalities were the first to have a plan for implementing the Dutch Energy Agreement . The chemical park in Delfzijl is underlining these ambitions by switching to sustainably produced steam . By doing this , the parties involved are not only investing in energy reduction and lower CO2 emissions , they are also contributing to the regional economy by enabling the sustainable growth of the chemical cluster . ”
Around 10 percent of total Dutch chemical production comes from Delfzijl and the industry is a major employer in the region . The project is further improving the long-term competitiveness of the cluster of chemical companies at the site . The three parties have jointly invested around €40 million in the project .
Eneco 's biomass plant processes around 300,000 tons of timber each year scrapped from demolition projects and waste to produce sustainable electricity and steam . AkzoNobel was already a significant consumer of electricity produced by the plant .
Groningen Seaports has built the required infrastructure to bring the steam to the chemical park , including the steam piping , which is also accessible to third parties . This makes the site more attractive for ( future ) factories , which will need steam for their production and supports the sustainable development of regional industries .
Eneco has entered into a 12-year contract with AkzoNobel for the supply of bio-steam . In addition , AkzoNobel will invest in the required infrastructure at the chemical park , offering continuity in the provision of a vital utility for other chemical companies at the location .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Betfred Super League Grand Final has all the makings of a classic — and more plot-lines than a bestseller .
There 's no getting away from the fact that full-back Zak Hardaker will be a loss for Castleford . They have been a key part of their success this season and is a past Grand Final winner so their absence for breaking club rules is a blow .
But the Tigers have others capable of stepping up — not the least Luke Gale , the new Steve Prescott Man of Steel .
He 's a player who has n't had it easy through their career but they never quit or stopped believing in himself .
( Image : Getty )
Cas have been outstanding all season .
They came up short in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals against Hull , but since then they 've answered most questions .
People wondered if they could keep winning in the Super Eights after they had topped the table — but they delivered emphatically .
Then , they had to dig very , very deep to beat a tough St Helens side in a classic semi-final .
( Image : X03816 )
Looking at Leeds , who would have thought they would be stepping out at Old Trafford after being beaten 66-10 at Castleford in March ?
Coach Brian McDermott still had absolute faith their team were capable of doing that , and the Rhinos deserve immense credit for it .
Now it comes down to a Grand Final , and teams who play different styles of rugby , both of which are attractive to watch .
( Image : PA )
Cas have been the most consistent team and beaten Leeds four times this year .
But they lack Grand Final experience , and the question will be whether they can win when it absolutely matters on the biggest stage .
Leeds have n't been able to beat Cas for a long time but have a team littered with Grand Final winning experience .
They also have the emotion of two of Super League 's greatest players Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow leaving them after the game .
( Image : Action Images )
Having spent 10 years at Leeds , I ca n't back against them .
I see them edging a tight contest .
poll loading Who will win the Super League Grand Final ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Castleford Tigers Leeds Rhinos
* Betfred - Passionate about Super League
Main page Enter RUS
Timber News About Magazine Archive Ad Rates Exhibitions Contacts
Go
LesPromFORUM Exhibition Newspaper
Conferences and seminars
Russian Forestry Review
Timber News MAXConference invites you to the 3rd international conference `` Timber & sawn wood market ''
| Print version
The event is expected to attract timber and sawn wood market 's participants including state regulators , timber exchanges , transport operators , processing plants , woodworking companies , sawn wood vendors and exporters . The conference 's delegates will have a chance to discuss together with Russia 's officials the recently approved state 's strategy of forest industry development up to 2030 . A special focus will be made on round timber exports restrictions and on opportunities to increase and develop wood processing plants in Russia .
Among key topics on the conference 's agenda are :
Trends in log and wood processing
Antimonopoly regulation : pricing issues
China- Russia wood and timber trade market
Timber and wood exchange trade
Changes in timber transportation
Timber transportation by river and in trucks Last year the conference was attended by experts from Russia , Italy , China , Germany , Finland , Cyprus and Belarus took part in the conference .
Among the 2017 delegates were representatives from : Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation , Federal Forestry Agency , Russian Forestry Executives Advanced Training Institute , SCANIA , Volvo , FESCO , Fright one , Greenpeace , Indufor , Kulberg Trading , Liebherr , Luke , Metsд Group , Ministry of forestry of Belarus , Renren , Belyi Ruchei , Compagnia del Legno , CTWPDA , ECOLINE , Eko Holz-und Pellethandel , EkoLesProm , Ernst & Young and many others .
For registration and program , please contact us by phone +7 ( 495 ) 775-07-40 or e-mail : info @ maxconf.ru
Follow us on The event will take place on April 6 , 2018 at the Intercontinental Hotel Moscow Tverskaya ( Tverskaya 22 ) .The event is expected to attract timber and sawn wood market 's participants including state regulators , timber exchanges , transport operators , processing plants , woodworking companies , sawn wood vendors and exporters . The conference 's delegates will have a chance to discuss together with Russia 's officials the recently approved state 's strategy of forest industry development up to 2030 . A special focus will be made on round timber exports restrictions and on opportunities to increase and develop wood processing plants in Russia.Among key topics on the conference 's agenda are : Last year the conference was attended by experts from Russia , Italy , China , Germany , Finland , Cyprus and Belarus took part in the conference.Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation , Federal Forestry Agency , Russian Forestry Executives Advanced Training Institute , SCANIA , Volvo , FESCO , Fright one , Greenpeace , Indufor , Kulberg Trading , Liebherr , Luke , Metsд Group , Ministry of forestry of Belarus , Renren , Belyi Ruchei , Compagnia del Legno , CTWPDA , ECOLINE , Eko Holz-und Pellethandel , EkoLesProm , Ernst & Young and many others.Follow us on Facebook
ARCHIVE : Timber News Magazine News
The `` affluenza '' teen , Ethan Couch , now 20 , is set to become a free man in a few weeks after serving their two-year sentence for violating the terms of the probation they received for their drunken driving crash in June 2013 that killed four people .
Couch will be released from the Tarrant County Jail on April 2 , according to Tarrant County Sheriff 's Office spokesperson David McClelland .
Couch became known as the “ affluenza ” teen after a witness at their original trial used the term in describing that Couch did n't know right from wrong as a result of their wealthy upbringing .
On June 15 , 2013 , Couch and passengers in their Ford F-350 pickup were speeding down Burleson-Retta Road when they crashed into a group of people trying to help a stranded motorist .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
After their conviction in juvenile court they were given probation that included orders to abstain from alcohol use . But in December 2015 a video surfaced of someone thought to be them playing a drinking game at a party . Their probation officer asked them to come in , but Couch did n't respond or appear at a scheduled meeting .
Instead , they fled Fort Worth with their mother , Tonya Couch , before the pair were located months later in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico .
They were taken into custody in February 2016 and brought back to Fort Worth .
© McClatchy Washington Bureau/the daily trump
`` it is obvious that the author of the paragraph complained of in the Florida proceedings would be a relevant witness in defamation proceedings which are entirely based on the allegations in that paragraph , in a jurisdiction where the plaintiffs have to prove that the allegations are false . ''
`` We 're thrilled that the English Court has ordered Mr. Steele to sit for their deposition , '' Fray-Witzer said . `` It was always amazing to us that they could talk as freely as they have to reporters around the world about the dossier , yet refuse to sit for a deposition about the same topics . ''
`` Buzzfeed published information about Mr. Gubarev and their companies that was unverified and untrue and they seem to be hoping to scuttle the deposition of the person most positioned to testify to those facts , '' they told TheDCNF .
The former British spy who wrote the infamous dossier has been ordered to appear for a deposition in a lawsuit over the salacious document filed in the U.S.A British court orderedwhich alleges that the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential campaign . Steele 's report was funded by the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee . BuzzFeed News published the 35-page document in Jan. 2017.a Russian business person named in the dossier , The dossier claims that Gubarev was recruited as a Russian spy and that their web hosting companies were used to infiltrate the DNC 's computer systems.Gubarev 's lawyers have tried for months to force the London-based Steele to provide a deposition for the lawsuit against BuzzFeed , which is being heard in federal court in Florida . Steele has resisted the efforts to provide a deposition , arguing that Gubarev 's lawyers are attempting to use their deposition in the BuzzFeed case in order to collect information for use in the lawsuit pending against them in the U.K.A judge on the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court in London ruled : Evan Fray-Witzer , a lawyer for Gubarev , praised the decision : Fray-Witzer told The Daily Caller News Foundation a date has not been set for the deposition , but will likely be held within the next 4-6 weeks . Fray-Witzer says that their team recently narrowed the scope of the information it sought from Steele.Fray-Witzer says that their team has agreed not to ask Steele about their sources . They also say that Steele has chosen not to appeal the decision .
© TONY GENTILE
but suffering from the trauma and broken bones you would associate with collisions ,
The flocks of starlings that create choreographed patterns in the skies over Rome have mysteriously lost their aplomb , with hundreds falling to their deaths after colliding with each otherNormally , they weave intricate shapes in the sky , twisting and turning in formations known as murmurations to deter predators while providing a show for locals.But at Porta Pia , one of the gates of Rome , and in other neighbourhoods , residents had to tiptoe around fallen birds ' bodies , while mopeds risked skidding on corpses crushed by passing cars.Millions of starlings migrate south during the winter to Rome , where they enjoy the warmth and the street lights that allow them to keep an eye out for predatory falcons . During the day they venture out of the city , feasting on olives before roosting in Rome 's plane trees and dumping tonnes of oily excrement on the streets , forcing locals to carry umbrellas.either with each other or with cables , '' they said.An abnormally large number of starlings heading for the same trees could have led to the collisions , while another cause could be attacks by predators , which create panic within the murmurations , they said . `` When attacked , starlings bump into each other and if one starling hits an obstacle , many others will follow behind and meet the same fate . `` just as the exact way the birds co-ordinated their murmurations remained a puzzle for scientists . `` We do n't really know what they are doing , '' they admitted .
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton 's mum
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Broadchurch viewers heaped praise on the show as it reached an emotional and incredible conclusion , with Trish Winterman 's rapist finally revealed .
During an intense finale , DI Alec Hardy and DS Ellie Miller discovered that Leo forced Clive Lucas ' son Michael to rape the unconscious woman .
Viewers were gripped by the storyline and seemed disappointed that it had come to an end .
One tweeted : `` Well done to all involved in all 3 series ... gutted it 's over , that will take some beating ''
A different fan wrote : `` # Broadchurch writing and acting as good as ever , tough subject matter to watch but well done all involved . Hardy and Miller will be missed . ''
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Another added : `` I firmly believe that # Broadchurch should have remained a one-series wonder . But , even at its worst , it 's still been enthralling television . ''
During the episode , Michael 's dad offered to go down for the crime , saying their son is `` just a boy '' and begged authorities to blame them - while it was revealed a remorseless Leo Humphreys also raped two other women through shocking footage found on their phone .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Asked about the attack , they disgustingly argued that as the women had already had sex , there was n't an issue .
Earlier in the finale , Clive continued to defend and protect their son , while DI Alec Hardy and DS Ellie Miller revealed the 16-year-old had been groomed by Leo .
`` Do n't make me do this , '' Clive begged as the duo asked them about the attack .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Broadchurch viewers were stunned during the series finale as Ed Burnett also admitted they heard Trish Winterman being raped - although they mistook it for `` drunken sex '' .
`` I heard them being raped . I did n't know that 's what it was . I was at the edge of the woods , this was after I fell . I heard some sounds coming from near the waterfall , I thought it was just drunk sex . I did n't realise was it was until later , '' they said .
Trish was tied up and gagged , never seeing their attacker , and making the job for the policing duo almost impossible .
Trish had been attacked at a friend Kath 's 50th birthday party - where a lot of men were present - and the list of suspects was a long one .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Hardy and Miller have been whittling down the suspects throughout the series , with the finger at the end of the last episode pointed firmly at Jim Atwood .
Jim 's DNA was found on Trish , but to make things more complicated , Trish had slept with Jim that morning , and Kath was very unhappy when they found out .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Kudos/Imaginary Friends/Sister Pictures/ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Meanwhile , the Latimer family have been trying to live their lives following the death of their son Danny .
After Joe Miller was acquitted of the crime , Danny 's dad Mark became obsessed with revenge and managed to track them down earlier this series .
Mark got Joe to finally confess to killing Danny ( but failing to secretly record it ) and it all got a bit too much for him .
They tried to kill themselves by going so far into the sea that he 'd drown , but they were rescued and taken to hospital .
Their wife , Beth , who became a counsellor and has been helping Trish since the rape , took them back into the house in a bid to help them see that life is worth living .
© REUTERS/ Peter Nicholls
© REUTERS/ Parliament TV
There 's an embarrassing lack of hard evidence or credible logic to make the British claims stand up .
whose country has been illegally blowing up countries and killing millions of innocents for decades
It 's just too much of a coincidence . The dramatic ramping up of Cold War-like hostility towards Russia by Britain and its NATO allies dovetails with major military setback for these same powers in Syria.The plausible connection is this : the attempted smearing of Russia over the apparent poison-assassination plot in Britain is being used by Britain and the United States to push their desired military intervention in Syria to topple the Assad government.Less coincidence ; more synchronicity.In Britain , the apparent poisoning of a former Russian spy living in exile with a nerve agent is being sensationally blamed on Moscow . Moscow has rejected official British allegations that its state agents were responsible for the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal and their daughter in the southern English town of Salisbury on March 4.Suspicion stems from the whirlwind speed with which the British authorities have formulated their charges against Russia through a saturated media campaign.Where 's the evidence for the alleged Soviet-era `` Novichok '' nerve agent that the British authorities claim to have detected ? And indeed where exactly are the Skripal father and daughter , reportedly confined to hospital intensive care ? Prime Minister Theresa May 's dramatic announcement in the House of Commons this week blaming Russia for attempted murder and then expulsion of `` Russian spies '' from Britain , followed by an unprecedented joint statement of `` solidarity '' from the leaders of Britain , the US , France and Germany - all suggests a choreographed script to impugn Moscow as an international pariah.It 's all sound and fury signifying nothing , as Shakespeare would say.But the wider , unspoken significance may be the huge strategic loss unfolding for Britain and its NATO allies in Syria . For the past month , the Syrian state forces and its Russian ally have been closing in on the last-remaining stronghold of the Western-backed militants occupying the suburb of Eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus.These militant groups - some of whom like al-Nusra Front are internationally proscribed terrorist organizations - have been holding Eastern Ghouta under a reign of terror for the past six years.Today , Western news media can no longer conceal the fact that tens of thousands of civilians are being liberated from terrorist-besieged Eastern Ghouta , just as they were previously in other cities like Aleppo and Homs.In desperation to salvage their regime-change plot , the US and its NATO allies have recently begun threatening to intervene militarily in Syria . The recurring pretext is the alleged use of chemical weapons by Syrian state forces.Earlier this week , American ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley warned that the US would unilaterally order military strikes against the Syrian `` regime '' on the basis that chemical weapons are allegedly being used against civilians . They said : `` We warn any nation that is determined to impose its will through chemical attacks and human suffering , most especially the outlaw Syrian regime , the United States is prepared to act if we must . `` The British and French have made similar warnings of `` striking '' Syria over chemical weapons.Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov slammed Haley 's remarks about unilateraland unacceptable . `` May we remind you that any use of force against Damascus based on far-fetched pretexts is unacceptable , '' they said.Separately , Russia 's top military commander , General Valery Gerasimov , also rebuked the Americans for their proposed military escalation in Syria . They said thatWashington and its British and French allies are intensely chafed by the fact that Russia is thwarting their imperialist scheming in Syria.This is where the chemical-weapon incident in Britain comes into play . The media campaign mounted by the British government is aimed at undermining Russia 's moral and legal authority.In drumming up support this week , British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson wrote a revealing opinion piece in The Washington Post . Johnson vilified Russian President Vladimir Putin for `` reckless defiance of essential international rules . '' Which is rather nauseating comingAnyway , here 's the revealer . Johnson accused Russia of `` immense efforts to conceal the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime in Syria '' . Then they go on : `` How much easier does it become for a state to deploy chemical weapons when its government has already sought to hide their use by others ? I would draw a connection between Putin 's indulgence of Assad 's atrocities in Syria and the Russian state 's evident willingness to employ a chemical weapon on British soil . `` Never mind thatDamascus has repeatedly and unequivocally stated that it has not used these munitions ; that its stockpile wasThe groups that have most probably used toxic substances against civilians in Syria are the NATO-sponsored terrorist proxies who have sought to stage `` false flag '' provocations as pretexts for military intervention by Washington and its allies.The American and British assertion that Russia has `` concealed '' the use of chemical weapons by Syrian government forces is an obscene distortion of reality -Ironically , the same provocation with chemical weapons is apparently being orchestrated in Britain . Assertion , allegation , innuendo , media saturation , bombast and barefaced lies are again employed to denigrate and demonize.The audacious thing is how the `` dramas '' are being synchronized in two different countries . Smearing and undermining Russia with alleged chemical-weapon attacks in Britain is being parlayed to over-ride Russia and the UN Security Council with regard to Syria.Taken together , the provocations in Britain and Syria are being engineered to give Washington and its NATO accomplices a license to kill in even greater numbers in Syria for their regime-change objective .
8th Ave closed near 42nd St. after a pipe bomb explodes at Port Authority bus terminal . One person suffered minor injuries . Traffic gridlocked inbound . pic.twitter.com/fwy8RMbVcr — Derick Waller ABC7NY ( @ wallerABC7 ) December 11 , 2017
A man is in custody after an explosion Monday morning in the subway under the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan that Mayor Bill de Blasio called `` an attempted terrorist attack . `` A pipe bomb affixed to the suspect with Velcro straps detonated at about 7:20 a.m. in a passageway between subway lines that runs a full city block under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th AvenuesThe 27-year-old suspect , identified as Akayed Ullah , was injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in their arms.He is alert and conscious but badly injured at Bellevue Hospital , sources say . `` Preliminary investigation at the scene indicates that this male was wearing an improvised low-tech explosive device attached to their body . They intentionally detonated that device , '' said NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill.The man , whose address is in Brooklyn , is from Bangladesh and has been in the United States seven years.Ullah has told authorities that they are self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda , sources said . They have a brother in a Brooklyn school that authorities are now trying to find.Four civilians suffered minor injuries . `` This was an attempted terrorist attack , '' said de Blasio at a news conference . `` Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals. '' Gov . Andrew Cuomo asked New Yorkers to be alert but go about their lives . `` Let 's go back to work , '' they said . `` We 're not going to allow them to disrupt us . `` The bus terminal was temporarily closed but has now re-opened .. The NYPD is on high alert searching for any related activity at the Port Authority and on the subway system but none has been reported so far.There was a massive police response in the area surrounding the terminal.Authorities confirm the bomb squad searched for a second possible device , which is normal procedure after an explosion.Streets were closed off in the vicinity of the bus terminal . The closures in Midtown go from 7th to 9th Avenues , and 40th to 45th Streets . No cars are allowed to exit the FDR Drive from 59th Street to 42nd StreetSubway service was disrupted throughout the morning , but service is returning to normal. -- 1 , 2 , 3 , N , Q , R , W and 7 trains have resumed making station stops at Times Sq-42 St with delays. -- 42 St shuttle train service has resumed. -- Expect delays on A , B , C , E , L and M train service in both directions. -- A , C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.The NYPD , FDNY and first responders are on the scene.The White House says President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.Chicago police said Monday morning that there are no credible threats to Chicago . As a precaution , Superintendent Eddie Johnson has increased patrols around CTA , Metra rail and major transit hubs . Anyone who sees anything strange is urged to call 911 .
© Deslee Oldham Facebook
THERE have been reports of a house-shaking thud in Killarney after the meteorite was spotted in our skies last night.Our sister paper , the Warwick Daily News reported the buzz on social media : Brigitte Jones said , Madeline Wilkins posted `` I 'm in Toowoomba and saw a burning light in the sky maybe a meteorite , heading that direction just before I saw this post ... Maybe related ? `` Killarney resident Krissy Bloomfield said , `` On Brosnan Rd kids saw what we thought shooting star just before the bang . `` Some residents reported thinking the noise was thunder or fireworks.Louise Reed from the Queen Mary Falls Caravan Park posted , `` We heard it up here too . It looked like a shooting star right before it and then bang . `` And this from Krystal N Lillee Cook , `` We heard it in oak street ...
WIAA BASEBALL REGIONAL SEMIFINALS
Division 4
# 1 Gilman 13 , # 5 Flambeau 6
Next : WIAA Div . 4 regional final , # 3 Thorp at # 1 Gilman , Wednesday at 4 p.m .
Division 2
# 2 Rhinelander , 7 , # 3 Medford 6
Medford ends its season 13-12
WIAA DIV . 2 TOMAHAWK GOLF SECTIONAL
1 . Lakeland , 319
2 . Rice Lake , 323
3 . Northwestern , 323
4 . Medford , 327
5 . Ashland , 341
6 . McDonell-Regis , 342
7 . Amery , 348
8 . West Salem , 350
9 . Neillsville-Loyal , 354
10 . St. Croix Central , 362
11 . Black River Falls , 368
12 . Barron , 415
Lakeland and Rice Lake qualify for state
Individual state qualifiers : John Birnbaum , Mosinee , 70 ; Trevor Priem , Northwestern , 75 ; Jared Weber , Neillsville-Loyal , 76 .
Medford results : T6 . Tyler Kadlecek , 78 ; T10 . Ryan Perrin , 80 ; T20 . Dain Strick , 83 ; T33 . Payton Nelson , 86 ; 65 . Brady Tlusty , 99 .
GIRLS SOCCER
Medford 7 , Altoona 5
Medford finishes regular season 6-7
Next : WIAA Div . 3 regional semifinals , # 5 Mosinee at # 4 Medford , Thursday at 5 p.m .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A heartbroken family have described their disappointment after a dream New Year holiday at Disneyland Paris were left in tatters when their flight from Liverpool Airport was cancelled AFTER they boarded .
Easyjet passengers had been taking their seats on flight 7045 to the French capital on Friday night when they were told they had to return to the airport lounge .
And , speaking to the Liverpool Echo , they told how children were left in tears after staff announced the plane would not be leaving – because delays caused by bad weather meant the crew had worked over their hours .
One mum said there was a “ stampede ” to a customer service desk to snap up any alternative flights , but most were left disappointed .
( Photo : Handout )
The budget airline has apologised to passengers whose travel plans were affected .
Morgan Russell , 26 , and partner Mike Arrowsmith from Buckley in North Wales , were heading to Paris on a surprise New Year holiday for children Ella-Rose , two and Jayden , seven .
They said : “ The plane was delayed , which was fine , then we started to board the plane .
“ People were in front of us then everybody started turning around to get off . Nobody knew what was going on .
“ They said there was an issue with the pilot 's hours .
“ We were the last to board and I could hear one of the crew saying ‘ You must have known this before we boarded ' . ”
( Photo : AFP )
Morgan , who works on the children 's ward at the Countess of Chester hospital , said the couple had saved for more than a year to pay for the £2,000 break .
They surprised Jayden and Ella-Rose on Christmas Day , with Disney balloons and a lightbox message from Father Christmas telling them they were going to Disneyland .
They said it was left to staff back in the airport to tell passengers that their flight had been cancelled – and they were told any other flights would be filled on a “ first come , first served ” basis .
They added : “ The lady was doing their best , but it was the worst thing they could have said .
“ Everyone just started running to the service desk and I thought ‘ there 's no chance now ' . My daughter was clinging to me – it was like a stampede .
“ There were no other flights from Liverpool until Tuesday . We looked at driving and there were flights from Manchester on Saturday night but it would have cost £1,800 just for that .
“ We booked our hotel separately , so we 've lost the money .
( Photo : Handout )
“ Even if we get the maximum compensation from easyJet , it will only come to 1,000 euros . They 've said the weather was to blame so we do n't know if our travel insurance will pay out .
“ I had to stop myself from crying in front of the children . Ella-Rose is only two so they do n't understand , but they have been asking if we 're going swimming and if she 'll see the princesses . ”
Chris Hughes , 54 , from West Derby , was travelling to Disneyland Paris with wife Susan and daughters Sophie , 19 , and Millie , eight .
They said : “ They ushered us into a lounge and said that we could make our own alternative travel arrangements with other flights , but there were no other flights that day .
“ I was dumbfounded , especially as they 'd already put us on the plane . They could n't get a back-up crew and did n't have one in place .
“ There was a family from Blackpool who did n't know how they were getting back , but my son is a taxi driver and they took them home . ”
Mr Hughes said the only other flights they could find were from Manchester which would have meant forking out £470 for each family member .
An easyJet spokesperson told the ECHO : “ Unfortunately , due to freezing fog at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and earlier delays due to adverse weather in Amsterdam , easyJet was unable to operate flight EZY7045 from Liverpool to Paris on 30 December as its crew had exceeded their legal operating hours .
“ We would like to apologise to all passengers whose plans were impacted by the cancellation . ”
Pop Culture Happy Hour : 'Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lynn Johnson/Focus Features Lynn Johnson/Focus Features
It 's easy to be skeptical of a documentary about Fred Rogers , who hosted Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood on public television for decades . Rogers has achieved , as the film acknowledges , an almost saint-like status , and the mission of Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? is not to uncover some secret dark side of the man — as far as you 'll know walking out , there was n't one .
How , then , to make this story interesting ? It would not be enough to have endless talking-head interviews with people speaking admiringly of a person already widely admired . Director Morgan Neville , who also made the Oscar-winning 20 Feet From Stardom , does feature those interviews — with Rogers ' family ( including their boundlessly charming wife Joanne ) , with collaborators like Yo-Yo Ma and François Scarborough Clemmons ( who played the police officer ) , and with people who worked on the crew . But they are not the only thing they have up their sleeve .
What Neville has made is a film about goodness . And their thesis is not that Fred Rogers was good in precisely the way we should all be good . They are not telling you to be a children 's television host , impenetrably pleasant , speaking in a soft voice with a puppet on your hand , suspicious of entertainment that rises above a gentle murmur . Neville is not pretending the world would be good or interesting if we were all precisely this . Their thesis is that Fred Rogers found the way to be good , to contribute , that worked for him , given their particular flavor of Christianity , their talents , their temperament , and their limitations . For example , Joanne Rogers says at one point that they and their husband both were raised to swallow their anger , and taught that anger was bad . They do n't speak of that as a positive thing , but they channeled the sometimes peculiar affect it created in them into something good .
The intent , it seems , is not to make you nostalgic for Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood as much as to make you restless , considering what you have to offer that people will look back on with such admiration .
To hear our conversation about the film with Daisy Rosario , subscribe to Pop Culture Happy Hour or listen to the audio on this page .
Indian Wells : The stars are finally starting to align for Juan Martin Del Potro who will be seeking their third straight ATP title at the Miami Masters this week .
The South Florida showcase got an additional boost on Sunday when Del Potro saved three championship points to hand world number one Roger Federer their first loss of 2018 in a thrilling 6-4 , 6-7 ( 8/10 ) , 7-6 ( 7/2 ) victory at the Indian Wells Masters .
With the win , combined with injuries to Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray , it is now looking like Del Potro is the biggest threat to Federer 's rule over the ATP Tour .
`` It 's time to celebrate this because I made the big effort to win it , '' Del Potro said . `` And then be ready for Miami . It is one of my favourite tournaments on tour .
`` Many Latino-American people are expecting my game there . That makes me feel special . I would like to keep surprising myself and see how far I can go . ''
Del Potro , 29 , captured their second ATP title in a row and recorded their biggest victory since their comeback from multiple wrist surgeries .
Federer was 17-0 on the season heading into the Indian Wells final which was a personal best for him .
Del Potro said the first order of business when they get to South Florida is to do some celebrating with their team .
`` I can not tell you , '' they joked of their party plans . `` It will be Miami , maybe tomorrow , but that 's enough . ''
Del Potro also won the title earlier this month in Acapulco , where they beat three top eight players in a row to clinch their 21st singles crown .
They are back in the top ten rankings this season for the first time since 2014 . They dropped to No . 1,045 before beginning their comeback from the left wrist surgeries in 2016 .
On Monday , Del Potro moved up to No . 6 in the rankings .
`` I do n't care about the numbers . I just want to keep winning titles , '' they said .
Del Potro said something changed for them in their career when they upset then world number one Djokovic in the first round of the 2016 Rio Olympics .
`` After the Djokovic match , my tennis life changed , '' they said . `` I feel happy again with my tennis life .
`` I won the Davis Cup and I say , 'Okay , I do n't have any more pressure to play tennis because I won everything that I what . ' ''
But there was still one thing missing on their resume and that was a Masters 1000 title which they earned by beating Federer .
`` I have everything that I want , and I want to keep improving my game to see what can I do , '' they said .
Federer goes to Miami licking their wounds after losing their fourth of six career finals to Del Potro . Overall they hold a commanding 18-7 lead but in finals it 's a different story , including the 2009 US Open which Del Potro won 3-6 , 7-6 ( 7/5 ) , 4-6 , 7-6 ( 7/4 ) , 6-2 .
`` Should I have won the US Open final I do n't know , '' Federer said . `` I could have . Should have . I did n't . Same today .
`` I am not sure why the final record is what it is . Most of them have gone the distance . It 's been tough against him . ''
Houston Woman Celebrates Independence Day With The Wrong Flag When their grandson was looking at the World Cup schedule , they noticed that their July Fourth shirt is the Panamanian flag , the BBC reports . They plan to continue wearing the shirt — it 's tradition .
Dunkin ' Donuts coffee and and doughnuts
Dunkin ' Brands
The debate rages — is it donut or doughnut ?
Spelling will take a backseat to savings this Friday for National Doughnut Day — or National Donut Day in some circles .
Shops across the country are marking the day with fried freebies and delectable deals .
Celebrated annually on the first Friday in June , the day of the pastry was established in 1938 to honor The Salvation Army Donut Lassies , women who served the treats to soldiers during World War I .
`` The doughnut was and continues to be a symbol of the comfort and support that The Salvation Army provides to more than 23 million people in need each year , '' said Lt. Col. Ward Matthews , Salvation Army secretary for national community relations and development in a statement .
Attention donut lovers , # NationalDonutDay is this Friday and we 're asking you to celebrate with us by giving donuts to someone in your life who deserves a sweet surprise . Learn more : https : //t.co/q2nAAz0dAX pic.twitter.com/nCYgDDoN2g — Salvation Army USA ( @ SalvationArmyUS ) May 29 , 2018
This year , the Salvation Army is marking the day with events across the country and has teamed up with Entenmann 's to host “ Do Good Donut Parties ” to deliver treats to more than 8,500 veterans . Find the events at www.salvationarmyusa.org .
Expect doughnut shops and bakeries to be crowded Friday even if they 're not giving away free treats .
Brad Plothow , vice president of brand and communications for Womply , a small business software provider , said the made-up holiday is a big day for bakeries .
“ People do n't spend more but far more people pack into bakeries looking for a treat , resulting in lots more dough for local bakeries , ” Plothow said .
The doughy deals
Participation and offers can vary by location and unless otherwise noted these deals are only available June 1 while supplies last . To be on the safe side , check with your closest location .
BI-LO : Get a 50 % discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday . Plus through 11 p.m . ET Friday , say why you love doughnuts on the grocer 's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year .
Burger King : The fast-food chain is cutting a hole in its Whopper sandwich to create the “ first flame-grilled donut ” at five select restaurants in New York , Los Angeles , Miami , Boston and Salt Lake City . The Whopper Donut only available Friday comes with a “ free ” mini slider , which is the donut hole of the burger .
Clinton Hall : Through Friday , get the “ Twisted Donut Burger ” with a side of fries for $ 16 . The limited-time burger is a twist on the New York restaurant 's grilled cheese doughnut and has bacon , jalapenos and Twisted Tea-infused icing .
Cumberland Farms : From 5 a.m. to 10 a.m. Friday , get a free doughnut with purchase of any dispensed beverage , which includes hot or iced coffee , fountain or frozen beverages . This deal is only valid at new concept or remodeled locations .
The Dough Bar : Through Sunday , the company featured on Shark Tank for making protein doughnuts offers 10 % off all orders plus one free doughnut and one free crispy bar . Plus , it has 11 new limited flavors available this week while supplies last .
Duck Donuts : Get one free classic doughnut Friday , including bare , cinnamon sugar or powdered sugar . No purchase necessary and also get a buy-one-get-one free doughnut coupon redeemable through June 17 .
Duffy 's Sports Grill : On Friday , get a free order of Red Velvet doughnuts at all locations . Limit one order per table .
Dunkin ' Donuts : Get a free classic doughnut of your choice with the purchase of any beverage all day Friday while supplies last .
# NationalDonutDay is coming , Friday 6/1 ! Treat Do ' Self to a FREE donut with the purchase of any beverage . 🍩🎉❤️ pic.twitter.com/9Z0ERZBmno — Dunkin ' Donuts ( @ dunkindonuts ) May 30 , 2018
Edible Arrangements : The chain has launched new Edible Donuts made with granny smith apples , chocolate and a variety of toppings . On Friday , get a free doughnut and from June 2-6 any size or combo is buy-one-get-one free .
Entenmann 's : The baked goods brand is accepting entries through June 30 for its Chief Donut Officer Contest at www.chiefdonutofficer.com for the chance to win the honorary title and prizes including $ 5,000 and a year 's supply of donuts .
Fractured Prune Doughnuts : Get get a free “ OC Sand ” doughnut at participating stores Friday .
Fresco y Más : Get a 50 % discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday . Plus through 11 p.m . ET Friday , say why you love doughnuts on the store 's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year .
Giant Eagle : Get a dozen doughnuts for $ 3.99 Friday at 175 corporate and 54 independently-owned and operated Market District supermarkets throughout western Pennsylvania , Ohio , north central West Virginia and Maryland . Also , GetGo Café + Market stores will have a buy-one-get-one free doughnut deal . Both offers require the chain 's Advantage Card .
Harveys : Get a 50 % discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday . Plus through 11 p.m . ET Friday , say why you love doughnuts on the grocer 's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year .
Honey Dew Donuts : Get a free S'More Donut with the purchase of any medium or larger beverage Friday at participating locations . Limit one per customer , while supplies last .
Krispy Kreme : No purchase is necessary to get one free doughnut Friday .
LaMar 's Donuts : Get any doughnut with a hole for free on Friday with a Golden Ticket coupon , which you can print or show on your smartphone .
Martin 's Super Market : Get a free doughnut from the case or $ 1 off a dozen donuts Friday .
Papa John 's : Get a free order of the pizza chain 's warm donut holes Friday with any online purchase . Starting June 2 , use promo code DONUT for a free order with any purchase of two pizzas .
Potbelly Sandwich Shop : While not a National Doughnut Day deal , June 1 is the chain 's 41st birthday and it 's offering Potbelly Perks members a free sandiwch with purchase of a sandwich . To join , sign up at www.potbelly.com/perks or download the Android or iPhone app .
For # NationalDonutDay we 've got something big in the works . Well , technically small , but also big . And sweet . pic.twitter.com/km74ekyiWv — Papa John 's Pizza ( @ PapaJohns ) May 30 , 2018
Rise Biscuits Donuts : All locations will donate 100 % of Friday 's sales of the Chocolate Icing Donut to a local food bank .
Shipley Do-Nuts : Get one free glazed do-nut Friday from 5 a.m. to noon for what the Texas-based chain is calling “ National Do-Nut Day . ”
Sugar Shack Donuts & Coffee : The Virginia-based chain offers a daily freebie with varying requirements . Recent examples include a free house donut for those whose name started with W or for wearing College Alma Mater swag . Find out the daily freebie on Sugar Shack 's social media accounts .
Strike gold this # NationalDonutDay ! The first in-restaurant Guest after 6am on June 1st to ask for the “ Gold Timbits® ” at selected locations in Buffalo , Columbus and Detroit will have a chance to win free donuts for a year ! No purchase necessary : https : //t.co/CtYpr3Nyrt pic.twitter.com/rNPDHTQ967 — Tim Hortons U.S. ( @ TimHortonsUS ) May 25 , 2018
Tim Hortons : Only five U.S. locations will have “ Gold Timbits ” and the first guest to ask for them after 6 a.m. Friday at the select locations will get the edible 24k gold-covered Timbits for free and win free doughnuts for a year . It 's a hunt to find the locations but company officials say they 're in the Detroit , Columbus , Ohio , and Buffalo , N.Y .
Walmart : Get one free glazed doughnut at all Walmart stores Friday . The retailer expects to give 1.2 million doughnuts Friday .
Winn-Dixie : Get a 50 % discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday . Plus through 11 p.m . ET Friday , say why you love doughnuts on the grocer 's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year .
More deals : Locally-owned businesses and smaller chains also may have deals Friday . One of the easiest ways to find out is to check social media channels .
Kelly Tyko is a consumer columnist and retail reporter for Treasure Coast Newspapers and TCPalm.com , part of the USA TODAY NETWORK . Read their Bargainista tips at TCPalm.com/Bargainista and follow them on Twitter @ KellyTyko . Sign up for their weekly newsletter at www.tcpalm.com/featured-newsletter/bargainistabest .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump was given an ugly 'welcome home ' on their first return to their New York penthouse since becoming President .
Thousands of angry protesters filled the streets opposite Trump Tower in Manhattan carrying placards denouncing Trump and chanted : `` New York hates you ''
Trump sunk to a new low over the weekend when they took three days to finally condemn white supremacists who sparked violence in Charlottesville , Virginia .
It left protester Heather Heyer dead while two State Troopers also died when their helicopter crashed during the security operation .
Far-right supporter James Alex Fields Jr , 20 , has been charged with murder over Heather 's death after they ploughed their car into a crowd .
A further 20 were injured .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
Despite the horror , Trump only issued a hurried condemnation of the neo-Nazi thugs after days of intense criticism .
Speaking from the White House , the President said racist violence had `` no place in America '' and branded racism `` evil . ''
Fury as Donald Trump refuses to directly condemn white supremacists who chanted Nazi slogan in Charlottesville rally
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
Downing Street says Donald Trump 's statements are ' a matter for him ' after they fail to directly condemn white supremacists
But it was too little too late for many who believe the President has emboldened far-Right extremists in the US with their racist comments .
They will stay in Trump Tower on Monday night for the first time since their inauguration in January .
And protesters made sure the 71-year-old New Yorker faced an unpleasant return home .
Dozens of sanitation trucks were lined up in front of the hotel to protect the lobby , but in the end the President 's motorcade snuck in via a side entrance .
Trump returned to Washington from their New Jersey golf club on Monday morning to take meetings .
( Image : Splash News )
They met with FBI director Andrew McCabe and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , and announced the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the Charlottesville car attack .
Trump said : `` To anybody who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered .
`` As I said on Saturday , we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence . It has no place in America .
And as I have said many times before , no matter the colour of our skin , we all live under the same laws . We all salute the same great flag . And we are all made by the same almighty god .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
`` We must love each other , show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry and violence . We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans .
`` Racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ''
They added : `` Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America . ''
They paid tribute to the young woman killed in the attack , Heather Heyer .
`` He death fills us with grief , '' they said . `` And we send their family our thoughts , our prayers and our love . ''
They also paid tribute to the two Virginia state troopers , Jay Cullen and Berke Bates , who died in a helicopter accident while policing the rally .
Washington : An Indian-origin man has been arrested in the US after they went on a violent , naked rampage , threatening to shoot staffers at an Indian eatery -- all because the restaurant put onions in theirs food .
Police arrested Yuba Raj Sharma , 43 , after the confrontation at the India restaurant , in Oakland , Pittsburgh , and charged them with terroristic threats , indecent exposure , resisting arrest and public drunkenness .
The argument began when servers put onions in Sharma 's order , WPXI-TV reported .
They returned the next day drunk and angry , restaurant owner Ravinder Singh told police .
According to the criminal complaint , Sharma was so drunk and difficult that they became `` dead weight '' as police tried to put them in a patrol car .
The owner of the restaurant told police that Sharma visited twice this week . The owner said Sharma was eating there and `` acting belligerent , '' according to the complaint .
The owner said Sharma was `` intoxicated '' when they returned on June 6 , and was told that they were not welcome at the restaurant , according to a police report . That is when Sharma `` became angry '' and `` irate '' refusing to leave , the report said .
According to the complaint , Sharma told the owner that `` he was going to shoot him , '' then the owner saw Sharma make `` a motion that they had a gun in their pants . ''
After 911 was called , Sharma pulled down their pants exposing themselves while verbally taunting the owner and another staff member , police documents said , according to Action 4 News .
The owner initially did not want to pursue charges , but changed their mind after Sharma `` continued to shout back toward the restaurant '' and ignore police commands , the complaint said .
Ultimately , the owner told police that they `` no longer felt safe in their restaurant and wanted to pursue charges , '' the complaint said .
Sharma was so drunk that police said they were speaking `` nonsense , '' and at one point , they told an officer that `` he got into an argument with staff because they put onions in their food , '' according to the complaint .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Firms are being urged to ban Valentine 's Day in the workplace – or risk sexual harassment allegations .
With February 14 just round the corner , bosses have been advised to clamp down on cheeky cards and romantic messages in case they lead to employment tribunals .
The move comes in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal , reports of shameful scenes at the President 's Club charity gala and the banning of promo girls at F1 races and darts .
Business support group ELAS , which issued the advice , admitted it might seem “ a bit extreme and killjoy ” .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
But ELAS solicitor Emma O'Leary said : “ The potential for a Valentine 's card , text or any form of romantic or sexual message to cause offence is very real . Many businesses are actually seeking to ban the day all together .
“ Every day headlines are full of reports on sexual harassment which may seem far removed from our own working lives but this could n't be further from the truth . ”
Emma , an employment law consultant , added : “ On the face of things a Valentine 's Day card , flowers or a cheeky comment appear harmless .
“ But there is a very real capability of this turning more sinister and causing offence , which could lead to an employee feeling harassed . ”
( Image : Getty )
The advice is likely to divide opinion after critics slammed the banning of girls at darts and grand prix events as “ too extreme ” .
Model Kelly Brook accused the Professional Darts Corporation of taking away women 's right to make their own choices . They said : “ It has probably not even occurred to these PC campaigners that the women might actually like the work . ”
Last October , a BBC study showed that over half of women have experienced sexual harassment at work .
The same month , Manchester biscuit factory employee Lisa Vickers was awarded £10,000 by an employment tribunal after a boss behaved inappropriately .
( Image : SWNS )
Lisa filed a complaint after getting a birthday card from a manager which read : “ Lisa it 's your birthday , I bet you 're thrilled to bits , but not as much as I would be if I could feel your t * * s ! ! ”
Last month Parliament launched an inquiry into sexual harassment of women in public places . Late last year a string of high-profile politicians were accused of sexual misconduct at Westminster , with several resignations .
Lawyer Emma added : “ It 's clearly happening and it 's something that employers need to take seriously .
“ Romance is not dead but it 's advisable to keep it out of the workplace . ”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of young people are under-estimating the real cost of student accommodation , a report has suggested .
More than one in five current and soon-to-be students expect to splurge between 51 % and 75 % of their loan on rent over the next year , a poll by Uniplaces.com found - that 's £51 to £100 a week - or £400 a month .
A further 17 % predict the cost to be as high as £150 a week - admitting they may have to borrow from friends and family to make ends meet .
However , experts say they 're hugely in the dark about the actual cost of life away from home .
Uniplaces - which specialises in student accommodation - said the average cost of a room in a hall of residence is £543 per month , which equates to around £135 a week , based on a comparison across 20 institutions .
It comes on the week of A Level results day - the day millions of students in England , Wales and Northern Ireland will find out whether they qualify for a place in higher education .
How many students spend on housing £135 How much housing costs the average student a week in the UK Source : Uniplaces
Uniplaces.com chief executive Ben Grech said : `` As we start a new university year , many students will be finalising where they are going to live .
`` We 've found through our research that there is a major discrepancy in the student cost of living across the country , and that while £150 per week may be more than you need in the North , in the South the housing is more expensive and it will push the upper limits of any student 's budget .
`` We also found that a lot of young people are relying on their student loans to get them a place to live . ''
Student Tenant 's tips to save on university rent
1 . Make sure you 're not paying council tax
If you 're living in student accommodation with other students , you wo n't have to pay any council tax for the duration of your university course .
You 're classed as a full-time student for council tax rules if :
You 're aged over 18 and you 're studying at a university , college , or similar .
Your university course lasts for at least 24 weeks in the year .
Your university course involves at least 21 hours of study per week .
Students living in student halls of residence will automatically be exempt , and will not be required to tell the council .
However if you live in a house share , it 's likely that you 'll receive a council tax bill during your tenancy . All you 'll need to do is get in contact with your local council and apply for student exceptions . Usually , you 'll be required to give them your name , student number and university course , and they 'll be able to arrange your exception electronically for you .
If you 're living in a student house with someone who is n't a student , they will have to pay council tax for living in the property , and will be responsible for paying it . They 'll be eligible for a 25 % discount off the total council tax bill for living with student housemates .
2 . Use less energy
Cutting down how much you 've spent on bills will add up in the long-run , and a few small changes will help bring your bills down .
Feeling cold ? Rather than putting on the thermostat , just chuck on a thick-woolly jumper . You 've already paid for the jumper , so why purchase heating what you do slip on something to keep you warm .
Choosing an energy saving light bulb will save you up-to £10 on your electricity bill per light bulb . That 's right , £10 a year , just for changing to a £3 energy efficient light bulb .
Switching off the lights . If you 're not in the room , turn the lights off . You 're going to be wasting power , and throwing money away if you 're not using it .
Do n't block radiators - Avoid putting the sofa in front of the radiator as it will absorb a lot of heat , preventing it from warming up the rest of the house . Wash clothes at a lower temperature - Dropping the temperature of your washing machine can help save on electricity , so next time you 're doing a standard wash , drop it down a notch . Limit showers to fewer than 10 minutes - Rather than spend hours in the shower , use a timer to keep your showers short and sharp . Unplug devices - It may sound like a hassle , but money can be saved by unplugging the TV , hair straighteners , games consoles and other devices at the mains , rather than leaving them on standby . Use the kettle to boil water when cooking - When cooking pasta or rice , use the kettle to boil water instead of heating a pan on the stove . When making a cup of tea or coffee , only boil the water you need . Use of the microwave - When possible , cook food in the microwave , rather than in an electric oven . Microwaving food such as a jacket potato for 10 minutes instead of oven cooking for an hour can save around £2.50 a week according to British Gas experts .
3 . Student accommodation insurance
Check your parent 's cover . If your parents have home insurance , the perishables in your student house may be automatically covered under the ‘ temporarily removed from the home ' section . The cover will only apply whilst you 're living at university and if your parent 's home is your permanent address .
If you are in need of insurance , do n't assume that student insurance is cheaper .
Be wary of using comparison sites for contents insurance in rented student accommodation or shared student housing ; you need to make sure the policy covers you and your living situation . As a renter , your landlord is responsible for buildings insurance , so you should only be getting contents cover .
Lock your doors . If you 're in shared student accommodation , your insurance wo n't cover you for theft unless there 's been a violent or forced entry . So always make sure you lock your room door when you leave , even if you 're just popping out briefly .
4 . Ensure your deposit is protected
It 's important to know your rights in private digs to make sure you 're protecting your money .
Landlords must protect your deposit in a government backed scheme . Your student landlord will have 30 days from the day they receive your deposit to put it into a tenancy deposit protection scheme , and they must provide proof of this if asked .
If they fail to put your deposit in a scheme , you could be entitled to up to four time your deposit value in compensation .
Make sure a check-in and property inventory are completed . Ask your landlord to carry out an inventory check before you move in ; including a full description of the condition of anything inside the property and images too .
This will protect you at the end of your tenancy , and if there 's damage which was there once you moved in , it will give you proof in case of a dispute .
If you 're already in dispute with your landlord , see our guide on how to make sure you get your deposit back in full .
Any living being born in 1870 that is still alive today is either a turtle or a clam , with the apparent exception of an Indonesian man who just celebrated their 146th birthday . Mbah Gotho claims to be the oldest person to have ever lived , with their ID allegedly proving they were born in the same year that the 15th Amendment was ratified , The Independent reports .
Indonesian records can reportedly confirm that Gotho came into the world in a small village in Central Java on December 31 , 1870 . If those records are to be believed , then the second oldest person to have ever lived is confirmed as a Frenchwoman named Jeanne Calment , who was 122 when they died . Many others have claimed to be the oldest living people , but verifiable documents are required before the record can be confirmed .
Man claiming to be the oldest person ever celebrates their 146th birthday in Indonesia pic.twitter.com/DQYWt5sr1G — Press TV ( @ PressTV ) December 31 , 2016
Gotho , meanwhile , has been preparing for death since 1992 ; they had their gravestone made up 24 years ago . In 2016 they told local news that `` what I want is to die . ''
But if you have aspirations to make it as long as Gotho , they said `` the recipe is just patience . '' A whole , whole lot of patience . Jeva Lange
LONDON — Outflows of foreign investor money from emerging economies accelerated in June as markets were buffeted by trade tensions , higher borrowing costs and other headwinds , according to data from Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) .
Non-resident portfolio outflows from emerging markets rose to $ 8 billion following an exodus of $ 6.3 billion in May , the IIF said in its monthly capital flows tracker .
Outflows were split about evenly between debt markets , which recorded a net loss of $ 4.2 billion , and equity markets at $ 3.8 billion .
“ Unlike other recent bouts of EM outflows , this recent downturn has featured outflows from China , likely prompted by escalating US-China trade disputes and the sharp renminbi depreciation , ” IIF analysts wrote in their report , adding the June data had capped off the weakest quarter for emerging market flows since the end of 2016 .
“ Trade tensions , coupled with diverging economic outlooks , have also prompted a marked upturn in portfolio allocations to US assets — at the expense of other developed markets as well as EMs . ”
Emerging markets had a torrid June , suffering a broad selloff after the US Federal Reserve hiked rates and gave a more hawkish outlook than expected in June , as the dollar continued a relentless ascent and trade tensions between Washington and Beijing escalated .
Most major emerging market regions were suffering outflows , the IIF found , with $ 4 billion leaving Africa and the Middle East , $ 2.7 billion from emerging Asian economies , while $ 2.5 billion left Latin America .
“ That said , given the prolonged weakness in EM flows , it would not be surprising to see a relief rally and some tactical rebalancing if the trade narrative improves and/or the US dollar heads lower , ” the IIF report said . — Reuters
On the day of its Season 7 premiere , Once Upon a Time hit New York Comic Con with the Evil Queen herself , Lana Parrilla , as well as showrunners and creators Eddy Kitsis and Adam Horowitz .
The new season is a reboot of the original premise and sees a grown-up Henry Mills ( Andrew J . West ) living in the mysterious neighborhood of Hyperion Heights , where all our favorite characters have been cursed yet again , erasing all the memories of their loved ones . The one person who remembers everything ? Henry 's daughter Lucy ( Alison Fernandez ) , whose mother just so happens to be an edgy , new version of Cinderella ( Dania Ramirez ) .
How Will Once Upon a Time 's Tiana Be Different From the Movie Version ?
While the premiere episode will set up this new story with a ton of fun new faces , Once Upon a Time has n't forgotten about the characters they 've left behind in the reboot . Jennifer Morrison is already scheduled to appear one last time in the second episode of the season called `` A Pirate 's Life . ''
`` Episode 2 fills in what happens to Emma , '' said Kitsis . When we last caught up with Swann , they were living out them happily ever after with Captain Hook . While the new season kicks off new adventures , it wo n't be meddling with the old ones . `` It 's a show about hope so to take away a happy ending would be hateful , '' they added .
The panel offered up an exciting sneak peek which confirms that , yes , Hook and Emma are still very much together . However , Season 7 will see an alternate version of Hook ( Colin O'Donoghue ) , now known as Officer Rogers , who is `` haunted by something , '' according to Kitsis . Perhaps their own version of Emma Swan ?
Plus , Rumplestiltskin ( Robert Carlyle ) and Belle ( Emilie de Ravin ) are expected to close out their story in Episode 4 .
Once Upon a Time airs Fridays at 8/7c on ABC .
David Higgins has revealed that they and Subaru teammate Patrik Sandell had discussed a plan of action for the final of the Americas Rallycross season opener at Silverstone , although the pair collided on the opening lap .
The incident led to Higgins retiring with suspension failure , while Sandell battled back for an eventual fourth place finish .
A broken clutch had already left the Manx driver on the back foot going into the main event , and while trying to get round a sliding Sandell at the first corner they hit the Swede , sending them into a spin .
“ Me and Patrik had spoke before the race that they were going to go for the inside line , that they were going to hook the inside all the way round , ” Higgins revealed . “ I was then going to try and go for the outside but going into turn one they got a massive slide going wide and I though maybe they had some damage to their car or something because then going into turn two there was a gap on the inside . ”
“ I started to go for the gap and then they obviously come for their line and I hit him , put them into a spin , but then as he 's spinning they keep their foot on the power and came out , hit me and broke my rear suspension , ” they said .
The suspension damage brought an early end to Higgins ' race at an event where they had shown strong pace .
“ Sometimes you can do those races and carry on and get by but as soon as I hit the jump , something must 've moved as I was jumping , ” said Higgins . “ I had already pitched the car into a slide over the jump but that was it . ”
“ It 's certainly not the way we wanted to go as a team . We 'd talked about the plan of what we were going to do which just did n't happen unfortunately . I look like the bad guy for hitting them going into the corner , but the door was so massively open I thought they had a problem . ”
Higgins ' appearance at the first round of the 2018 ARX season was the latest in a long line of rallycross guest appearances for the multiple US rally champion , but it was the first time he 's been able to compete in a current-spec car .
“ Obviously the other guys have done a lot of testing beforehand and I did n't so I started with a base setup of what they 've got . All three of us have slightly different driving styles , we want something slightly different , so it really took until Sunday morning for me to get the car dialled to how I wanted it , ” they said . “ We made some changes and then I changed a few little things , I did a bit of a compromise . We did n't change the car a hundred percent to my style , I changed , a bit of a 50-50 . ”
“ It worked well , but just time in the car and getting to know different setups because I do n't have the experience of it , you 're second guessing a bit , ” Higgins added . “ It 's a different category . I 'm used to doing one corner once on a rally , here you 're doing them multiple times and my opening time on the cold tyres I feel way more comfortable , but then it 's trying to replicate that lap after lap . It 's just very different . ”
Higgins ' attention now returns to the American Rally Association series and the Susquehannok Trail Performance Rally – an event they have won seven times previously . Higgins ' main focus for the season is the ARA championship , and they said that he 's unsure if he 'll continue in ARX in 2018 .
“ It has n't been spoken about so we 'll see , ” they said about the possibility of further rallycross outings this year . “ I like doing it , I enjoy the rallycross , plus I like the way the team 's had to work so hard for it , so we 'll see how it goes . My focus now is next weekend 's STPR and then we 'll see what happens after that . ”
Not everyone is a natural for the entrepreneurial role , but the mindset needed can be learned .
May 30 , 2018 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Many people dream of quitting their day job and joining the ranks of the self-employed ; but according to a 2016 Kauffman Foundation Study , only 6 percent of Americans actuallly own their own business .
Related : 8 Differences Between 'Entrepreneurs ' and 'Employees '
Of those who are n't business owners , some have tried and failed , while others are employees who have never ventured further than the boundaries of their job description . Taking the leap into the world of entrepreneurship takes guts , but success lies in understanding the key differences between being an employee vs. being an entrepreneur .
The right mindset
A 2013 study published in the Journal of Socio-Economics described a person 's mindset as the key to determining whether they or they will be happier and more successful as an entrepreneur or employee . An entrepreneur , the study said , tends to be a “ jack of all trades ” whose interests , experience and expertise cover a wide range of topics that combine to support a new business . The study found that entrepreneurs tend to have a diverse network of relationships which can support them when they start a new business .
On the other hand , employees are paid to perform a specific role or function within an organization . Job security , a stable income and specialized skill sets are often employee priorities . These priorities can make these people loyal and valuable workers who are likely to seek growth and challenges within an organization rather than follow their own path .
But what if an employee chooses instead to be an entrepreneur ? Although not everyone is a natural for this role , the mindset needed can be learned . Companies such as TrepCamp help individuals attain this mindset by having them actually study successful entrepreneurs and mirror their key traits .
Work ethic and perseverance
Many employees are clock-watchers , who wait for the shift to end or the workday to be over . They may also not be as resilient as entrepreneurs in the face of obstacles and setbacks .
Related : 9 'Mindsets ' You Need to Switch From Employee to Entrepreneur
Workers will likely wait for someone else to step in and fix a problem ; they lack the authority or willingness to find solutions on their own .
Steve Jobs once said that perseverance distinguishes successful entrepreneurs from unsuccessful ones . Members of the former group work as long and as hard as is necessary to succeed and persevere in the face of every challenge . This work ethic and tenacity are necessary qualities for entrepreneurs because the start of a business is speculative , and a positive outcome is never guaranteed .
I recently interviewed Brandon Lewis , president of Win More Patients , about the uncertainties of starting a business . After months of no sales and a lot of resistance from initial prospects , Lewis told me , they had to decide to either persevere or throw in the towel . They chose to continue .
“ Month after month , '' they explained , `` we worked long hours , whether it was reaching out to prospects , following up with leads , improving our sales strategy , redesigning our website , improving our offer -- whatever it took . Finally , revenue started rolling in , and we have n't looked back since . ”
The company , which helps physicians broaden their professional profile , has recently expanded into a larger physical office space .
Commitment to lifelong learning
Anyone can become a lifelong learner by choosing to commit themselves or themselves to developing an interest or skills . Employees who choose this path often continue to develop specific skills within their field , to move up the leadership ladder .
Entrepreneurs may take a different approach , learning how to stay relevant in an ever-changing market . Prioritizing lifelong learning allows entrepreneurs to be flexible and resilient as they grow their businesses .
I spoke with chiropractor Billy Cheong , who 's founder and director of Elite Spine and Health Center in Houston , Texas . Cheong said they believed that anyone seek success as a healthcare entrepreneur must view that goal as a lifelong journey . `` As a medical provider , you have the responsibility and obligation to keep up with the latest medical news and constantly work on your craft to be the best doctor , ” Cheong said .
This `` lifelong journey , '' they said , is also reflected in the need to learn new ways to reach your audience and innovate customer service . Being in it for the long haul , Cheong said , is critical to keeping your brand fresh and engaging .
Humbleness
In a work environment , employees must tout their personal successes and show off their hard work , to achieve a promotion or pay raise , especially when they 're part of a large department or company . Without blatant self-promotion , many workers simply get lost in the crowd .
This level of self-promotion is damaging to entrepreneurs , however . Instead , developing humbleness is the key to success . Cultivating true humbleness requires allowing others to contribute to a company 's success , and builds stronger teams . Humble entrepreneurs do n't believe that only they can do something the right way ; instead , they learn to delegate and trust the people they 've hired .
During a conversation with James Fowler , co-founder of Fowler Law Group , in Sarasota and Bradenton , Fla. , I learned about Fowler 's emphasis on practicing humility in their duties as leader of their staff . “ I do n't feel the need to micromanage my team , which frees my time up to concentrate on being the best lawyer I can be for my clients , ” Fowler told me . Humbleness and trust , in short , allow Fowler to focus on what they do best .
Related : Employer vs . Employee : Who Runs Your Workplace ? ( Infographic )
Bottom line
Employees and entrepreneurs differ in several key areas , from mindset to humbleness , but anyone can switch roles by understanding these differences and showing a willingness to change strategies . Success is possible in either arena . An individual just has to choose which one to play in .
Shifting Trade Talks With China Head Toward Confrontation David Greene talks to Amy Celico , who was in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative under President George W. Bush , about the U.S. moving forward with punitive tariffs .
by Jenna Gray August 05 , 2017 at 05:53 PM EDT
On Thursday morning , hundreds of young people of color received an urgent message : they could n't afford to not be leaders in the fight against climate change .
“ We are descendants of colonization and slavery . You are the children of extraction . Extraction is now taking over the planet , ” Elizabeth Yeampierre , executive director of UPROSE , said . “ I want to see those fists up ! ' ”
A series of workshops about urban gardening , gentrification , climate refugees and policing featured throughout the day . A fashion show titled “ Culture , Not Consumption ” promoted sustainability and the expression of cultural identity within the fashion industry .
“ People of color have always had a history of being one with the land and finding the solutions that they needed in the land , ” Samuel Blackwood , a student at Fordham University and summit organizer , said .
Actor and activist Danny Glover , the summit 's keynote speaker , spoke of the need for radical and immediate approaches to promoting environmental sustainability while emphasizing the role of youth in leading such efforts .
“ We have to change the soul of this country . We have to change the soul of the world , ” Glover said . “ Those most affected by climate change are not people who are the main perpetrators of climate change . ”
NEW DELHI : Firing a fresh salvo at the Congress on Monday , Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the party has always “ underplayed Pakistan 's role in instigating terrorism in the country ” .
They made the remarks after Congress leader Manmohan Singh asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to apologise for questioning them about their dinner-meeting with the then Pakistan High Commissioner in Delhi .
The meeting was hosted by now expelled Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar and was attended by ex-Indian diplomats , which had served in Pakistan , politicians and other top Indian and Pakistani retired military officers .
“ Congress must come out with detailed facts what transpired in that meeting and what was the necessity of having it in present circumstances .
“ Yesterday they were in denial about it & today instead of accepting it as a misadventure , they try to blame those raising the issue , ” Jaitley said .
Modi had trained their gun at Aiyar and the Congress during a poll rally in Gujarat on Sunday which came after the expelled leader described them as 'neech ' . Modi said Aiyar and other Congress leaders held secret talks with the Pakistani envoy in Delhi .
“ The same Mani Shankar Aiyar , who insulted Gujarat , held secret meetings with the Pakistan High Commissioner . What was the reason , ” the PM had asked at a rally in Gujarat 's Palanpur .
Though they did not elaborate on their comment , they may have suggested that Ayer and the Congress maintained a secret relationship with the Pakistanis even if it was against the national interest .
Jaitley said they were surprised at Manmohan Singh issuing a statement on behalf of the Congress party asking the prime minister to apologise for what they said at an election rally .
They said , “ Those like Mani Shankar Aiyar always had an inconsistent position . They maintained a parallel line of dialogue , underplayed Pakistan 's role in instigating terrorism in India and continued to engage with them ( Pakistan ) .
The toilets of Sheboygan , Wisconsin , are finally safe .
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he 's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times . Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city , which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee . Police have not named the suspect .
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen , police said .
The villain 's clogging tool was an unconventional one , according to police . They would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women 's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city . Once he 'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes , the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March , the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook .
“ This is very strange … and gross , but that is the reality of life , ” the city 's police department wrote at the time , begging for leads or tips .
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame . Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him .
As of March , the serial clogger had struck three times just this year , according to Joe Kerlin , the city 's parks and forestry superintendent . But the clogger had been even busier in past years , Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women 's toilet 14 times in 2017 , and 12 the year before .
That substantial tally ( 29 cloggings — but who 's counting ? ) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track , Kerlin told the newspaper . And it was n't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose . Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $ 2,000 and $ 3,000 dealing with the clogger 's reign of terror .
“ A lot of times we can just fish 'em out , ” Kerlin told the newspaper , describing the best case scenario . Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet .
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney 's Office for charges to be filed , WBAY reports .
