April 3 Space2 SpA :
* Said on Friday that Space3 will start trading on the Italian stock exchange on the MIV ( Market for Investment Vehicles ) as of April 5
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE , June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish their tenure at the end of the season , the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday , a decision which both parties said was `` in the best interests '' of the club .
Ranbir Kapoor 's phenomenal performance in the trailer of Sanju their rumoured girlfriend Alia Bhatt raving about him . The actor was quick to react to the trailer and tweeted , `` Blownnnnnn away @ RajkumarHirani # RanbirKapoor @ sonamakapoor @ AnushkaSharma @ vickykaushal09 @ deespeak # SanjuTrailer . '' Them tweet was followed by a series of heart emoticons .
Karan Johar also took to Twitter and praised Ranbir and Rajkumar Hirani and wrote , `` OMG @ RajkumarHirani you genius ! ! And OMGGGG # RanbirKapoor you bonafide ROCKSTAR ! What a mindblasting trailer ! ! ! ! ! This is a major `` ca n't wait '' feeling ! ! ! ! # SanjuTrailer . ''
Actress Shraddha Kapoor also reacted to Sanju trailer and wrote , `` Just one word . WOW . # SanjuTrailer . ''
Giving an insight into every phase of Sanjay Dutt 's life , the trailer touches upon various aspects like drugs , girlfriends and their much talked about jail phase . While the audience knows about the events in the actor 's life , Rajkumar Hirani provides the story behind every event of their life .
Sharing the unknown details of Sanjay Dutt 's life , the trailer presents a heart-wrenching story of Sanjay Dutt . While the world witnessed the actor 's life on the surface , Rajkumar Hirani digs to the bottom to offer the real life story of Sanjay Dutt .
Written and directed by Rajkumar Hirani , the film will also star an ensemble cast in addition to Ranbir Kapoor which includes Paresh Rawal , Manisha Koirala , Vicky Kaushal , Sonam Kapoor , Anushka Sharma and Dia Mirza amongst others . Produced by Vinod Chopra Films and Rajkumar Hirani Films in association with Fox Star Studios . 'Sanju ' is all set to be released on 29th June 2018 .
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
April 6 Shenzhen Soling Industrial Co Ltd :
* Actual controller proposed to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 20 new shares for every 10 shares , as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Wq0lig
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Global Synthetic Paper Market 2017 , presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Synthetic Paper Market Globally , providing basic overview of Synthetic Paper Market Including Definitions , Classifications , Applications and Industry Chain Structure , Synthetic Paper Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as Manufacturing processes and cost structures . Synthetic Paper Market size , share and end users are analyzed as well as segment Markets by types , applications and companies .
Download Sample Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/30580/request-sample
Synthetic Paper Market research report studies Synthetic Paper in Global Market , Synthetic Paper Market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in the United States , Canada , Mexico , Germany , France , UK , Italy , Russia , China , Japan , India , Korea , Southeast Asia , Australia , Brazil , Middle East and Africa . Global Synthetic Paper Market report focuses on top Manufacturers in global Market , with their Business perspective which consist of Synthetic Paper capacity , production , price , revenue and Synthetic Paper Market share for each Manufacturer .
Synthetic Paper Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers .
Yupo
Nan Ya Plastics
Arjobex
Treofan Group
Dupont Tyvek
PPG Industries
HOP Industries
American Profol
Taghleef Industries
Global Synthetic Paper Market segment by Countries , Synthetic Paper Market report splits Global into several key Countries , with Synthetic Paper Sales , Synthetic Paper production , Synthetic Paper consumption , Synthetic Paper revenue , Synthetic Paper Market share and growth rate of Synthetic Paper in these regions , from 2012 to 2027 . Synthetic Paper Market report split by Product type and Application , with Synthetic Paper sales , production , revenue , price , Market share and growth rate of each type , according to Application Synthetic Paper Market report Focuses on Consumption , Market share and growth rate of Synthetic Paper in each Application .
Synthetic Paper Market Research Report Split by Type
BOPP
HDPE
Other
Access Full Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-synthetic-paper-market-report-30580.html
Synthetic Paper Market Research Report Split by Application
Label
Non-Label
Table of Contents
2017-2022 Global Top Countries Synthetic Paper Market Report
1 Synthetic Paper Market Overview
2 Global Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) and Market Share by Manufacturers
3 Global Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
4 Global Synthetic Paper Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
5 North America Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
6 Latin America Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
7 Europe Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
8 Asia-Pacific Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
9 Middle East and Africa Synthetic Paper Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
10 Synthetic Paper Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain , Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis , Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global Synthetic Paper Market Forecast ( 2017-2022 )
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology
16.2 Analyst Introduction
16.3 Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone : ( 201 ) 465-4211
Email : sales @ fiormarkets.com
Web : www.fiormarkets.com
March 30 Soc Centrale Bois Scieries Manche SA :
* H1 rental revenue 8.9 million euros ( $ 9.54 million ) versus 9.3 million euros year ago
* H1 operating income 9.1 million euros versus 9.9 million euros year ago
* H1 net income 5.7 million euros versus 5.2 million euros year ago
* Confirms its double objective of a further increase in NAV and a decrease in the LTV debt ratio for the current financial year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9327 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Wednesday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
ABERTIS
Managers at Italian motorway group Atlantia and Spanish peer Abertis will meet this week in Italy to discuss plans for a tie up , two sources close to the matter said on Tuesday .
Separately , Abertis said on Wednesday it has reached an accord to acquire 22.52 percent stake in A4 Holding for 125 million euros , leaving the company with a total stake of 85.36 percent .
DIA
HSBC cuts to `` hold '' from `` buy '' with a target price of 6 euros , cut from 6.5 euros .
POPULAR
Banco Popular said on Tuesday it will sell all the shares of its unit Popular Servicios Financeros to ABANCA Corporacion Bancaria for 39 million euros .
TUBOS REUNIDOS
Tubos Reunidos said on Tuesday Q1 net profit was 107,000 euros versus loss 11.2 million euros year ago .
LOGISTA
Logista said on Wednesday the first half net profit was 76.6 million euros , up from 51.2 million euros a year earlier .
DOMINION
Dominion is also set to report first quarter earnings on Wednesday .
GRIFOLS
Grifols said on Wednesday that first quarter net profit was 134 million euros , up from 125.2 million euros a year earlier .
For today 's European market outlook double-click on .
For real-time moves on the Spanish blue-chip index IBEX please double-click on
For IBEX constituent stocks highlight .IBEX in the command box and press the F3 button on your keyboard
For latest news on Spanish stock moves double click
For Spanish language market report double click on
For latest Eurostocks report please double-click on
April 3 China Development Bank International Investment Ltd :
* Entered into uncommitted revolving loan facility agreement with china minsheng banking corp. , ltd. , hong kong branch
* CMBC hk will provide an uncommitted revolving loan facility to company in amount of up to usd100 million
* Says cmbc hk as lender and company as borrower
Source text ( bit.ly/2nRTAX6 )
Further company coverage :
LONDON , April 12 CME Group , one of the world 's biggest exchanges , is closing two loss-making operations in London by year end , saying on Wednesday customers preferred using its U.S. operations .
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange Group said that after closing its UK-based derivatives exchange and clearing house , it would continue to have a significant operation to serve European customers . ( Reporting by Huw Jones ; Editing by David Holmes )
UPDATE 1-Russia 's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London , Moscow
MOSCOW , June 15 Russia 's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares , including new shares , in London and Moscow .
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
Brazil 's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo , June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil 's largest lender by market value , said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA , Banco Santander , Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
WELLINGTON May 3 New Zealand 's sizzling housing market cooled slightly in April to post its slowest growth in almost two years , government property valuer QV said on Wednesday .
Quotable Value 's ( QV ) residential property price index rose 11.1 percent in the year to April , compared with an annual rate of 13.5 percent in the previous month .
The index is now 52.3 percent above the market 's previous peak in late 2007 .
April 's comparatively muted growth , including a marked slow-down in the house price inflation epicentre of Auckland , will encourage the central bank which has raised concerns over the financial stability risk posed by the red-hot market .
Stricter lending rules introduced by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand last year to insulate banks from any housing downturn were behind the slowing growth . `` Demand is still down as tougher lending restrictions continue to make it difficult for buyers requiring a mortgage to obtain finance for their purchases , '' said QV Auckland homevalue manager , James Steele .
House prices in the Auckland region were up percent 10.7 percent in the year , the slowest growth since December 2014 , and they fell 0.4 percent in the three months to the end of April . ( Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
Architect claims NY 's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK , June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan 's One World Trade Center , claiming that the building bears a `` striking similarity '' to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school .
( John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst . The views expressed are their own )
* Chart 1 : tmsnrt.rs/2o3nRSL
* Chart 2 : tmsnrt.rs/2nE69Sv
* Chart 3 : tmsnrt.rs/2nDS2fR
* Chart 4 : tmsnrt.rs/2o32b9q
* Chart 5 : tmsnrt.rs/2o3hwqh
* Chart 6 : tmsnrt.rs/2p0ZYsB
* Chart 7 : tmsnrt.rs/2nE3wA5
By John Kemp
LONDON , April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump has promised to end `` the war on coal '' waged by the previous administration and help put coal miners back to work .
In practice , coal production and employment have been victims of the shale gas revolution rather than government regulation .
Coal-fired power generation has been steadily losing market share to natural gas since 1988 , according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
Coal accounted for 57 percent of electricity generation in 1988 but that share fell to 53 percent in 1998 and 50 percent in 2008 ( tmsnrt.rs/2o3nRSL ) .
Gas has been the main beneficiary with its share of generation climbing from 9 percent in 1988 and 13 percent in 1998 to 20 percent in 2008 .
For much of that period , coal 's relative decline was cushioned by growing demand for electricity which provided an expanding market for all fuels .
Coal consumption by power producers peaked at 1.05 billion short tons in 2007 , up from 758 million tons in 1988 ( tmsnrt.rs/2nE69Sv ) .
But since then the coal industry has been hit a perfect storm of stagnating electricity demand , a sharp fall in the price of gas , and a record warm winter in 2015/16 .
Coal has continued to lose out to gas in the generation system but since 2008 the decline has been absolute as well as relative terms because demand for electricity is no longer growing .
Gas prices have fallen sharply thanks to the shale revolution , encouraging power producers to build more gas-fired power plants and run them for more hours each year .
And the unusually mild winter of 2015/16 resulted in an enormous build up of coal stockpiles at power plants and a sharp reduction in new shipments from the mines ( tmsnrt.rs/2nDS2fR ) .
The resulting wave of bankruptcies , mine closures , and job losses and layoffs crashed over the coal industry during 2015/16 .
But mine closures and job losses were the result of market forces rather than job-killing government regulations introduced by the Obama administration .
MORE COAL CLOSURES
Most mining companies and coal analysts are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for production and employment in 2017/18 .
Excess coal stocks at the country 's power plants have been worked down and a modest rise in gas prices should encourage power producers to run gas-fired plants for fewer hours in 2017/18 ( tmsnrt.rs/2o32b9q ) .
But the medium-term outlook for the coal industry remains poor , with more coal-fired power plants scheduled to close over the next five years to be replaced by a combination of gas and renewables .
Gas-fired generating capacity is scheduled to expand by another 8 percent over 2017/18 according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
At the same time , more coal plants are set to close , which will cut potential demand further even if gas prices increase modestly .
The problem is that most coal-fired power plants are now growing very old and nearing the end of their service life .
The capacity-weighted average U.S. power plant started generating in 1987 , according to an analysis of EIA data ( tmsnrt.rs/2o3hwqh ) .
But the average for all power plants conceals significant differences between coal and non-coal power generating units .
The capacity-weighted average coal-fired power plant started generating in 1976 and has now been producing power for 41 years ( tmsnrt.rs/2p0ZYsB ) .
In contrast , the average non-coal power plant started generating in 2000 and has been producing electricity for less than 17 years ( tmsnrt.rs/2nE3wA5 ) .
COAL FLEET AGEING
Most coal plants were originally planned to operate for a minimum of 25 years without significant modification and their service life can be prolonged to 40 or even 50 years .
But as plants age they are increasingly likely to suffer mechanical breakdowns and need expensive components replacing ( `` Life extension of coal-fired power plants '' , IEA , 2005 ) .
The main problems are associated with the steam generator and the turbines , which suffer from creep , fatigue , corrosion and erosion .
Repeated heating and cooling of the system accelerates the ageing process and shortens the service life even further .
Most coal plants were designed to operate as baseload , with a limited number of cold and warm starts to reduce the thermal stress on the components .
But many are now forced to operate on a two-shift system , operating only during peak hours and then coming off load when electricity demand drops .
Two-shifting involves more starts , and much more thermal stress on the components , speeding up the ageing process .
Many of the coal-fired power plants scheduled for closure in the next five years started generating in the 1950s and 1960s and are basically wearing out .
Some of them are small-scale and relatively inefficient , burn low-quality coal , or emit lots of mercury and other air pollutants .
In most cases , there is no economic case for replacing worn out boilers and turbines or fitting new pollution-control equipment .
Power plant operators mostly plan capacity expansions and refits on a 20-year horizon or longer and few see any benefit from upgrading or adding coal-fired units .
No new coal-fired power plants are currently planned , in contrast to many additional gas-fired and renewable power units , according to notices filed with the EIA .
Even if the Trump administration tries to throw a lifeline to coal-fired power plants , its four or eight-year time-span is too short to have much impact on capacity planning .
As the existing coal fleet continues to age , more power plants are likely to be retired because they are too expensive to maintain .
The Trump administration can end the `` war on coal '' but it can not halt the march of time and fatigue which is gradually culling the coal fleet .
The amount of coal-fired generation capacity will continue to shrink . Any revival in coal consumption depends on a rise in gas prices to encourage power producers to use the remainder for more hours each year .
( Editing by David Evans )
( The author is a Reuters contributor . The opinions expressed are them own . )
By Kathy Kristof
LOS ANGELES , April 10 Dental hygienist Randy Honeycutt 's $ 65,000 student loan balance has ballooned to more than $ 200,000 because of back interest and default fees , a cautionary tale about the perils of defaulting .
The 45-year-old North Carolina resident , who is convinced they will die in debt , has a simple message for the millions of Americans who are struggling to repay student loans : A default will haunt you for life . Do whatever you can to avoid it .
There is a growing audience for this advice , as more Americans are defaulting on student debt than ever before . A recent analysis by the Consumer Federation of America shows that defaults , officially defined as debts that are 270 days past due , increased 17 percent to about 1.1 million loans in 2016 .
Like Honeycutt , borrowers often learn the hard way that defaulting triggers serious repercussions . For starters , the unpaid balance of the loan , plus interest , becomes due immediately .
Borrowers then become ineligible for further financial aid , deferment and forbearance programs . Their loans go to collection agencies that can assess fees as high as 25 percent of the outstanding balance , including interest .
The accumulated principal , interest and loan fees are subject to additional interest charges and more penalties if you delay repayment or default again .
`` I feel like I 'm watching the National Debt Clock , with the numbers spinning completely out of my control , '' Honeycutt said .
There is little you can do to avoid repaying . The U.S. government can seize wages , tax refunds and other benefits , all without getting a court order , said Persis Yu , a staff lawyer with the National Consumer Law Center .
Worse , they said , student loans generally are not dischargeable in bankruptcy , so this debt can follow you to the grave .
Still , these tips can help you to avoid ruining your financial life with a default .
* Track your own loans
The government used to help late payers avoid default fees if they made good on their payments within 60 days of receiving a notice of default , but it rescinded this guidance in March .
So the only way to avoid default is to track your own debt . If you have not received a bill when you think you should , contact the lender .
If you have government loans , you can find your details at the National Student Loan Data System ( bit.ly/2nbDY1P ) .
* Ask for forbearance
If you can not pay your government-backed loans because you are seriously ill , lost a job or went back to school , you can defer payments . If you have another financial hardship , you may also be able to put loans into “ forbearance , ” which also postpones payments . But interest is likely to accrue on any unsubsidized loan while payments are on hiatus .
* Request an easier payment plan
You may be able to sign up for one of the government 's income-contingent repayment plans , such as PAYE ( pay-as-you-earn ) or REPAYE ( revised pay-as-you-earn ) , which set your payments at a percentage of discretionary income .
In some cases , you may have to pay nothing , but you do have to update your income information every year . Failure to do so can get you knocked out of these affordable repayment plans .
For private loans , you must deal directly with the lender .
* Get professional help
The toughest situations are where a borrower has such an unstable life , either because of medical or family problems , that they or they can not pay , no matter how seemingly affordable the repayment plan , Yu said .
These borrowers should seek credit counseling , but they may have no choice but default . Yu 's only advice here is to remain in default until your situation stabilizes enough that you are certain you will never default again .
That is important because federal rules give student loan collectors the right to assess a second round of penalties and interest with each default . Multiple defaults can cause your loan balance to balloon .
Honeycutt , who defaulted twice due to job losses , can attest to that .
“ If they would come up with a payment that I could afford , I would be happy to do it , ” they said . “ As it is , given my ability to repay , $ 200,000 might as well be $ 2 million. ” ( Editing by Beth Pinsker and Lisa Von Ahn )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FILE PHOTO : Power transmission towers are seen near the plant of new Shin Kori No . 3 reactor and No . 4 reactor of state-run utility Korea Electric Power Corp ( KEPCO ) in Ulsan , about 410 km ( 255 miles ) southeast of Seoul , September 3 , 2013 . REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won
FILE PHOTO : The new Shin Kori No . 4 reactor of state-run utility Korea Electric Power Corp ( KEPCO ) is seen in Ulsan , about 410 km ( 255 miles ) southeast of Seoul , September 3 , 2013 . REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won/File Photo
SEOUL As Britain steps up the hunt for a new partner for a stalled nuclear power project , South Korea 's KEPCO remains the most likely suitor , but two people with direct knowledge of the matter said the giant utility wo n't be rushed to the altar .
With British business minister Greg Clark in Seoul for talks , the status of KEPCO - Korea Electric Power Corp ( KEPCO ) ( 015760.KS ) - as likely buyer was enhanced this week by troubled Japanese group Toshiba Corp ( 6502.T ) having to take on full ownership of the NuGen project after France 's Engie ( ENGIE.PA ) backed out . Strapped for cash , Toshiba needs a sale .
One of few utilities to retain global nuclear ambitions , KEPCO said last month that it was in talks over a potential stake purchase in NuGen , a three-reactor , up-to-3,800 megawatt project in northwest England that London needs on stream in 2025 to meet projected power demand , but has suffered significant setbacks since it was set up in 2010 .
But while both Britain and Toshiba seek to accelerate progress towards a deal , state-owned KEPCO will not be able to move faster , the people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday . They declined to be identified because they were not authorised to discuss the matter publicly .
`` Both Britain and Toshiba , they seem to be in a greater hurry than we thought and pushing KEPCO . In fact , it requires considerable time to review a project , so it is not a matter that can be done hastily , '' one of the people said .
At a briefing in Seoul on Wednesday , Britain 's Clark offered no evidence of concrete progress in negotiations with KEPCO . The minister said they had travelled for talks with KEPCO and energy ministry officials in order to deepen relationships , but said the choice of a partner is for NuGen to decide , not the British government .
`` It would be a positive partnership that we feel that the UK and Korea can have in nuclear , but on the particular project of Moorside , that is for the developers to make a proposal , '' Clark said .
A KEPCO spokesperson said the firm will make its position clear once it has reviewed terms and conditions of any potential investment carefully .
Toshiba 's U.S. nuclear construction arm Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy last week , and the company is selling a majority stake in its prized memory chips business to raise cash .
One key issue for KEPCO will be the technology used for the Moorside project - Toshiba 's AP1000 reactor , as planned , or its own APR1400 . While Toshiba previously received the green light from Britain for the Westinghouse design , KEPCO could make approval for its own technology that a condition .
`` KEPCO is working and studying hard which type of nuclear reactors would suit better for them , given the current market situation , '' the second person with knowledge of the matter said .
Using KEPCO 's own reactors could `` give a better reason to join the project '' , the person said .
( Reporting by Jane Chung ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
London-listed Rainbow Rare Earths ' Gakara project , in Burundi , has produced and exported its first 25 t batch of high-grade rare earth concentrate .
The commissioning of the gravity processing plant at the mine , which started production in December 2017 , has also been completed .
Advertisement
Gakara produced 279 t of concentrate in the quarter ended March 31 , following the 75 t produced in December .
Production levels are expected to increase steadily over the rest of this year , as mining and processing methodologies are tested and optimised .
Advertisement
The average grade of concentrate produced was 62 % total rare earth oxide . The grades were consistent at between 61 % and 64 % in the quarter under review .
All run-of-mine ( RoM ) ore processed during the quarter was sourced from the Gasagwe pit .
Rainbow is developing “ highly attractive ” additional sources of RoM ore within the Gakara mining licence area in order to reach its target run rate of 5 000 t/y by the end of this year .
These areas are now expected to be in operation ahead of Gashirwe , the originally planned second mining area , owing to their vein prospectivity and speed of development .
The company experienced relatively high production costs of $ 2 068/t of concentrate , but expects costs to reduce significantly as production rates increase and the element of fixed costs is spread over larger tonnages .
Rainbow reports that rare earth oxide prices strengthened “ considerably ” during the quarter after dipping towards the end of 2017 , with Rainbow 's basket increasing 11 % from $ 12 270/t as at December 31 , 2017 , to $ 13 570/ t as at March 31 .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
April 6 Fred 's Inc :
* Fred 's reports fourth quarter , full fiscal year 2016 results and march sales
* Q4 loss per share $ 0.60
* March same store sales fell 0.5 percent
* Q4 earnings per share view $ -0.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 sales $ 529.7 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 531.3 million
* March sales fell 2.7 percent to $ 208.6 million
* Fred 's inc says march comparable store sales decreased 0.5 %
* Fred 's inc - `` we expect positive trends we experienced in q4 to continue ''
* During Q4 , company recorded charges totaling $ 23.4 million
* Fred 's inc - `` looking at organization as a whole , we expect to see continued sequential bottom-line improvement in 2017 as initiatives underway take hold ''
* Fred 's inc - comparable store sales for quarter decreased 3.6 % versus a 1.7 % increase in comparable store sales in q4 of last year
* Fred 's inc - comparable store sales in q4 included negative 2.6 % impact as result of sale of low productive discontinued inventory versus Q4 of 2015
* Total sales for five-week fiscal month ended april 1 decreased 2.7 % to $ 208.6 million from $ 214.3 million in March 2016
* Fred's-Fred 's pharmacy 's working collaboratively with Walgreens Boots Alliance , Rite , FTC to help obtain FTC 's approval of WBA 's pending acquisition of rite aid
* Fred's-Fred 's pharmacy remains committed to buying additional assets , including up to 1,200 rite aid stores , to extent necessary to obtain FTC 's approval for deal Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
TOKYO May 2 Japan 's Nikkei share average rose to six-week highs on Tuesday in a holiday-shortened week , getting a lift from robust earnings and gains on Wall Street .
The Nikkei finished 0.7 percent higher at 19,445.70 , its highest close since March 21 .
It added 1.3 percent for the week . Tokyo markets will be closed for three days from Wednesday for a string of holidays known as Golden Week .
Wall Street climbed on Monday , boosted by gains in Apple and other big technology stocks that more than offset weak U.S. economic data , and pushed the Nasdaq Composite to another record high .
The broader Topix added 0.7 percent to 1,550.30 , while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 was up 0.7 percent at 13,849.15 . ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
( Reuters ) - Crystal Palace winger Bakary Sako will miss the rest of the season after fracturing their ankle , manager Roy Hodgson said on Friday .
Sako limped off in the first half of Palace 's 1-1 Premier League draw at West Ham United on Tuesday .
Hodgson said the 29-year-old , who has scored six goals in all competitions this season , suffered damage to their ankle ligaments and remains a doubt to be fit for the start of the 2018-19 campaign .
“ Baky 's injury is a very serious one . He 's fractured their ankle and damaged ligaments around it , ” the former England manager told reporters .
“ He certainly wo n't play again this season and may be a doubt to be fit for the start of next . ”
Hodgson described the type of injuries to hit their squad this season as “ unusual ” as they have just 19 players to choose from for Sunday 's league fixture against Newcastle United .
“ Our injury situation is unusual . A lot of clubs can get a number of muscle injuries , but we 're in a situation where we 've lost five for the season , ” they said .
“ ( Christian ) Benteke , ( Wilfried ) Zaha , and ( Mamadou ) Sakho all spent at least 6 weeks out earlier in the season . ”
Hodgson added that Norwegian new signing Alexander Sorloth will replace Sako in the squad at Selhurst Park this weekend .
DUBAI , April 13 A generally strong start to quarterly results from companies in the Gulf may keep bourses on which they trade relatively buoyant on Thursday , but choppy international markets and an overnight fall in crude oil prices may cap some gains .
Banks in the region that have reported first-quarter results have positively surprised investors with bottomline coming either above or broadly in line with analysts ' estimates .
`` The results so far have been impressive , although it is too soon to call a bottoming in earnings or try to extract a trend , '' said a Jeddah-based fund manager .
`` But we will see more confidence in the markets and funds will position accordingly . ''
On Thursday morning Bank Muscat reported a first-quarter net profit of 44.2 million rials , slightly higher from the 43.8 million it made a year ago .
On the previous day , the third largest telecommunications operator in Saudi Arabia , Zain Saudi , soared its 10 percent daily limit after reporting its first-ever net profit and the highest revenue on record . Its shares may soar again on Thursday .
The mood in international markets , however , remained tepid as investors stayed on edge with the escalation of geopolitical risk , favouring safe-haven assets over stocks .
Asian stocks swung between gains and losses with MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan last up about 0.5 percent .
Brent crude futures fell 0.7 percent on Wednesday , snapping seven sessions of gains and were trading at $ 55.88 a barrel in early Asian trade , little changed from their previous close . ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
PARIS The gunman who killed one police officer and wounded two others in central Paris on Thursday has been identified , but their name will not be revealed until investigators determine whether they had accomplices , the Paris prosecutor said .
`` The identity of the attacker is known and has been checked . I will not give it because investigations with raids are ongoing , '' Francois Molins told reporters .
`` The investigators want to be sure whether they had or did not have accomplices . ''
Interior Ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet said the wounded police officers ' lives were no longer in danger .
( Reporting by Julien Pretot ; writing by John Irish ; Editing by Leigh Thomas )
April 20 Avanza Bank
* Q1 net profit of SEK 103 million
* Reuters poll : Avanza Q1 net profit was seen at SEK 102 million
* Says Q1 customer growth remained strong and number of new customers was 38,400 ( 26,100 )
* Q1 operating income SEK 247 million
* Says we have had a record start to 2017 despite more intense competition in terms of price pressure and new challengers
* Says guidance for 2017 remains firm : expenses are expected to rise by 15-20 per cent compared to 2016
* Says brokerage income remained in line with the previous quarter . Year-on-year it was slightly lower , since last year 's trading was especially high , mainly in Fingerprint Cards Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Stockholm Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
April 12 Jinke Property Group Co Ltd
* Says it expects Q1 net profit to fall to 80-110 million yuan versus 228.4 million yuan ( $ 33.14 million ) year ago
* Says trading in shares to resume on April 13 after company owner signs agreement with a trading firm in Guangzhou
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2nDDy4o ; bit.ly/2nDqFHP ; bit.ly/2o4a0s0
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8919 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO , June 15 This week 's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ( $ 31.8 million ) , Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday .
April 5 Zayo Group Holdings Inc
* Zayo Group Holdings Inc upsizes and prices $ 550 million senior notes offering
* Zayo Group Holdings Inc - priced its previously announced private offering of its 5.750 % senior notes due 2027
* Zayo Group Holdings Inc - upsized offering from $ 500 million to $ 550 million aggregate principal amount Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2 Rovio Entertainment :
* Q1 revenue of 66.3 million euros , up 94 percent year/year , Q1 ebit 5.2 million euros , up 4.3 million from a year ago
* says games business unit generated revenue of 56.6 million euros , up from 29.7 million a year earlier
* Games EBIT increased to 8.8 million euros from 5.7 million in Q1 2016
* CEO Kati Levoranta says Rovio expects to see revenue growth in 2017 from the recognition of Angry Birds movie revenues Source text : here ( Helsinki Newsroom )
Portuguese chocolatier Daniel Gomes has created a diamond-shaped , edible chocolate that 's covered in 23-carat gold .
The chocolate is part of a limited edition collection of 1,000 bonbons and is made with saffron threads , white truffle and vanilla from Madagascar .
A single piece of the chocolate is priced at €7,728 , or NZ $ 13,168 .
Reuters reports that the chocolate was certified as the world 's most expensive chocolate by the Guinness Book of Records .
Advertisement
WATCH : The world 's most expensive chocolate goes on display at a fair in Portugal . https : //t.co/3DZMTkf2GE pic.twitter.com/DdZKBHhdUU — Reuters Top News ( @ Reuters ) March 19 , 2018
It 's currently on display in a crown-shaped box that is decorated with 5,500 Swarovski crystals and is protecting by two security guards .
The chocolate has already been sold to numerous buyers from around the world in Russia , Angola , Brazil , Argentina and the United Arab Emirates .
( Adds details )
LUSAKA , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Glencore 's Zambian Mopani Copper Mines unit suspended operations in certain areas on Saturday after the Copperbelt Energy Corporation ( CEC ) restricted power supply to its sites in both the Kitwe and Mufulira regions .
`` In the interest of safety , Mopani has with immediate effect suspended operations in certain areas , and all our miners who were underground at the time of restricting power supply , have successfully returned to the surface , '' the copper producer said in a statement .
Mopani owns the Mufulira underground shaft in Mufulira , the Nkana underground shaft , South Ore Body shaft and the Mindola shaft in Kitwe .
The decision comes after a dispute over the implementation of new electricity tariffs , which Mopani and other mining companies have contested in court and remain unresolved , the miner said .
The southern African country , which is a major copper producer , is struggling to maintain power supplies as a severe drought has caused levels to drop in the Kariba Dam which generates much of the nation 's electricity .
The government in April proposed introducing a flat tariff of 9.30 U.S. cents/kilowatt hour ( kWh ) backdated to January for mining companies , instead of individually negotiated rates that have averaged 6 U.S. cents/kWh , but mining companies opposed the plan .
Other mining companies operating in Zambia , Africa 's No . 2 copper producer , include Brazil 's Vale and London-listed Vedanta Resources .
In May , Finance Minister Felix Mutati said the government is close to reaching an agreement with mining companies over its plans to increase electricity prices . ( Reporting by Chris Mfula ; Writing by Nqobile Dludla ; Editing by Alison Williams and David Evans )
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Serbian championship matches on Sunday Sunday , August 13 Red Star Belgrade 3 Backa 1 FK Radnicki Nis 2 Rad Belgrade 0 Zemun Belgrade 2 Cukaricki 0 Napredak Krusevac 3 Borac Cacak 1 Vojvodina Novi Sad 0 Partizan Belgrade 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Red Star Belgrade 5 5 0 0 16 1 15 2 Vojvodina Novi Sad 5 4 0 1 8 1 12 3 Partizan Belgrade 5 4 0 1 11 5 12 4 FK Vozdovac 4 3 1 0 8 2 10 5 FK Radnicki Nis 4 3 0 1 6 5 9 6 Spartak Subotica 4 2 1 1 7 3 7 7 Napredak Krusevac 5 2 1 2 10 8 7 8 FK Macva Sabac 4 2 0 2 7 8 6 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 9 Cukaricki 5 2 0 3 3 6 6 10 FK Mladost Lucani 3 1 1 1 3 3 4 11 Zemun Belgrade 5 1 1 3 4 6 4 12 Rad Belgrade 5 1 1 3 5 8 4 13 Javor-Matis 4 1 1 2 3 7 4 14 FK Radnik Surdulica 4 1 1 2 2 10 4 15 Backa 5 0 0 5 3 13 0 16 Borac Cacak 5 0 0 5 2 12 0 1-8 : Championship play-off 9-16 : Relegation play-off Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Monday , August 14 FK Mladost Lucani v FK Radnik Surdulica ( 1800 ) Spartak Subotica v FK Macva Sabac ( 1800 ) FK Vozdovac v Javor-Matis ( 1800 )
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO , June 15 This week 's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ( $ 31.8 million ) , Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 Fullshare Holdings Ltd :
* Board received a letter from Ji Changqun , controlling shareholder and one of executive directors of company
* Letter stating that Changqun is currently arranging to acquire further shares of company on stock market Source text : ( bit.ly/2ptpvxU ) Further company coverage :
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Roseanne Barr is partly blaming Ambien for the tweet that led to their show 's cancellation , but the maker of the insomnia drug quickly retorted that “ racism is not a known side effect . ”
Hours after ABC axed their show for their offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was back on the social media platform .
They urged people not to defend them and said of their Jarrett tweet that they were “ ambien tweeting ” at 2 a.m .
That led to the response on Twitter by the drugmaker Sanofi .
People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . — Sanofi US ( @ SanofiUS ) May 30 , 2018
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
BRIEF-Welltend Technology to pay 2016 dividend on July 27
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 27
PARIS May 3 Finland 's Nokia seeks to sell its undersea cables unit , a business that underpins the global Internet and is used by France 's surveillance apparatus , two union sources and one French government source told Reuters .
The division , valued at 800 million euros , is one of the top suppliers of undersea cable networks in the world and was bought by the telecom equipment maker last year as part its 15.6 billion-euro ( $ 17 billion ) acquisition of French rival Alcatel .
The French government deemed the business strategic for the country at the time , as it guarantees high-speed Internet connections with oversea territories and African countries . It also plays a key role in cybersurveillance and national security . ( Reporting by Gwenaelle Barzic and Mathieu Rosemain in Paris ; Additional reporting by Jussi Rosendahl in Helsinki and Eric Auchard in Frankfurt ; Editing by GV De Clercq )
MADRID , April 20 Cristiano Ronaldo has made a habit of defying their critics and will try to do so again by leading Real Madrid one step closer to the Spanish title on Sunday against bitter rivals Barcelona .
Four-time Ballon d'Or winner Ronaldo has faced accusations that their powers were waning and while they are no longer the flying winger that terrorised defences , they are no less effective for Los Blancos .
Ronaldo has become a powerhouse centre-forward , demonstrating how they can continue to play at the top level in the coming years despite turning 32 in February .
Across the Champions League quarter-final clash with Bayern Munich , which Madrid won 6-3 on aggregate , they struck five times and became the first player to score 100 goals in the competition .
“ I do n't know who doubted me . The people who love Cristiano never had any doubts , ” they said .
While the Portuguese is sometimes accused of being a selfish player , their new role sees them participate in attacking build-up play more frequently and in the recent 1-1 Madrid derby draw against Atletico , they created good chances for their teammates .
Ronaldo is no longer untouchable , with Zinedine Zidane happy to rest them for less important games so that they arrive in top condition for the big clashes . They sat out the 3-2 win over Sporting Gijon on Saturday so they could feature against Bayern on Tuesday and in the Clasico .
The striker 's positional transition began in 2014 , when they began playing closer to the penalty area , despite nominally starting as a left winger .
It has only been this season that they have been deployed as a centre forward from the off by Zidane , most notably in the 3-0 win at Atletico Madrid in which Ronaldo scored their 39th career hat-trick .
They have 19 La Liga goals , 10 fewer than Barcelona 's Lionel Messi , but Ronaldo is still third in the Spanish top scorers chart .
In recent years they have had a bigger impact on the Clasico than their Argentine rival , scoring the winner at Camp Nou last season and netting in both matches in 2014-15 .
Madrid 's poor record in La Liga during Ronaldo 's era at the club is often used as evidence against them in comparisons with Messi , Los Blancos winning just one of seven titles since they joined in June 2009 .
But their team go into Sunday 's showdown three points ahead of their rivals from a game fewer , and victory at the Santiago Bernabeu would put them on the verge of their first La Liga triumph for five years .
If they can settle Sunday 's match in Madrid 's favour , they will need only nine more points from the 18 available to win the league .
Ronaldo previously claimed they would like to retire from Madrid duty when they turn 41 and while that still seems otimistic , their evolving game means they can continue being decisive on occasions as big as these . ( Writing by Rik Sharma ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - INVALDA INVL AB :
* INVL ASSET MANAGEMENT , A PART OF INVALDA INVL , HAS ACQUIRED A CONTROLLING STAKE IN THE ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY MUNDUS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Luckily , fashion has moved on since some of the dodgy trends of the Noughties .
2006 might seem like a lifetime ago , but it 's actually quite a relevant date in football history – it was the last time England won a knockout match in the World Cup .
This was back when the team included the likes of David Beckham and Ashley Cole , who were joined by their wives and girlfriends .
2006 will go down in history as the heyday of the WAGs -when Cheryl Tweedy ( as they were then known ) , Victoria Beckham and Coleen Rooney descended on Germany to support their partners – and enjoy themselves . In one hour of shopping and drinking in Baden-Baden , the women reportedly spent £4,000 ( along with a whole lot of press coverage ) .
( Owen Humphreys/PA )
So what better time to do a deep dive into the fashion of the time , and see how it compares to now ? The WAGs of 2018 are much more low-key than those of 12 years ago , but are still coming out in force to support the team .
England lost their quarter-final match in 2006 – so here 's hoping it 's not just the fashion that has changed this time round .
Then and now : Hair
( Stefan Rousseau/PA )
WAGs of 2006 basically helped fund the hair extension industry . Few were seen without long hair , which was most often highlighted with blonde streaks . Beckham nowadays sports a sleeker , shorter hairdo .
( Adam Davy/PA )
Even though thankfully a lot has changed in WAG fashion over the years , long hair still very much the norm . Take Rebekah Vardy ( wife of Jamie ) , who 's often seen with their long , curled hair down – just minus the dodgy highlights .
Then and now : Sunglasses
Carly Zucker partner of England footballer Joe Cole ( left ) and Vanessa Perroncel , then partner of England footballer Wayne Bridge ( Andrew Parsons/PA )
The World Cup takes place in summer , so WAGs are often seen wearing sunglasses to shield their eyes . In 2006 shades really were a shield – the trend of the era was : the bigger , the better .
Ruby Mae , right ( Adam Davy/PA )
Nowadays , the fashion for sunglasses has changed dramatically . Glasses are n't quite so big and do n't tend to wrap around the face – to be bang on trend shades really need to be teeny tiny . This is what we saw Dele Alli 's model girlfriend Ruby Mae accessorising with for the match against Colombia .
Then and now : Blazers
( Owen Humphreys/PA )
Blazers are n't exactly conventional items of clothing for watching football in , but Coleen Rooney evidently likes to break fashion rules . Back in the day they went for a cropped number which screams 2006 – do n't lie , you probably had something similar in your wardrobe then too . Bonus points for how clunky and low-tech that video camera looks – thank goodness for smartphones .
Shannon Horlock , left ( Aaron Chown/PA )
Shannon Horlock – girlfriend to goalie Nick Pope – has a completely different interpretation of the blazer . She 's gone for a really quite delightful pale pink jacket with matching trousers . It 's not a classic football fan outfit , but they look great .
Then and now : White
You 've got to hand it to the 2018 WAGs , most of them have worn England shirts to every match , often with their partner 's name on the back . Cute .
However , a special shout-out once again goes to Vardy , whose bejewelled football shirts gives us a taste of 2006 in 2018 .
Carly Zucker and Vanessa Perroncel ( Andrew Parsons/PA )
In contrast , you would n't have seen any of the 2006 WAGs dead in a football shirt – bejewelled or otherwise . They knew the media had its cameras trained on them , so they really tried to bring their fashion A-game – which back then meant a white dress with a hipster belt over denim peddle pushers…
Then and now : Brown and white
( Aaron Chown/PA )
Wearing brown and white is evidently a classic WAG go-to , with many partners over the years sporting the colour combo in the stands . Charlotte Trippier – wife of Kieran – kept things casual and classy for the match against Belgium , with mirrored sunglasses , a plain white tee and a leopard-print skirt .
( Andrew Parsons/PA )
You have to thank your lucky stars photographers were on hand in 2006 to capture gems like this . Here , Cheryl is peak Noughties – white shorts , slouchy boots , a see-through brown top and white bra on show .
Even their accessories are utterly of the era – pendant necklaces , small bags and big , wraparound sunglasses . It 's all simply glorious – we would n't change a thing from the Noughties , but we 're sure glad we do n't dress like that now .
© Press Association 2018
Norway 's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO , June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent , the Norwegian Home Builders ' Association ( NHBA ) said on Thursday .
Carindale , Australia – 04 July 2018 – Socks And Undies is offering the best way to Buy underwear online Australia for the best prices .
One way or the other , we all need our underwear . Both the sucks and the undies need to be comfortable as well as let the body breathe , so to speak . Sure enough , the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of offers that are meant to easily satisfy even the most refined needs and requirements . Yet , odds are , you are going to be off looking for the ideal combination of price and quality out there . Which is one of the many reasons why you will want to view Socks And Undies as your number one Cheap underwear Australia provider out there .
With years of experience on the market , Socks And Undies is offering the one of a kind opportunity to really make the most from your needs and requirements within the very least amount of time possible . And , of course , regardless of what size you may well be , what kind of socks or undies you may well be looking for and what color , the resource will allow you to both Buy men 's underwear Australia and Buy womens underwear Australia for the prices that will suit you the most . Regardless of what kind of underwear you need to wear and even if you are looking to Buy plus size underwear Australia , Socks And Undies has got you covered and will prove to be an invaluable asset in finding the perfect pair of undies that will last very long and will not let you down . Hence , if you are looking for the ideal option and one that will not cost you a small fortune , but something of a brand name indeed , do not hesitate to check out the above-mentioned solution and you will definitely keep on coming back for more .
Unlike many other providers and vendors that are just as readily available on the market these days , you can count on Socks And Undies to provide you with the best Massimo Underwear Australia that will look good and will be extremely comfortable as well .
About Socks And Undies :
Socks And Undies is an established Australian provider that is offering a one of a kind opportunity to make the most from the best socks and underwear the market has to offer . Regardless of what kind of socks or underwear you may well be looking for , this is the ideal way to go indeed .
Contact :
Company Name : Socks And Undies
Address : 107 Scrub Rd , Carindale , QLD 4152 , Australia
Phone : 1300 782 862
Email : info @ socksnundies.com.au
Website : https : //socksnundies.com.au
April 20 S & P Global Ratings :
* Says Western Illinois University debt ratings lowered three notches to 'BB- ' on state budget uncertainty ; on watch neg
* Says lowered long-term rating , underlying rating 3 notches on Western Illinois University board of trustees ' series 2010 , 2012 , 2016 AFS revenue bonds , issued for WIU
* Says also lowered its SPUR to 'BB- ' from 'BBB- ' on the Western Illinois University 's series 2010 and 2015 certificates of participation
* Says placed all of Western Illinois University debt ratings on creditwatch with negative implications
* Says Western Illinois University debt ratings downgrade , creditwatch status reflect belief that state may fail to pass fiscal 2017 budget by end of May Source text : bit.ly/2o9lZt6
Infamous YouTuber Logan Paul started a Twitch channel yesterday , and they reached 100,000 followers without streaming once . If you go to the channel right now , the chat alternates between spamming racial slurs and ascii penises . Following the Fortnite bandwagon has turned into a mess for the Paul brothers .
The Paul brothers have a reputation for toxicity . Jake ended up on a local news station for being such a nuisance to their neighbors , and is known for uploading cringey rap videos . Jake 's brother Logan uploaded a video of a suicide victim in Japan 's Aokigahara , known as the “ suicide forest. ” Logan came under fire for exploiting someone 's death for views , as well as generally being an asshole all around Japan . Despite leaving a wake of controversy wherever they go , the brothers both have over ten million subscribers each on YouTube .
While the Pauls have dabbled in gaming before , they 're mostly known for vlogs . But , Fortnite is a phenomenon right now—even Drake is playing it . The Paul brothers are n't ones to miss out on this new trend , and each of them uploaded a vlog featuring the game in some capacity over the weekend .
In Logan 's vlog , titled , “ What The Heck Is A Fortnite ? ” the older Paul brother specifically cites wanting to play the game with Drake as a motivation for picking the shooter up . More controversially , Jake 's vlog has a thumbnail featuring the most famous Fortnite player around , Tyler “ Ninja ” Blevins . The video is titled “ I Donate $ 200k To My Favorite Streamer ( insane reaction ) , ” making it seem as if Jake Paul was donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to the most visible Fortnite player around . Instead , the video is mostly a vlog about the Paul brothers ' ongoing feud with KSI , another YouTube channel , and does n't feature Ninja at all . Jake 's vlog has over 2 million views . The highest rated comment on this video reads , “ see what we arent [ sic ] gon na do is clickbait our boy Ninja , ” and other commenters freely call Jake 's use of Ninja 's face “ clickbait . ”
Advertisement
As the Paul 's antics somewhat involve him , Ninja addressed the situation , first by having their mods ban anyone who talked about Jake Paul , and then by speaking in generalities about a “ popular John Smith . ”
“ A popular John Smith uploaded a video that had nothing to do with me , and used my face as clickbait , ” Ninja said . “ This person is very wealthy , and does not need to do these things for views , ” they said . “ This John Smith is n't stupid and is getting what they want , which is people to talk about it . ... You 're getting baited , and you 're letting it happen . ”
Advertisement
Such blatant bandwagoning has people worried that the Pauls ' toxicity is going to drag down the Fortnite community , if not Twitch as a platform . When you search “ Logan Paul Fortnite ” on Twitter , you see streamers asking Twitch to “ carefully think ” about whether to allow Logan Paul on the platform . One streamer went so far as to call Twitch “ tainted. ” It 's true that Logan 's channel is already both incredibly popular and has one of the worst chats imaginable , full of Trihard emotes , sketchy “ free V-bucks ” links and sometimes drawings of penises . While Logan Paul is n't specifically breaking the rules here , the activity in their chat is definitely against Twitch 's Community Guidelines , which prohibit spam , sexual content and discrimination and harassment based on race . Historically , Twitch has been pro-active about banning controversial streamers who break their terms of service.The Pauls have already faced repercussions from the relatively more lax YouTube for their controversial content : After the Aokigahara vlog , Logan Paul was removed from the Google Preferred ad tier , and their YouTube Red movie was “ put on hold. ” Kotaku has reached out to Twitch for comment but they did not respond in time for publication .
Logan Paul 's Twitch chat 1 / 3
It makes sense for two of the biggest YouTubers in the world to try the biggest game of the moment . Fortnite and Twitch are almost incidental factors in the Pauls 's quest to get people to talk about them—they just happen to be what 's hot right now .
Australian comedian Rebel Wilson wins defamation suit
MELBOURNE , June 15 Australian comedian Rebel Wilson has won a defamation suit against a global magazine publisher after the Victorian Supreme Court found a series of articles alleging they were a serial liar had damaged their career , local media reported on Thursday .
March 29 Stada management at press conference
* Cfo says expect very strong q1 , helped by positive development in russia and germany
* CEO says chairperson Oetker has never mentioned an ask price of 70 eur per share , management has not voiced a target price
* Stada ceo says have no reason to assume that business secrets went into wrong hands as a result of wire tapping
* Stada ceo says wire tapping occurred more than 9 months ago , no longer an issue Further company coverage :
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
March 30 Marrone Bio Innovations Inc :
* Marrone Bio Innovations Inc - entered into an invoice purchase agreement with Lsq Funding Group , L.C .
* Marrone Bio Innovations Inc - pursuant to agreement , LSQ may elect to purchase up to $ 7 million of eligible customer invoices from company
* Marrone Bio Innovations Inc - company 's obligations under LSQ financing are secured by a lien on substantially all of company 's personal property Source text ( bit.ly/2ogdj3O ) Further company coverage :
New Delhi : Three times champion Australia opted to bat first against India in the finals of the U19 Cricket World Cup at Bay Oval , Tauranga .
Unbeaten in the tournament , dominant India have gone in the match with unchanged playing XI . Team will once again rely on their in-form pace battery trio of Kamlesh Nagarkoti , Ishan Porel and Shivam Mavi to chip with quick wickets and restrict Aussies .
On the other hand , Australia who were beaten by India in the group stages of the tournament will depend on their top-order to post on decent runs on the score board . After initial loss to India , Australia has improved every game forward .
The pitch looks a batting paradise with initial help for the fast bowler with the new ball . It looks to be a high scoring encounter .
Squad :
IND XI : P Shaw * , M Kalra , S Gill , H Desai ( wk ) , R Parag , A Sharma , A Roy , K Nagarkoti , S Mavi , S Singh , I Porel
AUS XI : M Bryant , J Edwards , J Sangha * , J Merlo , P Uppal , N McSweeney , W Sutherland , B Holt ( wk ) , Z Evans , R Hadley , L Pope
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LONDON , April 6 Human rights campaigners have urged Formula One management to cancel next week 's Bahrain Grand Prix , accusing the country 's rulers of using the race to `` whitewash '' abuses and improve their image abroad .
Bahrain 's biggest sporting event is watched by a worldwide audience of millions and has been held since 2004 , with the exception of 2011 when violent civil unrest forced its cancellation .
`` Concerted and visible action is now required from Formula One , consistent with its commitment to human rights , '' the groups said in a letter to Formula One chairperson Chase Carey and the two managing directors Sean Bratches and Ross Brawn .
`` We call on you to suspend this year 's race in view of the alarming situation in the country . ''
The letter , also addressed to the chief executive of F1 sponsor Heineken , was sent by the Gulf Centre for Human Rights , Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy , Article 19 and Americans for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain .
Activists recognised privately , after a media briefing , that they did not expect the call to be heeded .
Bahrain , a former British protectorate and the U.S. Navy 's main outpost in the Gulf region , has stepped up a crackdown on the opposition , banning the al-Wefaq party and arresting several prominent activists .
The Sunni Muslim-ruled kingdom accuses Iran , a Shi'ite Muslim theocracy across the Gulf , of radicalising and arming some members of its Shi'ite majority population . Three Shi'ite men were executed in January after being convicted of killing three police officers .
Formula One , criticised for holding races in countries accused of abuses against government opponents , published a commitment in 2015 to respect `` internationally recognised human rights in its operations globally . ''
Formula One is now owned by U.S.-based Liberty Media , which took over the sport in January and ousted Bernie Ecclestone as commercial supremo .
Ecclestone , 86 , told Reuters they would be in Bahrain for the race , the first they have attended since they ceased to run the show .
The campaigners ' letter said Formula One would `` become complicit '' in human rights violations in Bahrain if the race was not cancelled .
Activist Zainab al-Khawaja , who lives in Denmark after being arrested and released several times in Bahrain , told reporters that the race raised the question , `` Does the world care about what 's happening in Bahrain ?
`` It ( Formula One ) is a message sent to the people of Bahrain that the world does not care , '' they said .
`` The government uses this event to whitewash and give a different picture of what 's happening in the country . While people are suffering every day , they want people on the outside to be seeing this race ... and not all the images of people who are dying and being tortured . ''
A spokesperson for Formula One Management was not immediately available for comment . ( Reporting by Alan Baldwin ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
DUBLIN Reuters ) - Irish manufacturing activity grew more rapidly in April as new export orders came in at the fastest pace in almost two years , a survey showed on Tuesday , adding to sign the economy is weathering any early impact from
Britain 's Brexit vote .
The Investec Manufacturing Purchasing Managers ' index rose to a three-month high of 55.0 from 53.6 in March , staying well above the 50 mark separating growth from contraction , which it almost fell into after Britain voted to leave the European Union .
Ireland , the EU 's fastest-growing economy , is widely seen as the member most at risk from Brexit due to its close trading links , but after the muted impact so far , Dublin last month raised its forecasts for economic growth for 2017 and 2018 .
Some of the firms most vulnerable appear to be weathering the risks as the subindex measuring new export orders , which briefly contracted ahead of last June 's referendum , rose to 58.5 from 56.2 in March , its highest level since July 2015 .
`` One of the key highlights is the new export orders index and firms continue to invest in providing additional resources to meet this rising client demand as evidenced by the expanding employment component , '' Investec Ireland chief economist Philip O'Sullivan said .
In contrast to the faster growth in hiring and purchases , sentiment among manufacturers softened to its lowest level since August . O'Sullivan said this was puzzling but that it could be due to seasonal issues as that sub-index is unadjusted .
`` In any event , we reiterate our view that the outlook for Irish manufacturing firms remains positive , supported by the improving international backdrop , '' O'Sullivan said .
( Reporting by Padraic Halpin ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
CAIRO , April 2 Egypt 's central bank expects foreign reserves to jump to over $ 28.5 billion for the month of March , the highest since March 2011 , a bank deputy governor told the country 's state news agency MENA on Sunday .
Egypt 's net foreign reserves were at $ 26.542 billion at the end of February and have been climbing ever since it clinched a $ 12 billion three-year loan from the International Monetary Fund in November in a bid to lure back foreign capital . ( Reporting by Omar Fahmy ; Writing by Eric Knecht ; Editing by Mark Potter )
LUSAKA , March 30 A Chinese bank will help finance the construction of 2,000 homes for Zambian military personnel who face a critical shortage of housing , president Edgar Lungu said on Thursday .
The 1.5 bilion kwacha ( $ 157 million ) project would be financed by the Development Bank of Zambia ( DBZ ) with support from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) , Lungu said in a statement .
China has invested heavily in modernising roads and other infrastructure in Zambia , whose top export is copper .
`` My government will not allow our gallant men and women in uniform to continue living in dilapidated and at times makeshift structures far below their noble status , '' Lungu said .
Zambia 's has an urban housing shortfall of 1.3 million properties , projected to reach 3 million by 2025 , according to British charity Habitat for Humanity .
Due to the lack of affordable housing , about 70 percent of urban dwellers , including soldiers , live in slums with inadequate access to water and sanitation , Habitat for Humanity estimates .
Lungu said soldiers and other defence and security personnel need to live in designated areas not only for easy mobilisation but to enhance discipline and improve administration . ( $ 1 = 9.5800 Zambian kwachas ) ( Reporting by Chris Mfula ; Editing by Ed Stoddard and Keith Weir )
Hi , friends ! Well , I 'm still dealing with this weird vision thing , but I did find out today that there 's nothing seriously wrong happening in my brain , so I 'm a bit encouraged . Anyhow , time marches on and we all need to plan on attending the Maine Genealogical Society 's conference on Saturday , September 16th , at Point Lookout Resort and Conference Center in Northport . The keynote speaker will be David Allen Lambert , Chief Genealogist of the New England Historic Genealogical Society in Boston . They will talk about New England records in the Society 's facility , plus military records , probate and deeds , and Native American records . Other speakers will cover Maine sources of genealogical information and early American handwriting . If you 're a beginner , you 're in luck because there 's a special “ track ” just for you , and the day will end with an experts ' panel to help resolve those sticky issues .
PLEASE NOTE : YOU MUST REGISTER BY TOMORROW , AUGUST 15th , TO BE INCLUDED IN THE DRAWING FOR A $ 100.00 LL BEAN GIFT CARD !
For more details and to register , go to : www.maineroots.org . Hope to see you there !
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FILE PHOTO : People walk past an advertisement for Sharp Corp 's Aquos television outside an electronics retail store in Tokyo , Japan , March 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Yuya Shino/File Photo
TOKYO Sharp Corp on Friday reported a narrower annual loss for the year ended in March , as a cost-cutting drive by Taiwanese owner Foxconn started to show results .
The liquid crystal display manufacturer booked an annual net loss of 24.9 billion yen ( $ 224.04 million ) , much less than the 255.97 billion loss the previous year .
The results beat expectations for a 28.4 billion yen loss forecast by an average of nine analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters .
In the fourth quarter , net profit was 16.2 billion yen , marking the second consecutive profitable quarter after two years of losses .
Sharp said it will give its outlook for the current fiscal year on May 26 , with Executive Vice-President Katsuaki Nomura saying that it was `` natural '' that the company would be profitable in the current fiscal year .
The company is considering investing in the chip unit of beleaguered Japanese conglomerate Toshiba , although nothing had yet been decided , Nomura said . Following its successful acquisition of Sharp last year , Foxconn is bidding for the unit , which is the world 's second-largest NAND chipmaker behind Samsung Electronics Co Ltd .
Sharp has been deepening co-operation with its parent Foxconn , the world 's largest contract electronics manufacturer , while cutting costs and consolidating production lines .
Under the leadership of Foxconn Vice-Chairman Tai Jeng-wu , Sharp , a major supplier of LCD panels to Apple Inc , is plotting its return to the Tokyo Stock Exchange 's first section .
As part of its growth strategy the company is on target to begin commercial production of OLED displays in the first quarter of the next fiscal year , it confirmed .
( Reporting by Sam Nussey ; Editing by Randy Fabi and Stephen Coates )
BEIJING China reported six new cases of H7N9 bird flu including one death in Hunan after live poultry markets in the province were shuttered last month .
The infections were reported in the last week of March by the provincial center for disease control and prevention , according to a report by Xinhua news agency on Sunday .
A total ban on live poultry trading in the provincial capital of Changsha has been in effect since March 17 and will continue for another five days , the agency said .
In March authorities reported an outbreak of the virus in the province originating from a farm with about 29,760 infected birds . Over 170,000 birds were culled as a result .
The number of human infections this season has surged to the highest level since 2009 . At least 162 deaths have been reported since October .
Health authorities said that cold and wet weather in Hunan played a role in the recent spread of the virus .
( Reporting by Cate Cadell ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
NEW YORK , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Units of BP PLC and Trafigura AG on Friday became the latest companies to file a complaint with a U.S. regulator over shipping rates charged by Colonial Pipeline Co , which operates the biggest fuel pipeline system in the United States .
The complaint follows an identical one from oil major Chevron Corp leading refiner Valero Energy Corp and Delta Air Lines Inc filed in November over the fees charged by Colonial to ship fuel , including gasoline , diesel and jet fuel .
BP Products North America Inc , Trafigura Trading LLC and TCPU Inc urged FERC to set the matter for hearing and sought to consolidate their complaint with the November one .
“ Good cause exists to believe that Colonial 's existing rates ... are unjust and unreasonable , ” the companies said in a 917-page complaint filed with the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) .
The complaints could lead to the first regulatory examination of Colonial Pipeline 's rates in nearly two decades . The pipeline hauls more than 3 million barrels of fuel from the refinery hub on the U.S. Gulf Coast to northeast distribution centers every day .
Chevron , Valero and Delta complained to FERC that Colonial overcharged the companies by more than $ 60 million combined , and is potentially monopolizing fuel delivery into the New York region .
BP and Trafigura joined the companies in alleging that Colonial 's opaque fee structure pushed its 2016 interstate revenue to exceed its costs by $ 339.3 million , earning it about a 29 percent realized return on equity .
“ Excess earnings of this magnitude are far above the levels that the Commission has found to be sufficient to justify holding hearings in recent rate investigations of other pipelines , ” BP and Trafigura said .
Overall , BP Products ' total estimated overpayment to Colonial for shipping fuel between January 2016 through December 2017 , including so-called contentious “ product loss allocation fees , ” was $ 55.5 million , according to the complaint . Trafigura 's total estimated overpayment to Colonial during the same period was $ 27.2 million , the complaint said .
The companies seek reparations of those amounts and asked FERC to investigate whether Colonial should be allowed to charge market-based rates due to its monopoly in some markets .
Colonial could not immediately be reached for comment but the company defended its fees in December saying the complaint from Chevron , Valero and Delta was based on “ purposefully manipulated ” financial data .
Others including refiner Phillips 66 , Flint Hills Resources LP and Castleton Commodities have filed to intervene in the proceeding . ( Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York ; Editing by Tom Brown )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A tougher test is needed when deciding if clearing of euro denominated assets conducted outside the European Union should be relocated to the bloc , a senior EU lawmaker said on Friday .
The draft law is seen by Britain as an attack on the City of London financial district where an arm of the London Stock Exchange ( LSE.L ) clears the bulk of euro denominated assets .
Britain , which is due to leave the bloc in March next year , is likely to welcome the softer stance in the report after euro clearing became a Brexit battleground with Brussels .
LCH and its regulator , the Bank of England , have warned that forced relocation would mean fragmenting markets in Europe , bumping up costs and potentially seeing the activity shift to New York .
The draft law proposes that the bloc could bar a significantly “ systemic ” foreign clearing house from serving banks and asset managers in the EU unless European regulators had full access to its operations to check on safety .
Such a bar would force the clearer to move operations to the bloc or lose the business .
The draft is being scrutinised by EU states and the European Parliament . Danuta Hubner , who is steering it through parliament , said in a report on Friday that it needed amending , but they stopped short of ditching outright the controversial forced relocation element .
The ability to deny recognition to a foreign clearing house is a last resort tool that should remain in place as an insurance mechanism to protect the financial stability of the EU , the report said .
Euro and Pound banknotes are seen in front of BREXIT letters in this picture illustration taken April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
“ However , the process of denying recognition should be made more fact-based and evidence-based and offer more certainty to market actors , ” the report said .
A decision to deny recognition should be based on “ a prior impact analysis and consider clear criteria ” .
Such reports help lawmakers reach an agreed position before thrashing out a final version with EU states , with many changes likely along the way .
The report said the definition of what would constitute a “ systemic ” foreign clearing house should be made far more granular by including its network of direct and indirect clients .
How easy or difficult it would be for a customer to find an alternative clearing house should also be taken into account , the report said .
EU regulators would have to study the “ potential consequences , in terms of costs and benefits ” of forcing a foreign clearing house to seek authorisation to operate in the bloc , it added .
Where a decision is taken to require relocation of clearing , there should be an “ appropriate adaptation period ” during which temporary recognition could continue , the report said .
Foreign clearing houses should also get 10 working days to respond to a request from EU regulators for information rather than the 72 hours proposed in the European Commission 's draft law .
NEW YORK , March 30 The U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority announced a new rule on Thursday that allows brokers to pause disbursements from client accounts if they suspect a client is suffering from dementia or being influenced by caregivers or scam artists .
The rule , which will go into effect in February 2018 , will also require brokerages to collect the name and phone number of a `` trusted contact person , '' which the brokerage will call if a withdrawal raises such concerns .
The delay is meant to give the brokerage time to contact trusted people and investigate the reasons for the disbursement of funds or securities .
Protecting senior investors from financial exploitation has been a top concern for FINRA in recent years , which launched a hotline in 2015 for seniors who have questions or concerns about their investment accounts .
The new rule , which applies to all of FINRA 's 3,900 member firms nationally , aims to resolve conflicts with some legacy FINRA rules that created problems for brokers who wanted to intervene on a client 's behalf .
For example , industry rules require brokerages to get the best possible prices for clients ' securities , which they may not be able to do if they pause a transaction that is later determined to be legitimate . This rule provides protection against that scenario .
Because FINRA is a self-regulatory organization solely for the securities industry , and its actions do not have the force of law , the new rule does not extend to state or federal courts if a client or family member were to file a lawsuit .
However , a few states , including Missouri , have passed laws with similar protections for brokers .
( Reporting By Elizabeth Dilts ; Editing by Bill Rigby )
( Updates to close )
April 13 Australian shares ended the last session of the week lower , as materials and energy stocks fell because concerns about rising inventories and a possible glut .
Globally , geopolitical tensions and President Donald Trump 's comment that the dollar `` was getting too strong , '' and expressed preference for low interest rates made investors jittery and weakened the greenback .
The S & P/ASX 200 index was down 0.8 percent , or 45.358 points , to 5,888.6 at the close of trade . On the week , the index gained 0.4 percent .
Miners in the region fell on overnight losses in Chinese steel and iron ore futures which fell to their lowest prices in months as market sentiment turned bearish on the demand outlook .
Iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange was down 0.6 percent at 0628 GMT .
BHP Billiton lost 4 percent in its third straight losing day , while shares in Fortescue Metals declined 6.8 percent in its sixth straight falling day , hitting its lowest in five months .
Fortescue Metals said it sees iron ore prices continuing to fall to between $ 60 and $ 65 a tonne as imports to China continue to rise , even after it reported a 6 percent fall in third-quarter shipments on Thursday .
Shares of the miner were down 6.8 percent , hitting their lowest in more than 5 months .
Energy stocks lost as crude oil futures slid for a second session on Thursday , on rising U.S. production stoking worries about global oversupply .
Woodside Petroleum lost 2.1 percent , its steepest intraday loss in more than two months .
Whitehaven Coal ended the session 6.9 percent lower after reporting a 11 percent decline in quarterly coal sales .
Regionally , data showing that employment in March rose by 60,900 in Australia , beating expectations , also failed to cheer the market .
New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index ended 0.3 percent , or 21.74 points , lower at 7,229.8 , adding to the 0.2 percent weekly loss .
Utility companies Meridian Energy and Contact Energy lost over 1 percent , while poultry products distributor Tegel Group led the losses , shedding 2.5 percent .
The Australia and New Zealand markets will be closed on April 14 for Good Friday . ( Rreporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru )
CRYSTAL PALACE 2 LEICESTER CITY 2
Crystal Palace fought back from two goals down to snatch a 2-2 home draw with Leicester City after Yohan Cabaye and Christian Benteke denied the Premier League champions in a pulsating clash on Saturday .
The result left Palace above the relegation zone on 35 points from 32 games , two behind Leicester who had taken a 2-0 lead through Robert Huth and in-form striker Jamie Vardy .
German defender Huth stood out in the first half as they headed the visitors into a sixth-minute lead and blocked a ferocious Wilfried Zaha volley .
Leicester seemed to be heading for a sixth league win in seven games under manager Craig Shakespeare when Vardy doubled the advantage with a brilliant goal in the 52nd minute .
Released by a delightful pass from Riyad Mahrez , Vardy spun their marker before unleashing a thumping left-footed shot into the far corner for their sixth league goal in seven games .
However , sloppy defending by the champions let Palace back into the match two minutes later as Cabaye took advantage of static marking and steered in a neat shot from 10 metres .
A wild effort by Zaha from a good position kept Leicester ahead but Palace got their reward in the 70th minute as Benteke rose above their markers and headed in an Andros Townsend cross from the left .
`` Today 's point feels like a win , it 's a tremendous fight back from the players and that would n't have happened when I first arrived - it just shows the change of mood of the players , '' Palace manager Sam Allardyce told the BBC .
`` We 've got 35 points now and it 's been a fantastic run of results , '' they added .
Vardy said Leicester were disappointed ahead of their home Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday when they will bid to overturn a 1-0 deficit .
`` We 're a bit gutted with the result in the end - if we 'd held on to the two-goal lead for a bit longer , we 'd have been fine , '' they said .
( Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic ; Editing by Ed Osmond )
March 29 Zall Group Ltd
* Expected that Wuhan Zall Heng , in which co has 60 % equity interest through its unit , Zall Development Wuhan , will be recognised as jv of group
* After consideration of financial effect of recognition , expect consol revenue for year ended Dec 2016 to remain at similar level as for year ended Dec 2015 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The dollar reversed earlier falls against the euro on Friday as traders took some profits ahead of U.S. non-farm payroll numbers , although its rise did little to improve a difficult week in which rising U.S. Treasury yields failed to help .
The euro zone 's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening have made the single currency more attractive for investors , while strong global growth around the world has encouraged investors to move cash out of the dollar .
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries US10YT=RR rose to near their four-year high , with economic growth and buoyant oil prices driving up inflation expectations and central banks starting to sound more hawkish .
Rising Treasury yields are traditionally associated with a stronger dollar . But Nordea Markets currency strategist Niels Christensen said that “ bond investors are selling out of U.S. Treasuries and at the same time liquidating out of their long U.S. dollar positions ” .
Still , with some euro profit-taking ahead of the non-farm numbers due later on Friday , the dollar recovered marginally . Against a basket .DXY of currencies , the greenback rose 0.2 percent . Against the euro , it gained 0.2 percent on the day to $ 1.2490 EUR= , but that still left the single currency within sight of last week 's three-year high of $ 1.2538 .
A survey released on Thursday showed that euro zone manufacturing continued to boom last month , bolstering the view that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy .
The euro has also benefited from ECB President Mario Draghi 's reluctance to talk down the currency , giving bulls the green light to push the euro higher .
Many strategists say the dollar 's sensitivity to domestic news currently looks weak - ING analysts called it “ limited and short-lived ” - as investors focus on monetary policy re-pricing opportunities elsewhere .
“ Today 's U.S. labour market report poses only temporary downside risk to the cross , ” ING said in a note .
Elsewhere , the dollar added to recent gains against the Japanese yen , helping it move away from a four-month low of 108.28 hit a week ago . The dollar rose 0.4 percent on the day to 109.865 JPY= .
The greenback was also up 0.3 percent against sterling at GBP= $ 1.4224 , although the pound remains on its best run since 2012 .
The Chinese yuan continued its recent rise against the dollar , notching up a high of 6.2773 , a 2 1/2-year high . The yuan is up 0.8 percent for the week CNH=D3 and was last trading at these levels in August 2015 .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters : //realtime/verb=Open/url=http : //emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets
ABIDJAN The United States imposed financial sanctions on Wednesday against two militia leaders accused of collaborating on violence intended to destabilise the Central African Republic , which is struggling to end years of division and bloodshed .
The assets of Abdoulaye Hissene and Maxime Mokom were both frozen , although it was not clear whether either holds any property within U.S. jurisdiction . Generally , U.S. nationals are also prohibited from transactions with those under sanctions .
Hissene is a chief in the mainly Muslim Seleka rebel coalition that ousted then-President Francois Bozize in 2013 . Mokom is an leader in the Christian militias known as anti-balaka , which arose in reaction to Bozize 's ouster .
Violence between the Seleka and the anti-balaka , which included waves of ethnic cleansing , has left the country deeply divided along religious fault lines .
`` Today 's action underscores our ongoing efforts to target those responsible for fuelling violence and human rights abuses in the Central African Republic , '' said John E. Smith , the director of the U.S. Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Assets Control .
The allegations against Hissene and Mokom , who initially hailed from rival armed factions , underline the increasingly convoluted web of alliances between rebels and militias that continue to undermine security despite successful elections .
U.S. authorities accuse them of collaborating as part of a plot to overthrow Central African Republic 's transitional government in September 2015 and attempting to derail through violence a constitutional referendum later that year .
They were suspected of planning to disrupt the arrival of President Faustin-Archange Touadera at the airport in the capital , Bangui , last June , raising fears of a possible coup attempt .
`` From seemingly opposing sides of the conflict , Hissene and Mokom have in the past few years conspired to keep the war going , much for their own personal benefit , '' said Ruben de Koning of The Sentry , which researches the financing of conflict in Africa .
Both Hissene and Mokom have commanded fighters during a new wave of clashes that has struck the centre of the country since November .
The violence , among the worst since 2015-16 elections , has stretched the capacity of a U.N. peacekeeping mission and highlighted the chaos that still reigns in much of the former French colony .
( Additional reporting by Lesley Wroughton in Washington , editing by Larry King )
LONDON , April 10 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - Two major cafe chains on Monday cut the price of a coffee for drinkers who bring their own cups in a bid to tackle the waste caused by disposable cardboard cups and help the environment .
To mark UK Coffee Week , sandwich chain Pret A Manger and the French bakery Paul both promised discounts to any customers who bring in their own reusable cup and order a hot drink .
Pret customers can get 25 pence ( $ 0.30 ) off their drink at any Pret in the London area , while the new `` Paul Cares policy '' is awarding a 10 pence discount at its United Kingdom locations .
The move comes as environmental campaigners put pressure on coffee chains to prioritise recycling with research showing an estimated 2.5 billion paper coffee cups thrown away in Britain each year , most of which are not recycled .
`` 'Paul Cares ' is our way of demonstrating our commitment to a passion we share with our customers which goes beyond the cup — lightening the environmental footprint of all we welcome through our doors , '' Paul 's UK CEO Jean-Michel Orieux said in a statement .
Orieux said the reusable cup discount will be a permanent fixture at Paul 's UK stores and the chain also relaunched reusable cups available for purchase .
Pret 's trial will run until the end of April and will then be reviewed , a spokesperson said .
Starbucks already gives customers with personal cups a discount and met a target for five percent of all drinks to be served in personal tumblers by 2005 .
UK Coffee Week , which runs until Sunday , is a fundraising initiative in which participating stores raise money for Project Waterfall , which aims to bring clean water facilities to coffee-growing communities around the world .
( $ 1 = 0.8055 pounds ) ( Editing by Belinda Goldsmith ; )
March 30 HAL Trust :
* Net income for 2016 amounted to 871 million euros ( $ 934.06 million ) ( 11.25 euro per share ) compared with 630 million euros ( 8.14 euro per share ) for 2015
* Nav based on market value of quoted companies and liquid portfolio and on book value of unquoted companies , decreased by 317 million euros in 2016
* Net asset value on December 31 , 2016 amounted to 12,754 million euros
* Proposed dividend per share over 2016 amounts to 7.10 euro ( 2015 : 6.50 euro ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9325 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 5 O2 Czech Republic As
* says successfully executed new funding ( “ Schuldschein ” ) in the total amount of CZK 3.5 billion ( CZK 3.0 billion and EUR 20 million )
* says company benefited from favourable market conditions and will use the funding with maturity of 5 and 7 years for general corporate purposes
* says Société Générale and Unicredit Bank acted as arrangers underwriting this transaction
* says total investors ' offer exceeded the targeted amount several times Further company coverage :
German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday addressed parliament after staving off their government 's collapse over issues concerning irregular migration to the country .
Them address comes at a tense moment across Europe . But they made clear that Germany 's fate is tied to that of the EU . `` The future of Germany is closely linked to the future of Europe … and the future of the global order , '' said Merkel .
While the parliamentary session was expected to focus on defense , it provided Merkel the opportunity to address other issues , including an agreement on migration between them and Interior Minister Horst Seehofer .
You can watch their address live here :
'International solution '
Merkel said the EU 's approach to irregular migration would include agreements with African countries , building up Libya 's coast guard to combat human trafficking and a possible Marshall Plan for the continent . They also said their government would work towards ensuring freedom of movement within the Schengen zone after Austria called for beefing up the EU 's external borders .
`` Migration is anything but just a European problem . It is a global problem that deserves an international solution , '' Merkel said .
However , Merkel still lacks outright support for the agreement from their government 's junior partner , the center-left Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
The German chancellor also talked about resolving the US trade dispute , increasing Germany 's defense budget and preserving rules-based global order .
'Agony of the Merkel era '
Ahead of Merkel 's address , opposition leader Alice Weidel of the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) party , called the standoff with Seehofer an `` unworthy act '' and called the agreement a `` pyrhic victory . '' Weidel arged that Seehofer had become the `` prolonger of the agony of the Merkel era , '' concluding with the AfD 's latest appeal for Merkel to resign .
Fitch : Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos .
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) Link to Fitch Ratings ' Report : U.S. Captive Finance Companies : 2016 Review ( Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens ) https : //www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK , June 14 ( Fitch ) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses , declining residual values and higher funding costs , according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings . In a
A worker maintains a street light at Tiananmen Square among smog during a polluted day in Beijing , China , January 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jason Lee
SHANGHAI China 's air quality inspectors found problems at more than 3,000 companies in the first three months of this year , of which a large proportion were found to be falsifying data , the environment ministry said on Friday .
The Ministry of Environmental Protection said it checked more than 8,500 firms in six municipalities and provinces including Beijing and central Henan , and found that many were not implementing air pollution control measures strictly or were still violating environmental regulations .
Some companies , including a firm owned by Foxconn subsidiary FIH mobile in Hebei province 's Langfang city , tried to stop inspectors from making checks , the ministry said . Others were found to be deliberating reporting false data , it said in an online statement .
A representative for Apple supplier Foxconn said the company was not able to comment immediately in response .
China says it is winning its `` war on pollution '' after strengthening legislation , beefing up its monitoring capabilities and cracking down on hundreds of polluting firms , and says average air quality improved noticeably in 2016 .
However , official data published last week showed that air quality was markedly worse in the first two months of the year than the same period of 2016 .
Throughout January , high winter coal consumption combined with unfavorable weather conditions to create heavy smog build-ups throughout northern China , especially in heavily industrialized Hebei province that surrounds Beijing .
That forced dozens of cities in the region to issue `` red alerts '' designed to curb industrial activity and thin traffic .
( Reporting by Brenda Goh ; Additional Reporting by Jessica Macy Yu in TAIPEI ; Editing by Paul Tait )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and North Korea ( all times local ) :
6:45 p.m .
The Trump administration is considering nominating the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific , Adm. Harry Harris , to fill the long-vacant ambassadorship to South Korea .
That would entail a shuffle in the administration 's plans for key diplomatic assignments . Harris has already been nominated to be ambassador to Australia . And the change would come only several weeks before a planned summit between the U.S. and North Korea .
Advertisement
A White House official and a congressional aide describe the plan on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to discuss them by name .
The aide says the State Department and the governments in both Australia and South Korea have been informed that the administration is looking at a switch of postings for Harris , although nothing has been made official yet .
Harris ' Senate confirmation hearing for the Australia post had been scheduled to take place Tuesday but was postponed .
___
11:35 a.m .
President Donald Trump says North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting `` as soon as possible '' and they are praising Kim Jong-un as `` very open '' and `` very honorable . ''
Trump is addressing their upcoming plans to meet with the North Korean leader during their discussions at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron .
Trump 's praise for the North Korean dictator stands in stark contrast to their past comments in which they referred to Kim as `` Little Rocket Man . '' The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is meeting with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang .
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan ( before tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 19
Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
* Legal cases may be warning to Taiwan 's allies
* Total claims amount to at least $ 261.4 mln
* Taiwan and China have used `` dollar diplomacy ''
* Claim nearly one-fifth of Guinea Bissau 's budget
By Emma Farge and J.R. Wu
DAKAR/TAIPEI , March 30 A state-run Taiwanese bank has successfully sued two African countries for $ 212 million in unpaid loans and brought a claim against a third , court documents showed , in a possible warning to allies who switched sides in Taiwan 's spat with China .
The three claims brought by the Export-Import Bank of the Republic of China before a U.S. district court against Guinea Bissau , Central African Republic and Democratic Republic of Congo amount to a total of at least $ 261.4 million including loans and interest .
The first case is pending and the other two Eximbank won .
`` We see this as a commercial loan case , '' Johnson C.T . Liao , vice president and spokesperson for Eximbank , told Reuters . They said most of Eximbank 's loans are international and are repaid .
`` Usually there is a long period of negotiation . Then when we ca n't find a way , we have to go through the legal process to protect the debt claims , '' Liao said .
But analysts say the legal action by Eximbank , which falls under Taiwan 's finance ministry , is likely to be a warning about the costs of forging diplomatic ties with China .
Guinea Bissau and Central African Republic have withdrawn support for Taiwan since the loans were disbursed and Congo did not ditch China even after receiving the money .
Taiwan 's foreign ministry said it could not comment on the matter because the case involves commercial loans . A Guinea Bissau official said the government was committed to responding to this claim under the rule of law but that its first priority is the welfare of its people and stability of the country .
Officials in Congo and Central African Republic did not respond to requests for comment .
`` It is not surprising that Taiwan would seek repayment from nations that switched allegiance , '' said The Atlantic Council 's Robert Manning , noting new tensions in China-Taiwan relations since the election of Tsai Ing-wen as president last year .
Tsai is also the leader of a ruling party that traditionally advocates independence for Taiwan , a red line for Beijing .
`` It is in part about getting their money back , but in no small part , a bit of retribution , '' Manning said .
DEBT RELIEF CONTROVERSY
All the claims filed at a district court New York State and seen by Reuters are for loans dating back to the early 1990s -- a period when Taiwan and China used `` dollar diplomacy '' to attract allies in Africa after the end of the Cold War .
The borrowers each failed to repay any principal and most of the interest on the loans , the filings showed .
Taiwan has competed with China for recognition since defeated Nationalists fled there in 1949 at the end of China 's civil war , but the tables turned in Beijing 's favour in the 1970s when the United Nations and United States switched sides .
Only 21 mostly small and poor countries recognise Taiwan , and a person familiar with government thinking says maintaining allies is difficult since they can always ask for a better deal or go to China instead .
In the last two decades Taiwan , whose economy is 20 times smaller than China , has struggled to compete with Beijing 's billions of dollars in aid and debt annulments . In Africa , only Burkina Faso and Swaziland still recognise Taiwan .
As recently as December , Sao Tome and Principe broke ties with Taiwan in favour of China , a decision the west African nation 's prime minister , Patrice Trovoada , explicitly linked to development aid expected from Beijing .
All of the Taiwanese bank 's cases have been brought since December 2015 , according to the filings which are lodged in a public database whose existence few are aware of .
Judges found in favour of the bank in the cases of Congo and Central African Republic for $ 57.3 million and $ 154.9 million respectively in two separate rulings in January 2017 .
It is unclear how the countries will settle the claims . The case brought in June last year against Guinea Bissau adds up to at least $ 49.2 million , or nearly a fifth of its last budget .
Bissau is arguing that the time frame for proceedings has expired , according to a memo submitted this month . The official said they hoped a resolution could be reached by year-end .
Claims against some of the poorest , most unstable countries in Africa are controversial as many states have been granted debt relief under an International Monetary Fund and World Bank initiative after extensive campaigns to relieve Third World debt .
However , Taiwan has not been admitted as a full member of either body .
`` The coffers are virtually empty and paying the attorneys in New York is a lot for them , '' said a Western diplomat , referring to the case against Guinea Bissau , which has experienced coups , and a civil war since taking the money and is now in the middle of a political crisis .
No defence lawyer details are listed for the Central African Republic , where more than three-quarters of the population lives in poverty , or for Democratic Republic of Congo , in a possible sign of a lack of money or expertise .
Former Taiwan ally Niger managed to cut a claim by Eximbank to $ 20 million from $ 183 million in a 2015 deal . ( Additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York , Liang-sa Loh in Taipei , Alberto Dabo in Bissau , Crispin Dembassa-Kette in Bangui and Aaron Ross in Kinshasa ; Editing by Tim Cocks and Giles Elgood )
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
March 31 Silver Standard Resources Inc :
* Silver Standard resolves export duty claim in Argentina
* Outstanding ARS amounts are subject to interest at a rate of 1.5 % per month
* Entered into tax moratorium system in Argentina to resolve dispute regarding application of export duties on Pirquitas Mine
* Upon completion of these payments all liabilities related to historical export duties and interest will be extinguished
* Under conditions of moratorium Pirquitas has agreed to pay approximately ARS 1 billion with 5 % paid upon entry Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY , June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd , Arrium 's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday .
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
April 12 Fortuna Entertainment Group Nv
* Fortuna Entertainment Group restates 2016 financial year net profit at 8.28 million euros , down from 11.24 million it originally reported
* Fortuna says the change `` resulted from the adjustment of the deferred tax assets after the reassessment of future eligibility in relation to legislative changes in Poland . '' Further company coverage : ( Prague Newsroom )
BEIJING Two senior oil traders at Sinopec Corp ( 0386.HK ) have resigned , with one set to join a private Chinese e-commerce commodity platform , two sources at the top Asian refiner told Reuters .
Xu Qing is leaving their post as vice president of Sinopec Fuel Oil Sales Co to become a senior executive with privately-owned ChinaYIE , a Shanghai-based online commodity platform active in chemicals trading , according to the sources . They declined to be identified as they were not authorized to speak with media .
ChinaYIE , which also trades non-ferrous metals and steel , recorded annual trade turnover of 167.4 billion yuan ( $ 24 billion ) last year , according to its website . Calls to the company 's main line went unanswered .
Xu was previously the Singapore-based head of Asia operations for Unipec , Sinopec 's trading company that competes with independent traders such as Vitol and oil majors including Royal Dutch Shell
The sources added that Ren Shiye , with some 15 years experience in physical and paper trading of refined fuels like diesel and kerosene , had quit as deputy head of Unipec 's products team several weeks ago and it is not clear which company they will join next .
Xu declined to comment . Ren was not immediately available for comment .
Sinopec 's spokesperson Lu Dapeng did not comment specifically on the moves , but said talent turnaround is a normal phenomenon for global companies .
Private Chinese entities are becoming magnets for luring seasoned traders away from state-owned energy firms like Sinopec , while global trading houses like Vitol and Trafigura [ TRAFG.UL ] used to be more popular .
`` Private Chinese entities are culturally easier to adapt to , while western trading houses tend to be overly profit-driven , '' said a Beijing-based senior oil trader .
One of Unipec 's most senior departures was its former head of crude trading Cui Zhenchu , now with CEFC China Energy , a rapidly growing privately-run oil and finance conglomerate .
A recent boom in China 's independent oil refineries has led to dozens of oil traders at state-owned companies moving to join these small , nimble companies , as well as majors and trading houses expanding to deal with these firms .
( Additional reporting by Florence Tan in Singapore ; Editing by Joseph Radford and Christian Schmollinger )
An armed police officer secures the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta , Egypt April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
VATICAN CITY Pope Francis ' trip to Egypt this month is expected to go ahead despite twin attacks on Christian churches that killed 44 people , Vatican officials said on Monday .
However , diplomats and Vatican sources cautioned that the trip could be put in jeopardy or parts of it changed if the security situation worsened .
The pope is due to spend about 27 hours in the Egyptian capital Cairo on April 28-29 , meeting with President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , grand imam Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb and the country 's Coptic Pope Tawadros .
Archbishop Angelo Becciu , the Vatican deputy secretary of state , told Italy 's Corriere della Sera newspaper that the events on Sunday , however tragic , `` could not impede the pope from carrying out their mission of peace . ''
Tawadros was leading a congregation at Mass in Alexandria 's Saint Mark 's Cathedral when it was attacked . They were not hurt . That blast in Egypt 's second-largest city came hours after a bomb struck a Coptic church in Tanta , a nearby city in the Nile Delta .
`` There is no doubt that the pope will carry out their intention to go , '' Becciu said .
The Vatican also sent several communiques about logistics to journalists due to accompany the pope on their plane , in another indication that the trip was still on .
However , a senior diplomatic source said `` we will have to keep our finger on the pulse of the situation until the very last minute . ''
In another indication of deepening worries about safety , there is no indication of the venue for a number of meetings by the pope in the latest programme .
Both Vatican and diplomatic sources said a number of events might have to take place in one location , such as the presidential palace , so as to limit the number of times the pope would have to move around in the city .
Both of Sunday 's attacks were claimed by the Islamic State , which has waged a campaign against Egypt 's Christian minority , the largest in the Middle East .
Egypt 's cabinet said on Monday a state of emergency would remain in place for three months .
( Editing by Pritha Sarkar )
PARIS , April 3 Louis Dreyfus ' core earnings fell further last year as the global agricultural commodity trader again faced pressure from an abundant supply of crops .
Large inventories , low prices and limited volatility have curbed margins in the past two years for companies such as Louis Dreyfus that buy , transport and process crops like wheat , soybeans and rice .
The privately owned company said 2016 core operating profits for its business segments fell to $ 1.2 billion from $ 1.4 billion in 2015 , marking a second successive annual drop .
Net sales fell to $ 49.8 billion from $ 55.7 billion in 2015 , while shipped volumes were stable at 81 million tonnes , Louis Dreyfus said in a statement on Monday .
Net income , however , rose to $ 305 million from $ 211 million , supported by favourable tax effects .
`` Oversupply , market shocks , geopolitical dynamics and adverse weather conditions were some of the difficulties that the agribusiness industry had to face during 2016 , '' said Chief Executive Officer Gonzalo Ramirez Martiarena .
`` Market fundamentals are unlikely to be very different in 2017 , so our agility in adapting to changing market conditions will remain critical , '' they said .
Dreyfus is part of the so-called 'ABCD ' quartet of trading giants alongside Archer Daniels Midland , Bunge and Cargill , that dominate global flows of agricultural commodities .
Like its peers , Dreyfus has been reorganising its activities and last year set out plans to seek partners to invest in its fertiliser , metals , juice and dairy businesses .
Dreyfus has also reined in capital investments , which last year fell to $ 354 million from $ 420 million in 2015 , to help weather tougher trading conditions .
The group expected the effects of its restructuring to start showing through in its results from next year , Ramirez said .
Rivals such as ADM and Cargill have also seen earnings from trading activities decline , although better performances at other units have helped boost their group profits in recent quarters .
Louis Dreyfus is controlled by Margarita Louis-Dreyfus , who also chairs the company 's board . ( Reporting by Gus Trompiz ; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta )
LONDON Britain 's automotive industry body defended diesel cars on Monday , as the government prepares to announce proposals for improving air quality which could follow London in making it more expensive to use the most polluting vehicles .
The government is due to announce by April 24 plans to comply with European Union legislation to improve air quality and meet nitrogen dioxide limits following a ruling by the High Court late last year .
London 's mayor has promised to crack down on polluting vehicles to make the city the greenest in the world , banning new diesel taxis from 2018 and introducing a series of new levies on motorists , which could be copied nationwide .
READ MORE : UK consumer spending grows at slowest rate in three years : Visa
Diesel cars have been increasingly maligned since the Volkswagen ( VOWG_p.DE ) emissions scandal in 2015 , while a study that year by researchers at King 's College London found nearly 9,500 Londoners die prematurely a year as a result of long-term exposure to air pollution .
`` Some recent reports have failed to differentiate between ... much cleaner cars and vehicles of the past , '' said Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders chief Mike Hawes .
Sales of diesel cars are down 1 percent so far this year in Britain , compared with a rise of 6 percent in the market as a whole . Demand for petrol is up 11.5 percent , in a sign that buyers may be moving away from diesel .
READ MORE : UK new car sales reach record high in March
Several cities such as Paris , Stuttgart , Athens , Brussels and Madrid are trying to reduce pollution by proposing bans , fines and restrictions on diesel vehicles .
( Editing by David Holmes )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ACHETER LOUER FR SA :
* NET CASH POSITION OF EUR 1.9 MILLION ( NOT 1.9 BILLION ) AT 31 DECEMBER
* FY OPERATING REVENUE EUR 3.6 MILLION VERSUS EUR 3.4 MILLION YEAR AGO
* CONFIDENT TO REALISE A GOOD FY 2018‍​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( Reuters ) - Male rats exposed to very high levels of the kind of radiation emitted by cellphones developed tumors in the tissues around their hearts , according to a draft report by U.S. government researchers on the potential health risks of the devices .
Female rats and mice exposed in the same way did not develop tumors , according to the preliminary report from the U.S. National Toxicology Program ( NTP ) , a part of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
The findings add to years of research meant to help settle the debate over whether cellphone radiation is harmful .
Although intriguing , the findings can not be extrapolated to humans , NTP scientists and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) said on Friday . They noted that the animal studies were meant to test extreme exposures to cell phone radiation , and that current safety limits on cellphone radiation are protective .
However , the two 10-year , $ 25 million studies - the most comprehensive assessments of health effects and exposure to radiofrequency radiation in rats and mice to date - do raise new questions about exposure to the ubiquitous devices .
In the studies , about 6 percent of male rats whose entire bodies were exposed to the highest level of cell phone radiation developed schwannomas - a rare type of tumor - in nerve tissue near their hearts , while there were no schwannomas in animals that were not exposed to radiation .
“ The intriguing part of this is the kind of tumors we saw were similar to tumors noted for quite some time in some epidemiological studies in heavy-duty cellphone users , ” John Bucher , a senior scientist with NTP , said in a telephone interview .
“ Of course , these were in the nerves in the ear and next to the brain , but the tumor types were the same as we saw in the heart . ”
Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , noted that the studies were negative for common tumors .
“ These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern , but in fact they wo n't change what I tell people : the evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak , and so far , we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people , ” they said in a statement on Twitter .
Brawley said if cellphone users are concerned about this data in animals they should wear an earpiece .
Unlike ionizing radiation such as that from gamma rays , radon and X-rays , which can break chemical bonds in the body and are known to cause cancer , radiofrequency devices such as cellphones and microwaves emit radiofrequency energy , a form of non-ionizing radiation .
The concern with this type of radiation is that it produces energy in the form of heat , and frequent exposure against the skin could alter brain cell activity , as some studies have suggested .
In the NTP study , rats and mice were exposed to higher levels of radiation for longer periods of time than what people experience with even the highest level of cellphone use , and their entire bodies were exposed all at once , according to the draft report .
Bucher said the effect likely only showed up in the male rats because they were larger , and likely absorbed more radiation than the female rats or mice .
Cellphones typically emit lower levels of radiation than maximum levels allowed , the draft report said .
Cellphone radiation quickly dissipates , so the risk , if any , would be to areas of the body in close proximity to the device emitting the radiation , Bucher said .
They said the findings are intended to help inform the design of future cell phone technologies . The study looked at only 2G and 3G frequencies , which are still commonly used for phone calls . It does not apply to 4G or 5G , which use different frequencies and modulation , they said .
NTP , a part of the National Institutes of Health , will hold an external expert review of its findings on March 26-28 .
Dr. Jeffrey Shuren , head of the FDA 's radiological health division , said there is not enough evidence to say cellphone use poses health risks to people .
“ Even with frequent daily use by the vast majority of adults , we have not seen an increase in events like brain tumors , ” they said in a statement . “ We believe the current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health . ”
Asked what the public should take from the study , Bucher said , “ I would n't change my behavior based on these studies , and I haven ‘ t . ”
Nevertheless , the findings are potentially a concern for device makers , especially the world 's three biggest smartphone sellers , Apple Inc , Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and China 's Huawei Technologies [ HWT.UL ] .
The CTIA , the trade association representing AT & T Inc , Verizon Communications Inc , Apple Inc , Sprint Corp , DISH Network Corp , and others , said on Friday that previous studies have shown cellphone RF energy emissions have no known heath risks .
” We understand that the NTP draft reports for its mice and rat studies will be put out for comment and peer review so that their significance can be assessed , ” the group said .
Samsung and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
April 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Romanian championship Champions Group matches on Saturday Saturday , April 15 Universitatea Craiova 1 FC Astra 3 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 FCSB 5 4 0 1 9 4 36 2 FC Viitorul Constanta 5 2 2 1 5 3 34 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 3 CFR Cluj 5 2 1 2 7 7 29 4 Dinamo Bucharest 5 2 2 1 5 3 29 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Universitatea Craiova 6 1 2 3 3 8 27 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 6 FC Astra 6 1 1 4 7 11 26 1-2 : Champions League preliminary round 3-4 : Europa League preliminary round 5 : Europa League depending on domestic cup Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , April 16 Dinamo Bucharest v FC Viitorul Constanta ( 1730 ) Monday , April 17 CFR Cluj v FCSB ( 1730 )
NEW YORK , April 10 A unit of a large China-based semiconductor investment fund has agreed to acquire U.S. semiconductor testing company Xcerra Corp for $ 580 million in cash , the companies said on Monday .
The move comes after the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) , a government panel that reviews acquisitions by foreign entities for potential national security risks , has cracked down on technology deals related to the semiconductor industry .
Chinese suitors have faced intense scrutiny from regulators in their pursuit of U.S. chipmakers , resulting in some failed deals in recent years .
The buyer is Unic Capital Management , a subsidiary of Sino IC Capital that was founded last year , according to the news release . Sino IC Capital was established in August 2014 and has approximately RMB 138.7 billion ( $ 20.9 billion ) in funds under management to invest in the semiconductor space .
Xcerra , based in Norwood , Massachusetts , designs and manufactures equipment to test semiconductors and circuit boards . It does not make semiconductors , according to the news release .
The deal is subject to CFIUS approval and is expected to close by the end of the year .
`` Sino IC Capital and Xcerra will work closely together with regulators , in an open and transparent manner , as they evaluate the merits of the transaction , '' Jun Lu , president of Sino IC Capital , said in a statement .
Unic is paying $ 10.25 per share in cash for Xcerra . Xcerra shares were trading at $ 9.69 at midday on Monday , up about 8 percent . That was still below Unic 's offer price , which indicates some market skepticism about the deal closing .
Xcerra is able to seek other buyers for next 35 days in a so-called go-shop provision of the merger agreement .
Xcerra was advised by Cowen and Company LLC and Latham & Watkins LLP . Sinoc IC was advised by Grant Thornton International and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati .
( Reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
April 13 Leyou Technologies Holdings Ltd
* Kingston securities will on behalf of offeror make voluntary conditional cash offers to acquire all shares in entire issued share capital of co
* Share offer price of hk $ 1.60 per offer share
* Application has been made to stock exchange for resumption of trading in shares on stock exchange with effect from 9:00 a.m. On 13 april 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 6 AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc :
* AcelRx Pharmaceuticals presenting comprehensive DSUVIA clinical trial results at ASRA 's annual regional anesthesiology and acute pain medicine meeting
* AcelRx Pharma -DSUVIA may have benefit as non-invasive analgesic modality in certain settings requiring short-term treatment of acute moderate-to-severe pain
* AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc- no statistical separation was observed between active and placebo-controlled groups for dsuvia
* AcelRx Pharmaceuticals - in emergency department study , DSUVIA resulted in a 3-point reduction in pain intensity within 60 minutes of administration Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WASHINGTON — Knicks center Joakim Noah used the word “ adversity '' four times during a morning-shootaround interview Friday at Capital One Arena . That 's two less than the number of surgeries he 's had .
With six NBA surgeries on their resume , Noah realizes he 's got a steep hill to climb to get significant playing time this season . Noah 's first roadblock is missing the first 12 regular-season games to finish out their PED suspension . Then there 's the three younger centers at their position on a rebuilding club .
“ I 'm dealing with a lot of adversity right now , '' Noah said . “ This is where the cards fall . It 's like being a rookie all over again . I got to prove myself . I got to prove myself every day . It 's my challenge that I 've put myself in . ”
Noah was rested in the preseason opener Tuesday against the Nets . He 'll get their crack Friday against the Wizards and still is likely their best pivot defender , even at age 32 . But their latest shoulder surgery in April has created more mystery about their playing level . The Knicks coaching staff was n't sure he 'd even be ready when training camp opened .
see also Joakim Noah knows this whole season is about redemption Joakim Noah 's first year as a Knick was beyond nightmarish , ...
“ I 'm still a work in progress , '' Noah said . “ This is not easy at all . I 've had a lot of time to mentally prepare myself for this , thinking about it a lot . I 'm in a tough position right now . Any time I 'm out there , I just want to make the best of it . ''
Hornacek admitted Friday he 's not going to slow the rebuild to eke out more wins . That could result in Noah only seeing playing time in case of injuries . Hornacek nevertheless has been highly complimentary , saying last week he 's “ shocked ” how well the defensive center has battled in camp .
“ That 's probably what it 's going to be , '' Noah said of a bench role . “ We have a lot of very talented players at my position . That 's just the reality . ''
Second-year man Willy Hernangomez figured to be the opening-night starter until the Carmelo Anthony trade netted Enes Kanter . Kyle O'Quinn , meanwhile , got the preseason-opening start after they came into camp in excellent shape .
Noah 's situation would n't be so vexing if they are n't in the second season of a 4-year , $ 72 million pact .
Ironically , the Wizards attempted to woo Noah , and now fits better in Washington . However , Noah is largely untradeable . On the first day of camp , Noah said they want to live up to their contract but realizes it could be difficult to get the playing time to shine .
“ I 'm battling my injuries , I 'm battling my adversity , '' Noah said . “ At the same time , every time I step on court it 's a blessing . ”
Hornacek said Noah still is in the mix .
“ We got four centers , they can all play , '' the coach said . “ We want to see which guy will help the team the most . Obviously we ca n't play all four of them . They battle every day . Competition is helping all of them elevate . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Spain 's Banco Popular could have been worth more than a billion euros when it was sold to larger rival Santander ( SAN.MC ) for just one euro in June , the independent valuation used by authorities to inform the sale showed on Friday .
Saddled with bad debt and facing a run on its deposits , Popular became the first bank to be wound down using new European rules aimed at avoiding bailouts by taxpayers .
But its sale for a nominal one euro , orchestrated by the European Union 's Single Resolution Board ( SRB ) , was contested by investors who lost 850 million euros 745.48 million pounds ) as a result and demand compensation .
In a confidential report sent to the SRB at the time and published on Friday , consultancy firm Deloitte valued Popular 's equity at 1.3 billion euros in its most optimistic scenario , or “ best case ” .
The publication of Deloitte 's report , in which Popular is referred to using to code-name Hippocrates , marks a victory for investors who had been asking for more information about the SRB 's decision .
In its “ worst case ” and base estimates , which were made public by authorities after the sale , Deloitte put Popular 's value several billion euros less than zero .
Deloitte 's report cautioned its estimates were “ highly uncertain ” because they were put together in just 12 days and with patchy information , adding the real value of the bank was best determined through an open and competitive sale process .
“ The best offer received following such a sale process is likely to be the best and most reliable indication of the value of the bank , ” the firm 's consultants , whose name was redacted , said in the report dated June 6 , a day before Popular 's sale .
Some key information , such as Deloitte 's estimate of how much money creditors could have recouped if the bank had been put into insolvency rather than sold , was blanked out in the document published by the SRB on Friday .
European Union rules state that creditors should not be left worse off after a bank is wound down using new “ bail-in ” arrangements than they would be if the firm had simply gone into insolvency .
The consultants highlighted some missing data and incorrect property valuations .
“ Most of the inconsistencies identified are due to the inadequate consideration of the ECO rules , ” Deloitte said , referring to Spanish regulations on the valuation of real estate assets .
The Spanish High Court is investigating the role of former Popular chairpeople Angel Ron and Emilio Saracho in Popular 's collapse following complaints by shareholders . The former directors have denied any wrongdoing .
The court is looking at allegations of false financial statements , investor fraud , market manipulation , and possible insider trading at Popular , according to law firm Quinn Emanuel , which represents a group of bondholders who want to join the investigation .
Launched in 2014 to end an era of bank bailouts , the SRB came under fire last year for deciding not to intervene in two failing Italian banks , weeks after forcing losses on Popular investors .
( $ 1 = 0.8011 euros )
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
MOSCOW , April 13 Russia 's government is to inject $ 265 million of budget money into a state-owned bank in Crimea because the lender does not have enough capital to finance infrastructure projects in the region , which Moscow annexed from Ukraine three years ago .
Russia promised ambitious projects to develop Crimea 's economy and hoped many of them would be financed by private business . But that finance has not materialised , in part because of Western sanctions on investments in the region . The burden has instead shifted on to state coffers .
According to a government order seen by Reuters , the charter capital of the Russian National Commercial Bank ( RNKB ) , one of the biggest lenders in Crimea , is to be increased by 15 billion roubles ( $ 265 million ) via the issue of additional shares .
The shares are to be bought by the government and paid for out of budget funds , the order stated .
In an explanatory note to accompany the order , the government said the resources the bank has at the moment were not sufficient to finance planned infrastructure projects such as new power plants and a new airport terminal .
The decision to increase the bank 's capital `` will allow RNKB to ensure implementation of investment projects , '' the note said . ( $ 1 = 56.5398 roubles ) ( Reporting by Alexander Winning ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
Industry Overview :
Global Aircraft Seating Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021 – Market Analysis , Scope , Stake , Progress , Trends and Forecast up to 2021
B/E Aerospace , Zodiac Aerospace S.A. , Geven S.P.A. , Aviointeriors , Sogerma S.A. , Acro Aircraft Seating Ltd. , Haeco Americas , ZIM Flugsitz GmbH , Aviationscouts GmbH , and Recaro Aircraft Seating Gmbh & Co. Kg . are some of the prominent players at the forefront of competition in the Global Market of Aircraft Seating and are profiled in MRFR Analysis .
Aircraft or Airplane Seating is of paramount priority for Airline companies when it comes to leveraging added comfort to enhance travel experience of their passengers . Airline companies , while investing significantly on Aircraft Component & Engine MRO and technology upgrade ; are also considering economics , and ergonomics of cabin furnishings to ensure Air Traveller 's Comfort . Airplane Seating Market is gaining a huge traction worldwide owing to the increased Air Travel rate . Recently , most of the Airline companies are seen making huge investments in modifying cabin interior and seating arrangements . Some of them are offering more comfortable luxurious lie-flat business class seating while some are adding extra row of economy seating ; at the same time some are introducing Recaro Aircraft Seating .
Accreditation the rising investment activities transpiring in the Airline Industry lately ; the Market Research Future promptly published a thorough study report giving out the complete market prognosis till 2021 . According to which , The Aircraft Seating Market is projected to grow at the rapid pace demonstrating an aggrandized expansion by registering ~ 13 % of a CAGR during 2016-2021 .
Over the last decade , the Aviation or Airline industry has been witnessing a robust growth , owing to the increased diversification among airlines worldwide . The passenger traffic is expanding exponentially , despite a slight slowdown in the global economy . In recent years , the large aviation markets , such as the U.S. , Europe , and Asia have witnessed increased expenses by passengers , due to the rising per capita income in these regions coupled with increasing rate of business travels . This in turn has resulted in the expansion of the aviation industry . Moreover , air travel has been made easier and convenient by the low-cost carriers , whilst airline companies are extending their services to various geographic locations . Due to which Air travel is increasing eventually , fostering the global aviation industry . To suffice this heightened demand of global Air travel ; Airline companies are increasing their fleet numbers & size . While industry players operating in the Aircraft Seating market ; are answering this increased demand in the best possible way by offering aircraft interiors innovations & radical improvements such as Body-friendly Seating etc .
Competitive Analysis
Characterized by the presence of several major well-established players , the global Market of Aircraft Seating appears to be highly competitive . Well established players incorporate acquisition , collaboration , partnership , expansion , and technology launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position . Strategic partnerships between Key players support the growth and expansion plans of the key players during the forecast period . The Key players operating in the market compete based on pricing , technology , reputation and services . These vendors are committed to deliver reliable , leading-edge products and services .
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News
November 2017 – Delta Air Lines announced that it will offer lie-flat business-class seating on domestic flights on six more routes next year as customer service on US domestic long-haul flights continues to become more competitive .
November 2017 – AUSTRALIA 'S largest budget airline commenced a bold plan to squeeze more seats onto its planes . An extra row of economy seating has been fitted into 43 of Jetstar 's A320 fleet by rearranging the toilets and reducing the galley space .
November 2017 – Singapore Airlines unveiled new Airbus A380economy-class seats , which will be introduced by the end of the year . The seats , Recaro Aircraft Seating 's CL3710 , will also be used on the carrier 's A350 and Boeing 787-10aircraft in 2018 . According to Recaro , the “ highly customized seat back and special padding will ensure exceptional passenger comfort .
For further information on this report , visit @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aircraft-seating-market-1275
Regional & Country Analysis
In 2015 , there were around 22,000 aircraft in service , the majority of them from North America . This figure is likely to double in the next 20 years to reach around 40,000 aircraft . Improved affordability and accessibility will stimulate demand for air travel in established markets and meet the emerging travel needs of the growing middle-class population in the region . By 2021 , EMEA is likely to lead the market with a market share of around 38 % , followed by Americas and APAC . In APAC region , there were around 6,000 aircraft in service in 2015 which is expected to have around 13,460 new aircraft over the next two decades . These factors will drive the demand for aircraft seating market .
The Arizona Cardinals have undergone a lot of changes . They have a new coach , a bunch of new quarterbacks and a new defensive system . They also have very low expectations nationally . The consensus seems to be that the Cardinals will be one of the league 's worst teams .
Cardinals cornerback Patrick Peterson believes these projections are “ disrespectful . ”
“ I believe that 's what we thrive off of , ” they said at their football camp recently , according to azcentral.com 's Kathleen Fitzgerald . “ We thrive off of being the underdog , being disrespected , being not thought of . ”
What do they think about the Cardinals ' chances in 2018 ?
“ So I believe you 'll probably see some of the best football you 've seen out of us since 2015 . ”
The 2015 campaign was the team 's best season ever , going 13-3 and making it to the NFC Championship Game . Since then , they have gone 7-8-1 and 8-8 .
An improvement on that should have the team competing for at least a wild-card berth in the postseason , or even the division title . While the expectations are low nationally , that does n't change what the team 's goals are this year . They have their eyes on a championship , but they expect to compete this year .
If Peterson is right , the Cardinals will be one of the big surprises of the season .
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire 's Jess Root on the Rise Up , See Red podcast . Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio .
China 's President Xi Jinping attends the closing session of China 's National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
FILE PHOTO : A combination of file photos showing Chinese President Xi Jinping ( L ) at London 's Heathrow Airport , October 19 , 2015 and U.S. President Donald Trump posing for a photo in New York City , U.S. , May 17 , 2016 . REUTERS/Toby Melville/Lucas Jackson/File Photos
BEIJING/WASHINGTON Beijing sought to play down tensions with the United States and put on a positive face on Friday as the U.S. administration slammed China on a range of business issues ahead of President Xi Jinping 's first meeting with President Donald Trump .
Trump set the tone for what could be a tense meeting at their Mar-a-Lago retreat next week by tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses .
Trump said the highly anticipated meeting , which is also expected to cover differences over North Korea and China 's strategic ambitions in the South China Sea , `` will be a very difficult one . ''
Ahead of the meeting , Trump signed executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing massive U.S. trade deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports , their top trade officials said .
Separately , the U.S. Trade Representative 's office , which is controlled by the White House , said Beijing 's industrial policies and financial support for industries such as steel and aluminium have resulted in over-production and a flood of exports that have distorted global markets and undermined competitive companies .
Seeking to downplay the rift , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang reiterated a desire for cooperation on trade .
`` With regard to the problems existing between China and the United States in trade relations , both sides should in a mutual respectful and mutual beneficial way find appropriate resolutions , and ensure the stable development of Sino-U.S. trade relations , '' they told a daily news briefing .
The leaders of the world 's two largest economies are scheduled to meet next Thursday and Friday for the first time since Trump assumed office on Jan. 20 .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said the United States has `` serious concerns '' on the U.S. trade relationship with China .
`` This is n't a sit around and play patty-cake kind of conversation , '' they told reporters . `` They 're big issues . ''
Trump `` wants to have a very good and respectful and healthy relationship , but they also want to make sure that they tackle the challenges and the problems that are facing American workers , '' Spicer said .
Speaking earlier at a briefing on the Xi-Trump meeting , Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang acknowledged the trade imbalance , but said it was mostly due to differences in their two economic structures and noted that China had a trade deficit in services .
`` China does not deliberately seek a trade surplus . We also have no intention of carrying out competitive currency devaluation to stimulate exports . This is not our policy , '' Zheng said .
CONCILIATORY TONE
State news agency Xinhua also struck a conciliatory tone .
`` Of course , it would be naive to believe that the two sides can bridge their differences in a single diplomatic meeting , '' it said in an English language commentary on Friday .
`` Yet as long as the two nations can maintain their good faith , which they have shown recently , to talk and to make concessions based on mutual respect , then no difference would be too difficult to iron out . ''
Trump has frequently accused China of keeping its yuan currency artificially low against the dollar to make Chinese exports cheaper , and `` stealing '' American manufacturing jobs .
The yuan fell 6.5 percent last year in its biggest annual loss against the dollar since 1994 , knocked by pressure from sluggish economic growth and a broadly strong U.S. currency .
Trump has resisted acting on a campaign promise to declare China a currency manipulator on their first day in office , but tensions have persisted over how their administration 's China policy would evolve .
While apprehensive about a trade war , the American business community in China has grown more vocal .
Fear of retaliation had once made business lobbies eschew more forceful U.S. trade policies toward China , but such groups have increasingly urged the Trump administration to take targeted action to address market access imbalances .
Zheng said domestic consumption in China will increase as it pursues economic reforms , helping to raise demand for foreign goods and services , including those from the United States .
`` This also helps ameliorate the trade imbalance between China and the United States , '' they said .
The trade imbalance could be resolved by improved cooperation , Zheng said , urging Washington to lift restrictions on civilian technology exports to China and create better conditions for Chinese investment in the United States .
The USTR report , however , accused China of using a range of measures to engineer the transfer of foreign technology to local firms . It said these include denying financial or regulatory approvals to companies using foreign-owned intellectual property or that do not conduct research or make products in China .
The report also brought up longstanding complaints about online piracy of movies , books , music , video games and software in China as well as a ban on U.S. beef that has been in place since 2003 .
( Additional reporting by Christian Shepherd and Michael Martina in Beijing and Steve Holland in Washington ; Editing by Lincoln Feast and James Dalgleish )
JOHANNESBURG/VANCOUVER ( miningweekly.com ) – Diversified miner Anglo American expects the continued disruptions at its Minas-Rio iron-ore mine , in Brazil , to result in a reduction in earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortisation of between $ 300-million and $ 400-million for this year .
Production was suspended at the mine in March , after leaks were discovered in the pipeline that transports iron-ore from its Minas Gerais mine , to the port in Rio de Janeiro state .
Advertisement
Brazil 's environmental regulator Ibama fined Anglo $ 21.1-million for the leaks and ordered it to halt mining operations .
“ Our own technical teams are working alongside two specialist teams in Brazil , from the Institute of Technological Research and the Federal University of Minas Gerais , to identify the specific causes of any weakness in certain sections of the pipeline , ” CEO Mark Cutifani said in a statement on Tuesday .
Advertisement
The inspection includes an internal scan of every section of the pipeline and will then be followed by a detailed analysis of the data and an assessment of required remedial action .
Following the full inspection , Anglo expects operations to restart upon the receipt of regulatory consent .
“ We are currently working with our unions to agree the appropriate terms for the approximately 35 % of our employees at Minas-Rio who will be on an extended period of leave , including providing training during that time , in addition to a pay and benefits package , ” they said .
MISSED OPPORTUNITY
Market research firm and consultancy Wood Mackenzie said in a statement that the news comes at a bad time for the operation , since the iron-ore that Minas Rio was producing – pellet feed – is a type that is currently in demand , with record price premiums achieved late last year . The halt in production also comes at a time when several iron-ore producers have issued downward revisions to production guidance , resulting in a tighter market .
“ Minas Rio will now miss the opportunity to sell its product during the tail-end of these highs . And with the market tightening , we could see premia for quality ores stay higher for longer . Whilst Minas Rio is not producing , the company is not able to fully demonstrate its ongoing commitments to the mining tenements . Therefore , this could potentially delay Minas Rio 's ramp-up to its ultimate capacity of 26.5-million tonnes per year , '' analyst Alex Griffiths said in a statement .
BANGKOK : From the courtiers of Ancient Greece to Soviet spies and maybe now North Korean agents , poison has a long history as a weapon of murder , favored by assassins for its stealthy delivery of the fatal blow .
The killing of Kim Jong-Nam , the half-brother of the North Korean leader , at a Malaysian airport has revived fascination in the poisoner 's methods .
In a story that could be cribbed straight from a spy novel , intelligence chiefs in South Korea say female agents dispatched by their secretive northern neighbor administered the lethal dose , with reports suggesting a toxin was sprayed in their face .
An autopsy was being carried out Wednesday .
A would-be poisoner can choose from a catalogue of deadly chemicals , some of which are relatively easy to obtain .
Ricin—naturally occurring in castor oil plant seeds—and thallium ( rat poison ) are notorious for their murderous properties .
Arsenic delivers a slow and miserable death , while strychnine induces extreme body spasms as the victim 's respiratory system collapses .
But “ cyanide is the fastest killer and the easiest to detect , its pathology appears all over the body , ” said Porntip Rojanasunan a forensic expert and adviser to Thailand 's Justice Ministry .
They said the victim 's “ bright red blood ” in post-mortem is the telltale sign of a potential cyanide poisoning .
Other chemicals such as potassium can cause “ an extreme heart arrhythmia .. and can lead to a heart attack very quickly . ”
Slow-acting poisons may allow assailants to slink away from the crime scene undetected .
But chemical compounds are not easy to store or handle and many carry a giveaway residue , smell or colour that makes them hard to conceal , Porntip added .
Apples , umbrellas and wine
Tales of poisonings—real or imagined—have formed their own mythology .
Poisoning has become a byword for backroom scheming by treacherous political rivals , revenge and cold-blooded murder .
Shakespeare took to the theme , with a penchant for poison-tipped endings for their characters , while Snow White 's demise after eating the poison apple became a cautionary tale on jealousy .
In real-life , academics still debate whether it is arsenic or the asp that did for the Cleopatra , toxic wine that killed Alexander the Great or poisonous secretions in their wallpaper that accounted for Napoleon .
Anguished housewives of Victorian Britain earned notoriety for dosing the food or drink of brutish husbands with arsenic .
More recently poison featured prominently in Soviet-era tradecraft .
In 1978 Bulgarian dissident Georgy Markov died after receiving a fatal dose of ricin delivered through the tip of an umbrella on a London street .
Their killer has never been caught .
Moscow was accused of carrying out an assassination on British soil in 2006 when tea laced with highly-radioactive Polonium-210 was served to ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , condemning them to a slow death .
In Asia , members of a shadowy Japanese cult dropped plastic bags of liquid sarin , a nerve agent , on packed Tokyo subway trains in 1995 , killing more than a dozen people .
Nine years later Indonesian rights campaigner Munir Said Thalib was killed after being poisoned on a flight from Jakarta to Amsterdam .
If Seoul 's spy chief is right , North Korea now appears to have added a new chapter to the chilling history of poison . AFP
AFP/CC
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Seven Stars Cloud Group Inc :
* SEVEN STARS CLOUD GROUP INC - ANNOUNCED A JOINT VENTURE WITH GUANGZHOU YONGKAI INDUSTRIAL CO. LTD
* SEVEN STARS CLOUD GROUP - JV FOR CONTINUED DEVELOPMENT AND UPGRADE OF DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT , SETTLEMENT AND CLEARANCE NETWORK Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
Hyderabad ( Andhra Pradesh ) [ India ] , Dec 11 ( ANI-NewsVoir ) : GrabOn , India 's top online coupons and deals platform , has brought onboard big names such as Tata CLiQ , Scoot and Honor as partners for its 12-day Christmas Carnival from December 11-22 , 2017 that will give its users a chance to win prizes worth up to Rs . 10,00,000 .
The prizes include return tickets for two couples to destinations in South East Asia , smart phones , gift hampers and many other goodies .
For this unique and one-of-a-kind Christmas gaming event , which will have exciting interactive elements , Hyderabad-based GrabOn ( http : //grabon.in ) has brought on board well-known sponsors and co-sponsors with the aim of spreading cheer and rewarding their consumers in this festive season .
The grand prize of the Christmas Carnival is sponsored by Scoot , the low-cost , medium-to-long haul arm of the Singapore Airlines Group . Ranked in the Top 10 of the World 's Best Low-Cost Airlines in 2015 by Skytrax , Scoot offers comfortable , uncompromised and affordable flights across 62 destinations spanning 16 countries .
Bharath Mahadevan , Scoot 's Country Head , India said : `` Scoot is excited to be associated with GrabOn 's Christmas Carnival , and in keeping with the season of gifting we are pleased to give away free tickets on our flights from India for two lucky couples . ''
The tickets can be used to fly out of India to Scoot 's International destinations such as Hong Kong , Macau , Kuala Lumpur , Singapore , Seoul , Bangkok , Phuket , Hanoi and 20 others .
The 12-day celebrations will be sponsored by Tata CLiQ , India 's leading marketplace portal , and co-sponsored by Honor , the mobile computing sub-brand of Huawei ; Purplle , the one-stop destination for beauty products ; and EventsHigh , the country 's biggest event discovery platform .
Honor has been generating quite a buzz in India with their flagship Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 . An Honor smartphone will be the Daily Top Prize during the carnival .
To participate in the contest , users should visit the campaign page ( http : //grabon.in/christmascarnival ) and log in with Facebook . They can then play games , share holiday wishes and refer friends to earn more points . The main aim is to top the leaderboard and better their chances to win big .
GrabOn 's Christmas Carnival follows its hugely successful campaigns such as # BachatWaliDiwali and Cricket Fantasy League , which registered thousands of daily participations .
`` We are pleased to announce that we have onboarded Tata CLiQ , Honor Phones and Scoot as our partners for the Christmas Carnival campaign . This campaign has the potential of bringing in more players than before with exciting gaming events and bigger prizes at stake , '' said Ashok Reddy , the founder and CEO of GrabOn .
With over 5.5 million monthly unique visitors , 14 million coupons redeemed every month and more than 25 million subscribers , GrabOn provides authentic coupons and discounts to users through its innovative Buzz notifications and savings app ( https : //app.grabon.in/gVfu/wykoIw9KHI ) .
In an effort to improve the experience of online shoppers , GrabOn has recently entered the price comparison space with BestPriceOn ( https : //bestpriceon.in/ ) , a service that helps them compare the prices of electronic gadgets and large electronic appliances on different online e-commerce websites before purchasing . ( ANI )
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
ATHENS , March 30 Alpha Bank , Greece 's fourth-largest lender by assets , was profitable in October-to-December for a second straight quarter as improved net interest income offset higher provisions for impaired loans .
Alpha , 11 percent owned by the country 's bank rescue fund HFSF , reported a net profit of 20.1 million euros ( $ 21.6 million ) , down from net earnings of 41.2 million in the third quarter .
For 2016 as a whole , the bank returned to profitability , posting net profit of 42.3 million euros after a loss of 1.37 billion in 2015 .
The bank 's non-performing loans ratio eased to 38.1 percent of its book at end-December from 38.3 percent at end-September .
Provisions for bad debt rose 18 percent quarter-on-quarter to 304 million euros from 258 million in the third quarter . ( $ 1 = 0.9318 euros ) ( Reporting by George Georgiopoulos )
( Adds details , share performance , comments throughout )
By Luciano Costa and Guillermo Parra-Bernal
São Paulo , April 12 Cia Energética de Minas Gerais SA will speed up efforts to renegotiate loans and divest electricity generation , transmission and distribution assets , as Brazil 's No . 3 power utility faces 8.7 billion reais ( $ 2.8 billion ) worth of debt maturities by the end of next year .
Cemig , as the utility is known , will reduce capital spending for this year after last year incurring large licensing payments for several hydropower dams , Chief Financial Officer Adézio Lima said at a conference call to discuss fourth-quarter results .
The utility , controlled by Brazil 's Minas Gerais state , is exiting some segments while revamping power generation , renewable energy and transmission operations . Its debt has tripled to 13.1 billion reais since 2012 , when a federal government decision to renegotiate power contracts brought about a decline in the value of electricity assets and hampered project returns .
Eighty percent of Cemig 's debt comes due by 2019 . Reuters reported in March that Minas Gerais wants Cemig to cut debt by selling majority stakes in generation , transmission and distribution units , and exiting most of the 26 percent direct stake it has in Light SA .
A combination of softer debt repayment terms and proceeds from asset sales should help bolster its credit situation in coming quarters , Lima said . A sale of Light shares is under analysis , while talks with an unidentified bidder to exit a stake in the Santo Antonio dam remain on track , Lima said , disputing news reports that they had collapsed .
`` We have a divestiture plan that the board approved in March , '' Lima said , without elaborating .
However , Cemig 's divestiture plans are taking longer than those of rivals , underscoring the difficulties of downsizing a company that grew too big , too fast in recent years . Many Cemig 's takeovers in recent years , spanning the telecommunications to gas distribution sectors , have delivered subpar returns .
Cemig lost 299 million reais in the fourth quarter , compared with a profit of 566 million reais the year earlier . Brazil 's harshest recession on record stoked delinquencies and laid bare operational inefficiencies that weighed down Cemig 's revenue in the quarter .
Preferred shares , Cemig 's most widely traded class of stock , dropped the most in three weeks on Wednesday , shedding as much as 5.5 percent . Expectations of faster asset sales have bolstered the stock 24 percent this year .
( $ 1 = 3.1500 reais ) ( Editing by Andrew Hay and Steve Orlofsky )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Global Grind
For reasons no one can quite explain , the Internet has been fascinated with casting Terence Howard for fictional roles in movies . Needless to say , it 's been the most hilarious thing ever .
Everyone has been creating memes using Howard 's trademark “ mayne ” and awesome Photoshop skills . The results have been priceless .
“ I 'll never turn to the dark side mane. ” pic.twitter.com/zhWQtBK3cy — Mans Not Hot Ent ( @ Just_JayyTee ) December 7 , 2017 https : //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
But wait , they get better ! Hit the flip for more hilarious mayne memes .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 S & P :
* S & P says ratings on the United Kingdom affirmed at 'AA/A-1+ ' ; outlook remains negative
* S & P says affirming long-term sovereign credit ratings on the U.K. at 'AA '
* S & P says Brexit continues to present a significant risk to U.K. 's track record of strong economic performance
* S & P on U.K. says outlook remains negative , reflecting continued institutional , economic uncertainty surrounding brexit negotiations
* S & P says Brexit continues to present a significant risk to the U.K. 's large financial services sector in particular
* S & P says `` we also see a heightened risk to external financing conditions in light of the U.K. 's high gross external financing requirements ''
* S & P says affirmed the 'AA/A-1+ ' long- and short-term issuer credit ratings on the Bank Of England
* S & P says U.K. has `` prospered '' as EU member and subsequent deal with EU will likely not be as beneficial for economy as full membership
* S & P says outlook on the long-term rating on the Bank Of England is also negative
* S & P says `` we further think Brexit will continue to create challenging political and constitutional issues around the unity of the united kingdom ''
* S & P says despite forecast for slight narrowing of current account deficit , still view U.K. 's high external deficits as vulnerability
* S & P says view the U.K. 's monetary and exchange rate flexibility as a key credit strength
* S & P - given uncertainties around Brexit negotiations , expect GDP growth in 2017-2020 to average 1.4 % , down from pre-brexit forecast of average of 2.1 % in 2017-2019
* S & P says could lower the rating on U.K. if GDP per capita ( in U.S. dollar terms ) or public finances weaken markedly beyond S & P 's current expectations Source text ( bit.ly/2oTvw3T )
May 3 Summit Hotel Properties Inc
* Summit Hotel Properties reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $ 0.32
* Summit Hotel Properties Inc - Qtrly pro forma revenue per available room grew to $ 112.50 , an increase of 1.5 percent
* Summit Hotel Properties Inc qtrly same-store revpar grew to $ 109.78 , an increase of 0.2 percent over same period in 2016
* Summit Hotel Properties Inc - Qtrly FFO per diluted share and unit $ 0.30
* Summit Hotel Properties Inc - `` Maintaining our full year 2017 outlook for revpar growth and adjusted FFO per share '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Updates to close )
May 2 Australian shares snapped seven straight sessions of gains to end Tuesday lowers than financial stocks fell after Australia and New Zealand banks ' quarterly earnings missed expectations .
Meanwhile , Australia 's central bank also held rates steady at 1.5 percent for a ninth straight month on Tuesday as it sought to balance the risk of bursting a debt-fuelled property bubble against subdued inflation and wages growth .
The S & P/ASX 200 index closed 6.123 points , or 0.1 percent , down at 5,950.4 , after seven straight gaining days .
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group fell as much as 3 percent , logging its worst day in nearly six months , after a 23 percent rise in first-half cash profit fell short of analysts ' expectations .
ANZ was the first to report half-year results among the 'Big Four ' banks which had rallied in previous sessions on optimism ahead of the results .
`` ANZ 's miss on consensus was disappointing in the background of that rally , '' said Ric Spooner , chief market strategist at CMC Markets .
The ASX financial index was down over a percent as the other three of the 'Big Four ' banks fell between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent .
Investors will now be looking for National Bank of Australia 's half-year results due on May 4 .
Basic material stocks also fell as BHP Billiton , which has significant oil interests , fell 0.5 percent , while gold stocks lost momentum as the precious metal hit near three-week lows .
Newcrest Mining shed 0.4 percent , while Evolution Mining declined 3.5 percent .
On the other hand , consumer non-cyclicals gained as Woolworth 's rose as much as 2.5 percent after posting strong sales figures for the quarter .
New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index rose for the seventh straight day , up 0.5 percent , or 40.27 points to 7,422.49 .
Industrials and utility stocks gained with Air New Zealand and Port of Tauranga rising 3 percent , while Meridian Energy climbed as much as nearly 2 percent , its biggest intraday percentage gain in 4 weeks . ( Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru ; Additional reporting by Rushil Dutta ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Hideki Matsuyama has broad shoulders but is not finding it easy to carry the weight of an entire nation as they seek to become the first Japanese man to win a major .
Matsuyama started the third round of the PGA Championship tied for the lead with Kevin Kisner but never got into gear , a bogey at the first setting the table for a pedestrian one-over-par 72 .
That was still good enough to remain in contention , a stroke behind Kisner , who dropped three shots in the final three holes .
`` Probably the pressure had something to do with it , being in the last group in a major tournament , '' said Matsuyama .
`` But I have n't been spot-on all week , and the worries I had about my swing showed up today in the way I played .
`` I 'm disappointed the way I played today , however I 'm happy to be one stroke back and still have a chance and looking forward to tomorrow . ''
Matsuyama is coming off a closing 61 that clinched a runaway victory at last week 's WGC-Bridgestone Invitational . They said at the time they had shot the stunning score despite being uncomfortable with their swing , words they repeated pre-tournament here .
Despite their struggles , the 25-year-old played the difficult final three holes better than their rivals , parring them all to finish the day much closer than they expected an hour previously .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
March 29 Mastercard Inc :
* Mastercard enhances security of the internet of things with the acquisition Of Nudata Security Inc
* Mastercard Inc - terms of agreement were not disclosed . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Horst Seehofer , Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Bavarian ally , said they saw no reason to extend negotiations on forming a new German coalition beyond an initial deadline of Sunday night .
“ I think we 'll get this done in the coming days , ” Seehofer told reporters on arrival for negotiations on Friday . “ So far , there is no reason to expect we will need longer than Sunday . ”
Officers received information last Wednesday about a suspect on South Hatton Street who was involved in drug activity . Officers stopped Michael Dylan Williams , 18 , searched their vehicle and found ammunition and drugs inside .
Officers searched the area and found a Hi-Point semi-automatic handgun .
Further information identified Williams as a person of interest in another incident that involved a gun . Williams was arrested and charged with manufacture , delivery , sale or possession of meth , possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Officers took Williams to Wilson County Jail , where they remained on $ 17,500 bond . Other charges against Williams remained pending , according to police .
OSLO A three-year-old trade row with Beijing over polysilicon used in solar panels could be resolved soon as the Trump administration looks to reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China , the chief executive of REC Silicon ( REC.OL ) said on Wednesday .
China imposed tariffs on , and later banned , imports of solar-grade U.S. polysilicon in 2014 , shutting U.S. producers out of a market that accounts for 80 percent of global demand .
A lobbying effort is currently under way in Washington to ensure polysilicon is included on a list of goods being drawn up to help the United States reduce its trade deficit with China , REC Silicon CEO Tore Torvund said during an earnings presentation .
`` We have an ongoing conversation with the new administration and we are in agreement . They have expressed a clear interest in finding a resolution to this , '' said the CEO , who was in Washington last week to talk with U.S. officials .
`` There is definitely a positive momentum right now and if this momentum is realised then something will happen within the next 2-3 months . ''
Oslo-listed REC Silicon owns the Moses Lake Polysilicon production plant in the U.S. state of Washington , one of the largest in the world . Output capacity has been reduced by 50 percent as a result of the trade row with China and 70 employees have been laid off .
Torvund said chances for resolving the dispute increased significantly after U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping met in Florida last month .
`` We were actively trying to get this ( dispute ) on the agenda at that meeting and what occurred is basically that the two presidents decided to put together a list within the next 2-3 months of means to try to reduce the trade deficit between the U.S. and China , '' Torvund said .
`` We want to be on that list and have told the administration that if this dispute was to be resolved , we could increase our export to China by $ 400- $ 500 million , and it would create hundreds of new jobs in the U.S. , because we and the other companies could then restart our operations . ''
( Reporting by Joachim Dagenborg ; editing by Gwladys Fouche and Jason Neely )
UK to step up support for start-ups , infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON , June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union .
April 12 Neuralstem Inc
* Neuralstem expands phase 1 safety trial of NSI-566 neural stem cells in spinal injury
* Neuralstem - New cohort of four patients will be added to ongoing phase 1 human clinical trial for NSI-566 spinal cord-derived neural stem cells
* Neuralstem - Amended protocol was approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration , institutional review board at study site , University of California San Diego Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SEOUL , March 29 A board member of South Korea 's central bank said on Wednesday that stability of the price level should be at the heart of the bank 's policy decisions even if it meant diverging from U.S. interest rates -- which appear set to increase steadily . Bank of Korea board member Cho Dong-chul said in doing so , interest rate decisions should focus on local economic conditions , and not on the U.S. Federal Reserve 's policies .
`` There are sufficient grounds to believe that our monetary policy could proceed in a different manner from the direction where the United States is going , '' Cho said , reiterating the bank 's earlier stance that the BOK wo n't be raising interest rates just because the U.S. is doing so .
Choi 's comments come as policymakers debate whether an easing cycle that began in 2012 should end as the Federal Reserve is set on a course of monetary tightening .
Currently , the prevailing dominant view among analysts is that the BOK will remain in wait-and-see mode amid uncertainties including the upcoming South Korean presidential election and increases in U.S. interest rates .
The BOK last lowered its policy rate in June 2016 and has kept it at 1.25 percent since then .
Its inflation target is 2 percent , while the benchmark consumer price index was at 1.9 percent in February . ( Reporting by Cynthia Kim ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
May 3 Restaurant Brands International Inc
* Restaurant Brands International Inc announces pricing and upsizing of first lien senior secured notes offering and revised sizing of additional borrowings under its existing first lien term loan facility
* Restaurant Brands International Inc - issuers priced their previously announced offering of 4.250 % first lien senior secured notes due 2022
* 2017 senior notes were priced at 100.000 % of their face value
* Upsized offering of 2017 senior notes from an aggregate principal amount of $ 1,000 million to $ 1,500 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BROOKLINE , Mass . ( AP ) — Residents of a Boston suburb have voted to rename the elementary school once attended by John F. Kennedy because it was named for a former slave owner .
Town meeting members in Brookline voted Tuesday 171-19 to change the name of the Edward Devotion School .
It will be known as the Coolidge Corner School , after its neighborhood , until a new name can be approved at next spring 's town meeting .
Deborah Brown , who proposed the change , said , `` No child should have to walk into a school named for someone who enslaved people . ''
Advertisement
Opponents called the name change an empty gesture that does n't address racism 's underlying causes .
Devotion , who died in 1744 , left money to the town on the condition it is used for a school .
The future president attended from kindergarten through third grade .
March 29 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
- Reversing clean power rules may lead to more drilling and pipelines , but economics and state initiatives still favor natural gas and renewable energy . nyti.ms/2nKunOA
- South Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is considering offering refurbished models of its canceled smartphone , a move that has raised eyebrows in the technology world . nyti.ms/2nyOf6O
- Didi Chuxing , a company in China that last year bested Uber in that huge ride-sharing market , is in negotiations to get SoftBank of Japan to take part in a multibillion-dollar investment round , according to people familiar with the talks . nyti.ms/2owh1m3
- Tencent Holdings Ltd , one of China 's internet giants , has acquired a 5 percent stake in Elon Musk 's electric-car maker Tesla Inc , according to a filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday . nyti.ms/2owF6sU
- BlackRock Inc is merging many actively managed mutual funds with peers that rely more on algorithms and models to pick stocks . nyti.ms/2nyJ6M6
- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved on Tuesday the first drug to treat a severe form of multiple sclerosis , offering hope to patients who previously had no other options to combat a relentless disease that leads to paralysis and cognitive decline . nyti.ms/2o53aGN ( Compiled by Aurindom Mukherjee in Bengaluru )
SAN FRANCISCO : Google on Tuesday launched a re-imagined version of its free Earth mapping service , weaving in storytelling and artificial intelligence and freeing it from apps .
“ This is our gift to the world , ” Google Earth director Rebecca Moore said while giving Agence France-Presse an early look at the new version of the program that lets people range the planet from the comfort of their computers , smart phones or tablets .
“ It 's a product that speaks to our deepest values around education and making information available to people . ”
A new ‘ Voyager ' feature enables people digitally exploring the planet to be guided on interactive stories told by experts , boasting partners including BBC Earth , NASA , Sesame Street , and the Jane Goodall Institute .
Google artificial intelligence will be put to work for Earth users in the form of “ knowledge cards ” that let them dive deeper into online information about mountains , countries , landmarks or other places being virtually visited .
It will also make suggestions on other locations armchair explorers might be interested in exploring based on what they have searched in the past .
“ This is the first time we have done this deep integration with the Google Knowledge Graph , ” Earth engineering manager Sean Askay said .
“ Everything Google knows about the world , you can know about the world . ”
There is also a newly installed “ Feeling Lucky ? ” feature for people who want to let the software suggest hidden gems such as Pemba Island off the Swahili coast or the Oodaira Hot Spring in Yamagata , Japan .
People can choose to fly around the world in Earth , using a 3-D button to see the Grand Canyon , Chateau Loire Valley and other stunning spots from any angles they wish .
“ With the new Earth , we want to open up different lenses for you to see the world and learn a bit about how it all fits together ; to open your mind with new stories while giving you a new perspective on the locations and experiences you cherish , ” Earth product manager Gopal Shah said in a blog post .
Online explorers cruising the mobile version of Earth can also capture pictures on their travels , sending friends digital postcards .
New Earth was launched on Google 's Chrome and Android software , with versions tailored for Apple devices and other internet browsing software promised soon .
It 's the first time that Earth can be reached on a web browser instead of through applications installed on devices .
The move allows Google to tap into more powerful computing power at data centers in the internet “ cloud ” instead of relying on the capabilities of smartphones and other devices . AFP
AFP/CC
( Updates prices )
By James Regan
SYDNEY , April 28 Copper tracked modestly higher on Friday with traders saying some investors were active buying on price dips , but warning at the same time that broader industry sentiment pointed to a weaker outlook .
FUNDAMENTALS
* COPPER : Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was up 0.4 percent to $ 5,713 a tonne at 0700 GMT , reversing losses from the previous session .
* SHANGHAI : The most-traded copper contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange settled 0.04 percent higher at 46,330 yuan ( $ 6,719 ) a tonne .
* China 's main stock indexes fell on Friday and looked set for their third straight weekly loss on fears regulators will step up their latest crackdown on riskier types of financing and speculation .
* CHINESE MANUFACTURING : The pace of expansion in China 's manufacturing sector likely slowed this month , a Reuters poll showed . Data is due on Sunday , April 30 .
* ANTI-MINING : Nickel prices have been rising since Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez said on Thursday they would ban open-pit mining .
NICKEL PRICES : ShFE nickel settled 1.7 percent higher . LME nickel was up 1 percent .
* BHP SHAREHOLDERS : Two weeks after Elliott Management 's surprise assault on BHP Billiton , its three-point demand for change is gaining little traction .
* SILVER : London 's silver price benchmark is plagued by unpredictable fluctuations that risk undermining its credibility and may complicate London Bullion Market Association efforts to find a new operator , according to a Reuters analysis of trading data and 10 industry sources .
* MARKET NEWS : Asian stocks slipped on Friday as investors took profits after a strong week , while the Korean won weakened after U.S. President Donald Trump said they would renegotiate or terminate a trade deal with South Korea .
* For the top stories in metals and other news , click or
DATA/EVENTS 0600 Germany Import prices Mar 0600 Germany Retail sales Mar 0600 Britain House prices Apr 0645 France Consumer spending Mar 0830 Britain Preliminary GDP Q1 0900 Euro zone Inflation flash Apr 1230 U.S. GDP advance Q1 1230 U.S. Employment costs Q1 1345 U.S. Chicago PMI Apr
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ( $ 1 = 6.8953 Chinese yuan )
( Reporting by James Regan ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell and Amrutha Gayathri )
March 29 Ford Motor Co :
* Ford Motor Co - cost of recalls is estimated to be about $ 295 million
* Ford - cost of recalls will be incurred primarily by North America , Europe business units and included in Q1 2017 adjusted pre-tax results - SEC filing
* Ford Motor Co - cost of recalls was included in EPS guidance for Q1 2017 , total co adjusted pre-tax profit guidance for full-year 2017 Source text : ( bit.ly/2ngCOxg ) Further company coverage :
Saudi Arabia 's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy
June 15 Saudi Arabia 's Sedco Capital said on Thursday it has launched an investment strategy combining environment-conscious and sharia-compliant principles , as Islamic financial firms gradually embrace socially responsible investing .
March 30 Acer Inc
* Says 2016 net loss after tax at T $ 4.9 billion ( $ 161.79 million )
* Says 2016 operating profit at T $ 23.2 billion
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2mS3Wat ( Please cut and paste the link into a browser to read the release )
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 30.2870 Taiwan dollars ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 6 Changshu Automotive Trim Co Ltd :
* Says it completed establishment of auto parts JV in Tianjin , which is capitalized at 45 million yuan
* The company holds 40 percent stake in the JV
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/MlIQF2
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
OXFORD , England , April 6 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - Winning effective action on climate change will require treating the problem less than an environmental or human rights crisis and more as a sensible economic shift , the former Maldives president said Thursday .
“ While it remains an ethical or human rights issue , it 's not so easy to have it in your political manifesto , ” Mohamed Nasheed said , pointing to climate change 's political divisiveness in the United States .
But any politician , they said , can win votes by promising more jobs and a stronger economy – something eminently achievable if the world transitions to cleaner and more sustainable energy , a move that also would bring environmental and social benefits .
The world needs to package the benefits of a low-carbon transition in way “ that political parties can embrace ” , said Nasheed , speaking at the Skoll World Forum on Social Entrepreneurship in Oxford .
Some populist politicians are already persuaded on the economic benefits of stepping up climate action , said Samir Saran , vice president of the New Delhi-based Observer Research Foundation , which works on policy responses to problems facing India .
India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi , for instance , aims to put in place 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022 – approaching the entire electrical generating capacity of Germany today , Saran said .
The aim is not primarily to fight climate change , but to develop the country – and cut poverty – in the quickest , most effective and most sustainable way , they said .
India , by developing without large amounts of fossil fuels , “ will be the first country in the world to create a new model of growth that will be exportable to the whole world ” , Saran predicted – a point of national pride and a potential route to economic success .
REJECT CLEAN ENERGY , REJECT LEADERSHIP ?
Nasheed , who was ousted from the Maldives presidency in a 2012 coup , said they did n't believe that the election of U.S. President Donald Trump , whose administration is trying to reverse action on climate change and promote dirty fuels such as coal , would have any significant impact on countries like China and India as they push ahead on clean energy .
“ If you are unable to embrace the new technology , embrace the future , you can not be the future leader ” of the world , they warned Trump .
“ The United States wants to relinquish their world leadership . They can do that , ” said Nasheed , who now lives in exile in Britain . ” But it 's not going to stop the rest of the world . And it 's not even going to stop the United States from transforming . ”
In particular , when it comes to coal , “ you can love coal as much as you want ” but it wo n't become a dominant fuel again in the United States because the economics do n't make sense , they said .
However , Sharon Burke , an assistant secretary of defense under former President Barack Obama , warned that climate change has become such a politically divisive issue in the United States that turning it back into an economic issue – regardless of how much sense it makes – will be hugely challenging .
“ I 'm not sure how we chart our way back to that , and I 'm not sure we can because of the money and the vested interests involved in the dialogue , ” said Burke , now an international security adviser with New America , a Washington-based political think tank .
Meanwhile , “ you ca n't overestimate how destructive this President could be to this agenda ” of moving to clean energy and protecting climate stability , they warned .
BANKERS A BARRIER
Saran , however , said they thought the more serious obstacle to rapid expansion of clean energy was foot dragging by the world 's bankers .
“ There 's one major actor still not signed on to the Paris climate deal , and unless we bring them on , energy leapfrogging will be more difficult , ” they said .
Banks are not directing enough money to India 's huge-scale clean energy push , for instance , Nasheed and Saran said , for a big range of reasons , from the quick pace of technological change to worries about risk in developing countries , vested interests and just greater comfort in lending to things they 're already familiar with .
That was in evidence Thursday , as the Green Climate Fund - which aims to help poorer countries develop cleanly and adapt to climate impacts – agreed to provide cash for a large hydropower dam in Tajikistan but balked at spending $ 100 million to help farmers and herders in Ethiopia become more resilient to drought .
“ Bankers are really familiar with concrete and steel , so every workable solution is concrete and steel , ” Nasheed said .
Saran said banks need to realise that moving money for clean energy and climate resilience is good business .
“ We need the bankers to sign up to this deal , ” they said . “ Unless we can change the way big funds and bank ( behave ) , we might fall short of what we really need to be doing – which is much more . ”
( Reporting by Laurie Goering @ lauriegoering ; editing by Astrid Zweynert : ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , climate change , resilience , women 's rights , trafficking and property rights . Visit news.trust.org/climate )
Norway 's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO , June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent , the Norwegian Home Builders ' Association ( NHBA ) said on Thursday .
ZURICH , March 30 Austrian `` bad bank '' Heta Asset Resolution AG , the vehicle disposing of the remnants of failed lender Hypo Alpe Adria , is well ahead of plans to wind down 80 percent of its portfolio by the end of 2018 and may hit the goal this year , it said .
The collapse of Hypo Alpe Adria has cost Austria billions of euros . Its home province of Carinthia in October clinched a buyback of the bank 's debt , averting the threat of bankruptcy for the region unable to honour debt guarantees it had granted .
Heta swung to a profit last year thanks to a debt cut that helped eliminate its negative equity value the year before .
It posted a 2016 profit of 7.48 billion euros ( $ 8.03 billion ) under Austrian accounting standards . Under IFRS standards it made a profit of 6.71 billion euros .
Its total assets under local standards edged up to 9.9 billion euros and its cash reserves swelled to 6.2 billion from 4.3 billion the year before , Heta said on Thursday .
Cash reserves rose further to 7.9 billion by the end of March , it added , helped by the early ending of refinancing lines and the sale of assets , including all its Italian operations . ( $ 1 = 0.9310 euros ) ( Reporting by Michael Shields ; Editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Vmware Inc :
* DELL TECHNOLOGIES - IS EVALUATING POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES , INCLUDING A POTENTIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION OF DELL TECHNOLOGIES , VMWARE
* DELL TECHNOLOGIES SAYS POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES CURRENTLY BEING EVALUATED DO NOT INCLUDE SALE TO A THIRD PARTY OF CO OR THE ISSUER
* DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC SAYS DELL TECHNOLOGIES IS ALSO CONSIDERING MAINTAINING “ THE STATUS QUO ” - SEC FILING
* DELL TECHNOLOGIES - EVALUATING POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES , INCLUDING POTENTIAL PUBLIC OFFERING OF DELL TECHNOLOGIES STOCK Source text : ( bit.ly/2DX0Ryl ) Further company coverage :
In just under 10 weeks , Cape Town plans to turn off its water taps . Four million residents in South Africa 's `` Mother City '' are preparing for the worst .
`` Everybody is panicking , '' said Fowzia Hendricks , 52 , who travels nearly 20km to a natural spring outside South African Breweries in Newlands every few days to stock up on drinking water , joining the queue to fill 15- and 25-litre containers .
`` We heard the city might run out of water but we did n't think it would happen , '' Hendricks said .
`` I think it 's very serious . ''
Advertisement
For the past three years , the city has been in the grip of an unprecedented drought . The historic dry spell , coupled with its booming population , has left Cape Town 's dams at only about 26 per cent capacity .
When they reach 13.5 per cent - a point the city is calling Day Zero , predicted to hit on April 16 - the authorities will turn off most of the city 's taps , and residents will have to get their water at about 200 collection points monitored by police and the military .
Officials have acknowledged that the problem is almost unavoidable , potentially making Cape Town the first major city in modern times to run out of water .
The drought `` is a catastrophe '' said Neil Armitage , head of the University of Cape Town 's urban water management department . `` It 's like waking up one day to a magnitude 7 earthquake . Everyone is in a panic . ''
Capetonians are stockpiling water , clearing supermarket shelves of plastic bottles . Police stand guard at natural springs after fights broke out between people queuing , and the city 's tourism industry is suffering as sun-seeking visitors stay away .
Though the city is scrambling to get more water using groundwater and desalination plants , many frustrated residents accuse the city of mismanaging the water supply .
`` They 've had years to plan for this , '' said Bill Kennedy , wiping sweat from their brow after hauling 20 litres of spring water to their car in the midday sun . They said they were thinking about leaving the city before April 16 . `` Can you imagine when D-Day comes ? ''
As of this week , residents are only permitted to use 50 litres of city water each per day - about enough to drink , wash a sink of dishes , take a two-minute shower and flush the toilet once , according to city data .
Whether they meet that target , and potentially avoid Day Zero , remains to be seen . Only 55 per cent of city residents were meeting the previous 87-litre requirement .
At home , Capetonians have been forced to get creative . Baths are out . Hand sanitiser is in . Residents take brief showers over buckets every few days , and use the water to flush their toilets . Sales for products such as dry shampoo and wet wipes are up , and tanks for collecting rainwater are increasingly hard to come by .
A black market for water has predictably sprung up , and legitimate businesses are also experiencing a boom as desperate residents seek new ways to survive .
In the Stonehurst Mountain Estate , an upmarket housing development , Trevor Hennings has installed more than a dozen boreholes that tap into the aquifer beneath the city for residents who want to go off the grid at the hefty price of up to 250,000 rand ( $ 28,000 ) .
`` There 's blind panic now , '' said Hennings , owner of Drillco . In a normal year , Hennings says they have 10 or 20 clients on their waiting list for boreholes . Now they have about 6700 .
`` I 've done whole suburbs . I 've drilled Cape Town like Swiss cheese . ''
But for people who make a living off tourism , the water crisis poses a serious threat . Cape Town attracts millions of visitors a year , and tourism accounts for more than 7 per cent of the city 's gross domestic product and tens of thousands of jobs .
`` From a guest-experience perspective , not being able to flush a lavatory is a disaster , '' said Alison McKie , group commercial manager for the Petousis Hotel Group .
May 3 Kenon Holdings Ltd
* Kenon announces Energuate 's issuance of $ 330 million senior notes and entry into $ 120 million loan
* Kenon Holdings Ltd - notes accrue interest at a rate of 5.875 % and will be payable semi-annually , with final maturity occurring in May 2027
* Kenon Holdings Ltd - proceeds of notes and loan were used to repay in full certain energuate indebtedness
* Kenon Holdings Ltd - proceeds will be used to repay IC Power 's $ 120 million ICPDH credit agreement Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
ATHENS May 2 Greece and its foreign creditors reached a deal early on Tuesday on a package of bailout-mandated reforms , Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos said , paving the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds .
The deal , which includes labour and energy reforms as well as pension cuts and tax rises , marks a milestone in talks between the two sides which began last October as part of Greece 's latest bailout review and were expected to have been concluded late last year .
`` There was white smoke , '' Tsakalotos told reporters . `` The negotiations for a technical deal were concluded on all issues ... the way has now been paved for debt relief talks . ''
( Reporting by Renee Maltezou ; Writing by Karolina Tagaris )
France-Uruguay pits speed vs. defense in World Cup quarters
hello
Uruguay 's Luis Suarez , left , and Diego Godin celebrate after the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi , Russia , Saturday , June 30 , 2018 . Associated Press
France 's Kylian Mbappe , left celebrates with teammate France 's Antoine Griezmann after scoring the opening goal of the game during the group C match between France and Peru at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Yekaterinburg Arena in Yekaterinburg , Russia , Thursday , June 21 , 2018 . Associated Press
NIZHNY NOVGOROD , Russia -- France picked up two trophies in 1998 : One , of course , was the country 's only World Cup title , won on home soil . It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe , the 19-year-old who 's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup .
`` Well , that was a good year for them to be born , even if they did n't see much of the 1998 World Cup , '' joked French coach Didier Deschamps , who was the captain in '98 . `` I 'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen . ''
? It will be France 's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay 's defense anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals . The winner will face Brazil or Belgium .
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches , and France has scored seven - most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16 .
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice ( including a hat trick against France ) in 1958 .
It 's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away .
`` It 's flattering to be the second one since Pele , '' said Mbappe , born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria . `` But let 's put things in perspective . Pele 's another category . ''
This is France 's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps , Patrick Vieira , Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry - the so-called `` Rainbow Team '' from a multicultural France .
`` In a World Cup you have the top-level players , '' said Mbappe , who plays for Paris Saint-Germain . `` So it 's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are . There is no better place than a World Cup . ''
After three lackluster games in group play , France was electric in its most recent match , particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina 's plodding defense . Five of France 's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup , including Mbappe .
`` You need some patience , '' Deschamps said .
Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru , which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe .
They termed Uruguay `` solid and aggressive '' in a French television interview , adding : `` These are not qualities displayed by Argentina . ''
The match will showcase several cross-border friendships .
Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where their teammates are Uruguayan defenders Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez . Godin is the godfather of Griezmann 's daughter .
While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann , Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti .
`` I 've always joked ... that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup , '' Suarez said . `` And it came true . ''
Suarez 's running mate , Edinson Cavani , scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury , and it ' unclear if they will play .
Their absence would be a blow to the South Americans , but defense is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball .
`` I think very often there 's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities , '' said Tabarez , who took over in 2006 .
`` If you do n't have ball possession , you can still inflict pain . ''
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne , Australia - 23/03/2017 Sauber driver Pascal Wehrlein of Germany poses during the driver portrait session at the first race of the year . REUTERS/Brandon Malone
MANAMA Sauber 's Pascal Wehrlein hit out at their critics on Thursday after detailing the serious nature of the back injury that sidelined them from the first two races of the Formula One season .
The 22-year-old German told reporters at the Bahrain Grand Prix , where they have been cleared to compete , that they had suffered three fractured thoracic vertebrae in a crash at the Race of Champions in Miami in January .
Wehrlein was immobilised for about four weeks afterwards , losing fitness at a key point in their pre-season preparations .
They never did more than 10 laps at a time in Barcelona testing in March , doing only half days at a time , and arrived in Australia with about a week and half of serious training under their belt .
Although they took part in practice in Australia ahead of the opening race , Wehrlein was replaced in Melbourne and China by Ferrari 's Italian reserve Antonio Giovinazzi .
Some commentators and former drivers questioned their withdrawal , arguing that they would have raced through the pain barrier rather than risk losing their place on the grid .
`` If it was just muscle pain , do you think Sauber and Mercedes would accept for me not to drive , '' Wehrlein said when asked about the comments .
`` I do n't care too much what the others say because they did n't know my situation and were commenting on it ... if you do n't know what injury someone had , you should n't criticise him .
`` One broken bone is not something that is very easy to catch up in one and a half weeks and I had three broken vertebrae , '' they added .
Wehrlein , who raced for now-defunct Manor last year and has a Mercedes contract , said they had no worries about their debut for the team on Sunday , in a race which will subject drivers to extreme G-forces in sweltering conditions .
`` Medical-wise everything is good . It 's just the muscles around , they went away if you ca n't do sport for a few weeks . But they are rebuilding quite quickly , '' they said .
`` I think I will be fine in the car , no pain . The track is also quite flat , not many bumps . ''
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Susan Fenton )
Italian Industry Minister Carlo Calenda gestures as they talk during an interview with Reuters in their office in Rome , Italy November 25 , 2016 . REUTERS/Tony Gentile
ROME Trade disputes between the United States and Europe would hurt economic growth and global governance at a time when the West needs to show a unified front against unfair trade practices , Italy 's industry minister said on Friday .
`` Any trade clash between the United States and Europe would be dangerous not only for our economies , but also for the rules that govern globalisation , '' Industry Minister Carlo Calenda told reporters in Rome .
Calenda said Western countries should refrain from trade disputes `` that would symbolically show a division at a moment when the Western world should be unified in protecting its citizens from unfair trade practices '' .
Their general comments on trade came after the U.S. Department of Commerce ruled on Thursday that foreign producers , including in Italy and Germany , had dumped certain types of steel on the U.S. market , opening the way for duties to be imposed .
Italy has yet to comment specifically , but Germany said the European Union should consider filing a complaint at the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
Emma Marcegaglia , head of the family-controlled Marcegaglia steel group that was cited by the U.S. Commerce Department , strongly rejected the idea of new border taxes .
`` A border tax would be a declaration of trade war that should be brought before the WTO , and when you start a war you do n't know where you will end up , '' they said .
A media report on Thursday said the United States was also considering tariffs on several products in response to the EU 's ban on American beef from hormone-treated cattle .
Italy is hosting a Group of Seven summits in May in Sicily - the first involving U.S. President Donald Trump , who has pledged to fight trade practices that they say hurt American workers .
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni has said major powers should reject `` the temptation of protectionism '' at the meeting , which also includes the leaders of Germany , France , Britain , Japan and Canada .
On Friday , Gentiloni told Italian business leaders and industrialists that free trade was `` the biggest growth engine in history '' .
`` The alliance between the world 's major economies will be decisive in tackling the global challenges of trust and economic freedom , '' Gentiloni said .
( Reporting by Antonella Cinelli , writing by Steve Scherer ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County return to Championship action when they take on Brentford at Pride Park this weekend .
The Rams go into the game on the back of a goalless draw away at Millwall on Tuesday night .
Substitute Ikechi Anya appeared to have earned all three points for Gary Rowett 's side with a late winner , only for it to be ruled offside .
Derby sits in second place in the Championship table and are on a ten-game unbeaten run in the league , and have lost only two of their last
In contrast , Brentford are currently 11th in the league table and go into the match at Pride Park on the back of a 1-0 defeat at home to Norwich City .
The last time the Rams faces the Bees was in September when the match ended in a 1-1 draw .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
Midfielder Joe Ledley opened the scoring in what was their debut for the club , and Ollie Watkins equalised for Dean Smith 's side four minutes from time .
Ahead of the latest clash between these two sides , Sky Sports pundit and former Nottingham Forest midfielder David Prutton has predicted a 2-1 win for the Rams , but expects the game to be a close encounter .
Prutton said : `` Derby are still in second but they 've drawn a few too many games lately and have a few teams right on their coat-tails again , with Aston Villa , Cardiff and Bristol City all lurking .
`` Brentford were dealt a huge blow in their play-off bid last week as they lost at home to Norwich , and will be desperate to get back to winning ways on Saturday .
`` It will be a good game at Pride Park , but I just feel like Derby will edge it . ''
LONDON London Marathon organisers have announced plans for a mass participation half-marathon next year as part of a campaign to encourage the city 's communities to interact .
A statement on Friday said leading athletes will run with amateurs in a mass participation event across closed roads in London on March 4 .
A total of 7,500 places will be reserved for community groups from the four host boroughs in the race .
`` We are creating an event that is unique , that is fun , that people will want to come back to year after year , '' said event director Hugh Brasher . `` The Big Half is a celebration of community and life . ''
As part of the campaign , plans have also been announced for a run for younger competitors , a relay for community groups and a festival in Greenwich .
The London Marathon was co-founded by Brasher 's father Chris , in 1981 . Around 40,000 runners took part in last Sunday 's race , with an estimated 800,000 supporters lining the route .
( Reporting by Neil Robinson , editing by Mitch Phillips )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Washington was near the bottom of the Pac-12 in rebounding this season . Adding four-star center Bryan Penn-Johnson could change all that . Ted S. Warren The Associated Press
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - WITTCHEN SA :
* ROBERT JEDRZEJOWSKI RESIGNS AS CHAIRMAN OF SUPERVISORY BOARD‍​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
São Paulo , April 12 Oi SA saw complaints from phone customers fall as much as 56 percent in the first two months of 2017 , a senior executive told journalists on Wednesday , as the Brazil 's No . 4 wireless carrier tries to win back client loyalty .
Based on several metrics , complaints filed to consumer advocate agencies fell between one-third and over half between January and February from a year earlier , said Bernardo Winik , Oi 's head of retail . ( Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal )
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Montreal Masters Men 's Singles Quarterfinal matches on Friday 4-Alexander Zverev ( Germany ) beat Kevin Anderson ( South Africa ) 7-5 6-4 Denis Shapovalov ( Canada ) beat Adrian Mannarino ( France ) 2-6 6-3 6-4 2-Roger Federer ( Switzerland ) beat 12-Roberto Bautista ( Spain ) 6-4 6-4 Robin Haase ( Netherlands ) beat Diego Schwartzman ( Argentina ) 4-6 6-3 6-3
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
May 2 Genworth MI Canada Inc , Canada 's largest private residential mortgage insurer , reported a 20.5 percent rise in quarterly profit , as it earned higher premiums and had lower losses on claims .
The loss on claims fell to C $ 26 million ( $ 18.97 million ) in the first quarter , down from C $ 37 million , a year earlier .
`` While our loss ratio was low in the quarter , it comes on the back of strong macroeconomic tailwinds and particularly robust housing markets . We recognize that the current pace of loss development is likely to normalize as housing markets gradually respond to government actions and market forces , '' the company said in a statement .
A cooling in Canada 's housing market was partially triggered by a funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc , as depositors pulled more money out of its high-interest savings accounts .
Genworth 's net income rose to C $ 106 million , or C $ 1.15 per share , in the quarter compared with C $ 88 million , or 96 Canadian cents per share , a year earlier .
Genworth MI Canada 's investment portfolio had a market value of C $ 6.3 billion at the end of the quarter . ( $ 1 = 1.3704 Canadian dollars ) ( Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Contact
Les Loggins Marketing
* * * @ gmail.com Les Loggins Marketing
End
-- A Dog-Gone good time was had by all last Saturday when the Tapestry Park Starbucks hosted the Rotary Club of South Jacksonville 's puppy event to raise funds and supplies for the Jacksonville Humane Society.Rotary club member Meredith Porter and their dog Sprout headed up the event that featured `` puppacinos '' for the dogs , donated by Starbucks . The canines got along well and there were no `` accidents . `` Plus , people going through the drive-through enjoyed the impromptu `` dog show . `` The fundraiser is part of a month-long effort to raise money and various supplies for the local Humane Society . The Rotary Club is involved in many fundraisers throughout the year , including providing scholarship funds for an oratory competition among over 45 high schools in Northeast Florida ; funding for packaged dinners to third world countries ; and financial support for Rotary International 's campaign to end Polio throughout the world.The Rotary Club of South Jacksonville meets every Tuesday at River City Brewing restaurant in downtown Jacksonville . To find out more about events scheduled for the Rotary club , go to SouthJaxRotary.org.-30-
April 5 Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc - announced an unexpected delay in initiation of CTP-543 phase 2a trial for alopecia areata
* Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc - concert is investigating issue and is working to remedy situation
* Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc - expects to initiate and enroll trial in 2017 with topline data expected in Q1 of 2018
* Concert Pharmaceuticals - delay in initiation of CTP-543 phase 2a trial for alopecia areata due to a late emerging clinical tablet appearance issue Source text for Eikon : ( bit.ly/2oCuCfv ) Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BILBAO , Spain , April 5 ( Reuters ) - -
Basque political parties said on Wednesday they hoped a pledge by militant separatist group ETA to disarm this weekend would draw a line under a decades-long campaign that killed more than 800 people across Spain .
ETA called an end to its bid to establish an independent Basque state in northern Spain and southern France in 2011 but has only handed in part of its arsenal so far .
Politicians from a broad spectrum of parties , including pro-independence and national ones , gathered in the port city of Bilbao on the Basque coast to urge action on ETA 's pledge to hand over all its weapons .
`` We call on ETA to complete as soon as possible a single act of unilateral , complete , definitive and verified disarmament , '' Basque Socialist Party representative Rafaela Romero told a news conference .
ETA 's disarmament could effectively end Western Europe 's last insurgency but it was unclear how it would be organized and if it would be formally accepted .
News that the disarmament would take place on April 8 in Bayonne , France , first came when pro-Basque independence environmental group Bizi told Le Monde newspaper it had been given responsibility for the handover .
Romero said the process should not be conditioned by politics but asked for support from the Spanish and French governments , an international monitoring group , public institutions and civil society .
The Basque parliament is due to vote on Thursday on the proposals .
`` We want to give credibility to the announcement , expressed under those conditions . We hope it is successfully completed , '' Romero said .
The Spanish and French governments have repeatedly rebuffed overtures from ETA to negotiate , refusing to talk unless the group hands over its arsenal .
Madrid has said it will give nothing in exchange for ETA 's disarmament and resisted lobbying to move ETA operatives in Spanish prisons to facilities closer to the Basque Country .
The French Interior Ministry has said there could be no negotiation over the terms of a weapons handover .
BOMBINGS , KILLINGS
The campaign by ETA ( Euskadi Ta Askatasuna - Basque Country and Freedom ) began in the 1950s during the dictatorship of General Francisco Franco , who repressed the Basques politically and culturally , and ETA for decades carried out bombings and assassinations .
Following the return of democracy in Spain , the Basque region gained more autonomy , while its violent tactics also caused public support to wane .
ETA has been severely weakened in recent years by the arrests of hundreds of its members , including its leader , and police seizures of several weapons stashes .
The Popular Party ( PP ) of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was the only major party not to attend the event in Bilbao .
A PP spokesperson said the party had not been invited but would not have gone if it had been asked .
Amaya Fernandez , PP regional secretary general , told a news conference in the Basque city of Vitoria that the planned disarmament was a way for ETA to `` wash away its past and put pressure on democratic governments in Spain and France '' .
Arnaldo Otegi , leader of far-left Basque pro-independence party EH Bildu , traditionally close to ETA , chided the PP for its resistance .
`` In spite of everything they say , ETA 's armed violence disappeared many years ago , '' Otegi said . `` As ever , the PP is not in touch with the reality of the country . ''
( Additional reporting by Inmaculada Sanz ; Writing by Isla Binnie ; Editing by Julien Toyer and Angus MacSwan )
March 31 UTI Group :
* FY net income group share 0.7 million euros ( $ 747,670 ) versus 0.4 million euros year ago
* FY recurring operating income 1.4 million euros versus 0.9 million euros year ago
* FY revenue 28.7 million euros versus 28.7 million euros year ago
* In 2017 , UTI Group anticipates a wait-and-see attitude among clients due to upcoming political events
* In 2017 the group aims to maintain its level of activity and will continue its efforts to improve its profitability Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9362 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( Adds details )
By Ingrid Melander , Simon Carraud and Johnny Cotton
PARIS May 2 Far-right presidential challenger Marine Le Pen said capital controls could be used if they won the election and there was a run on banks as they negotiated France 's exit from the European Union , but stressed they were unlikely to be needed .
In an interview with Reuters ahead of Sunday 's decisive second round , Le Pen reaffirmed they wanted to take France out of the euro and said they hoped the French people would have a national currency in their pockets within two years .
Le Pen said they wanted to replace the EU single currency with another , looser type of cooperation in the form of the ECU basket of currencies that preceded the euro . That would exist alongside a national currency .
`` The objective is to transform the euro 'single currency ' into a euro 'common currency ' , going back to the ancestor of the euro , the ECU , which was an accounting unit that did not stop each country from having each its own currency , '' Le Pen said .
Calling the euro a deadweight on the French economy , the National Front candidate said a new national currency would better protect French people 's savings . They accused the `` establishment '' of wanting to `` frighten '' voters into thinking otherwise .
`` I am convinced there wo n't be any banking crisis , '' Le Pen said when asked if French negotiations to quit the EU could trigger a run on French banks .
Asked if they would impose capital controls if savers nevertheless did rush to take their money out of banks , they said : `` If there 's a run on banks , we could very well imagine such a solution for a few days , but I 'm telling you it wo n't happen . ''
EU REFERENDUM
Le Pen said they would launch negotiations over reforms of the EU immediately after winning , saying this would allow France to regain national sovereignty . The talks would include ditching the euro as well as regaining control of France 's borders and being able to decide French legislation alone , they said .
Those negotiations could last six to eight months , they said , after which France would hold a referendum on its EU membership .
If they were happy with the outcome of the negotiations they would recommend staying inside the bloc , they said . If not , they would urge voters to support France 's exit , following Britain 's example after its referendum last summer .
Le Pen said their first trip abroad would be to Brussels , headquarters of the EU , where they would inform leaders of EU member states of France 's intentions .
The European Commission , the bloc 's executive arm , would not be welcome at that meeting , they added .
Asked what they would say to German Chancellor Angela Merkel at their first meeting , Le Pen said : `` France will now stand up for the interests of France . '' ( Editing by Richard Lough )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Brighter Ab ( Publ ) :
* BRIGHTER AB - THE EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE HAS GRANTED BRIGHTER 'S PATENT APPLICATION . Source text : cisn.co/2DUhQx8 Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 5 Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Finch Therapeutics and Takeda announce global collaboration to develop microbiome therapeutics in inflammatory bowel disease ( ibd )
* Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd says under terms of agreement , Takeda will make an upfront payment of $ 10 million to Finch
* Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd says further details of agreement were not disclosed
* Takeda Pharmaceutical - Finch will be eligible for development , regulatory , commercial financial milestones & tiered royalties on worldwide net sales Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
WEINHEIM , Germany , April 5 Germany 's Freudenberg may revive plans to float its automotive vibration control technology unit Vibracoustic on the stock exchange , its chief executive said on Wednesday .
`` We will make a decision on a flotation by the end of the year , '' Mohsen Sohi told journalists at a news conference .
They added automotive supplier Freudenberg would remain an anchor investor in Vibracoustic after a possible initial public offering ( IPO ) .
Privately held Freudenberg last year bought the 50 percent in Vibracoustic it did not yet own from joint venture partner Trelleborg in a deal valuing the unit at 1.8 billion euros ( $ 1.9 billion ) , including debt .
Freudenberg and Trelleborg had at one point started preparations for an IPO of Vibracoustic but then put them on ice due to market volatility .
( $ 1 = 0.9368 euros ) ( Reporting by Ilona Wissenbach ; Writing by Maria Sheahan ; Editing by Edward Taylor )
A TV monitor showing U.S. President Donald Trump is seen through national flags of the U.S. and Japan at a foreign exchange trading company in Tokyo , Japan February 1 , 2017 . Picture taken February 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
TOKYO The United States is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan , a person involved in the talks told Reuters on Thursday , an unwelcome development for Tokyo , which is seeking to fend off U.S. pressure to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance .
Japan wants to keep the bilateral dialogue , to be led by Vice President Mike Pence and Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and starting next Tuesday , focused on economic policy , energy , infrastructure investment and the rules of trade .
But Washington said last week it wanted to talk about bilateral trade issues , including farm products , at the economic dialogue , the source said . Japan rejected the idea but said it could accept such talks outside of the dialogue , they said .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will also visit Tokyo next week and the Japanese embassy spokesperson in Washington said Ross would hold separate talks with their Japanese counterpart , Trade Minister Hiroshige Seko .
U.S. President Donald Trump has said they favor bilateral free trade agreements over multilateral frameworks , and has vowed to take action to narrow the country 's big trade deficits with nations like China , Germany and Japan .
Japan wants to avoid kicking off bilateral FTA talks for fear of being pressured into opening up highly protected areas like agriculture .
Japanese embassy spokesperson Tamaki Tsukada told reporters in Washington the Trump administration had yet to officially propose pursuing an FTA with Japan and that Tokyo would welcome any clarification by Pence of U.S. intentions .
However , they stressed that the Tokyo talks would be `` a first step '' in developing a partnership with the new U.S. administration .
Tsukada said it was possible there would be discussion of the bankruptcy of Toshiba Corp 's U.S. unit Westinghouse Electric Co in the Ross-Seko meeting .
A U.S. official told Reuters this month the Trump administration and Japan were in discussions to ensure that the bankruptcy does not lead to U.S. technology secrets and infrastructure falling into Chinese hands .
Japanese government officials say that should Japan come under fire for its trade gap , it is prepared to argue that its share of the U.S. trade deficit is much smaller than in the 1980s and 1990s , when it was harshly criticized by Washington .
Tsukada said the Japanese side would stress the contribution to the U.S. economy and jobs of Japanese investment in the United States .
Tokyo has been wary of Trump 's complaints that Japan and other countries block market access to U.S. companies and artificially weaken their currencies to boost exports .
Japanese officials said thorny trade issues could eventually be discussed in the dialogue , but that next week 's first round of talks would be mostly spent agreeing on a broad list of agendas .
`` We need to agree on a viable agenda for the dialogue and to some extent , a reasonable time frame for follow-up . That is the starting point of dialogue . Tangible results should come later , '' said one government source , at the same time acknowledging that Trump could be in more of a hurry for tangible results .
Another Japanese government official said rising geo-political tensions over North Korea may mean Washington will avoid being too confrontational with Japan on trade .
`` With the situation over North Korea unstable , it 's not a good idea for any Japan-U.S. tensions ( on trade ) to surface , '' said the official . `` For the United States , defense is probably a higher priority than trade now . ''
The embassy spokesperson , Tsukada , said North Korea was likely to be discussed during a working lunch between Pence and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .
( Additional reporting by Tokyo policy team , Writing by William Mallard and Leika Kihara ; Editing by James Dalgleish and Dan Grebler )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LONDON Two dazzling pink and blue pear-shaped diamonds are together expected to fetch close to $ 70 million when they go under the hammer next month .
Sotheby 's said the Apollo and Artemis stones are `` by far the most important pair of earrings ever offered at auction '' . They will be offered to buyers separately at the auction house 's May 16 Magnificent Jewels and Noble Jewels sale in Geneva .
The 14.54 carat Apollo Blue is an `` Internally Flawless Fancy Vivid Blue '' stone with an estimated price tag of $ 38 million- $ 50 million while the Artemis Pink , a 16-carat `` Fancy Intense Pink '' stone , is seen at around $ 12.5 million- $ 18 million .
`` I am certain there has n't been another pair of colored diamonds of this size and importance ever put into auction - certainly the highest estimated pair of earrings ever to appear at auction , '' David Bennett , worldwide chairperson of Sotheby 's International Jewelry Division , told Reuters .
`` We are selling them separately because there may well be somebody who wants them as a pair but it 's also possible somebody might want just one or the other separately . ''
Last week , a 59.60-carat pink diamond sold for a record $ 71.2 million in Hong Kong .
( Reporting By Sarah Mills ; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
A CAVE explorer assisting Thai authorities trying to rescue 12 trapped schoolboys believes `` we 'll know in the next 24 hours '' if they will live or die .
British cave expert Vern Unsworth , who lives in Thailand , said the conditions were getting worse and there was now a narrow window in which the group could escape .
`` I think we 'll know in the next 24 hours ... We 'll keep our fingers crossed - everybody needs to pray and hope for a good outcome , '' Mr Unsworth told the BBC .
The boys aged between 11 and 16 , along with their football coach , have been trapped in the flooded Tham Luang cave system for 12 days .
But heavy monsoon rain is coming , and Mr Unsworth said rain that had already fallen had caused a dramatic rise in water levels in the cave .
`` The main thing is to try to get the children to safety . We have to keep hoping . The water levels are rising , we had a lot of rain overnight . ''
They said the temperature of the water was cold , although the air temperature was n't an issue .
The challenge ahead of the group is enormous - none of them are divers and some ca n't even swim .
They have also been weak after spending days without food , but are gaining in strength after being given high-protein drinks .
Authorities insist they wo n't begin the rescue mission that has gripped the whole world until it was safe to do so . It will be dawn there at about 8.30am AEST .
`` We have to be 100 per cent confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate , '' Narongsak Osottanakorn , Chiang Rai provincial governor , told reporters .
`` We will take care of them like they are our own children , '' they said .
The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus , they added , but from the safety of the muddy bank which for now remains their sanctuary .
Getting out of the cave wo n't be easy .
It will require diving of about a kilometre which could not be completed all at once . In total , it was expected to take three hours .
Another British expert , Gary Mitchell , described the challenging conditions . `` There 's air pockets along the way , '' they told the Associated Press .
`` It 's confined spaces . It 's almost zero visibility . There are currents to battle against in places as well . So it 's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in . ''
Doctors and nurses were seen moving up to the entrance of the flooded cave last night , fuelling speculation that an attempt was imminent .
Medical staff were filmed leaving the staging area further down the slope and were on the move to the mouth of the cave as reports emerged the rescue mission could begin as soon as this morning .
Doctors and nurses are making their way from the staging area up towards the mouth of the cave where 12 boys and their soccer coach remain trapped @ 9NewsSyd pic.twitter.com/gkKN1qE6MU — Alice Monfries ( @ alicemonfries ) July 4 , 2018
DIVE LESSONS
Classmates and friends of the schoolboys also reportedly were near the cave 's entrance singing songs of support . After a day of sustained pumping efforts , water levels inside the massive cave complex have ben reduced and fierce currents have eased , The Australian reports .
However , that was before the rain that lashed the area yesterday afternoon .
The newspaper reports it has been told that fast-water currents inside the cave have eased to a standstill and with monsoonal rains expected to resume by Friday , conditions for the rescue are as good as they are likely to get .
Royal Thai Navy SEALs have been teaching the boys and their coach - none of whom can swim - how to breathe in a full face scuba mask .
But officials have warned not all of the 12 schoolboys , and their coach , may be able to come out of the cave at the same time .
Chiang Rai provincial governor Narongsak Osatanakorn said yesterday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time '' .
`` If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 per cent , they can come out , '' they said .
Thai authorities have been working with Navy SEALs to run a fibre optic internet line into the flooded cave so that phone calls can be made in and out .
NEW VIDEO OF LAUGHING BOYS
Despite the imminent danger , the children have appeared in a new video , laughing as they greet the camera to say they are in good health .
The footage , published by the Thai Navy SEAL Facebook page , runs by 11 of the 13 members of the team , each makes a traditional Thai greeting gesture to the camera before introducing themselves by nickname and saying `` I 'm in good health '' .
Some appeared to be wearing a change of clothes since they were found late Monday and most were wrapped in foil warming blankets .
The 12 schoolboys in baggy football kits and their coach were discovered yesterday to jubilant celebrations , but it was warned that the rescue operation to guide them through the cave 's 2km system could take up to four months .
The reason the boys entered the cave , according to a Dutch diver working in Thailand , was to write their names on the wall as part of an initiation ritual .
With heavy rains forecast to worsen flooding in a cave in northern Thailand where 12 boys and their soccer coach are waiting to be extracted by rescuers , authorities say they might be forced to have them swim out through a narrow passage .
Sky News reported that Dutch diver Ben Reymenants , who runs a diving school in Phuket , had made contact with the boys .
They said when the boys ventured into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave complex to write their names on the walls , a flash flood trapped them .
`` They left their backpacks and their shoes before wading in there , trying to go to the end of the tunnel like an initiation for local young boys , '' they said .
RESCUE OPTIONS
The Interior Minister Anupong Paojinda said evacuating the boys `` must speed up '' as soon as possible before more rain falls and exacerbates the flooding .
The grim forecast could force authorities to have the children - who can not swim - out through a narrow , underwater passage in the cave .
`` If something happens midway , it could be life-threatening . '' Mr Paojinda said .
`` Diving is not easy . For people who have never done it , it will be difficult , unlike diving in a swimming pool , because the cave 's features have small channels . ''
There are a couple of other options on the table if that does n't work and the heavy rains subside .
Australian Federal Police help in the rescue mission .
Authorities are considering digging them out of the cave , but if this goes wrong it could cause the cavern where the team has taken refuge to cave in .
Rescuers could potentially drain the caves enough to allow the boys to wade or float out with life vests .
The final option is to leave them in there for three or four months until the rains subside is also being considered .
The group of 13 , who disappeared when flooding trapped them in the cave they were exploring on June 23 after a soccer game , were found by rescue divers late Monday night in the cavern in northern Chiang Rai province during a desperate search .
The effort drew international help and has riveted Thailand .
The aunt of coach Ekapol Chantawong shows a picture of the 25-year-old and their grandmother .
Detective Superintendent Thomas Hester said the team of six divers from the Australian Federal Police faced `` incredibly challenging '' conditions .
Rescuers have asked for 15 small and extra small full face masks , leading to speculation that divers were preparing a rescue mission through the 750-metre flooded stretch of the Tham Luang Nang Non cave .
Media have been told it was too dangerous to use conventional breathing apparatus as it could easily be knocked out during the dive .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach were described as healthy and being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave .
They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
It has been revealed that the boys visited the cave to attempt a local initiation rite in which they had to scrawl their names on a wall at the end of the tunnel .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , it 's clear that some areas of the sprawling cavern can not be drained , said Mr Paojinda , a member of Thailand 's ruling military junta .
In order to get them out ahead of the bad weather forecast for later in the week , they might need to use diving gear while being guided by professional divers , they said .
Mr Anupong said the boys would be brought out via the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered , and they conceded that if something went awry , it could be disastrous .
Yesterday , a video released by the Thai navy showed the boys in their soccer uniforms sitting in a dry area inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave above the water as a light held by a rescuer was shone on their faces .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safer to simply supply them where they are for now , rather than trying to have the boys dive out . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring them out , since they 're safe where they are . A doctor and a nurse were with them in the cave .
`` We have given the boys food , starting from easily digested and high-powered food with enough minerals , '' Arpakorn told a news conference .
Having them dive out of the cave was one of several options being considered , `` but if we are using this plan , we have to be certain that it will work and have to have a drill to make sure that it 's 100 per cent safe , '' they said .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said the health of the boys and coach were checked using a field assessment in which red is critical condition , yellow is serious and green is stable .
`` We found that most of the boys are in green condition , '' they said .
`` Maybe some of the boys have injuries or light injuries and would be categorised as yellow condition . But no one is in red condition . ''
Relatives keeping vigil at the mouth of the cave since the ordeal began rejoiced at the news that their boys and their coach had been found .
`` I want to give them a hug . I miss them very much , '' said Tham Chanthawong , an aunt of the coach .
`` In these 10 days , how many million seconds have there been ? I 've missed them every second . ''
Video footage shows the boys trapped in the cave . The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus .
BOYS FOUND ALIVE
Rick Stanton and John Volanthen , two expert cave divers from Britain , found the group about 300-400 metres past a section of the cave on higher ground that was believed to be where they might have taken shelter .
In the 5-minute navy video , the boys were seen wearing their soccer uniforms and were calm , curious and polite .
They also were keen to get some food . After an initial exchange in which a rescuer determines that all 13 are present , one of the boys asked what day it was , and a rescuer replied : `` Monday . Monday . You have been here - 10 days . ''
The rescuer told them `` you are very strong . ''
The traditional reserve of Thai children toward adults broke slightly after a while , and one boy told another in Thai , `` Tell them we are hungry . ''
`` We have n't eaten , '' a boy said in Thai , then in English : `` We have to eat , eat , eat ! ''
A rescuer assured them that `` navy SEALs will come tomorrow , with food and doctors and everything . '' At the end of the video , a boy asked in English , `` Where do you come from ? ''
The rescue diver replied , `` England , UK . ''
Rescuer workers prepare to deliver small diving masks to the boys .
Besides the protein drink , Narongsak said they were given painkillers and antibiotics , which doctors had advised as a precaution .
They said officials had met and agreed on the need to `` ensure 100 per cent safety for the boys when we bring them out . ''
`` We worked so hard to find them and we will not lose them , '' they said .
Cave diver Ben Reymenants , part of the team assisting the rescue effort , told NBC 's `` Today '' show that they were `` very surprised obviously that they are all alive and actually mentally also healthy . ''
While they appear responsive , `` they are very weak and very skinny , '' they added .
Reymenants said the easiest option would be to `` keep pumping the water out of the cave . They need another 3 or 4 feet so they can literally float them out with life jackets . ''
`` But time is not on their side , '' they noted , because of the heavy rain forecast .
They added that two Thai navy doctors have volunteered to stay with them for months , if needed .
The British Cave Rescue Council , which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that `` although water levels have dropped , the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering . ''
Joining the British are other experts from around the world and teams from the U.S. , Australia , China and elsewhere .
Authorities said efforts would continue outside the cave , where teams have been scouring the mountainside for other entrances to the caverns . Several fissures have been found and teams have explored some , although so far , none lead to the trapped boys . - with wires
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Over the New Year period I was heartened to see the news that Rams full-back Craig Forsyth had signed a new contract keeping them at Pride Park until 2020 .
Over the past few seasons Craig has had terrible luck with injuries - and a new deal is just rewarded for the effort they have put in both on and off the field .
The name Forsyth and the full-back position goes back a long way at Derby .
Seeing Craig playing for the Rams with Forsyth on the back of their jersey always reminds me of their namesake from the 1980s and 1990s - a certain Michael Forsyth .
Brucey , as they were known to Ram fans , was one of a string of excellent signings made by Arthur Cox as they strove to get Derby County back into the top flight .
Former Derby County manager Arthur Cox made a huge mistake when they sold Paul Goddard
Cox signed the young full-back from West Bromwich Albion , where they had started their career as an apprentice .
They joined Derby County in March , 1986 , for the absolute bargain price of just £26,000 . It was to be some of the best money ever spent by the Derby manager . That 's because Forsyth would go on to play more than 400 games for the Rams .
When Cox signed them they were quoted as saying : “ He is one we feel has the capacity to be an asset for the club. ” They were right .
After playing in central defence , Forsyth slotted into the left-back role created by the departure of Steve Buckley .
They helped Derby achieve promotion back to the First Division - and their totally-committed style of play earned them favour with Rams fans who voted them Player of the Year in the 1987/88 season .
They also went on to play for the England Under-21s and the England B side .
And despite relegation in 1991 , Forsyth stayed loyal and joined in the fight to get Derby back into the top flight .
Sadly , the Rams did n't manage to do so when they were at the club - but came agonisingly close .
They were part of the team that was beaten by Leicester City in the play-off showdown at Wembley in 1994 .
It was their second appearance at Wembley having captained the side which lost to Cremonese in the Anglo-Italian Cup final the previous season .
In 1995 , their Derby County career came to a close . They moved to Notts County and then Wycombe Wanderers before spells at Burton Albion and Gresley Rovers .
For me , Forsyth can rightly be hailed as one of Derby County 's greatest servants .
They were brave in the challenge - hence a certain fans chant which I can not repeat here but hailed their commitment to the cause .
In terms of memorable goals , there is one in particular that Brucey scored which is still lodged in the old noddlebox . It was against Liverpool - the city in which Forsyth was born .
During the 1987/88 season Liverpool were unstoppable - they ended up winning the league by nine points .
Derby on the other hand were only interested in getting enough points to survive their first season back in the First Division .
On March 16 , 1988 , the Mighty Reds came to the Baseball Ground . I remember it was one of those atmospheric night games .
Liverpool were expected to win hands down . With the likes of Bruce Grobbelaar , Alan Hansen , John Barnes and Peter Beardsley in their starting line-up , who would have bet against them ?
When Craig Johnston netted for the Reds , some might have expected the floodgates to open . But Derby held firm - and started to fight back .
The Rams ' persistence finally paid off . Derby scored with a goal that was started and finished by Forsyth .
Picking up the ball just inside the Liverpool half , they cut inside Ray Houghton and attempted to find another Derby player .
The ball was intercepted by a Liverpool defender but it came back to Forsyth who had continued their run .
They then went past another Liverpool player before spraying the ball out wide to substitute Gary Micklewhite who delivered one of their trademark low centres into the box . Who was there to meet it ? One Michael Forsyth !
It was a brilliant goal - and I can still hear the cheer of the Baseball Ground faithful ringing in my ears .
That is how it finished . 1-1 . Derby had held the all-conquering Liverpool . It felt like a win .
Today , we have a modern-day Forsyth playing at full-back for Derby in the form of Craig Forsyth .
If they go on to achieve half the things Brucey achieved at Derby then they will be able to look back on their career with a great deal of satisfaction .
President Jacob Zuma during their State of the Nation Address ( SONA ) to a joint sitting of the National Assembly and the National Council of Provinces in Cape Town , South Africa February 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sumaya Hisham
JOHANNESBURG South Africa 's main opposition leader said on Thursday they plan to bring a motion of no confidence against President Jacob Zuma in parliament after an ally of the ruling ANC confirmed Zuma 's intention to fire Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan .
`` At a time when 9 million South Africans are without work and our fragile economy requires leadership and clear policy direction , President Zuma continues to play `` Russian Roulette '' with our economy and the future of our country , '' Mmusi Maimane , leader of the Democratic Alliance said in a statement .
( Reporting by James Macharia ; editing by John Stonestreet )
April 10 Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Syros announces FDA acceptance of IND to advance SY-1365 , its first-in-class selective CDK7 inhibitor , into phase 1 clinical trial in patients with advanced solid tumors
* Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc - company on track to initiate study in Q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 28 Enbridge Inc
* Enbridge Inc announces conclusion and outcomes of Enbridge Energy Partners L.P. strategic review
* Enbridge - board of Enbridge Energy Partners designate manager announced reduction in EEP 's quarterly distribution from US $ 0.583 to US $ 0.350 per unit Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2 CR Capital Real Estate AG :
* In financial year 2016 , the IFRS net profit for the year was up by 28 pct on the previous year at around 2.16 million euros ( $ 2.36 million )
* FY revenue up more than 95 percent at around 17.5 million euros Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9157 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Hudson Bay Capital Management LP :
* HUDSON BAY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP‍ REPORTS A 9.99 PERCENT PASSIVE STAKE IN ALTIMMUNE , INC​ AS OF DECEMBER 31 , 2017 - SEC FILING Source text for Eikon : [ bit.ly/2nwUAiB ] Further company coverage :
May 2 Ablynx Nv :
* Ablynx completes patient recruitment in its Phase III HERCULES study of caplacizumab for the treatment of acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ( aTTP )
* A total of 145 patients have been enrolled
* Data from this Phase III study will be reported in second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Beyoncé and Jay-Z 's video for the song `` Apes * * t , '' from the Carters ' surprise joint album Everything is Love , has been watched over 57 million times on Youtube since its release in June .
Now the Louvre museum , where the video was shot , features a new tour of the 17 paintings and sculptures seen in the six-minute clip , from the monumental white Greek marble Nike of Samothrace to Marie Benoist 's Portrait of a Negress .
The video is a definite celebration of the couple 's own power , with Beyoncé singing `` I ca n't believe we made it , '' while they and Jay-Z pose as icons of pop culture in front of some of the world 's most famous classical works of art . The Carters are reportedly worth more than $ 1 billion , according to CNN .
Jay-Z and Beyoncé adding color and movement to the Louvre 's Classicism
However , the power couple 's swagger is not the only aspect that 's glorified in the video ; they also use their fame to empower and celebrate African-American identity .
In the clip , a woman works on their friend 's Afro in front of the Mona Lisa , as if they were in their own living room . Black dancers take over the space of the prestigious French museum , which , like all Western art museums , has little space dedicated to non-white artists .
It is rather filled with artworks associated with Napoleonic conquests , as well as numerous colonial acquisitions in its Egyptian gallery . Marie-Guillemine Benoist 's Portrait of a Negress is one of the rare works depicting a woman with dark skin , and is just one of the symbolic works celebrated in the `` Apes * * t '' video clip .
While the Louvre 's guided tour , in French only for now , sticks to describing in detail each artwork featured in the video , the gallery above provides some clues as to their symbolism .
NEW YORK May 2 The U.S. dollar has been and will continue to be on a gentle weakening pattern , Jeffrey Gundlach , chief executive at DoubleLine Capital , said on an investor webcast late Tuesday .
Gundlach , who oversees more than $ 100 billion at Los Angeles-bsaed DoubleLine , said the dollar `` has not gone up in the past 18 months . '' ( Reporting By Jennifer Ablan )
* Demand rises as sulphur limits capped globally
* New prices to be launched from June , 2017
By Jessica Jaganathan
SINGAPORE , May 2 S & P Global Platts will launch new low-sulphur marine gasoil and diesel oil prices at several bunkering ports in Asia from June , it said in a note to subscribers on Tuesday .
This is to cater to the rising sales of the fuel sold in Singapore and as sulphur limits are expected to tighten globally in the years ahead , the company said .
While low-sulphur marine gasoil only accounts for a fraction of bunker fuel sold in the region , sales has grown substantially , Platts said .
In Singapore - Asia 's largest bunkering , or ship fuel , port - sales of the fuel have grown nearly six-fold in the last three years to hit a record of 1.14 million tonnes in 2016 , the company said .
`` The new assessments would capture the expected growth in liquidity of low-sulphur barrels in the marine fuels market across the region as sulphur limits globally are set to tighten further in the years ahead , '' Platts said in the note .
The company will launch the low-sulphur marine gasoil and low-sulphur marine diesel assessments to reflect fuels with a maximum sulphur content of 0.1 percent .
The new prices , which will be launched on June 1 , 2017 , will be published alongside existing marine gasoil and marine diesel prices , Platts said .
Platts will publish low-sulphur marine gasoil prices at Singapore , Fujairah , Hong Kong , Shanghai and South Korea and low-sulphur marine diesel prices at Tokyo Bay and West Japan . ( Reporting by Jessica Jaganathan ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
LAGOS May 2 Nigerian stocks hit a three-month high on Tuesday , lifted by company earnings results that outperformed market expectations and hopes that a new currency-trading window will help lure investors back to Africa 's biggest economy , analysts said .
The market all share index rose 0.77 percent to 25,965 points , led higher by banking and oil stocks .
In a client briefing note , Vetiva Capital noted corporate results were better than expected and said it anticipated increased demand for Nigerian stocks this week .
Dangote Cement , owned by Africa 's richest man Aliko Dangote , which accounts for a third of the market capitalisation , reported a 34 percent rise in post-tax profit , beating the market consensus .
In a boost for investors in Nigerian equities , the central bank last week allowed portfolio investors to trade the naira currency at a market-determined exchange rate and increased dollar sales on the interbank market .
After the slump in the global price of oil , Nigeria 's main export , the central bank imposed a raft of capital controls to protect its dwindling hard currency reserves . ( Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
April 13 Optimum Re Spain Socimi SA
* Says market value of its portfolio of real estate assets of 79.5 million euros ( $ 84.45 million ) at end-Dec. 2016 Source text : bit.ly/2oD699h
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9414 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
DUBAI , April 9 Saudi Arabia 's main benchmark index edged slightly higher on Sunday ahead of the start of first-quarter earnings and showed no immediate response to a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base .
Friday 's missile strike marked the strongest U.S. action in Syria 's six-year-old civil war and has increased uncertainty about the situation in the Middle East .
Saudi Arabia 's index was 0.1 percent higher after nearly an hour of trade . Saudi Telecom was among the gainers , up 0.7 percent .
Bank Alinma and Saudi Real Estate were lower than they both go ex-dividend on Sunday . Bank Alinma 's shares dropped 2.67 percent , while Saudi Real Estate 's shares were down 2.11 percent .
( Reporting By Tom Arnold . Editing by Jane Merriman )
TOKYO , April 6 Japanese government bonds were steady on Thursday , underpinned by firm U.S. Treasuries as market participants awaited the Bank of Japan purchase operations , while superlong yields edged down after a liquidity-enhancing auction .
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield was flat at 0.060 percent , while 10-year JGB futures ended up 0.1 points at 150.42 .
U.S. Treasury yields fell overnight , with three- and five-year yields touching more than five-week lows after traders viewed the latest U.S. Federal Reserve meeting minutes as indicating the central bank was maintaining a relatively dovish outlook for a gradual pace of interest rate hikes .
The Ministry of Finance offered 500 billion yen ( $ 4.53 billion ) of off-the-run 20- and 30-year JGB issues with 15 years or more left to maturity , in a regular sale aimed at enhancing liquidity conditions .
The 20-year JGB yield fell 1.5 basis points ( bp ) to 0.630 percent , while the 30-year JGB yield shed 2.5 basis points to 0.840 percent .
The 40-year yield shed 3 bps to 1.050 percent , moving away from its previous session high of 1.090 percent , which was its highest level since February 2016 .
Investors were waiting to see if the BOJ trims its purchases of longer JGBs in operations on Friday , the possibility of which bolstered market sentiment .
In its bond-buying operations on Wednesday , the central bank offered to buy only 280 billion yen of one- to three-year JGBs , which was the lowest level in almost three years , and was 20 billion yen less than its previous purchase amounts in that zone . However , it was still above the midpoint of the BOJ 's 200 billion yen to 300 billion yen buying target range .
( $ 1 = 110.5200 yen ) ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
Putin says Russia 's economic crisis is over , inflation falling
MOSCOW , June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia 's economic crisis was over and that inflation , already at a historic low , would fall further to 4 percent this year .
April 28 Mint Corp :
* Mint enters into debt restructuring agreement in principle
* Mint - entered into non-binding term sheet with gravitas financial , holders of substantially all series a debentures , all series c debentures
* Mint Corp - term sheet provides for a restructuring of debt owing to senior debentureholders
* Mint Corp - mint has announced its inability to make payments on series a , series b and series c debentures
* Mint Corp - under term sheet , debt under series a and series c debentures owed to senior debentureholders is to be replaced by $ 20 million of debt
* Mint Corp - new debt is to mature on December 31 , 2021 and bear interest at 10 % per annum
* Mint Corp - senior debentureholders will also receive 17.3 million common shares of mint , 11.7 million common share purchase warrants of mint
* Mint Corp - senior debentureholders will also receive subscription receipts to acquire 16 million common shares of mint for no additional consideration
* Mint - each warrant to be exercisable after 2 years and on or before maturity date of new debt for 1 common share of mint at exercise price of $ 0.10 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva reacts during a seminar 'Strategies for the Brazilian Economy ' , in Brasilia , Brazil April 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva reacts during a seminar 'Strategies for the Brazilian Economy ' , in Brasilia , Brazil April 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
São Paulo Brazil 's ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva remains a favourite for the 2018 presidential election , according to a poll published Sunday , despite the five separate corruption trials they face .
The Datafolha survey published in the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper showed Lula easily taking a first-round vote , winning 30 percent support from those polled . Two potential competitors were in second with 11 percent .
Current President Michel Temer - who has repeatedly said they will not run in 2018 - polled at just 2 percent .
Despite Lula 's wide margin in a first-round vote , the poll showed that in a runoff they were in a statistical tie with Marina Silva , a former senator who came in third in Brazil 's past two presidential elections , and anti-corruption federal judge Sergio Moro , who has said they would never enter politics .
Lula , founder of the Workers Party , is on trial in Moro 's court and is expected to testify for the first time on May 10 . If Lula is found guilty by Moro or in any of the four other trials they face , they would not be eligible to run for the presidency .
The poll is the first since the Supreme Court authorized an investigation into dozens of senators and federal deputies in connection with the sweeping political graft probe revolving around kickbacks at state-run oil company Petrobras .
Many analysts see voter anger over corruption opening the door for a candidate from outside Brazil 's political establishment , along with the fact nearly all expected candidates are ensnared in the corruption investigation .
That was reflected in the latest survey which captured a significant increase in the popularity of right wing , law-and-order member of congress Jair Bolsonaro , whose support rose to 15 percent in a first-round vote , compared with 4 percent in a December Datafolha survey .
The most recent poll interviewed 2,781 people across Brazil from April 26-27 . The margin of error was 2 percent .
( Reporting by Brad Brooks ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
( Adds central bank comments )
MEXICO CITY , April 12 Mexico 's central bank board members thought they had tightened borrowing costs enough to contain the risks from a slump in the peso and a hike in gasoline prices with last month 's rate hike , minutes showed on Wednesday .
Policymakers voted 5 to 0 to raise the bank 's key rate by 25 basis points to 6.50 percent at their March 30 meeting , when they raised borrowing costs for the fifth meeting in a row to a nearly 8-year high .
However , all members thought they had room to slow the pace of hikes to a 25 basis-point move from a string of half-percentage-point hikes after a big rally in the peso .
Most members believed the 325 basis points they had raised rates since late 2015 was `` an appropriate posture to face the shocks that have been seen so far , '' the minutes said .
The Banco de Mexico raised rates in late March after the U.S. Federal Reserve increased borrowing costs by a quarter-percentage point .
One member thought that Mexico may not even need to hike again when the Fed next moves but another member thought Mexico may need to hike more later this year .
Mexico 's annual inflation rate in March rose above 5 percent to its highest in more than seven-and-a-half years , but minutes showed most policymakers thought the rate should trend back toward their 3-percent target by the end of next year .
Mexico had hiked interest rates to contain inflation after the peso tumbled to successive historic lows .
But the peso has rallied back on bets that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose big tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States , and as initial trade talks have taken a more positive tone .
All members agreed that market conditions around the peso had `` improved greatly . '' ( Reporting by Michael O'Boyle and Gabriel Startgardter ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
South Korea 's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS , June 15 South Korea 's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F ' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel , said Fleur Pellerin , founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital .
OSLO , May 2 ( Reuters ) -
* * NTS ASA says its subsidiary Midt-Norsk Havbruk has been awarded four salmon development licenses where its `` Aquatraz '' concept will be used
* * In total Midt-Norsk Havbruk had applied for eight development licenses but four were rejected by the Norwegian Directorate of Fisheries
* * NTS agreed to buy Midt-Norsk Havbruk on April 19
* * In the deal it was agreed that NTS should pay 50 million Norwegian crowns ( $ 5.81 million ) per awarded development license
* * NTS has not decided if it will appeal the rejection of four licenses
* * Each licence could contain a maximum of 780 tonnes of biomass ( salmon ) ( $ 1 = 8.6017 Norwegian crowns ) ( Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord , editing by Terje Solsvik )
( Reuters Health ) - A growing number of younger U.S. adults are being hospitalized for strokes , and a new study suggests that 's at least in part because more of them have risk factors like high blood pressure , obesity and diabetes .
The most common type of stroke , known as an ischemic stroke , occurs when a clot blocks an artery carrying blood to the brain . When researchers examined hospital billing data on acute ischemic stroke hospitalizations for adults under age 65 from 2003 to 2012 , they found the biggest surge in stroke rates for adults aged 35 to 44 .
During the study period , stroke hospitalizations in that age group rose 42 percent for men and 30 percent for women , researchers report in JAMA Neurology .
The proportion of people with at least three of the five major risk factors for stroke - high blood pressure , diabetes , high cholesterol , obesity and smoking - rose in all age groups but soared the most , almost doubling , in adults aged 35 to 44 .
`` The high and rising rates of stroke risk factors among young adults is concerning and likely contributing to the increase in stroke hospitalizations over time , '' said lead study author Dr. Mary George of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta .
`` Our results stress the importance of prevention of stroke risk factors in younger adults , '' George said by email .
Older people in the study , aged 55 to 64 , had more strokes and were also more likely to have at least three risk factors than younger adults , the study also found .
By the end of the study period , about 47 percent of men and 48 percent of women aged 55 to 65 hospitalized for stroke during the study had at least three risk factors . That compares to 35 percent of men and 32 percent of women aged 35 to 44 .
In that younger age group , 66 percent of men and 57 percent of women had high blood pressure by the end of the study , about 48 percent of men and 38 percent of women had so-called lipid disorders like high cholesterol , and 42 percent of men and 36 percent of women smoked .
One limitation of the study is that researchers were n't able to examine the severity or cause of stroke , the authors note . They also lacked data on some risk factors that can influence the odds of stroke like family history or use of estrogen-based medications .
It 's also possible that the surge in strokes among younger adults might be explained in part by changes in how strokes are diagnosed , said Dr. James Burke , author of an accompanying editorial and a neurology researcher at the University of Michigan and the Ann Arbor VA Healthcare System .
Even though obesity rates are rising , the magnitude of change during the study period was small and obesity is a weak risk factor for stroke , Burke said by email .
Conversely , hypertension is generally the strongest risk factor and became more widely recognized and aggressively treated during the study period , Burke added .
`` So while I would n't rule out an increase in conventional risk factors driving an increase in stroke in the young , if rates are truly going up , my best guess it 's for reasons other than classical risk factors , '' Burke said .
Still , patients can take steps to lower their risk .
`` To prevent stroke in general , the story is to stop smoking , get regular exercise , watch your diet and make sure that your vascular risk factors are evaluated and well-controlled , '' Burke advised .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2oj311H and bit.ly/2oqmb6i JAMA Neurology , online April 10 , 2017 .
COLOMBO , April 3 The Sri Lankan rupee was steady in dull trade on Monday as mild importer dollar demand was offset by inward remittances and exporter dollar sales ahead of the festival season , dealers said .
Rupee forwards were active , with two-week forwards trading steady at 152.45/50 per dollar at 0619 GMT .
`` There is not much of activity . Market is very quiet as the seasonal importer demand has settled and most of the companies will be shut for the new year by the end of this week , '' said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named .
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14 , dealers said .
The central bank on March 27 raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70 . It had raised the reference rate by 25 cents on March 20 .
The central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months on March 24 , saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures .
Analysts said the rate hike , a move that was also aimed at easing pressure on the rupee , could help stabilise the domestic currency that has been hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors .
Foreign investors net sold government securities worth 950 million rupees ( $ 6.26 million ) in the week ended March 29 , and they have net sold 64.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year .
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.17 percent at 6,072.70 as of 0621 GMT . Turnover stood at 824 million rupees ( $ 5.43 million ) . ( $ 1 = 151.7500 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
April 28 Ace Aviation Holdings Inc :
* Ace Aviation reports 2016 annual results
* Ace 's only remaining assets as at April 28 , 2017 consist of cash in an aggregate amount of approximately $ 6.7 million
* Dissolution of Ace will occur by end of Q3 of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Online food delivery company Just Eat Plc said on Friday that Executive Chairman John Hughes had taken a leave of absence to undergo treatment for a medical condition .
Chief Financial Officer Paul Harrison would take over Hughes 's duties as interim chief executive officer , the company said .
The company added that its senior independent director , Andrew Griffith , would become non-executive chairperson and help the board find a permanent CEO .
Hughes would remain a non-executive director of the company .
Just Eat 's former chief executive , David Buttress , left at the end of its first quarter due to `` urgent family matters , '' prompting the chairperson to take up their role on a temporary basis .
( Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri )
May 3 KKO International SA :
* Signs of a definitive agreement with Bracknor Fund Ltd. for the establishment of a flexible bond financing facility
* Maximum amount of 3,120,000 euros ( $ 3.41 million ) of which 3,000,000 euros in cash through the issuance of 312 companys convertible bonds ( `` OCA '' ) to Bracknor Fund Ltd . Source text : bit.ly/2pYBmoM Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9160 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Tearful Johannes Vetter made up for just missing out on an Olympic medal last year when the German won the javelin at the World Athletics Championships on Saturday as their great rival and Olympic champion Thomas Roehler finished off the podium .
Czech Republic pair Jakub Vadlejch , coached by world record holder Jan Zelezny , and Petr Frydrych threw personal bests of 89.73 and 88.32 metres respectively to take silver and bronze .
Vetter 's opening throw of 89.89 was enough to win the gold and the 24-year-old was overcome with emotion after clinching the title which was confirmed after Vadlejch 's last throw .
Roehler , who like compatriot Vetter has thrown over 90 metres this season , was beaten into fourth with 88.26 .
`` I was shaking until my last attempt because I had used all of my energy in the first two throws , '' said Vetter who was fourth at the Rio de Janeiro Games .
`` Technically they were not perfect . I thought I could throw further . It does not matter how far you throw . I threw enough for a gold medal . ''
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men 's Javelin Throw Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 . Thomas Rohler of Germany in action . Kai Pfaffenbach
`` It was very emotional for me at the end of the competition because of the pressure in the last few weeks and days -- it was very high . ''
Roehler and Vetter have sustained an impressive rivalry this season with Roehler winning six of their 10 meetings before London .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men 's Javelin Throw Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 . Johannes Vetter of Germany in action . Dylan Martinez
Roehler began the season in Doha with the second longest throw in history of 93.90 until they were overhauled by Vetter 's 94.44 metre effort in Lucerne on July 11 .
With Andreas Hoffman also in form , Germany even had hopes of a first-ever javelin clean sweep at the World Championships , but the Czech pair had other ideas .
Vadlejch threw 89.73 with their second attempt , while Frydrych left their best for last as they pipped Roehler to the bronze with their sixth throw .
`` When my coach Jan Zelezny saw the throws , they were not satisfied and saw many mistakes in it , '' said Vadlejch . `` It was not the worst but you can always go further . The main thing is that I managed to improve my personal best . ''
`` I was dreaming about this medal but now , it is a mixed feeling . Happiness mixed with a bitter feeling that there were these 16 centimetres missing for gold . ''
DUBLIN , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The European Central Bank is normalising policy and whether it ends asset buys in September or winds them down gradually is not an existential question , French central bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said on Friday .
“ One should n't focus excessively on the sole instrument of monthly net asset purchases : whether we end them in September or taper them somewhat more gradually is not a deep existential question , ” Villeroy said in Dublin .
“ We will rely more and more on the entire policy package , including the sizeable stock of acquired assets , the forthcoming reinvestments and the forward guidance on interest rates , ” Villeroy , who sits on the ECB 's Governing Council added .
They added that normalisation will follow a predictable sequence with the ECB also keeping an eye on how exchange rates develop , with the recent dollar weakness considered a source of uncertainty .
The ECB 's 2.55 trillion euro ( $ 3.17 trillion ) bond buying programme , aimed at reviving inflation , is due to expire at the end of September , and financial markets are betting that purchases will end sometime in the fourth quarter after a brief taper . ( $ 1 = 0.8035 euros ) ( Reporting by Padraic Halpin ; Writing by Balazs Koranyi ; Editing by Peter Graff )
The sign of AkzoNobel is pictured at its headquarters in Amsterdam February 6 , 2014 . REUTERS/Toussaint Kluiters/United Photos
AMSTERDAM Elliott Advisors , the AkzoNobel ( AKZO.AS ) shareholder that backs rival PPG 's ( PPG.N ) planned takeover of the Dutch paint maker , said it would take legal action if Akzo did not give an upcoming shareholder meeting the chance to vote to dismiss its chairperson .
Along with Akzo 's board , Chairman Antony Burgmans opposes the sweetened 24 billion euro ( 20 billion pound ) takeover bid PPG proposed last month . Akzo said earlier on Wednesday it would reject a proposal to put a vote on Burgmans 's dismissal on the meeting agenda .
`` Shareholders have a legal right under Dutch law to put a proposal to dismiss Mr Burgmans onto the EGM agenda , '' Elliott said in a statement on Wednesday . If Akzo stuck to its `` inexplicable '' refusal , `` Elliott intends to use its recourse to the Dutch Courts , '' the fund manager added .
( Reporting By Thomas Escritt ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
April 5 8point3 Energy Partners Lp :
* 8Point3 energy partners reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue $ 9.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 9.9 million
* 8Point3 Energy Partners LP - forecasts Q2 2017 distribution of $ 0.2642 per share , an increase of 3.0 percent compared to Q1 2017 distribution
* 8Point3 Energy Partners LP - 2017 financial guidance remains unchanged , reiterates fiscal year 2017 distribution growth of 12pct
* Increased Q1 distribution by 3.0 percent over Q4 distribution
* Declared Q1 2017 distribution of $ 0.2565 per share
* 8Point3 Energy Partners LP - for Q1 of fiscal 2017 , 8point3 Energy Partners reported revenue of $ 9.9 million , net loss of $ 5.3 million
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue of $ 14.0 million to $ 16.0 million ; sees Q2 2017 net income of $ 3.0 million to $ 5.0 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 0.25 , revenue view $ 17.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Eversource Energy :
* SAYS ‍ON FEBRUARY 1 , 2018 , NEW HAMPSHIRE SITE EVALUATION COMMITTEE VOTED TO DENY NORTHERN PASS ' SITING APPLICATION​
* SAYS INTENDS TO SEEK RECONSIDERATION OF SITE EVALUATION COMMITTEE​ 'S DECISION & TO REVIEW ALL OPTIONS FOR MOVING PROJECT FORWARD - SEC FILING Source text : ( bit.ly/2DUT97K ) Further company coverage :
( Refiles to fix formatting )
By Tetsushi Kajimoto
TOKYO May 3 The Asian Development Bank 's 50th annual meeting is supposed to be a celebration of Japan 's economic leadership in Asia over the half-century - instead , it takes place in the shadow of China 's bid to increasingly assert itself as the regional powerhouse .
The ADB is coming off a record year for lending and is the region 's major financier for development , but its four-day meeting in Yokohama starting on Thursday could quickly fade as attention turns to China 's high-profile `` One Belt , One Road '' ( OBOR ) summit the next week .
Many OBOR projects are supported by China 's state-owned banks and its fledgling regional lender , the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank ( AIIB ) , which could become a potential rival of the Manila-based ADB but for now is much smaller .
`` Politically , the AIIB is a direct challenge to the ADB by providing borrowers an alternative , '' said Tang Siew Mun , senior fellow at the ISEAS Yusof Ishak Institute in Singapore . `` OBOR with AIIB 's deep pockets offers a vision of the region for 'friendly nations ' to participate . In contrast , the ADB lacks a grand plan and focuses on smaller projects . ''
In dealing with the AIIB , which launched operations in January 2016 , the ADB has emphasised cooperation rather than competition . A year ago , they signed an agreement setting the stage for joint financing projects .
`` Infrastructure needs are huge and it 's simply not possible for the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank to fill the gap completely , '' Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda , a former head of the ADB , said earlier this week .
The AIIB is viewed by some as a challenger to both the Western-dominated World Bank and the ADB , which is primarily funded by Japan and the United States .
The ADB was established as a Japanese initiative in 1966 to offer development assistance in Asia . All of the ADB heads up until now have been Japanese , including current president Takehiko Nakao .
Last year , it extended a record $ 17.5 billion worth of loans to 67 projects , dwarfing the AIIB , which provided loans of about $ 1.7 billion to just nine projects last year , most of which was through co-financing with other institutions , including the ADB .
OUTWARD SUPPORT
While outwardly Japan has shown support for China 's initiatives , it remains wary of getting too close , and has not joined the AIIB .
`` We remain cautious about AIIB and need to examine its transparency even more closely since China plays a dominant role in its governance , '' Masahiko Shibayama , an adviser to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , told Reuters .
Further complicating matters for Japan , is the sudden friendliness of U.S. President Donald Trump to Beijing and a shift by Southeast Asian nations towards China .
The secretary-general of Japan 's ruling Liberal Democratic Party , Toshihiro Nikai , will attend the OBOR summit , a sign Abe wants to improve ties with Beijing .
`` The unexpected improvement in ties between China and the United States has prompted Japanese government to send ... Nikai to the OBOR summit , '' said Xiao Minjie , senior economist at SMBC Nikko Securities in Tokyo .
`` Even though bureaucrats in general have an instinctive dislike for China-led AIIB and OBOR . ''
Xiao predicts that the two development banks may fill different roles , with the ADB supporting projects concerning the environment , education and poverty-reduction , while China may focus on the kind of infrastructure-tied loans to developing countries that Japan used to provide in the 1980s .
`` The ADB will likely shift more towards 'soft ' infrastructure development , as demand for hard infrastructure runs its course and as Asian countries mature after experiencing high economic growth , '' Xiao said . ( Additional reporting by Stanley White , Leika Kihara , Izumi Nakagawa ; Writing by Malcolm Foster ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
BRUSSELS An agreement on Greek pension and income tax reforms reached on Tuesday morning paves the way for discussions on debt relief for Athens , the European Stability Mechanism , the euro zone 's bailout fund , said in a statement .
`` Staff teams from the European Commission , European Stability Mechanism , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund have reached a preliminary agreement with the Greek authorities on a policy package to support the recovery in Greece , and which will be the basis for concluding the 2nd review of the ESM stability support programme , '' it said .
`` The Greek authorities have confirmed their intention to swiftly implement this policy package . This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece 's debt is sustainable , '' the fund said .
Euro zone finance ministers agreed in May 2016 on criteria for stretching out maturities on Greece 's loans and the grace period before Athens has to start paying interest on them .
They also agreed that Greek gross financing needs should be kept below 15 percent of its annual economic output in the medium term and below 20 percent beyond that .
Such debt relief could be granted in 2018 if Greece meets all the targets of the bailout and if a debt analysis shows that it is necessary to make Greek debt sustainable in the long-term .
The IMF has been insisting debt relief is necessary . Germany has maintained that if Greece keeps a large enough primary surplus for long enough , it can manage without any debt relief . What primary surpluses Greece can achieve and for how long is a consequence of the reforms it undertakes .
`` This second review is strategic for Greece as it not only delivers on key reforms to modernise the Greek economy but also secures a credible fiscal path for the years to come , beyond the ESM programme , '' European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Pierre Moscovici said .
`` It is now for all partners to reach an understanding on the question of Greece 's debt in the coming weeks , '' they said .
Agreeing on the terms of debt relief from 2018 is a condition of the IMF to join the Greek bailout , now shouldered by euro zone governments alone . Germany wants the IMF to join , to add credibility to the reform process .
( Reporting By Jan Strupczewski ; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek , Larry King )
FILE PHOTO : A man arrives at the Uber offices in Queens , New York , U.S. , February 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Uber Technologies Inc has reached a settlement with Pennsylvania 's taxi regulator to end the ride-sharing company 's appeal of a record $ 11.4 million fine for operating illegally .
A notice posted on Tuesday with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania said Uber and the state 's Public Utility Commission had reported an agreement in principle to settle the case , which involved the largest fine imposed by that regulator .
The appeal was put on hold so a formal agreement between Uber and the PUC could be worked out .
Uber spokesperson Craig Ewer confirmed the substance of the notice , but declined to provide details about the accord . PUC spokesperson Nils Hagen-Frederiksen said : `` The matter is under review by the commission . ''
The PUC fined Uber last April after finding that the San Francisco-based company had from February to August 2014 provided 122,998 rides in Pennsylvania without prior approval , and obstructed a state probe into its operations .
Though the $ 11.4 million fine was six times larger than any prior fine imposed by the PUC , it had been reduced from the $ 49.9 million ordered earlier by two administrative law judges .
The PUC rejected Uber 's bid to reconsider the fine on Sept. 1 . Uber appealed that decision to the commonwealth court four weeks later .
On March 8 , Uber said it would stop using its so-called `` Greyball '' technology , which helped identify and avoid regulators seeking evidence that drivers were evading local laws governing taxi services .
It is unclear whether that decision was a factor in resolving the Pennsylvania case .
The case is Uber Technologies Inc et al v Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission , Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania , No . 1617 CD 2016 .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Additional reporting by Heather Somerville in San Francisco ; Editing by David Gregorio )
NAIROBI , March 30 Kenya 's central bank on Thursday invited investors interested in buying a stake in Chase Bank to submit their bids , with the aim of concluding the transaction by the end of September .
The mid-sized lender is under receivership and was temporarily closed in April 2016 by the regulator after an unexplained loss of billions of Kenyan shillings .
It is now in the hands of Kenya Deposit Insurance Corporation ( KDIC ) , a state body that protects depositors in the case of a bank failure , and the central bank has said it wants to find a strategic investor for Chase but has not said what size stake it will sell .
KCB Group was appointed its manager and the central bank had promised to return the bank to normal operations by the end of the first quarter of 2017 but this has been pushed back .
Bidders will be required to provide an array of information including an understanding of the local banking industry , details of shareholders , capital available and the preferred transaction mode , by April 21 , the central bank said .
`` No information beyond what is already available in the public domain will be made available to interested parties and there will be no question and answer process at this stage , '' the regulator said in a statement .
The temporary closure of Chase , which followed the closure of Imperial Bank , another mid-sized lender , and Dubai Bank Kenya , a smaller lender , knocked confidence in Kenya 's banking sector , which has also seen a jump in bad debts .
The central bank suspended issuance of new commercial bank licenses in 2015 but it said this month that it was finalising two licence applications , signalling it was ready to lift the moratorium . ( Reporting by George Obulutsa ; Editing by Duncan Miriri and Susan Fenton )
Global debt rose to 325 percent of the world 's gross domestic product in 2016 , totalling $ 215 trillion ( 172.39 trillion pounds ) , an Institute for International Finance report released on Monday showed , boosted by the rapid growth of issuance in emerging markets .
Global debt grew by $ 7.6 trillion in 2016 compared with the prior year . Issuance rose from 320 percent of GDP in 2015 .
Emerging market debt saw a `` spectacular rise '' to $ 55 trillion outstanding in 2016 , equal to 215 percent of their GDP . This was driven mostly by non-financial corporate debt , the report said .
Emerging markets have raised nearly $ 40 trillion of new debt between 2006 and 2016 , a significant acceleration from the roughly $ 9 trillion added between 1996 and 2006 , according to the report .
Global debt has risen more than $ 70 trillion in the last decade to a record high for debt issuance , the institute said .
Developed market countries accounted for $ 160 trillion , the lion 's share of global debt , reaching nearly 4 times , or 390 percent of those markets ' combined GDP .
The report found that the $ 32 trillion increase in developed market debt had been driven largely by governments , with U.S. and UK public sector debt having more than doubled since 2006 . Japan and developed markets in Europe have seen an increase of about 50 percent in the dollar value of their outstanding government debt .
The majority of the increase in emerging market indebtedness has been in local currency , which was more than $ 48.5 trillion as of the end of 2016 from around $ 43 trillion in 2015 .
( Reporting by Dion Rabouin ; editing by Diane Craft )
NEW YORK Wealth management firm HighTower said on Thursday it will acquire WealthTrust , which has interests in a dozen registered investment advisory firms with $ 6.4 billion in client assets nationwide , bringing HighTower 's total client assets to more than $ 47 billion .
Chicago-based HighTower has been in discussions with private equity firm Lee Equity Partners LLC for four months to buy or invest in most of WealthTrust , HighTower Chief Executive Elliot Weissbluth said in a telephone interview .
`` The story really has to do with an entire industry that 's turning itself inside out , '' Weissbluth said . There 's `` a shift of assets and financial advisers that are leaving the wirehouses and going to the independent side , '' they said . `` It 's the growth of the fiduciary duty and we obviously have been out in front of this for 10 years , long before Dodd-Frank and the Department of Labor 's fiduciary rule came out . ''
Following the WealthTrust acquisition , about 40 percent of HighTower teams will originate from registered investment adviser ( RIA ) backgrounds - either as previously independent teams acquired by HighTower or as independent RIAs using HighTower 's platform of services .
HighTower Executive Vice President Matthias Kuhlmey led the WealthTrust transaction .
( Reporting by Jennifer Ablan ; Editing by Steve Oerlofsky )
A woman on the 23rd floor of the London apartment fire live streamed the panicked moments smoke was billowing through the hallway , and their attempts to save them neighbours .
Some people may find this content distressing .
Twelve people have been confirmed dead after the huge fire ripped through the Grenfell Tower in Kensington , London .
Rania Ibrham began live streaming on Facebook as the fire raged yesterday .
Another woman can be heard telling Ms Ibrham to keep the front door closed .
`` You 're going to bring the smoke in . You 're not going to be able to breathe .
`` You have your children . Standing near the door at the smoke is not going to help them . ''
However Ms Ibrham opens the door and begins calling out for other residents to come into their home away from the smoke .
The video then shows them calling to police , telling them they are stuck on the 23rd floor of the building .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
* Shares of recently merged lender fall in Abu Dhabi
* TAQA up again at five-month high
* Dubai weak in thin volume
* Domestic-focused shares outperform in Saudi
* Egypt down , but foreign funds net buyers
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI , April 10 Most stock markets closed down on Monday with volumes low as geopolitical risk kept institutional funds away , but Abu Dhabi 's energy company TAQA kept rising after the government increased its stake in the company last week .
Abu Dhabi 's index fell 0.4 percent , with shares of the recently merged lender First Abu Dhabi Bank down 0.9 percent , its third consecutive session of declines .
Shares of what is now the largest bank by assets in the emirate outperformed last week as emerging market funds adjusted weightings in their portfolios to reflect the merger .
Abu Dhabi National Energy ( TAQA ) , however , rose 1.7 percent to a five-month high and ahead of most other shares in the region .
Shares in the energy company have been attracting interest since last week , when Abu Dhabi 's state utility boosted its stake in the loss-making company to 74 percent , days after it granted land that could wipe out the energy company 's losses .
In the neighbouring emirate , Dubai 's index declined 0.5 percent in the lowest daily volume in a week . The builder of the tallest tower in the world , Emaar Properties , fell 0.5 percent and Dubai Islamic Bank lost 1.2 percent .
`` Uncertainty about what 's next between the U.S. and Syria , and also more Islamic state attacks in Egypt , will keep many fund managers away from stocks for now , '' a Dubai-based fund manager said .
Saudi Arabia 's index closed flat as 74 shares advanced and 68 of them declined .
Domestic-focused shares were some of the best performers , with electronics retailer United Electronics jumping 6.5 percent . Shares of the company have been volatile since it swung to a net profit in the first quarter from a net loss in the same period last year .
Supermarket operator Al Othaim climbed 2.1 percent .
Banking shares were generally weak with National Commercial Bank down 0.3 percent .
In Doha , the index edged down 0.2 percent giving up some of the small gains made earlier in the day . Commodities producer Industries Qatar fell 0.7 percent .
In Egypt , the index extended the previous session 's 1.6 percent losses , falling 0.4 percent . Global Telecom Holding was the worst performer on that index , dropping 4.7 percent .
On Sunday , attacks at two churches in Egypt killed at least 44 people , prompting investors to cash out .
On Monday , however , foreign funds were net buyers of shares in Egypt , exchange data showed , with some of the stocks favoured by those funds outperforming . Commercial International Bank rebounded 0.9 percent .
MONDAY 'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index edged up 0.05 percent to 7,062 points .
DUBAI
* The index fell 0.5 percent to 3,537 points .
ABU DHABI
* The index declined 0.4 percent to 4,572 points .
QATAR
* The index edged down 0.2 percent to 10,485 points .
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.1 percent to 7,008 points .
EGYPT
* The index edged down 0.4 percent to 12,849 points .
OMAN
* The index fell 0.3 percent to 5.579 points .
BAHRAIN
* The index lost 0.9 percent to 1,363 points .
( Editing by Larry King )
May 2 Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc :
* Aerie Pharmaceuticals reports first quarter 2017 financial results and provides business update
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $ 0.62
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.67 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 gaap loss per share $ 0.76 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MANAMA , April 15 Words failed Valtteri Bottas on Saturday after the unflappable Finn bounced back from a disappointing Chinese Grand Prix by taking the first pole position of their Formula One career in Bahrain .
Last Sunday the Mercedes driver was downcast after spinning behind the safety car in a race won by triple champion teammate Lewis Hamilton , the 54th victory for the Briton from their 63rd pole .
Hamilton had been gunning for a seventh pole in a row on Saturday but , under the Sakhir floodlights , Bottas produced the perfect riposte by beating them to it by a mere 0.023 of a second .
After 80 attempts , and in their fifth season , they had joined famous Finnish pole sitters like Keke Rosberg , Mika Hakkinen and Kimi Raikkonen .
Team boss Toto Wolff was delighted with the turnaround , even if they had been equally happy with another Hamilton pole , and recalled their conversation with Bottas after the Finn arrived in Bahrain from Shanghai .
`` He said Sunday was pretty rough , Monday morning was also not good but Monday afternoon was better already .
`` I think it 's something that a great driver needs to have , to analyse your mistakes and then overcome them and move on , '' they added .
`` He had a difficult Sunday ... but they did n't think too much , came to Bahrain and put it on pole . I think this is another step in their development , which is not finished yet , towards great achievement . ''
Formula One 's Finns have rarely been guilty of emotional overload , with Ferrari 's 2007 world champion and 'Iceman ' Raikkonen the most famously tight-lipped of a far from loquacious bunch , but Bottas was discernibly happy .
A rare whoop , and a raised fist punching the air , betrayed what was going on under the helmet as Bottas took the first pole by a Finnish driver since McLaren 's Heikki Kovalainen in 2008 .
`` For a moment there you actually showed some emotion . Well done , '' said Tony Ross , the race engineer who had confused Bottas with now-retired predecessor and champion Nico Rosberg over the team radio in China .
Bottas 's mind appeared to go blank when laughingly asked to supply a Finnish word for 'exciting ' or 'excited ' by Hamilton and Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel and they kept their feet firmly planted on the ground .
`` For sure if you 've had a bit of a struggle in the last race it 's always nice to start the weekend in a good way but anyway tomorrow is the day that then matters , but it 's good .
`` I definitely feel now much more comfortable in the car ... the more laps , the more time you spend with a car and driving it , you get to be more at one with the car . '' ( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Toby Davis )
FILE PHOTO : The logo of German fashion house Hugo Boss is seen on a clothing label at their outlet store in Mezingen near Stuttgart October 29 , 2013 . REUTERS/Michael Dalder/File Photo
BERLIN Shares in Hugo Boss fell 5 percent on Wednesday after the German fashion house reported another drop in online sales in the first three months of the year even though overall sales and net profit were better than expected .
Hugo Boss , which said in March it wanted to make improving its online business a top priority , said ecommerce sales were down 27 percent in the quarter due to a fall in the number of visitors to its website despite a revamp last year .
The shares were down 5.3 percent at 0820 GMT , making it the biggest faller on the Stoxx 600 .
`` Very disappointing are the reported Q1 sales numbers for the group 's own online business , '' said DZ Bank analyst Herbert Sturm , who rates the stock `` sell '' , adding that a 3 percent fall in like-for-like retail sales was also disappointing .
The company , known for its smart men 's suits , is in the process of restructuring , slashing prices in China to bring them closer to European and U.S. levels , reshaping its sub-brands to appeal to a younger customer and closing loss-making stores .
Chief Executive Mark Langer admitted the online sales performance was very disappointing , saying the website took too long to load compared with rivals , and Hugo Boss had not offered enough lower-priced products to attract more price-sensitive online shoppers .
But they said Hugo Boss was working on those issues , plus improving the ranking of the website on search engines , saying they expected a significant improvement in online sales in the second quarter , as well as a lift to its store business .
Hugo Boss said net profit rose 25 percent to 48 million euros ( 40.3 million pounds ) on sales up 1 percent to 651 million euros , beating average analyst forecasts for 46 million and 641 million respectively , according to a Reuters poll .
Hugo Boss said sales in China rose 3 percent , boosted by marketing on social media , with double-digit growth on a like-for-like basis on the mainland compensating for a weaker performance in Hong Kong and Macau .
Despite the online problems , the results , particularly in China , mirror signs for a pickup in demand for luxury goods after companies including LVMH , and Hermes recently reported a recovery .
In Europe , sales rose a currency-adjusted 3 percent , helped by local demand and a recovery in purchases by tourists , that had been hurt a year ago by attacks in France and Belgium , with sales in Britain up 7 percent .
( Reporting by Emma Thomasson ; Editing by Maria Sheahan/Keith Weir )
THE Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger-Delta , MEND , fell apart , Sunday , with President Muhammadu Buhari , passing a vote of no confidence on their government , especially with regards to their handling of the current Niger-Delta crisis .
MEND 's condemnation of Buhari government contained in a statement by its spokesperson , Jomo Gbomo , came as a surprise , as the militant group supported them in the 2015 election against former President Goodluck Jonathan until yesterday .
In a statement , the group said : “ Without prejudice to the pre- 2015 Presidential election endorsement freely and voluntarily given to President Muhammadu Buhari on January 6 , 2015 , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) hereby categorically and unequivocally pass a vote of no confidence on the government of President Buhari ; specifically with regard to the government 's handling of the current Niger Delta crisis . ”
Describing President Buhari as sly , the group said : “ We hereby demand that President Muhammadu Buhari must put a stop to their cunning , crafty and un-statesman rhetoric about the Niger Delta region as they have only served the purpose of jeopardizing the fragile peace in the region . ”
L1It also urged them to “ direct the relevant agency of government to immediately commence dialogue with the Niger Delta region ; as duly and ably represented by PANDEF . ”
The group asserted : “ Furthermore , notice is hereby given to the Federal Government that all Niger Delta militant commanders and/or individuals , who were tracked and arrested while observing a ceasefire ahead of talks with the federal government , should be treated well . ”
“ They should be allowed access to their lawyers , the International Red Cross and a delegation from PANDEF so as to ascertain their wellbeing and ensure they have not been tortured or killed , extra judicially , ” it said .
* Giving reasons for its new position , MEND said : “ That prior to and after their reluctant meeting with the traditional rulers , opinion leaders and stakeholders of the Niger Delta region , under the auspices of PANDEF on November 1 , 2016 , President Muhammadu Buhari has been carrying on arrogantly and making controversial , prejudicial , conflicting and contradictory statements about the politics and economy of the oil-rich region . ”
“ Since after they assumed the reins , President Muhammadu Buhari has always , for reasons best known to him , held the Niger Delta region in contempt ; while accusing and/or blackmailing the leadership of the region of not being ready for dialogue whereas it is the Federal Government who are not ready or willing to name a Team to dialogue with the people .
“ Prior to the inauguration of PANDEF , the several sessions of dialogue held between representatives of MEND , on the one hand ; and those of the Federal Government , on the other hand ; where concessions were secured for the release of the Okah brothers and several other political detainees and prisoners of conscience was a grand deception on the part of the Federal Government .
“ After the MEND/FG dialogue , which was publicly confirmed by no less a person than President Buhari in their farewell remarks to Mr. Michael Zinner , the out-going German Ambassador to Nigeria , President Buhari reneged on the agreements reached at the dialogue , ” they said .
The group added : “ And following on the heels of the breach of the agreements , President Buhari personally wrote and signed a damaging and prejudicial letter to the Government of South Africa in an attempt to willfully truncate the on-going peace process in Nigeria ; sabotage the legal options open to Henry Okah and simultaneously influence the on-going trial of Charles Okah and others , at the Federal High Court in Abuja , in favour of the Federal Government . ”
LONDON North Korea 's decision to test-fire a ballistic missile represents a grave threat to Japan , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in London on Saturday , calling on the United States and China to keep up pressure on Pyongyang .
North Korea test-fired a missile shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to `` catastrophic consequences '' .
`` Despite strong warnings by the international community , North Korea today went through its ballistic missile launch . It is a grave threat to our country . This is absolutely not acceptable . We strongly condemn such acts , '' Abe told reporters , speaking through a translator in London .
U.S. President Donald Trump has said a major conflict with North Korea was possible and that military options remain on the table .
Russia and China have warned against the use of military force .
Abe said further provocation by North Korea was `` fully conceivable '' , calling for solidarity from the international community .
`` We 'd like to maintain a close coordination with the United States , our ally , to maintain a high state of alert . We 'd like to be water-tight to ensure safety for our citizens , '' they said .
Trump has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for their role in trying to calm the situation in North Korea . Abe welcomed Trump 's engagement with Xi and said the role of China was extremely important .
`` As prime minister I am focussing on China 's response , '' they said . `` China , I hope , will play a constructive role ... it is my high expectations that China will perform its role properly . ''
( Additional reporting by Alistair Smout ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
May 2 Aberdeen Asset Management
* CEO Martin Gilbert says has seen `` no real negative reaction '' from clients to Standard Life merger plan .
* Confirms has money set aside to help retain top managers during merger , to give more detail next week . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Simon Jessop )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Vivendi 's Chief Executive Arnaud de Puyfontaine leaves the headquarters of Italian financial markets regulator Consob in Rome , Italy , December 23 , 2016 . REUTERS/Remo Casilli
The Vivendi logo is pictured at the main entrance of the entertainment-to-telecoms conglomerate headquarters in Paris , March 10 , 2016 . REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo
MILAN Telecom Italia 's biggest shareholder Vivendi ( VIV.PA ) indicated that it wants its CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine to be the Italian group 's new chairperson , putting them top of its list of candidates for board members on Sunday .
The term of Telecom Italia 's current board is three years and expires next month . Shareholders will pick board members at a meeting on May 4 and the new board will then choose a chairperson at a meeting scheduled for the following day .
Vivendi , which owns 24 percent of Telecom Italia , is aiming to nominate 10 seats on the Italian company 's new board , which is expected to be reduced to 15 members .
The top name on the list of board nominees at Italian companies usually designates the proposed chairperson , and sources have said Vivendi is considering appointing de Puyfontaine as Telecom Italia 's next chairperson .
However , the French media group kept its options open by also including on the list Telecom Italia 's current Italian chairperson , Giuseppe Recchi , making it technically possible that they could be confirmed in the job .
The choice of Telecom Italia 's next chairperson is politically sensitive because it could aggravate concerns about Vivendi 's growing influence over Italian companies .
The French group 's sway over the Italian telecoms group has come under the spotlight after it took a significant holding in Italian broadcaster Mediaset ( MS.MI ) , leading to speculation over whether it plans to combine the two companies .
Sunday was the deadline for shareholders to submit candidates for Telecom Italia 's new board .
Two other Vivendi top executives also featured on Vivendi 's list : CFO Herve Philippe and General Counsel Frederic Crepin , as did Telecom Italia 's CEO Flavio Cattaneo .
Italy 's communications regulator is already looking into Vivendi 's stakebuilding at Mediaset , given domestic anti-trust regulations that prevent companies from having an excessive market share both in telecommunications and media .
Vivendi filed a pre-emptive notification to the European Commission on March 31 , saying that after the shareholder meeting it could de facto control Telecom Italia .
( Reporting by Silvia Aloisi ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Objects unearthed in the historical site of Tom Maroon , in Hormuzgan Province on the Persian Gulf , indicate that the communities inhabiting the region during the Bronze Age were involved in industrial activities such as metalwork , glasswork and pottery .
Research Institute of Iran 's Cultural Heritage , Handicrafts and Tourism Organization quoted head of the excavation team Siamak Sarlak , as saying that that archeologists came across two oval furnaces , welding parts , furnace slag iron and glass pieces during their excavations .
They further noted that among the objects included a glass button-like seal which can be important in analyzing economic relations between Tom Maroon and other regions during that era .
They listed the aims of the current season of excavations as identifying the succeeding cultural eras of the region , drawing up a chronology of the area and defining the role and importance of the area in the shaping cultural relations of communities inhabiting the northern and southern shores of the Persian Gulf in the Bronze Age up to the Islamic era .
Sarlak cited other objectives of the excavations as understanding the instinctive features of the region in developing the cultural outlook of communities residing in the region , particularly in the Bronze Age , conducting research works in cultural-historical area of the Persian Gulf , and collecting fresh documents with the aim of clarifying the historical position and importance of the Persian Gulf .
The third phase of the explorations will be launched by mid-March 2017 given the cultural features of the region and the coordination with the Archeology Institute and Hormuzgan Cultural Heritage Department , they added .
Sarlak pointed out that in the second season of the excavations approximately 7.5 meters of the accumulated layers and cultural objects of the area were surveyed . They added that nine main and two sub-phases of the architecture of the Parthian era were also identified .
Based on the documents obtained in the exploration of Tom Maroon , Sarlak noted that the most important construction material used in the architecture of the Parthian era is large-size adobes using clay mortar .
They said up to three decades ago , there were five satellite mounds around Tom Maroon which have now been completely leveled to the ground and transformed into citrus orchards and currently only a small portion of Tom Soltan Miran , 800 meters from Tom Maroon , remained intact .
The archeologist stressed that based on the documents obtained in the excavations on the southern slopes of Tom Maroon , four cultural periods , including the ancient Bronze era , the Parthian era , the Sassanid era and the early centuries of the Islamic period have been identified .
They said the Persian Gulf is considered one of the important regions in archeological studies of Iran and ancient Orient in view of its strategic location .
Archeological studies conducted in Hormuzgan , the Old Stone Age , the ancient Bronze era , the Parthian , the Sassanid and the Islamic periods ( especially the Safavid ) show that thriving cultures and civilizations existed in the region .
Tom Maroon is located in Hormuzgan Province in a fertile alluvial plain , known as Komiz Plain , surrounded by low mountains .
VANCOUVER ( miningweekly.com ) – Recent US Congressional actions point to a strong desire to establish domestic rare earths element ( REE ) supply chains , as the industry seeks to diversify away from dominant producer and consumer - China .
Congress continues to work on development of REE separation technologies , as evidenced by pending legislation such as the Rare Earth Element Advanced Coal Technologies Act , which was introduced by Senator Joe Manchin , of West Virginia , that was earlier this month introduced to the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources .
Advertisement
Halifax , Nova Scotia-based Ucore Rare Metals pointed out that these actions are critical to `` establishing technology metals independence for the US and its allies '' , the company said in a statement .
The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee reported back favourably on the bill earlier this month , and it is now awaiting consideration on the Senate floor . The bill seeks to secure $ 160-million in funding over the next eight years to support technologies that separate REE from coal and coal ash . This forms part of a larger drive to eliminate the US 's dependence on foreign sources for these strategic metals , essential to clean energy , electric and non-carbon emitting vehicles , military , health and high-technology applications .
Advertisement
`` The fact that bills like this are being introduced and gaining traction in Congress is a strong signal the government is serious about a domestic REE supply chain , '' Ucore president and CEO Jim McKenzie stated .
They noted that between legislative provisions in the National Defence Authorisation Act and executive action 's such as President Donald Trump 's December executive order that instructed their deputies to develop a strategy to end the US 's reliance on imports for minerals that are `` vital to the nation 's security and economic prosperity '' , they see an emerging policy trend that prioritises an American rare earth feedstock and beneficiation industry .
The order acknowledged that continued reliance on foreign nations - such as China - for a critical supply of minerals is dangerous and jeopardises the US 's technological superiority and military readiness .
The US Department of Energy has also identified neodymium , europium , terbium , dysprosium and yttrium as CREEs for both the short and long term . These rare elements include praseodymium because of its ability to be substituted for neodymium in high-intensity permanent magnets .
`` What 's more , the government 's focus on separation technologies is particularly encouraging because this has been a long-standing technology gap in the US industrial base and one that Ucore in conjunction with its partner , IBC Advanced Technologies ) , is ideally positioned to fill , '' McKenzie said .
IBC and Ucore are targeting key opportunities under their strategic alliance and are actively engaged in accessing opportunities to apply MRT to the selective separation of REE from coal and coal ash in the Appalachian coal region , including pending joint venture partner Kentucky River Properties .
REE SEPARATION TECH
In 2015 , Ucore showed off the first high-purity dysprosium concentrate ever produced in the US , with US-sourced feedstock from its flagship Bokan Dotson-Ridge project , in Southeast Alaska .
Ucore has developed a joint venture with IBC Advanced Technologies to deploy its proprietary MRT for REE and multi-metallic tailings processing applications in North America and associated world markets . To date , there are more than 40 'SuperLig ' MRT installations active worldwide in the rare earths , platinum-group metals and copper industries .
The MRT technology is able to separate the entire lanthanide suite , from lanthanum to lutetium , including valuable elements such as yttrium and scandium .
The company had recently set a 2020 production start date for the US Strategic Metals Complex ( SMC ) , a REE separation plant to be located in Ketchikan . The SMC will target the separation of rare earth containing concentrates to coincide with the increasing demand for electric vehicles and the need to provide a domestic supply of individual REE oxides for US commercial and military technologies .
The Ketchikan SMC will also potentially serve as the separation plant for REEs mined from the Bokan project into individual saleable rare earth oxides . Ucore envisions one or two additional SMCs strategically located within the US to provide domestic supply .
Ucore is currently entering its second phase of Alaska SMC due diligence , including site selection , design engineering , construction costing , finalising input feedstocks from the short-list of competing alternatives and operational costing . The SMC will have initial throughput of 1 000 t/y between 2020 to 2021 , ramping up to more than 5 000 t/y by 2024 .
Over this period , Ucore will transform into a REE producer , in conjunction with the engineering efforts of IBC and other specialty firms .
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK $ 7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
March 30 Moody 's
* Moody 's : Brazil Banking System outlook revised to stable as economy improves
* Moody 's on Brazil Banking System- `` while we expect a more favorable operating environment in 2017 , banks will remain risk averse ''
* Moody 's on Brazil Banking- after nearly 3 years of recession , economic conditions have become more benign , relieving pressure on both banks , borrowers
* Moody 's says expects Brazil 's economy to grow by 0.9 percent in 2017 and 1.5 percent next year ; expects inflation to slow significantly Source text for Eikon :
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
LONDON , April 13 Some of the best-rated euro zone government bonds saw their yields plummet to multi-month lows on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday they would prefer to see interest rates kept lower in the world 's richest country .
German , Dutch and Finnish government bond yields all followed a sharp move downwards in U.S. Treasury yields overnight and hit their lowest levels since at least the start of the year .
U.S. Treasury yields turned lower along with the dollar and stocks on Wednesday after Trump said the dollar is getting too strong and that they would prefer the Federal Reserve keep interest rates low .
Germany 's 10-year government bond yield hit its lowest level since early January at 0.181 pct , down 2 basis points on day .
Dutch 10-year govt bond yields hit a five-month low of 0.277 pct , down 2 basis points on the day , and the Finnish equivalent dropped below 0.30 percent for the first time since November 9 . ( Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan , editing by Nigel Stephenson )
* March private sector job additions beat estimates
* All 30 Dow stocks up , index on pace for best day since Mar . 1
* Fed to release March meeting minutes at 2:00 p.m . ET
* Indexes up : Dow 0.84 pct , S & P 0.67 pct , Nasdaq 0.53 pct ( Adds details , comments , updates prices )
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 5 The Nasdaq Composite hit an all-time high and the Dow was on track for its best day in more than a month following a blowout private employment report that underlined the health of the U.S. economy .
U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March , the most since December 2014 , payrolls processor ADP said on Wednesday . Economists had expected 187,000 jobs to be added in the month .
All of the 11 major S & P 500 sectors were up , with financials and technology giving the biggest boost .
`` The GDP number was recently revised upward , jobs continue to look good , inflation is moving in the right direction ... ( ADP ) was just another piece of the puzzle that gives the market some confidence that we are still on track , '' said Myles Clouston , senior director at Nasdaq Advisory Services in New York .
The ADP report drew investors back into the market after a period of range-bound trading amid worries about President Donald Trump 's ability to deliver on their policy plans after a recent legislative setback .
At 10:58 a.m . ET ( 1458 GMT ) , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 173.7 points , or 0.84 percent , at 20,862.94 and the S & P 500 was up 15.74 points , or 0.67 percent , at 2,375.9 .
The Nasdaq Composite was up 31.48 points , or 0.53 percent , at 5,930.09 , slightly below its record high of 5,931.83 .
While the ADP report provided some cheer , investors are cautiously awaiting a meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping that starts on Thursday .
The meeting , which Trump expects will be a `` very difficult one '' , is likely to focus on North Korea 's arms program and China-U.S. trade .
Lofty market valuations - in the wake of the post-election rally - will be tested when the first-quarter earnings season starts next week .
`` Valuations from a historical standpoint are in the high end but as long as earnings growth and GDP continue to do well , there is argument that they are justified , '' Clouston said .
Among stocks , Amazon.com rose as much as 1.5 percent to an all-time high of $ 920 . The online retailer 's shares gave the biggest boost to the S & P and the Nasdaq .
Panera Bread jumped nearly 14 percent to $ 311.90 after JAB Holdings said it would buy the bakery chain for $ 7.16 billion .
The Federal Reserve will release the minutes of its March policy meeting at 2:00 p.m . ET ( 1800 GMT ) .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,987 to 792 . On the Nasdaq , 1,667 issues rose and 960 fell .
The S & P 500 index showed 31 52-week highs and three lows , while the Nasdaq recorded 55 highs and 29 lows . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Savio D'Souza )
( Adds comment from Peru 's president , context )
LIMA , March 30 Peru said on Thursday that it was recalling its ambassador to Venezuela and condemned the recent decision by Venezuela 's Supreme Court to take over the functions of Congress as a `` flagrant breach of democratic order . ''
Peru 's Foreign Affairs Ministry added in a statement that it has started consultations with other members of the Organization of American States to discuss urgent measures to preserve democracy in Venezuela .
The pro-government court in Venezuela , which has previously annulled most of the legislature 's decisions since the opposition won a majority in 2015 , said late on Wednesday that it was taking over congressional functions .
`` Latin America is democratic . It 's unacceptable what 's happening in Venezuela , '' Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said on Twitter .
Kuczynski , a former Wall Street banker , has repeatedly expressed concern for Venezuelans amid the country 's relentless economic crisis and has criticized Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro for cracking down on political opponents .
Maduro has called Kuczynski a `` coward '' and a `` dog '' servile to the United States . ( Reporting by Teresa Cespedes ; Editing by Dan Grebler and Alistair Bell )
PRAGUE , April 6 Here are news stories , press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Thursday . ALL TIMES GMT ( Czech Republic : GMT + 2 hours ) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases .................... Summary of economic data and forecasts ........... Recently released economic data .................. Previous stories on Czech data ............. * * For a schedule of corporate and economic events : here # /2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== CROWN : The cost of hedging for volatility in the Czech crown against the euro over the next 24 hours jumped to its highest in more than nine months on Wednesday , on speculation the country 's central bank would imminently remove the cap on its currency . Story : Related stories : CARS : Czech new car registrations rose 14.2 percent year-on-year in the first quarter to 68,059 vehicles , the country 's Car Importers ' Association said on Wednesday . Story : Related stories : EXTRADITION : Prosecutors in Prague on Wednesday cleared the way for a court hearing on whether a Russian accused of hacking LinkedIn Corp should be extradited . Story : Related stories : HUNGARY UTILITY : RWE is considering selling its majority stake in Hungary 's second-biggest power plant and related lignite mines , as the German utility reviews its struggling generation assets across Europe . Story : Related stories : CEE MARKETS : The kuna fell on Wednesday due to uncertainty over the debt of Croatia 's biggest private firm , Agrokor , while other Central European currencies firmed after the Polish and Romanian central bank kept interest rates on hold . Story : Related stories : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- MARKET SNAPSHOT -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Index/Crown Currency The Latest Prev Pct change close on day in 2017 vs Euro 27.021 27.018 -0.01 -0.05 vs Dollar 25.31 24.998 -1.25 1.32 Czech Equities 980.78 980.78 -0.03 6.42 U.S. Equities 20,648.15 20,689.24 -0.2 4.48 Pvs close or current levels vs prior domestic close at 1500 GMT =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ OIL : Oil pipeline operator Mero wants to increase exports through the TAL pipeline from Italy to safeguard against disruptions along the Druzhba pipeline from the east , the paper said . The head of TAL told the newspaper capacity existed but it would be up to shareholders . Mero owns 5 percent of TAL , which hooks up with the IKL pipeline in Germany before heading to the Czech Republic . Pravo , page 19 OKD : The cabinet approved a plan for state company Prisko to submit an 80 million crown bids for insolvent miner OKD . Before the vote , U.S. company Alcentra sent a letter to Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka that it had offered to buy OKD for 540 million and threatened arbitration . Pravo , page 4 ; previous story : AIRPORT : Prague Airport wants to invest 27 billion crowns over the coming years to increase capacity , Finance Minister Andrej Babis said . Hospodarske Noviny , page 7 ( Reuters has not verified the stories , nor does it vouch for their accuracy . ) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets : Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom : +420 224 190 477 E-mail : prague.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com ( $ 1 = 25.3250 Czech crowns ) ( Reporting by Prague Newsroom )
March 31 Ayala Corporation :
* AC Infrastructure Holdings , unit of co , and SM Investments submitted unsolicited proposal to the Department of Public Works and Highways
* Estimated project cost is 25 billion pesos
* Proposal to design , finance , construct , operate and maintain an elevated toll road for period of 35 years Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FILE PHOTO : A man adjusts their tie at a Pro-Brexit event to celebrate the invoking of Article 50 after Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union , in London , Britain March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
BRUSSELS Prime Minister Theresa May has triggered Britain 's withdrawal from the European Union under Article 50 of the EU treaty on Wednesday . The country should be out in two years .
Here is a timeline , based on a mixture of public information and estimations by EU sources :
THE TRIGGER
Wednesday , March 29 - Britain 's EU ambassador delivered a letter from May to European Council President Donald Tusk , confirming the plan to leave and formally launching the process , nine months after Britons voted in a referendum on June 23 .
SUMMIT , GUIDELINES , RECOMMENDATIONS
Friday , March 31 - Tusk proposed draft EU negotiating guidelines . Envoys from the 27 other member states met to study them and several said they appeared broadly acceptable to all .
April 11 - Government EU advisers -- sherpas -- from the 27 are expected to meet in Brussels to revise the guidelines . They are expected to meet again on April 24 for further revisions .
April 27 - EU affairs ministers of the 27 - the General Affairs Council or GAC - meet in Luxembourg to finalize draft .
Saturday , April 29 - EU27 leaders meet in Brussels to approve the final guidelines and mandate Frenchman Michel Barnier , a former European Commissioner , as chief negotiator .
Wednesday , May 3 - After May Day holiday , Barnier likely to go back to Council with their recommendations for how negotiations should be structured , seeking the governments ' approval .
DIRECTIVES
May 22 - The GAC meets , again excluding Britain , to agree legal `` negotiating directives '' to bind Barnier . This is the full mandate that will let Barnier open negotiations in Brussels .
FACE TO FACE
Early June - Finally , nearly a year after the referendum , British negotiators led by Brexit Secretary David Davis will sit down with Barnier 's EU team . Barnier reckons it will be in early June after governments sign off on their negotiating mandate .
However , `` talks about talks '' may get under way weeks earlier . Both sides can save time by fixing procedural arrangements -- who will meet whom where , speaking what language , and so on .
THE DIVORCE DEAL
Autumn 2017 - Tusk says the EU27 will review in the autumn whether `` sufficient progress '' has been made in outlining a Withdrawal Treaty for negotiators to move on to a second phase of talks to discuss a post-Brexit free trade deal . First the EU wants to settle key issues : how to calculate an exit bill for Britain 's outstanding commitments ; treatment of British and EU expats ; dealing with outstanding EU legal cases ; new borders .
TIGHT DEADLINE
Oct-Nov 2018 - Barnier 's target to finalize the Withdrawal Treaty , to give time for ratification by the European Parliament and a majority in the European Council by March 2019 .
Autumn 2018 to Spring 2019 - The Scottish government wants an independence vote once the terms of a Brexit deal are clear . But , May has rejected the call for a new Scottish referendum until after Britain leaves the EU .
B-DAY
Friday , March 29 , 2019 - Barring surprises , Britain leaves at midnight , at the end of the last business day of the quarter .
A PERIOD OF TRANSITION
May and EU leaders say transitional arrangements may well be needed , to allow more time to agree a future trade deal and give people and businesses time to adjust to the divorce . Many see another two to five years after Brexit for a final settlement .
If Scotland votes for independence , expect more years to negotiate its split from London and possible re-entry to the EU .
( Reporting by Alastair Macdonald )
CARACAS Stung by rebukes around Latin America over its democratic credentials , Venezuela 's socialist government condemned on Thursday a `` right-wing regional pact '' against it .
`` We reject the Peruvian government 's rude support for the violent and extremist sectors in Venezuela , '' Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez said in a series of tweets aimed at countries criticizing a move to annul the opposition-led congress .
( Reporting by Girish Gupta ; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
April 20 Pernod Ricard Chief Financial Officer Gilles Bogaert tells Reuters by phone :
* Hopes Indian sales should be close to being stable in full year 2016/17Keeps mid-term goal to stabilise Absolut voadka sales in U.S .
* Reiterates mid-term goal to grow group sales by 4-5 percent Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Dominique Vidalon )
April 10 Zhuhai Orbita Control Engineering Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 97.1 percent to 116.8 percent , or to be 20 million yuan to 22 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 10.1 million yuan
* Says newly merged units ' performance consolidated in the financial statements as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/os5ZSb
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
* Treason case to be dropped in public interest
* Deal brokered by Commonwealth Secretary General Scotland
* Move to facilitate dialogue between Lungu , Hichilema ( Adds opposition party unaware of Hichilema deal )
By Chris Mfula
LUSAKA , Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - Zambia plans to drop treason charges against the country 's main opposition leader and free them from prison on Monday under a deal brokered by the Commonwealth secretary-general , government and legal sources told Reuters .
The United Party for National Development ( UPND ) leader Hakainde Hichilema and five others were arrested in April and charged with treason after Hichilema 's convoy failed to make way for President Edgar Lungu 's motorcade .
Hichilema 's trial had been due to begin on Monday but two sources said the prosecution would apply to the court to discontinue the case .
The case has stoked political tensions in Zambia , seen as one of Africa 's more stable and functional democracies , following a bruising election last year .
Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland visited Zambia last week and told reporters they had met Lungu and Hichilema separately and that the two leaders had agreed to a process of dialogue facilitated by their office .
`` That process of dialogue , which the Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Patricia Scotland is leading with the help of Catholic bishops , starts with the release of the opposition leader from prison , '' a government source told Reuters on Sunday , referring to local religious leaders .
`` The state will discontinue the treason case in the public interest as both the opposition leader and the head of state are committed to burying their past and starting dialogue envisaged to help address some of the issues the opposition raised after the 2016 elections so that the 2021 elections are better held . ''
A spokesperson for the UPND said the party was unaware of any plan to release Hichilema .
`` We do n't have anything on that . We are not privy to the agreement that was entered into between the two leaders and therefore can only wait for tomorrow , '' UPND spokesperson Charles Kakoma said .
The government source said Lungu is committed to all aspects of the dialogue agreed between the president and the opposition leader , which include promoting peace , stability and public good .
`` An overt act serious enough to warrant prosecution exists but the public interest seems to be the overriding consideration , so a nolle prosequi will be entered , '' a public prosecutor told Reuters , using the legal term for the discharge of a case .
The southern African country has always been relatively stable but relations between the government and the opposition have been fraught since August when Lungu 's Patriotic Front ( PF ) beat the UPND in a presidential election marred by violence and which the opposition says was rigged .
It was the second time that Lungu beat Hichilema , an economist and business person popularly known by their initials `` HH '' , in a presidential election by a razor-thin margin .
In June , church leaders including those from the influential Catholic church , called for Hichilema 's release .
Last month Lungu invoked emergency powers to deal with `` acts of sabotage '' by their political opponents , after fire gutted the country 's biggest market .
Under emergency laws , police can prohibit public meetings , detain suspects longer than usual , search without a warrant , close roads , impose curfews and restrict certain people 's movements .
The UPND has said Lungu 's use of emergency powers was unnecessary and was a ploy to make it easier for police to arrest its supporters .
On Thursday , police freed another opposition leader , United Progressive Party leader Saviour Chishimba , after holding them in detention for a week on accusations of defaming Lungu , an offence that carries a maximum five-year prison term .
Chishimba hit the headlines in July after criticizing Lungu 's decision to impose emergency powers and suggesting the president should go to hospital for mental tests .
When they invoked the emergency powers , Lungu said the measure would safeguard investments in the country , which is Africa 's second-biggest copper producer and is currently in talks with the International Monetary Fund over a financial aid package . The president said the IMF was free to terminate the negotiations if it considered their actions were wrong . ( Writing by James Macharia ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
ABOVE PHOTO : Dave Chapelle ( Photo : shutterstock )
By Mesfin Fekadu
associated press
NEW YORK — As Dave Chappelle reflects on spending 30 years in comedy , they say he 's grateful and humble to still be living their dreams onstage .
“ In all honesty , I mostly feel grateful that I survived it , and that I 'm able to still do it , and that I have the respect of my peers , ” the 43-year-old said in an interview Friday night following a show at Radio City Music Hall , where they were joined by The Roots , Dead Prez and T.I .
Chappelle 's residency at the venue in New York kicked off this week , and included guest performers such as Lil Wayne , Usher , Ice Cube and others . Saturday and Sunday 's shows were to feature Chris Rock , while Trevor Noah , John Mayer , Lauryn Hill , Leslie Jones , Chance the Rapper , Solange , Childish Gambino , Erykah Badu and more were scheduled for upcoming performances .
“ Not to tip my hand , but the next couple nights are probably one of the most expensive comedy shows ever done , and everybody 's working under the fee , everybody 's works under their fee just so we can be together in this room , ” Chappelle said . “ It means a lot of to me . ”
Darren Pfeffer , the executive vice president of MSG Live , called the 16 shows “ unique ” and said the company “ is thrilled to have them at Radio City for the month of August . ”
Chappelle – who received some criticism about their jokes about transgender men and women during the new shows and on their Netflix special – talks about their residency , sensitive jokes and more in an interview with The Associated Press .
AP : How does it feel to celebrate 30 years in comedy ?
Chappelle : What 's funny about it is my son , my youngest son , is as old now as I was when I started ( at 14 ) , and looking at them makes me understand how crazy that was to start at that age , even though at the time it felt very natural . … People general ( ly ) like me – they 're always going to be people that do n't like me – but it does n't matter , enough people like me that I can make a living this way . After I left my television show , I did n't know that I would ever , I did n't think anything , that was a real tough lump I took . I ca n't explain to people what the emotional content of those decisions were like .
And what 's beautiful about it is , a guy will go through something sometimes in show business and the people will get away from him . Certain people , especially people like Ahmir ( Questlove ) and The Roots and all these other guys , they 're always still included and it was always a little more familiar , and it meant a lot to me . Even a guy like Usher , I remember Usher one time , I was at a bar and they brought me out to a birthday party another celebrity was having ; it was just nice to be included without having to be hot . It was just warm .
These types of memories I 'm grateful for and I 'm old enough to understand to be grateful for ( it ) . I do n't take any of this ( stuff ) for granted , none of it . So there 's a lot of , being a public person , that I personally find terrifying , and I do n't really get locked into an existence of being hot or not , but night 's like tonight , it 's a breath of fresh air . Just to see that everyone 's OK ; Jay-Z 's making a record and he 's damn near 50 and it 's relevant . And we 're all working .
AP : I have n't been to a show before where they 've locked up your phone .
Chappelle : There 's no phones or anything . If there were phones and people were posting stuff , you could get likes and maybe get followers , but if no one has a phone , that 's how you become a legend . … Comedy relies on the element of surprise and any part of a show taken out of the context of the show could sound – well it all sounds crazy anyway – it would sound way crazier . And it empowers me to be more courageous with the audience … which is all I 'm really concerned with ‘ cause they came out .
AP : The world is very sensitive right now , and I 'm wondering if you take that into consideration when you 're writing jokes . Are you altering jokes to satisfy people ?
Chappelle : This is a hard question to answer . No , it does n't alter it . I feel like our ears are calibrated a certain way for a reason right now , and different people are sensitive to different things . I think the only way we got a shot at being cohesive and hearing each other is if we speak more freely . And I feel like there are things happening in culture that are making the audience a more discerning audience out of necessity . Mainly the fact that we 're so bombarded with so much information that we have to be more sophisticated to sift through it all . If you have presidents just dismissing things like , ‘ That 's just fake news ' – Jesus Christ , it 's really serious out here . So people have to learn how to critically think and they also have to learn how to objectively listen , and that 's hard . And then there are these phrases they got now , what do they call it ? Identity politics . But ( stuff ) is what it is . And the core of it from my perspective is everybody 's trying to be happy and feel good and get through what seems to be an increasingly difficult life . Not difficult like we 're lifting heavy things , we do n't lift heavy ( stuff ) , we do n't do that anymore , but all our heavy lifting is psychological , emotional , and there are some things that are happening that I look at as encouraging that the conversation will elevate . We 'll become a more soulful nation .
AP : You do n't do lots of interviews , so what is it that you want to say to people out there ?
Chappelle : I always get nervous addressing people outside the context of jokes , but I do feel grateful . Not just because people come out ( to see my shows ) , but there 's a certain way people engage with me , it makes me feel like there 's an acknowledgment that I 'm a person . And they do n't expect me to be perfect , which is a relief because I am not . It 's a real valuable relationship … and I know everything I say is not for everybody . When I 'm right , I 'm right , and when I 'm wrong , forgive me . And again , it 's not church – if you want to hear somebody be right all the time go to church , if you want to laugh at ( stuff ) that terrifies you , go to a comedy club . And that 's how I feel .
JOHANNESBURG Drought conditions associated with an El Nino weather pattern are likely to reoccur in a few months time , the South African government said on Thursday .
`` Recurrence of El Niño drought conditions likely ... The next summer season has increased the likelihood for the development of El Nino conditions which are often associated with drought and water scarcity as seen recently in South Africa , '' the government said in a statement .
The previous El Nino , which faded in May of last year , brought widespread drought to southern Africa , hitting crop production and fuelling inflation across the region while leaving millions in need of food aid .
South Africa 's weather service and global forecasters have predicted that El Nino will form again in the southern hemisphere winter or spring , which falls between July and September .
`` The likelihood has increased from previous assessments and as we near the winter period , these forecasts improve in reliability , '' the government said .
It said the issue had been raised at a meeting on Wednesday of the National Disaster Management Advisory Forum ( NDMAF ) , which coordinates the government 's response to such events . The forum will meet again on May 11 .
If El Nino does return between July or September , it would be the first time it reformed so quickly since the mid-1960s .
El Nino is a warming of ocean surface temperatures in the eastern and central Pacific that occurs every few years , with global consequences . In Africa it often brings excessive rains to the east while the southern cone gets parched .
( Reporting by Ed Stoddard ; Editing by Susan Fenton and David Evans )
April 20 Unilever Plc
* Interview-Unilever cfo says q1 results helped by business units sticking to `` business as usual '' during review
* Interview-Unilever cfo says seeing positive signs in the economy overall
* Interview-Unilever cfo says thinks seeing a `` bottoming out '' of currency devaluations in key emerging markets
* Interview-Unilever cfo says always lag between economic fundamentals and consumer demand , but encouraged
* Interview-Unilever cfo says performance in second half of 2017 should be better than first half
* Interview-Unilever cfo declines to comment on interest in reckitt benckiser 's food business
* Unilever cfo says it 's a relief to be able to `` engage wholeheartedly '' with private equity community on spreads
* Unilever cfo says has n't started inviting interest , but hopes to have a mix of financial , strategic bidders Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Martinne Geller )
Tottenham Hotspur have been given an extension until April 30 to decide whether they will play their home fixtures at Wembley Stadium next season , the Premier League club said on Friday .
Tottenham 's current stadium is to be demolished at the end of the season as a new one is being constructed but chairperson Daniel Levy said on Thursday the club might stay at White Hart Lane for longer than expected .
Spurs have reached agreement with Wembley National Stadium Limited ( WNSL ) for an extension .
`` We shall be carefully monitoring the progress of the construction programme and public sector infrastructure delivery . '' the club said on their website ( www.tottenhamhotspur.com ) .
`` Our intention remains to spend next season at the national stadium before returning to our new stadium in Tottenham for the 2018/19 season . ''
Tottenham have received approval from Brent Council to play 27 games at Wembley next season .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru , editing by Ed Osmond )
OSLO Norway 's greenhouse gas emissions will fall to around 1990 levels by 2020 , the government said on Wednesday , far from original goals of deep cuts for an economy struggling with high emissions from oil and gas .
Prime Minister Erna Solberg said revised projections showed progress in curbing emissions since their right-wing government came to power in 2013 , aided by a faster than expected shift to electric cars in the Nordic nation .
`` Updated emissions forecasts show for the first time a decline towards 2020 , '' the government said in a statement about changes since it took office .
Norway 's greenhouse gas emissions were 53.9 million tonnes in 2015 and the finance ministry forecast a decline to around 1990 levels of 51.7 million by 2020 . It said that was five million tonnes less than it previously expected .
Still , the projected fall is far from Norway 's pledge as part of an international accord at a Copenhagen summit in 2009 to cut emissions by at least 30 percent by 2020 from 1990 levels , the benchmark year for global action .
At that time , Oslo left open an option for making cuts by helping to develop nations to reduce their emissions , but did not spell out that none of the cuts would be achieved at home .
Norway has been the most generous developed nation in providing aid to help to emerge nations to combat deforestation , a major source of carbon dioxide , with projects of $ 1 billion each for Brazil and Indonesia .
Under the 2015 Paris Agreement , Norway plans to cut emissions by at least 40 percent from 1990 levels by 2030 , matching targets by the European Union . It reaffirmed the goal despite back-tracking by U.S. President Donald Trump
Some environmentalists said Solberg was simply juggling figures to give an impression of progress .
Nina Jensen , of the WWF conservation group , said the government was putting off promised curbs until 2030 . `` That 's nothing to boast about , Erna ? '' they asked Solberg in a tweet .
( Reporting By Alister Doyle , editing by David Evans )
U.S. Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Porter conducts strike operations against Syria while in the Mediterranean Sea . Ford Williams/Courtesy U.S. Navy
COLOGNE , Germany U.S. Navy Admiral Michelle Howard said on Saturday U.S. cruise missile strikes on an air base in Syria had destroyed the means to deliver chemical weapons from that base , and the U.S. military remained ready to carry out further strikes if needed .
Howard , the four-star officer who leads U.S . Naval Forces in Europe and Africa , told Reuters the United States had decided to launch the strikes after the United Nations failed to pass a resolution condemning a deadly chemical weapon attack that killed scores of people in rebel-held Khan Sheikhoun .
Washington has blamed the Syrian government for the attack on Tuesday . The Syrian government has strongly denied responsibility and blamed the deaths on leaks from a rebel chemical arms store it says was hit by a Syrian air strike .
`` We conducted strikes against an air field which was the means by which the chemicals were launched into the air . Those means do n't exist now , '' Howard said in an interview during a missile defence event in Cologne .
`` We saw the misuse of chemical weapons and said , 'OK , we need to send a very clear message ' '' .
Asked about the U.S. military 's plan for how to deal with any potential further attacks , Howard said the military was ready to respond if other civilian options failed .
`` As the civilian leadership works through what their options are , if other options do n't pan out , then it 's generally the military that gets asked to do something . ''
Howard declined to give any details about the flight path of the missiles , or the U.S. military assessment of the damage caused , but said they were confident the strikes had hit their intended target .
`` The intention was to take out the airfield and to remove the means of the delivery of chemical weapons . I feel that was accomplished , '' they said .
The cruise missiles were launched by two ships in the European region , the USS Porter and the USS Ross , in close coordination with U.S. Central Command , which is responsible for the Middle East .
Howard lauded the quick action taken by the commanders and crews of the two ships in response to the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian regime .
Howard said the integration of the strikes was `` flawless '' and showed the ability of the U.S. Navy to project power around the world .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal , editing by David Evans )
April 28G-bits Network Technology Xiamen Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 4.1 yuan per share ( before tax ) to shareholders of record on May 4 , for FY 2016
* The company 's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 5 and the dividend will be paid on May 5
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/xjk50k
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
In Germany this year , the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation . Today , as the number of churchgoers dwindles , the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person .
In the eastern city of Magdeburg , the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine .
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon , most fumble around in handbags and pockets , looking for their cellphones .
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening , these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books .
This is a Twitter service , where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online .
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it 's an experiment . They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers , even in today 's increasingly secular society .
`` There are lots of people who live online , '' they say . `` We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that 's comfortable to them . ''
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern , a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon . Above them , a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which , in real time , shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany .
`` Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers , '' Reimann says . `` So if you use social media , it 's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church , but Christians communicating among each other . ''
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on , embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants .
Five-hundred years ago , when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church , it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to `` go viral . ''
Luther 's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets . Cheap to produce and easy to distribute , these pamphlets fostered public debate .
Ulrike Zitzlsperger , a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England , says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther 's day .
`` I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong , '' Zitzlsperger says . `` You 've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public , the lay people . Everybody has a say . ''
Luther 's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own . These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy .
Today though , it 's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe .
Back in Magdeburg , the Twitter service is in full swing . Messages from around Germany , where dozens of others participated , are displayed on the church 's interactive screen in front of the altar .
Some posts are encouraging , like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German , `` We all make mistakes . God will show us the right way . ''
Some users share their private prayers , like one who posts : `` I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health . ''
Other users are less convinced . `` Sorry , this is too hectic , '' one writes . `` I go to church to find inner peace . I 'm signing off . ''
It 's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner , who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over . Brunner does n't own a smartphone , so they feel somewhat left out .
`` It was certainly interesting , but it 's not my cup of tea '' Brunner admits . `` I 'm a little old for Twitter . I prefer a proper service , when we get to sing hymns . ''
While Brunner says she 's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout , regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet .
After all , congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation .
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year .
Trying to find great deals to save money but at the same time get quality for the dime ? Take a look at our soap saver with a bar of your choice special today
Contact
Ryno Du Plessis
082 854 7927
* * * @ thesoapshack.co.za Ryno Du Plessis082 854 7927
End
-- Loosing your soap in the shower to the unforgiving slippery when wet moments ? Tired of having to bend and fetch your soap near the drain ? Why not give our Soap Saver Combo special a try . For R100 you can save yourself the endless wet nightmare and save the soap from a squishy disaster that ends up running down your drain to oblivion . This combo will give you a beautiful Soap saver made of lovely varnished wood which includes a fantastic organic brand of soap hand made with us . Each bar of soap is made with only the best Natural ingredients that does not have any preservatives included.There are many products other than our Soap Saver combo which you will love and im sure once you reach our website you will enjoy the warm and fuzzy feeling we had making it.From soap bars to bath salts to even custom made soaps such as Milk tart soaps or even Cake soaps for gifts to share with the family . It is all found here at the Soap Shack South Africa.We are soon to launch our new cleaning equipment sector and thus making it easy for you not only to find theat a great saving . Now you can find your housesat the same time . This gives you not only a pocket saving but a time saving which we all need more of in todays society.Dont be shy and come take a look . You never know ! Even if feeling the warm and fuzzy feeling is all you get out of being on our site . Then we already have accomplished something.www.thesoapshack.co.zaFacebook : https : //www.facebook.com/ TheSoapShackSA/
( Corrects typo in headline )
April 13 Allied Irish Banks Plc :
* Agreed to transfer portfolio of impaired buy-to-let loans , the vast majority of which in deep long term arrears , to Goldman Sachs
* Reduced its impaired loans to about 9 billion euros from peak of about 29 billion euros over the past three years
* Says name of portfolio being sold to Goldman Sachs is 'Project Cypress ' Further company coverage :
March 30 Orient Securities Co Ltd
* Fy total revenue and other income rmb12.24 billion versus rmb 20.46 billion
* Fy profit of the period attributable to shareholders of the company rmb2.31 billion versus rmb7.33 billion
* Cash dividend of rmb1.50 per share for every 10 shares Source text ( bit.ly/2nDyLhE ) Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
BRASILIA , March 29 Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Wednesday that the country will maintain its commitment with fiscal discipline to regain the confidence of financial markets as the country slowly emerges from of a two-year recession .
Temer 's government is expected to announce later on Wednesday a series of tax increases and a spending freeze to meet its primary budget deficit goal of 139 billion reais ( $ 44.37 billion ) . ( $ 1 = 3.1331 reais ) ( Reporting by Alonso Soto )
BRIEF-AGNC Investment 's estimated net book value of $ 21.04 per common share as of May 31 , 2017
* Agnc investment -It 's estimated net book value of $ 21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $ 19.48 per common share as of May 31 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK , June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week , dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months , Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday . Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $ 13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015 , the trade group sai
LOS ANGELES : US immigration officials said on Friday ( Saturday in Manila ) they raided 77 California businesses this week as operations intensify in the state , whose own authorities are defying President Donald Trump 's hard line on immigration by not cooperating with federal enforcement agents .
The raids took place in cities including San Francisco , Sacramento and San Jose in the north of California—a “ sanctuary state ” where , since January 1 , law enforcement has been mostly prohibited from working with federal officials seeking to arrest undocumented immigrants .
“ The actions taken this week reflect . . . stepped-up efforts to enforce the laws that prohibit businesses from hiring illegal workers , ” with a focus on “ protecting jobs for US citizens and others who are lawfully employed , ” US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) said in a statement .
In 2017 , the government carried out 1,360 similar raids and arrested more than 300 people—with businesses paying out over $ 100 million in restitution and fines , ICE said .
“ It 's put people in a lot of panic , ” Mariela Garcia , with San Jose-based charity Sacred Heart Community Service , told the local Mercury News .
“ We have people who are quitting their jobs . ”
US immigration authorities also recently adopted a policy that allows officials to enter courtrooms to arrest undocumented immigrants . Previously , courtrooms were considered “ sanctuaries ” so as to not discourage witnesses from testifying during trials .
Meanwhile last month , ICE agents carried out visible raids on around 100 7-Eleven convenience stores across the country to discourage managers from hiring undocumented workers . AFP
AFP/CC
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
GENEVA Five migrants are believed to have died when a rubber boat sank off the coast of Libya on Tuesday , aid groups said on Friday , adding that reports earlier this week that many more had been killed were wrong .
Probably still in shock after they were taken to the Italian island of Lampedusa , a 16-year-old Gambian boy told humanitarian workers on Wednesday they were the only survivor of the wreck , Cecile Pouilly , a spokesperson for the UNHCR , told reporters .
When 140 others disembarked at a different port on Thursday , several identified the boy as having been on the same boat .
`` So we have pretty good information that this tragedy did n't occur as was initially reported , '' said Joel Millman , spokesperson for the International Organization for Migration .
`` We try to be as conservative as possible and only report what we know . This was not one of those cases . ''
Some 650 migrants are estimated to have died trying to reach Europe by crossing the Mediterranean so far this year , and arrivals in Italy are up about 30 percent from the same period last year .
( Reporting by Stephanie Ullmer-Nebehay ; writing by Steve Scherer ; editing by Andrew Roche )
NEW YORK , April 5 The default rate among U.S. retailers will jump to 9 percent , equivalent to $ 6 billion worth of debt , in the next year as consumers keep gravitating to discounters and online shopping , Fitch Ratings said on Wednesday .
The rating agency 's view came the day after Payless ShoeSource filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy , raising the sector 's default rate to 1 percent from zero in March .
`` Fitch 's expectation of increasing retail defaults stems from increased discounter ( including off-price and fast-fashion apparel ) and online penetration , and shifts in consumer spending toward services and experiences , '' it said in a statement .
Payless was on Fitch 's `` loans of concern '' list due to its risk of default within 12 months .
Retailers that rely on sales from stores that stand alone or are in shopping centers have struggled , leading some traders to bet on declines in those stocks and on property bonds with heavy mall exposure , analysts said .
`` Brick-and-mortar retailers are facing increasing competition from their purely online counterparts , and this is being reflected both in decreasing sales and foot traffic , as well as lower stock prices , '' Citi analysts Anindya Basu and Calvin Vinitwatanakhun wrote in a research note on Wednesday .
The CMBX series 6 BBB- index index , which tracks one group of commercial mortgage-backed securities , has fallen about 10 points in price since late January to 87 on Wednesday due to its high exposure to shopping malls , they said .
The level of bearish bets against these securities may be overdone , as the average CMBS exposure to malls is less 10 percent , the Citi analysts said .
They instead recommend buying credit default swaps on a basket of retailers as protection against defaults . ( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
April 3 Pembina Pipeline Corp
* Pembina Pipeline Corporation announces dividend increase , $ 325 million pipeline expansion and provides updated 2018 outlook
* Pembina Pipeline Corp - Board of directors approved a 6.25 percent increase in its monthly common share dividend rate
* Expects 2018 adjusted EBITDA to range from $ 1.8 billion to $ 1.9 billion
* Pembina Pipeline Corp - Is revising its estimated capital cost savings and scope optimizations to approximately $ 275 million
* Pembina Pipeline Corp - Expects to deliver on its projection of nearly doubling 2015 adjusted EBITDA by 2018
* Pembina Pipeline - Announced $ 325 million expansion of pipeline infrastructure between Lator , Alberta and Namao , Alberta , related to phase III expansion project Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Much has been talked about the upcoming movie of the anticipated and stellar combo of Jr. NTR & Trivikram Srinivas . The movie , which has been titled as Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava , is progressing at a very brisk pace . Trivikram Srinivas , who bit the dust with their previous outing , Agnyathavaasi , seems to be all determined with the current flick in order to render a hit and Jr NTR is looking forward to continuing their positive momentum at the box office .
Release Date Of Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava
Set against the backdrop of Rayalaseema , this action based flick is expected to hit screens for the occasion of Dussehra . The festival which coincides in the month of Sept-Oct is seen as a huge window amongst the trade as the inflow of audience during the said window will be humongous . In order to cash in cool bucks , makers of big banners release their movies during the occasion , and the same is being looked out by the producers of Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava .
First Look And Its Criticism
The motion poster of the movie featuring Tarak 's bare body with well-built abs invoked happiness amongst Nandamuri fans but a section of audience criticized the look as it was alleged to be a morphed image . It was then learnt that the poster was a fan-made attempt and not from the makers of the movie .
A simple motion poster involving Tarak and Pooja Hegde with a soothing BGM from SS Thaman was released by the team . The poster however , does n't offer the feel of faction backdrop movie set against the Rayalseema backdrop .
The poster has garnered over 55K Likes clocking over 1.6 Million Views .
Cast And Crew
The movie stars Jr NTR , Pooja Hegde , Eesha Rebba and others in the lead roles . SS Thaman will be scoring music while PS Vinod will be cranking camera . Naveen Nooli is assigned the task of editing department while art direction will be driven by AS Prakash . Being bankrolled by Haarika & Haasine Creations , Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava is being written and directed by Guruji , Trivikram Srinivas .
MOSCOW Russia 's central bank cut its key interest rate on Friday for the second time this year and hinted at more cuts to come as inflation , already at a post-Soviet low , continues to fall .
The central bank reduced the key rate RUCBIR=ECI to 9.25 percent from 9.75 percent , a deeper cut than analysts and economists polled by Reuters beforehand predicted .
`` Given the decision taken and moderately tight monetary policy sustained , the Bank of Russia forecasts that annual consumer price growth will reduce to 4 pct before the end of 2017 and will remain within this target level in 2018-2019 , '' the bank said in a statement on its web site .
The central bank said it was sticking to its previous plan of making gradual rats cuts in the second and third quarters of this year .
Elvira Nabiullina , the central bank 's governor , said last week that the bank would consider cutting rates by 25 or 50 basis points .
The rouble weakened swiftly to 57.19 versus the dollar before returning to a level of 57.04 . RUBUTSTN=MCX .
Despite a slowdown in inflation to 4.2-4.3 percent in late April from levels of nearly 17 percent seen just over two years ago , the bank reiterated concerns about inflation and volatility on global markets .
When making further rate decisions , it said it would take into account its baseline scenario , which assumes a drop in oil prices to $ 40 per barrel by the end of the year .
The central bank is set to hold its next rate-setting meeting on June 16 .
( Editing by Andrew Osborn )
TAIPEI , March 30 Taiwan stocks fell on Thursday tracking Asian shares , weighed down mostly by automobile and plastics subindexes . Earlier in the day , Asian shares edged up to their highest in near two years before losing some of those early gains , while the dollar benefited from waning expectations that the European Central Bank was poised to end its easy policy . As of 0402 GMT , the main TAIEX index was down 0.19 percent at 9,837.12 , after closing down 0.2 percent in the previous session . The automobile index took the biggest hit among the sectors and slipped as much as 1.08 percent , while the plastics index declined up to 0.7 percent . Additionally , the financial subindex was also down 0.27 percent . Among actively traded shares , Taiwan 's integrated steelmaker China Steel slid as much as 0.59 percent . The Taiwan dollar softened T $ 0.034 to stand at T $ 30.319 to the U.S. dollar , distancing itself from a near 29-month high hit earlier this week . ( Reporting by Jess Macy Yu ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
When Viacom Inc 's ( VIAB.O ) Spike TV rebrands as the Paramount Network in early 2018 , the struggling media company hopes to position itself as a challenger to top-rated U.S. cable networks like Comcast Corp 's ( CMCSA.O ) USA and Time Warner Inc 's ( TWX.N ) TNT with shows that have the caliber of HBO .
Viacom is heading into the upfront , when U.S. TV channels sell the bulk of their advertising inventory for the next year , seeking to turn around its fortunes under new CEO Bob Bakish . The Paramount Network will be a major part of their pitch to advertisers when Viacom begins meetings with agencies in mid-April .
On Thursday , Viacom unveiled the first look of the new network since it announced the rebranding .
Since launching in 2003 as the first network exclusively for men , Spike had been a hard sell for Viacom because the network failed to meaningfully catch on with that demographic . What Viacom has been missing is a big , broad cable network like a USA , which has been the most-watched entertainment-based U.S. cable channel the last 11 years . It hopes to fill that void with Paramount Network .
“ The level I would say of what we want to do is more of the quality of an HBO , ” Kevin Kay , president of the Paramount Network , told Reuters . However , since HBO is a subscription-based channel that does n't have to cater toward advertisers , Kay has a tightrope to walk .
“ I do n't want to be super dark and not funny , '' said Kay .
One former ad sales rep for Viacom noted that its lack of long-form dramas , a staple on most other major networks , was frustrating since it was something potential advertisers wanted .
“ They 've been too niche in their youth focus… they 've never had a USA , '' said Rino Scanzoni , executive chairperson and CEO of ad agencies Midas Exchange and Modi Media owned by WPP PLC ( WPP.L ) , who noted that Viacom was abandoned by younger audiences migrating toward digital .
Paramount plans to launch at least six new series next year , and three were announced Thursday . `` American Woman '' is based loosely on the life of reality TV star Kyle Richards ; an hour-long adaptation of the 1988 film `` Heathers '' and a six-part drama miniseries `` Waco . ''
The new channel will also mine film studio Paramount Pictures , which is undertaking its own turnaround under new chief Jim Gianopulos , for movies to turn into TV shows . An adaptation of “ First Wives Club ” is in development .
With shows like “ Lip Sync Battle , ” which was renewed for a fourth season , Spike had already pushed away from its original branding , but Kay added that the name Spike was still a barrier for female viewers . “ The switch to Paramount solves that problem . ”
As advertisers wade through the clutter of the “ Peak TV ” era , buyers are paying more attention to the overall strategy and brand of a network instead of trying to find the next hit TV show .
“ Even with the big networks like the USA , TNTs and TBS 's of the world , they 're still all about something , ” said Amy Ginsberg , Chief Investment Officer at Horizon Media 's Canvas Worldwide , on the need for Paramount shows to have a theme that identifies them with the network .
( Additional Reporting by Jessica Toonkel ; Editing by Anna Driver and Andrew Hay )
After the tragic events in Las Vegas many are wondering how they can help .
The National Compassion Fund is managed by The National Center for Victims of Crime . You can donate at nationalcompassionfund.org or text Vegas to 20222 to donate $ 10 to the National Compassion Fund . 100 % of the funds received through the National Compassion Fund will be distributed directly to victims and their families in Las Vegas .
More information on the National Compassion Fund can be found at http : //nationalcompassionfund.org/faq/ .
For other ways to help including blood donations , food donations and more please visit our sister station in Las Vegas HERE and keep up on all the latest develops at lasvegas.cbslocal.com .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
* Live cattle finishes weaker * Feeder cattle closes lower By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO , April 3 Chicago Mercantile Exchange lean hog futures fell on Monday , pressured by concerns that the seasonal bump in supplies might further hurt cash prices and curb retail pork buying , said traders . They said sell stops and fund liquidation hastened hog market losses . April hogs ended 0.875 cent per pound lower at 64.800 cents , and below the 200-day moving average of 65.410 cents . May be finished down 0.450 cent to 69.400 cents . Packers are expected to cut back Saturday kills to protect their margins and in anticipation of possible easing product demand through the Easter holiday , said Hehmeyer Trading + Investments senior hog futures trader Tom Cawthorne . Slaughter-ready , or cash , hog prices have declined over the past seven sessions as supplies grow seasonally . Monday afternoon 's average cash hog price in Iowa/Minnesota at $ 62.19 per cwt slipped 19 cents from Friday , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . USDA estimated that packers on Monday processed 443,000 hogs , up 2,000 from last week and 9,000 more than a year earlier . Separate U.S. government data on Monday afternoon showed the average U.S. wholesale pork price 49 cents per cwt higher than on Tuesday at $ 75.89 . Monday 's average pork packer margins were a positive $ 21.55 per head , up from a positive $ 19.75 for Friday , as calculated by HedgersEdge.com . CATTLE FUTURES END LOWER CME nearby live cattle contracts finished weaker after investors sold April futures and simultaneously bought deferred months in anticipation of softer cash prices this week , said traders . April live cattle closed 0.525 cent per pound lower at 119.425 cents , and June down 0.175 cent to 110.700 cents . Processors may avoid bidding up for cattle after margins slipped into the red , a trader said . Grocers are not buying large amounts of beef knowing cattle numbers will soon pick up seasonally , they said . Monday afternoon 's average wholesale beef price was 69 cents per cwt lower than on Friday at $ 213.43 . Select cuts fell $ 2.65 to $ 201.35 , the USDA said . Last week most market-ready , or cash , cattle in the U.S. Plains fetched $ 128 to $ 130 per cwt versus $ 130 to $ 134.50 in the previous week . Profit-taking , softer front-month live cattle futures and $ 1 to $ 3 per cwt lower cash feeder cattle prices pulled down CME feeder cattle contracts . April feeder cattle closed 0.875 cent per pound lower at 133.075 cents . ( Reporting by Theopolis Waters ; editing by Diane Craft )
April 5 Immofinanz :
* Agreement in principle to settle the legal proceedings over the review of the exchange ratio applied to the merger of Immoeast and Immofinanz
* Compensation payment would amount to approx . eur 54 million in total ( based on a share price of eur 1.80 )
* Shares would be issued primarily from treasury shares held by company , and remainder would represent new shares issued from previously authorised capital
* Agreement calls for a compensation payment to former Immoeast shareholders through issue of 30,019,578 additional Immofinanz shares at a ratio of 0.088 shares of Immofinanz AG for each former Immoeast share Further company coverage :
April 3 Russia 's holding company Sistema says :
* Q4 2016 net loss attributable to Sistema at 15.9 billion roubles ( $ 283.90 million ) vs 18.4 bln roubles in Q4 2015 ;
* Q4 adjusted net loss attributable to Sistema at 6.2 billion roubles ( Q4 2015 : 10 bln roubles ) ;
* Q4 adjusted OIBDA at 40.7 billion roubles , up 14.8 percent year on year ;
* Q4 revenue at 186.7 billion roubles , up 1.6 pct y/y ;
* Net debt at the Corporate Centre level amounted to 83.5 billion roubles as of Dec. 31 , 2016 . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 56.0050 roubles ) ( Reporting By Moscow Newsroom )
SINGAPORE , March 28 Citigroup Inc will seek bids from global insurers keen to sell general insurance products across the bank 's Asia-Pacific markets , underscoring moves by banks to monetise their network of branches and customer base as demand for insurance grows in the region , a person with knowledge of the matter told Reuters .
The multi-year , bancassurance deal for products such as motor , property and travel insurance , will be one of the largest of its kind in the region , and give insurers access to 15 million customers of Citibank in 12 markets including Singapore , Hong Kong , China , India and Australia .
Citi will kick off the process for the 15-year deal in a few days , said the person who declined to be identified as the information was not public . The transaction could be worth at least $ 500 million , the person said .
The exact value of the deal will depend on various issues including how bidders structure upfront payments and calculate net present value of future commissions and deferred payments , the person said .
A spokesperson at Citi declined comment . ( Reporting by Anshuman Daga )
BRIEF- Showcase- TV to buy GALAXY for 140 mln yen
* Says it will acquire 100 percent stake in GALAXY Inc , which is engaged in on-demand publishing business and media business , for 140 million yen
May 3 Borgosesia SpA in liquidazione :
* Said on Tuesday that it subscribed to the whole share capital of Kronos SpA , amounting to 50,000 euros ( $ 54,560.00 )
* To transfer in favour of Kronos , once the restructuring plan is approved , the company of the parent company in order to liquidate all the components of the parent company
Source text : bit.ly/2p7z7vp
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9164 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
WASHINGTON , April 5 Prospects faded on Wednesday for quick Obamacare repeal and replacement legislation in the U.S. Congress as a renewed effort by the White House could not end infighting by Republican lawmakers over healthcare policy .
One outside conservative group said progress on a healthcare bill had `` stalled '' in talks between Republican conservatives and moderates , who had hoped to patch up differences this week .
Heritage Action Chief Executive Mike Needham told reporters their group was even looking at ways to target House moderates known as the Tuesday Group , with attack ads in their districts and other tactics .
Republicans have been railing against President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act since its enactment in 2010 . On Tuesday , some Republican lawmakers expressed hope the Trump White House would unveil a healthcare bill , and some conservatives said a vote by the full House was possible this week .
The legislation has not yet emerged , despite intensive talks with Republican lawmakers led by Vice President Mike Pence . A House Republican leadership aide said on Wednesday that plans remained on track for the divided chamber to begin a more than two-week recess by mid-afternoon on Thursday .
Representative Mark Meadows , chairperson of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus , late on Tuesday said , `` There 's a concern on my part that if we 're making real progress , that going home sends the wrong message . ''
Without a breakthrough by week 's end , it will be the second time in about two weeks that the White House and House Republicans have fallen short on healthcare .
Still , the negotiations will allow lawmakers to return to their home districts and tell voters they are trying to deliver on a campaign promise that helped them win election .
In an interview with Axios and NBC television , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Republicans will produce a healthcare bill , but did not provide a timetable .
Late on Tuesday , following a long , closed-door meeting with House Republicans , Pence told reporters there was `` good talk , good progress '' toward a bill . They did not elaborate .
Republican lawmakers have described the current effort as focusing on maintaining Obamacare 's list of essential health benefits , such as mental health coverage and maternity care . But states could apply for waivers if they demonstrated that would improve coverage and reduce costs .
There were discussions of a new provision to create a `` backstop '' so people with chronic illnesses in high-risk insurance pools do not see their premiums spike if major portions of Obamacare are repealed . ( Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb and David Morgan , Writing By Richard Cowan ; Editing by David Gregorio )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The 2016 Masters champion Danny Willett is gazed upon by young golfers as they wait to present trophies to the winners of the Drive , Pitch and Putt National Finals at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA , Georgia Danny Willett is hoping to slip under the radar once again as they bid to retain the U.S. Masters title following their dramatic and surprising victory at Augusta last year .
While American Dustin Johnson surged to the top of the world rankings and Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama enjoyed a good run of form before recent struggles , Willett has experienced a quiet start to the year .
`` We might be able to slip under the radar , which would be quite nice and hopefully let the result take its course , '' the 29-year-old Briton told reporters .
`` There 's obviously going to be a few commitments and stuff through the week but in terms of going under the radar , I think it will probably be very similar to last year , even as defending champion . ''
Willett has not won a tournament since slipping on the Green Jacket 12 months ago a few weeks after winning the Dubai Desert Classic . Their best recent results were sixth at the Hong Kong Open in December and fifth in the Maybank Championship in February .
`` The game is not far away , '' the world number 17 said .
`` Our run of form obviously has been nowhere near what it was last year and nowhere near what some of the other guys are playing . ''
Willett shot a bogey-free final-round 67 to win last year 's Masters by three shots , taking advantage of a spectacular meltdown by American Jordan Spieth who made a quadruple-bogey on the 12th hole .
Spieth took partial revenge at the Ryder Cup as the United States beat a European team including Willett but the pair have never discussed the Masters .
`` Obviously , it would n't be in my nature to bring it up , '' Willett said .
`` I 'm pretty sure it was a very difficult time for him . They really are one of the classiest guys out there , especially at their age , it 's quite astounding in terms of how well they took it . ''
Willett admitted they struggled to maintain their form last year as they coped with the extra demands of being a major champion .
`` Toward the back end of the season the game was n't where I wanted it to be , '' they said .
`` Being tired means you can get frustrated a little bit easier and that leads you to hit more balls and practise harder and in actual fact all that does at times is make you more tired . ''
Willett was unable to take the six-week break they had planned .
`` We had a lot of things to do when we got back from Augusta , '' they said . `` Then we played in the Olympics and we were in the Ryder Cup and we ended up playing about 32 events last year . ''
Now fully refreshed , they can not wait to return to the scene of their greatest triumph .
`` I 'm pretty sure that as I get even within the area of Augusta , there 's going to be a big Cheshire smile on my face , '' Willett said .
`` I 'm going to be able to slip my shoes on in the champions locker room upstairs and to be able to go back to Augusta National and defend your first major is going to be something pretty special . ''
( Editing by Frank Pingue )
* China buyers cancel two late-April loading cargoes - sources
* A third cargo may also be cancelled soon - source
* Interest for May loading cargoes dwindles - refining source ( Adds analyst , Sinopec comment , teapot reaction )
By Jessica Jaganathan
SINGAPORE/BEIJING , April 6 Traders in North Asia are rushing to cancel loadings of a range of oil products for sale to China , ahead of a planned Chinese consumption tax that will make the trade uneconomic .
At least two light cycle oil ( LCO ) cargoes have been cancelled for late April loading from South Korea ahead of the planned tax on the refinery by-product , two sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday . They declined to be named as they were not authorised to speak with the media .
The cargoes were purchased by Chinese companies who have in turn cancelled their requirement , one of the sources said , adding that another Chinese oil trader is trying to cancel a third cargo .
Interest for May-loading LCO cargoes has also disappeared , a Japanese refining source said .
A senior source with a Shandong-based independent refiner said their company has held off booking new cargoes beyond a 40,000-tonne parcel of mixed aromatics for late April arrival .
China plans to impose consumption taxes on oil by-products such as mixed aromatics , light cycle oil and bitumen blend , sources with knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday . The plan will likely squeeze the margins of the independent refiners . The combined imports of these products are estimated at 20 million tonnes a year .
The move will close a loophole that allowed Chinese buyers to import light cycle oil , then sell it locally as low-grade diesel , avoiding import taxes that would normally be levied on diesel .
`` Demand for these products have in recent years been distorted because of exemptions from consumption tax , '' said Seng-Yick Tee , an analyst with consultancy SIA Energy .
A consumption tax of 1,400 yuan ( $ 203 ) per tonne could be levied for LCO , the sources said on Wednesday , with traders expecting the tax in May or June .
The Chinese government has considered the taxes since 2012 but was more determined this time as imports of these products rose and ate into the market share of state-owned companies like Sinopec Corp , said senior Beijing-based traders and oil company officials .
The tax advantages of LCO have led refiners to maximise production over other fuels , the two sources with knowledge of the South Korean cargoes said .
LCO was selling at a premium to Korea gasoil prices of about $ 6 a barrel on a free-on-board ( FOB ) Korea basis at its peak earlier this year , which in turn attracted cargoes from as far away as Europe , traders said .
The premium for LCO has since dropped to about $ 2 to $ 3 a barrel , but volumes of the fuel into China have soared .
Imports of LCO into China rose to as much as 600,000 tonnes a month by March from 350,000 tonnes a month last year , two traders familiar with the market said .
( $ 1 = 6.8990 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Jessica Jaganathan in SINGAPORE , Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng in BEIJING ; Editing by Richard Pullin and Christian Schmollinger )
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK $ 7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
Britain Soccer Football - Southampton v Manchester City - Premier League - St Mary 's Stadium - 15/4/17 Manchester City 's Sergio Aguero celebrates scoring their third goal with Vincent Kompany Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Southampton v Manchester City - Premier League - St Mary 's Stadium - 15/4/17 Manchester City 's Leroy Sané celebrates scoring their second goal with Kevin De Bruyne Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Southampton v Manchester City - Premier League - St Mary 's Stadium - 15/4/17 Southampton manager Claude Puel after the match with Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Vincent Kompany was among the scorers as Manchester City beat Southampton 3-0 to climb above Liverpool into third in the Premier League on Saturday .
After an entertaining yet goalless first half , City 's captain Kompany headed home their first league goal since August 2015 following two injury-ravaged seasons in the 55th minute .
City 's array of attacking talents had been well-marshalled by Southampton until Leroy Sané , unlucky to have a first-half penalty appeal waved away , converted Kevin de Bruyne 's pass to finish a superb counter attack in the 77th minute .
Sergio Aguero headed home a third three minutes later to seal an impressive away win for Pep Guardiola 's side .
With six games remaining City have 64 points , one more than fourth-placed Liverpool , who visit West Bromwich Albion on Sunday . Southampton , meanwhile , sit safely in mid-table with 40 points from 31 games .
( Reporting By Tom Hayward ; Editing by Toby Davis )
FILE PHOTO : A view of the Goldman Sachs stall on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York , U.S. , July 16 , 2013 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK A federal judge on Wednesday rejected Goldman Sachs Group Inc 's ( GS.N ) bid to dismiss two of the four female plaintiffs in a proposed class-action lawsuit accusing the bank of discriminating against women in pay and promotions .
U.S. District Judge Analisa Torres in Manhattan said former vice president Mary De Luis ' claims did not become moot when they resigned last May , after the bank allegedly retaliated for their role in the case by refusing to allow a transfer to Miami from Dallas unless they accepted a demotion .
The judge also said another ex-employee , former vice president Allison Gamba , had standing to pursue their claims even after Goldman left them without a job in August 2014 when it `` divested itself '' of their department .
Torres said a judge who previously oversaw the 6-1/2-year-old lawsuit misinterpreted a 2011 U.S. Supreme Court decision , Wal-Mart Stores Inc v. Dukes , in finding that former employees like De Luis and Gamba who sought `` reinstatement '' could not sue .
In an email , Goldman said it was `` examining the implications of the latest ruling and will continue to contest this matter vigorously . ''
The plaintiffs accused Goldman of systematically paying women less than men , and giving them weaker performance reviews that impeded their career growth .
Their lawsuit , which began in September 2010 , also included allegations that Goldman maintained a `` boys ' club atmosphere . ''
This included the use of sexual language , unwanted touching and subjecting women to the `` double-edged sword '' of being expected to socialize after work with colleagues to advance their careers , it said , but risk being labeled `` party girls '' if they did .
The other named plaintiffs include former Goldman employees Cristina Chen-Oster and Shanna Orlich , who were a vice president and associate , respectively . A fifth plaintiff agreed to arbitration .
Torres `` brought consistency to how the Southern District of New York interprets standing , '' Kelly Dermody , a lawyer for the plaintiffs , said in an interview , referring to the Manhattan court . `` This had been a big stopping point in the case and all four plaintiffs can seek class-action status . ''
Class-action certification could let thousands of women sue together , raising the potential for larger awards without excessive legal costs .
The case is Chen-Oster et al v. Goldman Sachs & Co et al , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , No . 10-06950 .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York , editing by G Crosse )
April 28 FIFA audit and compliance committee member Richard Lai was provisionally suspended by the chairperson of the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) Disciplinary and Ethics Committee on Friday after the Guam official pleaded guilty to charges of fraud .
Lai , who has been president of the Guam Football Association since 2001 , pleaded guilty to charges that they took close to $ 1 million in bribes in exchange for using their influence within the FIFA and agreed to pay $ 1.1 million as part of the plea .
`` The Chairman ... has provisionally suspended Richard Lai from football with immediate effect under the AFC 's Disciplinary and Ethics Code following Mr Lai 's guilty plea to charges relating to fraud at a court appearance in Brooklyn , New York on Thursday evening , '' the confederation said in a statement .
`` The AFC will make no further comment until the investigation process is completed , '' it added . ( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
DUBAI , April 30 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday . Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy .
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Equities slip after weak U.S. GDP ; euro strengthens
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Saudi banks strong in light of brewing changes in industry ; region subdued
* Oil settles slightly higher but posts weekly decline
* PRECIOUS-Gold firms as dollar , stocks retreat , but still eyes weekly loss
* Turkey fires 3,900 in second post-referendum purge
* Eight Syria Civil Defence workers killed in air strike- statement
* U.S. service member killed in blast near Mosul , Iraq
* Rouhani warns voters to prevent `` extremism '' returning to Iran
* Iran gets positive output cut signals from OPEC , NON-OPEC states
* Tunisia military to protect southern oil , gas fields - ministry
* Pope , at Cairo Mass , urges unity against fanaticism
* Saudi Arabia 's Energy Minister says Central Asia in agreement over oil markets
* Turkish military says kills 14 Kurdish militants in northern Iraq
* Russia 's Lavrov says ready to cooperate with U.S. on Syria - agencies
* Islamic State claims car bombing in Baghdad , 4 police killed
* Possible $ 440 mln sale to Israel of naval guns approved -Pentagon
* Hardliners attack Iran 's Rouhani over economy in election debate
* Libyan wealth fund trial against SocGen to start in UK court
* Turkey 's Erdoğan will tell Trump Turkey could help retake Raqqa
* EXCLUSIVE-Trump complains Saudis not paying fair share for U.S. defense
* Iraq sells its first Basra Light crude cargo via DME
* Saudi minister : Global oil demand seen as higher in H2
* Saudi minister : Russia 's contribution to oil cuts deal in April was good
* Highlights of Reuters interview with Trump
* In Yemen conflict , a window into deepening U.S.-Gulf ties
* Saudis say sending aid to all of Yemen including Houthi areas
* Total CEO says could consider participation in Saudi Aramco IPO
* Saudi Aramco CEO says oil market rebalancing after OPEC-led cuts
* Iraq says will go with consensus at next OPEC meeting
EGYPT
* Egypt considering $ 1.5-2 bln Eurobond in coming weeks -finance minister
* Swiss court tells Egyptian energy companies to compensate Israel
* Egypt trade deficit down 46 pct y/y in Q1 2017
* Manufacturers in Egypt turn to local sourcing as prices soar
* Average yields on Egyptian T-bills fall at auction
* Egypt buys 110,000 tonnes of local wheat since start of harvest
* Egypt 's GASC cancels tender for at least 50,000 T of raw sugar
* Renaissance Capital to open Egypt office
* Egypt 's General Company for Silos and Storage nine-month profit rises
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi entertainment chief sees cinemas returning , eventually
* Saudi money supply stable in March
* Saudis eye $ 200 bln in revenue as privatisation drive starts up
* Saudi 's ACIG appoints Saudi Kuwaiti Finance House as financial advisor for merger with Malath Insurance
* Saudi 's Arabian Pipes secures 78 mln riyals order to supply steel pipes to Saudi Aramco
* Saudi Kayan Petrochemical reports Q1 profit of 265.5 mln riyals
* INTERVIEW-Saudi offers size in drive to list shares of foreign companies
* Sadara Basic Services starts fourth plastics plant at complex of parent co
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Etisalat Nigerian arm meets lenders for $ 1.2 bln debt restructuring talks
* UAE 's Dana Gas may seek to restructure Islamic bonds
* UAE 's Dana Gas says will work to reach standstill agreement with sukuk holders
* ENBD REIT engages Shuaa Capital International as liquidity provider
* DP World reports 5.7 pct gross volume growth in Q1 2017
* Abu Dhabi cancels co-payment in boon to private healthcare providers
QATAR
* Qatar sports anti-corruption group lays off staff
( Reporting By Dubai Newsroom )
* American Express boosts Dow after results
* Investors eye first round of French election this Sunday
* Dow up 0.98 pct , S & P 500 up 0.90 pct , Nasdaq up 1.02 pct ( Updates to mid-afternoon , changes byline )
By Chuck Mikolajczak
NEW YORK , April 20 U.S. stocks were higher in on Thursday , with the S & P 500 index on track for its best day in about seven weeks , as American Express set the tone for the latest batch of earnings .
The credit card company was up 5.8 percent as the top boost to the Dow Industrials after reporting a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly profit late Wednesday .
CSX Corp , up 5.6 percent , was one of the best performers on the S & P 500 after the railroad company reported a better-than-expected quarterly net profit driven by rising freight volumes and said it plans to cut costs and boost profitability moving forward .
`` They really are just focusing now on the micro , which they should be , on the earnings and what the earnings are saying , '' said Ken Polcari , Director of the NYSE floor division at O'Neil Securities in New York .
`` Investors are putting the geopolitical stuff to the back of the bus at the moment and they are really focusing on what they should be . ''
Major indexes had scuffled in recent days , falling for two straight weeks to retreat from record levels as worries about President Donald Trump 's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises raised some concern about stretched stock valuations .
Mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States and the looming French presidential elections also served to heighten investor caution .
Of the 82 companies in the S & P 500 that have reported earnings through Thursday afternoon , about 75 percent have topped expectations , according to Thomson Reuters data , above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters .
Overall , profits of S & P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.1 percent in the quarter , the best since 2011 .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 200.94 points , or 0.98 percent , to 20,605.43 , the S & P 500 gained 21.25 points , or 0.91 percent , to 2,359.42 and the Nasdaq Composite added 59.98 points , or 1.02 percent , to 5,923.01 .
Each of the three major indexes were on pace for their biggest daily percentage gain since March 1 . The S & P 500 climbed back above its 50-day moving average , a level that had acted as resistance after the index fell below it last week .
Recent polls showed centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to their lead as favorite to win France 's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call .
Philip Morris fell 3.8 percent to $ 109.61 as the biggest drag to the benchmark S & P index after the tobacco maker 's first-quarter profit forecast fell below estimates .
Key companies scheduled to report results after the close on Thursday include Dow component Visa and toymaker Mattel .
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.45-to-1 ratio ; on Nasdaq , a 2.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers .
The S & P 500 posted 37 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 101 new highs and 28 new lows . ( Reporting by Tanya Agrawal ; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Chizu Nomiyama )
April 12 Inter Pipeline Ltd :
* Inter Pipeline announces $ 500 million medium-term note offering
* Inter Pipeline Ltd says notes will have a fixed interest rate of 2.734 % per annum , payable semi-annually , and will mature on April 18 , 2024
* Inter Pipeline Ltd- will use net proceeds of offering to repay indebtedness under its revolving credit facility Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A woman walks into the head office of the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) in Montreal , Quebec , Canada November 9 , 2015 . REUTERS/Christinne Muschi/File Photo
MONTREAL Madrid 's Anti-Doping Laboratory was reinstated by the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) on Friday , more than a year after it was suspended .
The suspension , which followed WADA 's declaration last March that the Spanish Anti-Doping Agency ( AEPSAD ) was non-compliant , prohibited the lab from carrying out any WADA-related anti-doping activities .
AEPSAD , which had missed a deadline for required changes to its drug-testing procedures , was removed from the non-compliant list early last month and an inspection of the Madrid lab followed on March 23-24 .
`` We would like to thank the laboratory for their continued cooperation throughout this process , '' WADA Director General Olivier Niggli said in a statement .
`` Given the specific circumstances of their suspension , WADA is confident that the laboratory will continue to operate to the high standards required . ''
The suspensions led to a dramatic drop in testing in the top two Spanish soccer leagues , with no samples at all taken from players in the second division for a year after AEPSAD 's suspension .
WADA said in February the lack of testing was `` alarming '' with AEPSAD blaming FIFA and UEFA for not taking over drug testing in football while it was ruled non-compliant .
( Reporting Nick Mulvenney in Sydney ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The logo of gaming company Amaya Inc is seen at its head office in Montreal June 22 , 2015 . REUTERS/Christinne Muschi/File photo
Staff of the Ontario Securities Commission ( OSC ) on Wednesday filed a statement of allegations accusing former Aston Hill Financial Inc executives of securities law violations in connection with a leaked takeover offer in 2014 by online gambling company Amaya Inc ( AYA.TO ) .
The OSC staff alleged that Ben Cheng , then president of Aston Hill Financial , became aware of undisclosed `` material facts '' and illegally tipped company sales manager John Rothstein about Amaya 's proposed bid to acquire the parent company of the online gaming operation PokerStars .
The regulator also alleged that Eric Tremblay , who was Aston Hill Financial 's chief executive officer , and Frank Soave , an investment adviser at CIBC , of insider trading and making misleading statements on material matters or omitting facts when examined under oath by staff of the OSC .
The Office of the Secretary has scheduled the court hearing for May 4 . ( bit.ly/2oubO1b )
In 2014 , Montreal-based Amaya closed the $ 4.9 billion takeover of Oldford Group , operator of online gambling website PokerStars .
( Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May gesture at one another as they hold a joint news conference at the White House in Washington , U.S. , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
As U.S. President Donald Trump proclaims “ America First ” and Britain hums along to the words of “ Rule Britannia , ” can a special relationship still exist between two states that seem to have decided to draw back within themselves ?
In both of these countries , a repositioning of global roles is being undertaken by a suddenly dominant political group of populists . And they are locked in what promises to be a long war with the previously dominant political and intellectual groups that are liberal and globalist .
Because of this dynamic , Britain and the United States are bound – one might say doomed – to remain in a special relationship for one of the best of reasons : They will need each other .
MORE COMMENTARY : Europe needs radical change – and support from Trump
Britain 's need is obvious , and not just in the wake of this week 's attack near Parliament . In disengaging from the European Union , it may not retain privileged access to that single market as a trade partner . One columnist proposed that it pay a large leaving “ fine ” – a kind of bribe – in exchange for continued membership , which might work .
Britain must find alternatives , and the United States is the greatest of these . Team Trump 's assurances that Britain will be at the head of the line for a trade deal is a large relief .
The new U.S. administration will need Britain too , although Trump may not realize how much . Britain has been dismissed in the past as merely a medium between the United States and the rest of the world : In 1962 , then Secretary of State Dean Acheson gave a speech in which they argued that “ Great Britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role… . attempting to be a broker between the United States and Russia , [ it ] has seemed to conduct policy as weak as its military power ” .
But that was another time .
MORE COMMENTARY : How to describe American military options in North Korea ? Bad and worse
Trump has come to office scorning a range of institutions – NATO , the EU , the United Nations – which they will need , or at least need not be hostile to them and the United States .
British officials are still pushing forward issues at these institutions . This week British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson came to New York to chair a U.N. Security Council meeting on the war in Somalia and famine in South Sudan and host an event on female empowerment . ( Johnson also met with senior U.S. officials in Washington , including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . )
Trump 's skepticism about the effectiveness of U.N. interventions and missions can be justified . Its raison d'etre is “ floundering ” and a cut in its resources , threatened by the United States , which pays 22 percent of its budget and 30 percent of its peacekeeping costs , may focus its attention on needed reforms . If its members can agree to a reform agenda , Britain would be a necessary ally to help execute it . And the fact that Britain remains active on humanitarian and liberal causes provides a link for Trump should they wish , or need , to use it .
British Prime Minister Theresa May has been criticized , including by some of their own MPs , for “ cozying up ” to the U.S. president and for their reluctance to condemn their travel ban on selected Muslim-majority states .
Yet they can do more than be a critic . Focusing Trump 's radicalism on issues which need fresh thinking and close evaluation could help not just the profile of both states , but the running of the global system . It would be a curious outcome for two states which have been accused of withdrawing from the world , but one which is now possible .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Corrects in para 2 to say the Croatian , not Serbian , units of Austria 's Erste Bank and Raiffeisenbank )
ZAGREB , March 31 Croatia 's indebted food group Agrokor and a board of creditors agreed `` in principle '' key elements of a standstill agreement which is expected to be signed later on Friday , Erste Bank said in a statement .
The creditors include Russia 's Sberbank and VTB Bank and the Croatian units of Austria 's Erste Bank and Raiffeisenbank as well as Privredna Banka Zagreb , owned by Italy 's Intesa Sanpaolo , and Zagrebacka banka , owned by Italy 's UniCredit .
`` The standstill agreement should ease Agrokor 's efforts to resolve its liquidity problems , secure continuation of its business , protect the value of the concern and lay the foundation for sustainable restructuring , '' the statement said . ( Reporting by Igor Ilic ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
FILE PHOTO -- Business magnate George Soros arrives to speak at the Open Russia Club in London , Britain June 20 , 2016 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
Mining company BSG Resources ( BSGR ) on Friday filed a lawsuit in federal court in New York accusing financier George Soros of scuttling an iron ore deal in Guinea , claiming $ 10 billion in damages .
BSGR , which is controlled by Israeli billionaire business person Beny Steinmetz , accused Soros and their controlled entities of manipulating the government of Guinea and elected officials and other misconduct to strip BSGR of mining contracts in Guinea in 2014 .
Israeli authorities put Steinmetz under house arrest on Dec. 19 after accusations that they paid tens of millions of dollars to senior public officials in Guinea to advance their businesses . They were released in January without being charged .
Soros fabricated defamatory statements about BSGR 's involvement in corruption , the company said in the complaint .
`` Soros was motivated solely by malice , as there was no economic interest they had in Guinea , '' BSGR added .
Michael Vachon , a spokesperson for Soros , did not respond to requests for comment , made outside of regular business hours .
The case is 1:17-cv-02726 in U.S. District Court in the Southern District of New York .
( Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru ; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Bill Rigby )
US stocks are climbing Wednesday and have recovered almost all of their losses from the day before as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections . Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise . Smaller companies are surging after they suffered only modest losses the day before .
The S & P 500 index gained 32 points , or 1.2 per cent , to 2,722 . It lost 1.2 per cent the day before . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 272 points , or 1.1 percent , to 24,633 . The Nasdaq composite added 70 points , or 1 per cent , to 7,467 . The Russell 2000 index leapt 24 points , or 1.5 per cent , to 1,648 , which put the index on pace for another record close .
The Russell fell less than the rest of the market on Tuesday and has fared better than other indexes in recent weeks . It closed at an all-time high on May 21 .
ITALY IN FOCUS : Stocks in the US and Europe sank this week as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy , the third-largest economy in Europe , would stay in the euro . On Wednesday , premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were `` new possibilities '' to form a government .
Advertisement
Italy 's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 per cent after a 2.7 per cent drop a day earlier . Prices for Italian government bonds also rose , sending yields down following a huge surge the day before .
The euro rose to $ 1.1660 from $ 1.1531 a day earlier , which was its lowest level in almost a year . The dollar rose to 108.98 yen from 108.24 yen .
Germany 's DAX climbed 0.9 per cent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.7 per cent . The CAC 40 in France lost 0.2 percent .
Meanwhile , bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.85 per cent from 2.79 per cent . Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered about half of their losses from Tuesday . When rates rise , banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans .
TRADE WOES : A day after the US renewed a threat to raise duties on a US $ 50 billion ( NZ $ 71 billion ) list of Chinese goods , China 's government accused the Trump administration of hurting its credibility by acting erratically and vowed to react if new tariffs are implemented . China said the new threat conflicts with an agreement in mid-May aimed at settling the dispute . It had threatened to respond by raising tariffs on beef , soybeans , and other imports from the US .
Investors have moved money into smaller and more US-focused companies in response to the ongoing trade tensions , while multinational companies have had a rougher ride . Unlike the Russell , S & P 500 and Nasdaq , the Dow average has yet to recover from Tuesday 's losses .
ENERGY : Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 2.4 per cent to US $ 68.36 per barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , added 2.5 per cent to US $ 77.33 a barrel in London .
Exxon Mobil jumped 3.5 per cent to US $ 81.18 and Chevron rallied 2.9 per cent to US $ 124.88 .
Oil prices fell 7.6 per cent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon . Those countries cut production at the start of 2017 , which helped take US crude from about US $ 50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than US $ 70 this month . They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year , but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans .
EARNINGS : Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers . Dick 's Sporting Goods soared 25.2 per cent to US $ 38.15 after it raised its annual profit forecast . Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales . Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 15.8 per cent to US $ 48.85 .
Elsewhere , printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates . HP climbed 4 per cent to US $ 22.15 .
Clothing company Chico 's FAS plunged 20.5 per cent to US $ 7.95 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 13.2 per cent to US $ 59.24 following a disappointing forecast for the year . Shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 7.1 per cent to US $ 24.22 .
Payroll processor ADP said private US businesses added 178,000 jobs in May . That 's a solid number even though it 's not as many jobs as they added over the winter . ADP reported strong hiring in the construction , education and healthcare fields as well as professional and business services . The federal government will release a jobs report Friday that also includes hiring by government agencies .
ASIA : Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 per cent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2 . The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 per cent .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
March 29 Legend Holdings Corp :
* FY combined revenue of company and its subsidiaries ( including continuing operations and discontinued operations ) was RMB307 billion , representing a decrease of 1 %
* FY net profit attributable to equity holders of company was RMB4,859 million , representing an increase of 4 %
* Board recommended payment of a final dividend of RMB0.242 per ordinary share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
TOKYO Japan 's Sawai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd ( 4555.T ) is buying the generic drug business of U.S. drugmaker Upsher-Smith Laboratories Inc for $ 1.05 billion , marking the Osaka-based generic drugmaker 's first overseas acquisition .
Sawai said on Thursday it is acquiring the business of the Minnesota-based company from the founding family to expand its presence in the United States , whose generic drug market it estimates at around 10 trillion yen ( $ 91.87 billion ) , the world 's largest .
Sawai 's move to diversify geographically comes amid slow growth in Japan 's overall generic drugs market . And though the Japanese government aims to boost usage of generic drugs , growth may not be commensurate as prices of generic drugs are typically cheaper than patented ones .
Japan 's generic drug market currently is around a tenth of the U.S. market . It was worth 836.4 billion yen in 2016 and will grow to 1 trillion yen in 2020 , according to research firm Fuji Keizai Co .
Sawai will use cash and bank loans for the acquisition .
The Japanese drugmaker plans to complete the deal by the end of June . The acquisition will not affect its earnings forecast for the year ended March , Sawai said .
( Reporting by Chris Gallagher and Junko Fujita ; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman )
A hospital porter who found that their work increasingly involved wheeling the dead bodies of overdose victims thanked a Naval Service officer for saving hundreds of lives after one of the largest drug seizures in the history of the State .
The Government on Friday awarded a prestigious distinguished service medal and two commendations to three officers of the Irish Naval Service for their role in Operation Seabight in 2008 .
The operation involved the seizure of €400 million worth of cocaine 150 nautical miles southwest of Mizen Head in extremely challenging weather conditions .
Lieut Comm Martin Brett , who received a commendation for their actions during Operation Seabight , said that while the ceremony at Haulbowline Naval Base in Co Cork was a massive honour , they were equally moved when they received a heartfelt letter from a hospital porter .
“ The ( seizure ) was 155 million lines of cocaine by the time it is cut and sold on the street . It was 80 per cent proof , which is pure cocaine . Every one line potentially a killer .
“ We got a letter from a porter in a hospital thanking us because they said they were sick and tired of pushing ( trolleys ) of kids with overdoses and comforting families in hospitals because of drugs . That means as much to me as the commendation today . Because that is reality . That is somebody on the ground dealing on a day-to-day basis with the consequences of drugs . ”
Log book entry
Meanwhile , Lieut Comm Brett said the smugglers on board Dances with Waves had filled in a log book entry in which they claimed that they had discovered the 74 bales ( over 1.5 tonnes ) of cocaine at sea .
They told members of the Naval Service that they planned to hand the drugs over to gardaí or the police upon their arrival in a port .
“ They had made an entry in their log book to indicate that they had picked something up from the sea having left South America .
“ The entry was made so that had they been detained it would have been part of their defence that they were n't actually importing drugs that they had simply found this and it was their intention to report it on arrival in a port . It was their defence that there were going to bring it to gardaí or police on their arrival in a port . ”
Lieut Comm Jamie Cotter received a Distinguished Service Medal with Distinction at the ceremony for their actions as boarding officer during Operation Seabight .
Lieut Comm Martin Brett , Comm ( Retired ) Eugene Ryan , and Lieut Comm Jamie Cotter , who were involved in Operation Seabright . Photograph : Michael Mac Sweeney/Provision
Lieut Comm Cotter says such seizures are a testament to the tremendous work that has been carried out in the Naval Service over the last few years in terms of resourcing and training .
“ The Navy 's standard course for narcotics is a five-day intensive boarding team members ' course . In addition to that you would do a two-week instructors ' course that would qualify you to be the officer of the boarding team . Then we also send people internationally on courses with the Royal Navy and with the Hellenic Navy in Greece . We make sure our practice and procedures are in keeping with best practice .
“ But in the background you have the intelligence operation . The Joint Taskforce , the co-operation between an Garda Síochána and Customs and Excise is key to providing the most accurate information to the tactical team . ”
Commendation
Commander Eugene Ryan also received a commendation arising out of their actions during Operation Seabight .
Now retired , albeit active in rugby where they are a qualified referee , they spent 24 years at sea during which time they commanded the LÉ Grainne , LÉ Aoife , LÉ Emer and LÉ Eithne .
They say individuals involved in the actual physical act of transporting drugs on yachts are often “ stooges ” who risk their lives for “ pitiful money . ”
Commander Ryan stressed they were “ hugely proud ” of the achievements of their fellow Naval personnel over the years .
“ This place [ Haulbowline ] was my life for 40 years . I know they are having difficulties in the Defence Force keeping people in , but for me I just wanted to be in the Navy . I wanted to be part of it . What we have done and what I see other people doing it makes me hugely proud . ”
Three men were jailed for 10 years each in 2009 in relation to their part in Operation Seabight . Aboard the yacht were Philip Doo , ( 52 ) , of Brixham , Devon ; David Mufford , ( 45 ) , of Torquay , Devon ; and Christopher Wiggins , ( 45 ) , of Estepona , Malaga , Spain .
The men travelled from Spain to Trinidad and Tobago , where Mr Doo purchased the yacht for €120,000 . They later sailed to Venezuela to collect the drugs . Their destination was Caernarfon Bay , near Holyhead , Wales .
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here , as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information and releases .
10.26pm : Update from police : Residents in the area from the Sign of the Takahe , Cashmere to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately . This includes Victoria Park Road , Pentre Terrace and Dyers Pass , south of Takahe Drive . The south side of Cashmere Road between Kennedy 's Bush Road and Hoon Hay Valley Road is also being evacuated .
10.15pm : MAJOR UPDATE - Christchurch Civil Defence update - Residents from the sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately . The fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park .
9.50pm : We are also evacuating the south side of Cashmere Road to Kennedy 's Bush Road , and to Hoon Hay Valley Road , says Christchurch City Council .
9.40pm - vision from the 1 NEWS weathercam on Sugarloaf reveals the ferocity of the blaze .
9.40pm - Civil Defence update : Around 300-400 people have been evacuated from homes in Worsley Road , Cracroft , the bottom of Hoon Hay Valley Road and the Westmorland area . Hundreds of others across the hills have self-evacuated as the fire spreads .
9.35pm Kordia says its transmission site located at the bottom of Sugarloaf , which provides services that include television and radio for the Christchurch area , is currently under 'significant threat by the Port Hills fire ' . Kordia says it has activated its disaster recovery plans and is 'working with its customers to prepare for the worst ' .
9.30pm : Authorities are advising that the fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park , Christchurch City Council says . Police and theDefence Force are evacuating properties .
8.15pm Christchurch Police are putting extra patrols in fire-hit areas to provide reassurance to members of the public , and to check in on those with power outages . There have been no more evacuations since Kennedy 's Bush Rd was cleared earlier today . Police suggested that it would be good for people to check on their neighbours , who could be feeling anxious .
8.10pm Authorities are stressing that anyone near the Port hill fires should be packed and ready to go at all times if required to evacuate .
7.39pm MAJOR UPDATE Three houses have been destroyed on Hoon Hay Valley Road this afternoon , and one on Old Tai Tapu Road . The Selwyn District Council says the fire is now within about 1655 hectares - though not all of that is alight , as some has been extinguished . The Marley Hill fire has spread down Worsley Spur causing considerable burning at the Christchurch Adventure Park , which has been evacuated . The fire is approaching the residential area of Westmorland .
7.29pm All aircraft will need to stio fighting the fire at nightfall due to the danger of hitting powerlines , and there is currently no contingency plan if the fire has not been contained by then .
6.21pm A state of civil emergency has been declared . The mayors of Christchurch and Selwyn Districts jointly agreed to enact the state this evening . The declaration follows the evacuation of 200-300 people from residential properties .
6.13pm Orion says it remains on alert after today 's power outage , which affected much of Christchurch for half an hour , and was caused by the fire . They said this evening that the course of the fire and its position still threatens the power supply , and further outages are possible .
5.41pm Evacuees can call 03 363 7400 if they do n't have transport to leave their property .
5.36pm Police say displaced residents in Selwyn should make their way to the Selwyn Events Centre on Meijer Drive , Lincoln for further information as evacuations continue . Christchurch residents who have been evacuated should head for the Halswell Library .
5.14pm The crashed helicopter of pilot Steve Askin will be airlifted off the Port Hills tomorrow as the investigation into how it went down while fighting the fires continues . The Transport Accident Investigation Commission says this will depend on weather and how the fires are going .
5.13pm Further evacuations are underway due to the ongoing fire risk on Kennedy 's Bush Rd , and its intersecting streets , from the Halswell Quarry up toward the end of Kennedy 's Bush Rd . Residents should leave their homes immediately and head to the Halswell Library for more information .
5.08pm The NZDF has been called in to help combat the Port Hills fire , Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee says . They will assist with logistics , equipment and manpower where required .
4.58pm Residents of Early Valley Road and some areas of Westmorland and Cracroft are being evacuated by Civil Defence .
4.45pm The Christchurch Transport Operations Centre has issued an urgent plea : Please do not go sightseeing in fire areas to take photos or video . There have been cases of residents being obstructed from the homes and they need to have easy access in the case of evacuation .
4.32pm Worsleys Road is closed just past Cashmere Rd to all traffic and residents , and Police are managing a checkpoint . Hoon Hay Valley Rd has also been closed to the public due to people coming with the intent of viewing the fire , and obstructing emergency services . Residents can still get in .
Current Road Closures :
Cashmere Road is closed west of Kaiwara Street through to Kennedys Bush Road .
Worsleys Road is closed
Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed
Kennedys Bush Road is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive . This includes the southbound cycle track
Worsleys Track from Worlseys Road is closed
Dyers Pass Road is closed between Hackthorne Road to Governors Bay Road . Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route
Summit Road is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track
Old Tai Tapu Road is closed between Osterholts Road and Early Valley Road
Early Valley Road is closed
WELLINGTON Thick flog blanketed the New Zealand capital on Wednesday , leading to the cancellation of more than 100 flights and leaving travelers stranded .
`` Fog and low cloud are also currently forecast in the Wellington area for tomorrow morning , '' Air New Zealand said in an emailed statement , adding it would decide on Thursday whether it can resume services .
Airport officials were offering free bottled water , blankets and snacks to anybody forced to stay at the terminal overnight , media said .
New Zealand 's Meteorological Service said the fog was forecast to clear by Thursday afternoon .
( Reporting by Benjamin Weir in SYDNEY . Editing by Jane Wardell and Nick Macfie )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Will Miller wants to be ready for Burton Albion 's first game of the season after a lengthy injury lay-off .
The former Tottenham Hotspur forward saw their 2017-18 campaign ended prematurely when they detached their knee cap in the 3-1 defeat to Queens Park Rangers in January .
It meant Miller 's second season with the Brewers was bookended by injuries , with hamstring problems preventing them from featuring until mid-November , after which they went on an impressive run of form .
The 22-year-old is back in training at St George 's Park , although they are not taking part in all activities with the first-team as they step up their push back to full fitness .
( Image : Richard Burley/Epic Action Imagery )
They hope that fitness will be there by August 4 , when Albion begin their League One campaign at home to Rochdale .
`` I have been out for a while , so I 'm looking forward to getting back into it , '' said Miller .
`` The injury has come a long way .
`` There were a couple of months around February and March where it was difficult , but now I 'm making good progress .
`` It 's really frustrating , but it 's part of the game and you just have to accept it .
`` I 'm doing a lot of work with the physios , running and ball work .
`` Being ready for the first game of the season is still definitely the aim . ''
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking ; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers , while soft U.S. economic data , a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world 's largest economy hurt sentiment .
Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson does not get the credit they deserve and would be recognised as one of the Premier League 's best players if the club were higher up the table , manager Paul Clement has said .
With their tally of eight goals and 11 assists , Sigurdsson has played a key role in helping 17th-placed Swansea climb out of the relegation zone .
Clement believes the Iceland international deserves a mention among the league 's top players .
`` I think they are more than good enough to be in that discussion , they probably get overlooked because of the position of the team , '' they told British media .
`` When teams are lower down in the table , the individual players do n't always get that recognition they deserve , but they are a player that 's done really , really well . ''
Clement praised Sigurdsson for putting in extra work on the training pitch , as well as for their professional attitude .
`` Every day in training , pushing , extra stuff to work on their technique , their finishing , set plays , '' they added .
`` He is really alert and attentive in the video meetings , ( takes ) good care of their body , ( a ) very good professional . ''
Swansea , who have won their last three home games , host 19th-placed Middlesbrough on Sunday and second-placed Tottenham Hotspur three days later .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
March 29 The euro fell to its lowest in eight days against the dollar on Wednesday after a Reuters report that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April .
Small tweaks at the ECB 's meeting earlier this month appears to have upset investors and raised the spectre of a surge in borrowing costs for the bloc 's indebted periphery .
The euro fell to $ 1.0741 , its lowest since March 21 . That propelled the dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of rival currencies , to 100.100 , its highest since March 21 . ( Reporting by Dion Rabouin )
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 28 Ico Group Ltd
* Disposal of shares by controlling shareholders
* Friends True Limited has disposed of 100 million shares of company to an individual
* Upon completion of disposal , Friends True holds 25.6 % of issued share capital of company and remains as one of controlling shareholders Source text ( nSNZ6TYf3G ) Further company coverage :
March 31 Andon Health Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for FY 2017 Q1 to be 15 million yuan to 30 million yuan
* Says the net loss of FY 2016 Q1 was 14.4 million yuan
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/5q5zTs
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Feb 1 ( Reuters ) -
* AT & T HAS ENGAGED BANK OF AMERICA CORP TO EXPLORE A DIVESTITURE OF ITS DATA CENTERS- WSJ , CITING SOURCES on.wsj.com/2ntBwBP
March 31 Fibrogen Inc
* Fibrogen announces china fda approval of cta to conduct pivotal phase 2/3 clinical trial of roxadustat in anemia associated with lower risk mds
* Fibrogen inc - fibrogen is conducting all clinical trials and regulatory submissions in both u.s. And china
* Fibrogen inc - company expects to initiate this phase 2/3 study in second half of 2017
* In addition , company anticipates initiating a u.s . Phase 3 mds clinical trial in q3 of 2017
* Fibrogen inc - fibrogen will retain all regulatory licenses and manufacturing permits in china for roxadustat in anemia associated with lower risk mds Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
As a result of a fatal Road Traffic Collision shortly before 5.30pm on Wednesdayon the R 238 at Castlequarter , Fahan a traffic diversion has been put in place by An Garda Siochána with assistance by Donegal County Council .
This diversion is to facilitate the Garda Traffic Investigation teams and will be reviewed hourly in an effort to cause minimum disruption to motorists in particular motorists travelling to the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at Ballyliffin Golf Club .
All traffic will be diverted at Bridgend ( 19th Hole Pub ) via R 239 to Birdstown to the Eastern corridor via Muff , Quigley 's Point to Carndonagh and onto Ballyliffin . Note : There is no disruption to traffic travelling from Buncrana to the event .
Motorists travelling from Derry/Londonderry are advised to travel via the Culmore Road ( A2 Route ) northbound to Muff village to join the R 238 to Quigley 's Point and R240 to Carndonagh to approach Ballyliffin where Gardaí and Irish Open Stewarts will direct traffic to car parking facilities .
Motorists are strongly advised to allow extra time for their journey to Ballyliffin in the morning , listen to local media broadcasts & news bulletins which will provide the latest and up to date traffic flow information . It is hoped that there will be minimum disruption to traffic travelling to the event .
An Garda Siochána have deployed additional resources to ensure minimum level of disruption and would request that motorists co-operate and comply with directions given .
The public are advised that the peak travel times will be from 06.30hrs to 9.30am & 12.30hrs to 14.30hrs and egress traffic peak is from 16.30hrs to 19.00hrs daily .
Latest traffic information relating to this diversion will be provided via the following information sources .
Garda Siochana Facebook page .
Garda Twitter Feed .
AA Road watch
Donegal County Council website www.donegalcoco.ie
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LONDON , May 3 ( IFR ) - Peter Bartlett , one of the founders of emerging markets debt broker Exotix , is joining Renaissance Capital as head of sales for sub-Saharan Africa and frontier markets .
Bartlett left Exotix two years ago and is currently a senior adviser to investment fund TLG Capital , which focuses on Africa .
The appointment is one of several senior management appointments at Renaissance Capital . The bank has reorganised its markets business , to include all its trading and sales business together with research and prime brokerage under co-CEO Ruslan Babaev .
Bartlett will lead distribution of both equities and fixed income issues in their geographic areas , working with Evgueni Konovalenko , head of international sales .
Mark Reed remains head of global sales trading . John Porter has been made chief business officer , reporting to Babaev and James Friel , global head of investment banking .
Roman Sarychev is appointed global head of trading and Vasiliy Frolovichev is made head of prime brokerage .
Dmitry Gladkov , head of debt capital markets , is made global head of financing , covering equity capital markets as well as DCM . They report to Friel .
David Dalhuisen is made co-head of African investment banking with Toby Mannock . Willem Du Toit and Yvette Labuschagne have been hired as vice presidents in South Africa .
Maria Klimova is appointed head of risk management . They are currently head of product control , a role they will maintain . ( Reporting by Christopher Spink ; Editing by Steve Slater )
MANILA Peace negotiations between the Philippine government and Maoist rebels started anew on Sunday in Oslo , but without any ceasefire and with both parties warning of continuing violence .
The conflict between the government and the New People 's Army ( NPA ) , the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines ( CPP ) , has raged since 1968 and killed more than 40,000 people .
The government could not agree to a unilateral ceasefire because the NPA had taken advantage of the truce to extort businesses and citizens , Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) Chief General Eduardo Ano said in a statement .
In a separate statement , the communist rebels said they expected intensified operations by the military . The CPP added that it did not declare a unilateral ceasefire because of the government 's refusal to declare its own truce .
Philippines ' President Rodrigo Duterte scrapped the truce with the communist rebels in February .
Angered by the deaths and abduction of soldiers since the NPA halted its unilateral ceasefire , Duterte ordered soldiers to prepare to fight .
General Ano appealed to the public to report all attempts at extortion . The military said it had recorded more than 60 incidents of arson related to extortion since the breakdown of the truce in February .
Duterte wants to end guerrilla wars with both communist and Muslim rebels that have been hampering economic development . The 3,000-strong NPA operates mainly in the east and south .
( Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
LONDON With the Czech National Bank 's commitment to keep the crown weak having ended last week , some investors are betting the CNB 's meeting today will be used to scrap the cap , which has kept the euro trading above 27 Czech crowns .
This is potentially a key moment for the Czech economy - if the currency were to spike as sharply as the Swiss franc did when it was de-pegged from the euro in 2015 , the fall-out could be massive . Though the meeting is not scheduled to be on monetary policy , the central bank could decide to change the agenda .
The bank meets every Thursday and the fact that next week 's meeting comes a day before the Good Friday holiday has increased speculation of a shift . Consequently the cost of hedging for volatility in the Czech crown against the euro has jumped to its highest in more than nine months .
Britain 's ONS statistics agency has said it is looking to see whether it can judge when the economy is heading into recession sooner than it has done in the past . As it stands , British gross domestic product data is produced faster than in almost all other major economies -- but early versions of the numbers contain a large proportion of estimated data .
So far , ONS growth data have not faced any major revisions since Britain voted to leave the European Union in June 2016 , generally painting a rosy picture of prospects - in contrast to private sector surveys that pointed to a steep downturn . But in 2008 the ONS was three months late in noticing the economy had entered recession and significantly underestimated the size of the downturn .
MARKETS AT 0755 GMT
World markets suffered quite a whiplash on Wednesday , with an early rise in equity and bond yields due to rising oil prices and a punchy U.S. private sector jobs report later reversed after the Fed 's latest meeting minutes signalled its concern about high stock market valuations and also that it would start running down its giant $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet of bond holdings as soon as this year .
The reversal was compounded as U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said that tax reform , a key element of U.S. President Trump 's economic agenda that has buoyed stock markets since the election , will take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing the existing healthcare legislation . On top of that , nerves ahead of Trump 's summit with China 's President Xi later added to the caution .
While intraday swings were large , the net moves in markets were relatively contained given the torrent of top-level influences . And the Fed balance sheet news was confusing . Although this signals it will stop reinvesting cash earned from the bond pile back into the market itself , it was slightly puzzling why Treasury yields fell . One assumption is that balance sheet reduction would reduce the 2018 interest rate rise trajectory , even though the probability of a June rate hike has now risen to more than 60 percent .
Wall St stocks ended 0.3 percent lower , while 10-year Treasury yields slipped about 2 basis points to 2.33 percent and the dollar fell too . The Vix volatility gauge and oil prices also fell . Euro/dollar is higher $ 1.0677 . Asia bourses were mostly lower , Tokyo underperformed on the higher yen , but HK and Seoul were down too . Shanghai stocks bucked the trend to end higher .
European stocks are set to open lower too , with one eye on a bounce back in German industrial orders data and several European Central Bank speakers , including ECB chief Mario Draghi , due out later . One eye is also on the Czech central bank meeting with speculation rife of it lifting its cap on the crown .
( Editing by Hugh Lawson )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bank Saint Petersburg :
* SAYS PLANS TO ACHIEVE SUSTAINABLE ROAE OF 15 % + BY 2020 Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain 's Bexit minister David Davis will meet the European Union 's chief negotiator Michel Barnier on Monday in London to discuss Britain 's exit from the bloc , Davis wrote on Twitter on Friday .
“ Important next step in our work to build new partnership between UK & EU , ” Davis wrote .
BEIJING China 's military carried out drills along the border with Myanmar on Tuesday , in a show of force to highlight its resolve to protect its people , state news agency Xinhua said , following clashes between Myanmar security forces and ethnic rebels .
Fighting this month in Myanmar pushed thousands of people into China to seek refuge , prompting Beijing to call for a ceasefire between ethnic militias and the security forces .
Xinhua said the joint land and air exercises were part of planned annual drills , but did not say exactly where they took place .
It quoted a Chinese army colonel as saying the exercises showed `` the People 's Liberation Army 's resolute resolve '' to protect the security of the border and the lives of residents there .
In accordance with existing agreements , China informed Myanmar 's military ahead of the drills , it added .
China has repeatedly expressed concern about fighting along the border that has occasionally spilled into its territory , for instance in 2015 , when five people died in China .
( Reporting by Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO , June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday , a Nebraska meat company said , just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports , ending a 14-year ban .
Things just do n't work out as you expect , as Rachel Parris shows in their award-winning comedy show Best Laid Plans which they bring to the Komedia in Brighton on February 28 .
“ The show 's comedy is around life plans we make , weddings , children , body image , sex and things like that , and how they often do n't pan out how you expect , but the narrative centres around a true story about me going through a break-up and getting in touch with The Samaritans , ” Rachel says . “ It sounds miserable , but it 's not ! ”
It 's also about how they ended up striking a correspondence with ‘ Jo ' ( the Samaritan ) .
“ The break-up was after four years . It was not as a big as a divorce or something like that , but I got really sad for the first time in my life , and the show is about this ridiculous to and fro of emails I had with The Samaritans .
“ If you are in a dire situation , if you are on the bridge , do n't email them , but if you are just feeling sad and more low key , you can email them , and it was good .
“ I think the break-up does linger , but the show has become more about this time in your life where perhaps 20 years ago you would have thought you would have a house , be settling down and having children , but instead you are in your 30s and not really knowing what your life is and feeling a bit lost .
“ The break-up was the catalyst for that , and it is a situation that a lot of people are in .
“ It 's about things like whether you should have children , about sex , just about your life , lots of themes that people can identify with .
“ It is about having an alternative life to what you planned and about being content with it .
“ The Samaritans just reflect back what you say to them . I have to say I have got friends . I have got lovely friends that would also be there , but sometimes you just do n't want to talk to your friends who would all offer good advice .
“ You just want to talk to someone anonymous .
“ I can remember the night it happened .
“ I had just had a really bad night , a really bad gig . Have you seen La La Land ? That bit where they do their solo show to not many people and afterwards they can hear people slagging them off . That was very familiar .
“ That happened , and it is a horrible feeling .
“ It has happened before , but I was in a bit of a sad place and I had a panic attack in the uber .
“ It was everything building up , and I was just crying . It was late at night , and I just wanted to reach out .
“ I was just in a sad place .
“ So I emailed The Samaritans . The first line was ‘ I do n't think I am coping at all . '
“ They emailed back , and they get you to explore how you are feeling .
“ They do n't offer advice . They do n't say ‘ Your life is fine ' . They just get you to explore things… ”
The correspondence in reality was just three or four times back and forth : “ But for the show I have expanded it to give it a bit more of a narrative . ”
And no , The Samaritans did n't mind .
“ I wondered if they would disapprove , but a lot of them came to see the show and really liked it .
“ It is an upbeat show . It is about talking through your problems .
“ I was on brand ! ”
“ The show did really well at the Edinburgh Fringe , getting five and four-star reviews and recommended by the Guardian , Telegraph and Marie-Claire ( the glamour ! ) and it won Best Musical Comedy Show award and was nominated for Funny Women 's Best Show 2016 . ”
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 ) Make our website your homepage
2 ) Like our Facebook page
3 ) Follow us on Twitter
4 ) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
Always the first with your local news .
Be part of it .
( Reuters ) - The three major U.S. stocks indexes ended higher on Friday , snapping three days of losses , as investors bet on slower U.S. rate hikes , but gains were muted by increasingly aggressive exchanges between the United States and North Korea .
Weaker-than-expected July consumer price data led investors to bet that benign inflation would keep the U.S. Federal Reserve from raising rates again this year .
While this gave investors some hope after a jittery week , there were still signs of nervousness in choppy late afternoon trading , primarily due to ongoing threats between the United States and North Korea .
President Donald Trump said Friday that the U.S. military was `` locked and loaded , '' while Pyongyang accused them of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war . They told reporters in the late afternoon that they hoped North Korea `` fully '' understood the gravity of their warning about taking military action against the United States or its allies .
While the data gave investors appetite for growth sectors such as information technology and biotechnology it soured them to rate-sensitive stocks such as banks , said Keith Lerner , Chief Market Strategist , SunTrust Advisory services in Atlanta .
`` There 's not a great incentive to buy big . You 're less than 2 percent off the high for the S & P heading into a weekend where uncertainty with North Korea still lingers , '' said Lerner .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 14.31 points , or 0.07 percent , to 21,858.32 , the S & P 500 .SPX gained 3.11 points , or 0.13 percent , to 2,441.32 while the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 39.68 points , or 0.64 percent , to 6,256.56 .
For the week the S & P fell 1.4 percent and the Dow lost 1.1 percent - their largest weekly drops since the week ending March 24 - and the Nasdaq was off 1.5 percent .
Robert Phipps , a director at Per Stirling Capital Management in Austin , said they were reassured after Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan said the Fed needs evidence of progress toward its inflation goal before raising rates .
People walk by New York Stock Exchange in the financial district in New York , U.S. , August 10 , 2017 . Eduardo Munoz
`` If earnings can stay strong and interest rates remain low , investors can look beyond North Korea and continue to rally equities , '' said Phipps .
Traders saw the chance of a rate hike in December falling to 40 percent from 42 percent before Friday 's data , according to Federal funds futures .
Nearly $ 1 trillion has been wiped out from global equity markets since Trump 's vow on Tuesday to unleash `` fire and fury '' on North Korea if it threatens the United States .
Five of the 11 major S & P sectors ended higher , with technology 's .SPLRCT 0.75-percent rise leading the advancers .
But the S & P Bank sub-sector .SPXBK fell 0.7 percent on dimming prospects of another rate hike this year since higher rates tend to boost bank profits .
While the Russell 2000 index ended up 0.1 percent on the day , it was more than 5 percent below its July 25 record close and for the week it fell 2.7 percent , its biggest weekly drop since February 2016 .
Shares of Snap ( SNAP.N ) ended down 14 percent after hitting a record low following a miss on revenue and daily active users . At least 12 brokerages cut their price targets on the stock .
J.C. Penney ( JCP.N ) finished down 16.6 percent after hitting a record low following the retailer 's bigger-than-expected quarterly loss .
Advancing issues barely outnumbered decliner on the NYSE by a 1.15-to-1 ratio ; on Nasdaq , a 1.10-to-1 ratio favored advancers .
About 6.15 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges , below the 6.29 billion average for the last 20 sessions .
FILE PHOTO : A general view of the lower house of the parliament in Rome , Italy April 22 , 2013 . REUTERS/Tony Gentile/File Photo
( This story was refiled to fix name of EFG in paragraph six )
By Gavin Jones
ROME Italy 's commitment to selling off public assets is petering out as politicians look ahead to elections early next year , making it harder to cut the country 's huge public debt and leaving it vulnerable to any rise in interest rates .
In late 2015 , then-Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said the debt would come down the following year for the first time in eight years , thanks partly to privatizations worth 0.5 percent of gross domestic product .
In the end , the state managed to sell less than a fifth of its targeted amount and the national debt rose to a new high of almost 133 percent of gross domestic product , the highest ratio in the euro zone after Greece .
Renzi confirmed the same privatization target for this year before they resigned in December after Italians rejected their planned constitutional reform in a referendum , but the prospects for selling state assets have continued to dwindle .
With the ruling Democratic Party ( PD ) embroiled in a bruising leadership battle and elections slated for early 2018 , senior PD members including Renzi themselves have recently voiced doubts about whether privatizations are a good idea after all .
`` As elections come into sight , privatizations do n't seem to be the government 's focus , '' said Gianluigi Mandruzzato , head of economic analysis at BSI , part of EFG International ( EFGN.S ) .
The most appetizing items on the government 's slate are the state railway company , which is wholly state owned , and the post office , of which 65 percent remains in public hands after a first tranche was sold in 2015 . But it failed to follow up with the sale of a planned second tranche of the post office in 2016 , citing unfavorable market conditions .
While the market picture has improved , with the Milan bourse up 5.5 percent this year after falling about 10 percent in 2016 , the political will seems to have disappeared .
Infrastructure Minister Graziano Delrio recently admitted to `` problems '' in selling the railways and Antonello Giacomelli , a junior industry minister , warned of the `` dangers '' of letting the post office fall into the hands of `` foreign investment banks '' which could close branches and cut staff .
`` Politics has taken precedence over economic concerns and there are no privatizations on the horizon now , '' said Stefano Micossi , an economics professor and director general of Assonime , the association of Italy 's listed companies .
`` They are unpopular with the unions and politicians who see state companies as a source of jobs and favors to hand out , '' they added . `` There is enormous resistance from the PD and also inside the government . ''
The Post Office , whose top management was changed by the Treasury this month , declined to comment on whether privatization would go ahead this year .
The state railways are supposed to spin off its high speed and long distance train businesses by July with a view to selling them by the end of the year , but has still not named the advisers for the spin-off .
The company said the privatization required government legislation , which it was discussing with relevant ministers .
RISING BOND YIELDS
From a numerical point of view , the targeted privatization revenues can only marginally chip away at the public debt , which the European Commission forecasts will reach a new record high this year .
Mandruzzato said the drift in the privatization target was `` not good news in terms of commitment and credibility . ''
Italy has the most sluggish growth in the 19-nation euro zone and an unstable political outlook , and it has repeatedly backslid on promised deficit cuts . The result is that markets have become increasingly leery of its government bonds .
The spread between Italian benchmark bond yields and their safer German equivalent has risen to almost 2 percentage points from 1 percentage point a year ago , and the rise would have been far steeper without the support of the European Central Bank .
Under its `` quantitative easing '' program the ECB has been buying several billion euros of Italian bonds every month .
After it cuts back on these purchases , as it is set to do next month , some analysts say the issue of Italy 's debt sustainability may resurface and its yields could surge as they did in 2011 and 2012 at the height of the euro zone debt crisis .
Mandruzzato said the trigger for a sudden market sell-off is often unexpected and in Italy 's case there are `` a lot of potential candidates . ''
One could be a ratings downgrade , as it was when Standard & Poors cut Italy 's sovereign rating in September 2011 . Both Fitch and Moody 's currently have a negative outlook on Italy , meaning a downgrade could be in the pipeline .
( Additional reporting by Giuseppe Fonte , Massimiliano Di Giorgio and Francesca Landini ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
April 12 Maruei Department Store Co Ltd
* Says Kowa Company , Ltd offered a takeover bid for 39.8 million shares of the company , aiming to fully acquire the company
* Offered purchase price at 128 yen per share
* Offering period from April 13 to May 29
* Settlement on June 5
* Says the company may be delisted from Tokyo Stock Exchange
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/Rzd0i2
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Photo : Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while their sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and their fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music . Over the weekend , however , Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London .
Related : Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘ The Trick to Holding On '
Them headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “ Blank Space ” and “ Shake It Off ” from the former . From the latter , Taylor performed “ Gorgeous , ” “ Look What You Made Me Do ” and “ …Ready For It ? ” For good measure , Swift threw in a solo rendition of their duet with Zayn Malik : “ I Do n't Wan na Live Forever . ”
The performance followed almost a month after their November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live . Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne .
Watch Taylor perform “ Ready For It , ” “ Gorgeous ” and “ Look What You Made Me Do ” below :
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
The Beacon Broadcasting Network ( BBN ) Launches First Full Service Beacon Marketing Agency - Offers Free Beacons to Every Business in America Beacon Marketing is poised to be the Breakout Marketing Technology of 2017 .
How do businesses get on board with little risk ? With Free Beacons from the Beacon Broadcasting Network ( BBN ) , the first full service beacon marketing agency ! Take advantage of new marketing technology that allows businesses to connect directly to the smartphones of their customers ! MAYNARD , Mass . - Jan. 2 , 2017 - PRLog -- Beacon Marketing is poised to be the Breakout Marketing Technology of 2017 .
According to BI Intelligence , beacon influenced sales should reach $ 4.1 Billion this year . While some ultra-big retailers have the resources to adopt beacon technology , how do smaller organizations get on board ?
The Beacon Broadcasting Network ( BBN ) has launched as the first full service beacon marketing agency ,
BBN was founded to help companies adopt place-based beacon marketing ; the next logical extension of digital marketing . Marketing beacons create a new communications channel that uses Bluetooth to connect customers and prospects to timely , relevant content right on their smart phones and tablets .
Each free beacon meets Google Eddystone and Apple iBeacon standards and is 100 % warrantied for life . Customers simply plug the beacon in and start broadcasting to the customers who come to their location ! BBN takes care of everything else !
All members of the BBN Network have access to the BBN Live ! App , available on the Google Play and iPhone Store .
Beacon Broadcasting Network , LLC is a new business entity launched by Internet entrepreneur John Griffith , the founder of I.P . Communications Group , Inc. , the parent company of
Mr. Griffith was also one of the co-founders of Centric Infographics , Inc , is a member of the Google Partner program , holds multiple Google certifications and has been developing marketing strategies for business since 1988 .
Media Contact
Beacon Broadcasting Network
844-447-5874
sales @ beaconbroadcastingnetwork.com Beacon Broadcasting Network844-447-5874 End -- According to BI Intelligence , beacon influenced sales should reach $ 4.1 Billion this year . While some ultra-big retailers have the resources to adopt beacon technology , how do smaller organizations get on board ? Thehas launched as the first full service beacon marketing agency , providing free beacons and low-cost beacon marketing for businesses of all types.was founded to help companies adopt place-based beacon marketing ; the next logical extension of digital marketing . Marketing beacons create a new communications channel that uses Bluetooth to connect customers and prospects to timely , relevant content right on their smart phones and tablets.Each free beacon meets Google Eddystone and Apple iBeacon standards and is 100 % warrantied for life . Customers simply plug the beacon in and start broadcasting to the customers who come to their location ! takes care of everything else ! All members of thehave access to theApp , available on the Google Play and iPhone Store.is a new business entity launched by Internet entrepreneur John Griffith , the founder of I.P . Communications Group , Inc. , the parent company of www.mobileandlocal.com www.pharmaceuticalseo.com and many other web properties.Mr . Griffith was also one of the co-founders of Centric Infographics , Inc , is a member of the Google Partner program , holds multiple Google certifications and has been developing marketing strategies for business since 1988 . Source : The Beacon Broadcasting Network Email : * * * @ beaconbroadcastingnetwork.com Tags : Beacon Marketing , Beacon Marketing Agency , Proximity Marketing , Bluetooth Beacons , Beacon Broadcasting Network , Bbn , Free Beacon Industry : Business , Consumer , Marketing Location : Maynard - Massachusetts - United States Subject : Companies Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
FILE PHOTO : The alleged on-going land reclamation of China at Subi reef is seen from Pagasa island ( Thitu Island ) in the Spratlys group of islands in the South China Sea , west of Palawan , Philippines , May 11 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ritchie B. Tongo/Pool/File Photo
A Filipino soldier patrols at the shore of Pagasa island ( Thitu Island ) in the Spratly group of islands in the South China Sea , west of Palawan , Philippines , May 11 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ritchie B. Tongo/Pool/File Photo
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures while answering questions during a news conference upon arrival from a trip to Myanmar and Thailand at an international airport in Manila , Philippines March 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte , who on the campaign trail joked that would jet ski to a Chinese human-made island in the South China Sea to reinforce Manila 's claim , said on Thursday they may visit a Philippine-controlled island to raise the national flag .
Duterte 's plan is unlikely to sit well with China , which lays claim to almost all the South China Sea , despite a fast-warming relationship between the two sides in recent months .
The Philippines occupies nine `` features '' , or islands and reefs , in the South China Sea , including a World War II-vintage transport ship which ran aground on Second Thomas Shoal in the late 1990s .
Duterte told reporters they would visit the island of Thitu , the largest of the Philippine-controlled Spratly Islands , and build a barracks for servicemen operating in the area .
`` In the coming Independence Day , I may go to Pagasa island to raise the flag there , '' Duterte told reporters , using the local name for Thitu .
The Philippines marks 119th year of independence from more than three centuries of Spanish rule on June 12 .
Thitu is close to Subi Reef , one of seven human-made islands in the Spratlys that China is accused of militarising with surface-to-air missiles , among other armaments .
Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Vietnam and Taiwan also have claims in the strategic waters .
Duterte 's comment made at a military base on Palawan island , near the disputed waters , came two days after Manila 's acting foreign minister said China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations had made progress on a framework for a code of conduct in the South China Sea .
Duterte announced their `` separation '' from the United States in October , declaring they had realigned with China as the two agreed to resolve their South China Sea dispute through talks .
Their efforts to engage China , months after a tribunal in the Hague ruled that Beijing did not have historic rights to the South China Sea , marks an astonishing reversal in foreign policy since they took office on June 30 .
Last month , Defence Minister Delfin Lorenzana said the military would strengthen its facilities in the Spratlys , building a new port , paving an existing rough airstrip and repairing other structures .
Chinese coast guard vessels prevented a Philippine nationalist group from planting a Filipino flag on a rocky outcrop in another part of the South China Sea in June .
Duterte said last month it was pointless trying to challenge China 's fortification of its human-made islands and ridiculed the media for referring to their comment that they would jet ski to one Beijing 's reclaimed reefs .
`` We can not stop them because they are building it with their mind fixed that they own the place . China will go to war , '' they said . `` People want me to jet ski . These fools believed me . ''
Infographic ID : '1OnCXGj '
( Reporting by Manuel Mogato ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
( Reuters ) - U.S. drugmaker Merck & Co Inc ( MRK.N ) reported a bigger quarterly loss on Friday , partly due to a $ 2.6 billion charge related to recent changes to the U.S. tax law .
The company said its research and development expenses fell 56 percent to $ 2.06 billion in the quarter .
Merck 's net loss attributable widened to $ 872 million , or 32 cents per share , in the fourth quarter , from $ 594 million , or 22 cents per share , a year earlier .
SAN FRANCISCO Car parts supplier and integrator Delphi Automotive on Thursday announced investments and partnerships in three privately held companies to help carmakers profit from the increasing amount of data produced by the growing number of vehicles connected to the internet .
As cars are equipped with new capabilities , from staying in lanes to driving themselves , they are using and producing vast amounts of information , including where they drive . Delphi said automakers need a single strategy for handling the data as cars become more complex .
Delphi 's chief technology officer , Glen DeVos , told reporters in a briefing that Delphi wanted to partner with data-related companies in three key areas : inside the car itself ; as data moves from the car to the cloud ; and organizing that data in the cloud so it can be used to generate revenue .
Delphi said it took minority investments in Israeli companies Otonomo , a connected car services company , and Valens , a chipmaker . It also entered into a strategic partnership with Germany 's Rosenberger , which makes ethernet connectors .
Terms of the deals were not disclosed .
The latest investments complement Delphi 's purchase earlier this year of Movimento , which provides over-the-air software updates and data management . In 2015 , Delphi bought Control-Tec , a data analytics company .
Otonomo 's platform takes data generated by connected cars , strips it of personal identifying information and lets carmakers offer the data for sale on a marketplace accessed by third-party suppliers .
`` They 're a data broker , they 're providing enabling technologies allowing the ( automaker ) to market their data across a wide array of services and vendors , '' said DeVos , such as retailers , fleet transport services , or vehicle repair services like tow trucks .
Drivers who did not want to share their data could opt out , DeVos said .
Detroit automaker General Motors Co has been working on similar technology through a partnership with International Business Machines Corp 's Watson artificial intelligence software .
Using its Onstar system , GM 's product allows third-party marketers to deliver targeted offers , such as nearby coffee shops , reminders about shopping-list items , or paying for fuel from the car dashboard .
Delphi said Valens ' technology would help deal with the increased bandwidth and wiring required for cars with infotainment , such as navigation systems and entertainment , and advanced driver assistance systems like collision avoidance and adaptive cruise control .
The Rosenberger partnership will help in transferring greater amounts of data at faster rates , Delphi said , given the company 's expertise in automotive radio frequency connection systems .
( Reporting by Alexandria Sage ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
FILE PHOTO - Former president Barack Obama waves with their wife Michelle as they board Special Air Mission 28000 , a Boeing 747 which serves as Air Force One , at Joint Base Andrews , Maryland , U.S. on January 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
CHICAGO Former U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday makes their first major appearance since leaving office , having chosen Chicago , the city where their political career started , to emerge from a three-month hiatus from the public eye .
Obama will meet youth leaders and promote community organising near the same South Side neighbourhoods where their own activism blossomed and propelled them to two terms in the White House that ended with Donald Trump 's inauguration on January 20 .
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , who served as Obama 's first White House chief of staff , said that they were proud that Obama picked Chicago to make their last speech as president and the first in their post-presidency .
“ I think it reflects their emotional , as well as their intellectual , commitment to this city and seeing this city as their home , ” they said .
Obama 's continued connection to Chicago is important to the city , which has global aspirations as well as a palpable insecurity about its place in the world .
During the last year of Obama 's second term , Chicago laid claim to its share of their legacy by beating out Hawaii and New York as the site of their presidential library .
Obama , who still owns a home in Chicago , was raised in Hawaii . The former president and their wife Michelle are expected to move from Washington to New York once their younger daughter , Sasha , graduates from high school .
David Axelrod , a former top political adviser to Obama , said the decision to house the library in Chicago should have eased any concerns that its residents may have had about the former Democratic president 's commitment to the city .
But Monday 's event , they said , is another important sign of the former president 's strong links to Chicago .
“ He 's going to be more visible moving forward , ” they said . “ I think this is clearly a coming-out . ”
Reverend Michael Pfleger , a social justice activist who heads a large South Side Roman Catholic church , said a prominent Obama presence could help the nation 's third-largest city confront some of the thorny problems it faces .
Chief among them is a spike in gun violence , an issue that Trump has highlighted as a sign of lawlessness and the failure of the Democratic politicians who have long run Chicago .
“ It 's their life , and he 's not in elected office right now , so they can do what they want , ” Pfleger said . “ But I 'd love to see them engage in their home of Chicago . They could make a huge difference . ”
Civil Rights activist Jesse Jackson said Obama could use their powerful platform to address stark inequalities in Chicago schools , housing and employment , and to advocate for reinvestment in blighted neighbourhoods .
Monday 's event takes place on the South Side campus of the University of Chicago , where Obama once taught constitutional law . It is intended “ to encourage and support the next generation of leaders driven by strengthening communities , ” according to a statement .
Since leaving office , Obama has kept a relatively low public profile , taking vacations in Palm Springs , California and the British Virgin Islands , where they indulged in the sport of kite-boarding while vacationing with British billionaire Sir Richard Branson .
Together with their wife , who grew up on Chicago 's South Side , the former president recently struck a two-book , $ 65 million memoir deal . They are expected to travel to Berlin to meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel next month .
( Reporting by Chris Kenning ; Editing by Mary Milliken )
Pfizer denies over-charging for cancer drugs in South Africa
June 14 U.S. drugmaker Pfizer has denied allegations it over-charged for cancer medicines in South Africa following an investigation launched on Tuesday into three drug companies by the country 's competition watchdog .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during a joint news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi , Russia , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservatives have widened their lead over the centre-left Social Democrats less than five months ahead of a federal election in Europe 's largest economy , according to an opinion poll .
The survey by the INSA institute , to be published Wednesday in the mass-circulation Bild newspaper , showed support for the conservatives unchanged at 34 percent while the SPD inched down 1.5 percentage points on the week to 28.5 percent .
The right-wing Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) fell one percentage point to 9 percent while the far-left Linke gained one percentage point to 10.5 percent . The Greens stood at 6.5 percent and the pro-business Free Democrats ( FDP ) at 7 percent .
The survey of 2,035 people was carried out from April 28 to May 2 .
( Reporting by Michael Nienaber , )
( Updates Linde , Boston Scientific , Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ; Adds Q-Park )
March 30 The following bids , mergers , acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Thursday :
* * Bankers are working on debt packages of around 1.2 billion euros to back a potential sale of Dutch car park operator Q-Park , banking sources said .
* * Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce said it has raised its takeover offer for PrivateBancorp Inc by 20 percent to about $ 4.9 billion , after some of the Chicago-based lender 's shareholders opposed an initial bid .
* * Aker Solutions Asa to acquire Norwegian oil-services provider Reinertsen to build on its position as a leading maintenance and modifications supplier offshore Norway .
* * Boston Scientific Corp agreed to buy Swiss medical device maker Symetis SA for $ 435 million , looking to bolster its presence in Europe after recalling a range of heart valves in the region .
* * Slovenia plans to invest about 1 billion euros ( $ 1.1 billion ) on a new railway line between its sole port , Luka Koper , and the city of Divaca , which will connect with the line that runs to the capital Ljubljana .
* * Linde labour representatives will vote against the German industrial gases group 's planned $ 65 billion merger with U.S. rival Praxair , the head of the German works council told Reuters , in a move that could scupper the deal .
* * Kenya 's central bank invited investors interested in buying a stake in Chase Bank to submit their bids , with the aim of concluding the transaction by the end of September .
* * U.S. stock exchanges should not attempt to buy Deutsche Boerse , the German exchange whose bid to merge with its London counterpart has just collapsed , a senior German politician said .
* * HSBC announced a strategic partnership with financial technology company Tradeshift , that will allow the bank 's clients to manage their supply chains and working capital requirements digitally .
* * Serbia invited investors to propose terms to buy three heavily indebted , state-owned petrochemical plants , part of a plan to boost growth and cut the national debt .
* * Israel 's Delek Group said its quarterly profit was boosted by the sale of two natural gas sites and higher income from its exploration and production operations as it seeks further international expansion .
* * Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd , China 's biggest state-owned semiconductor group , said media reports that it bid for Toshiba Corp 's chip business were groundless , reiterating a similar statement made in February .
* * German shipping finance provider HSH Nordbank has received more than 10 expressions of interest from potential buyers in the lender which seeks to be sold within a year .
* * Booker , the British wholesaler that has agreed to a 3.7 billion pound ( $ 4.6 billion ) takeover by Tesco , said quarterly sales growth had slowed , with tobacco sales hurt by a shop display ban and plain packaging restrictions .
* * Chinese investor Creat Group Corp has offered to buy German blood plasma products maker Biotest for about 1.2 billion euros ( $ 1.3 billion ) including debt following its purchase last year of British peer Bio Products Laboratory .
* * Toshiba Corp shareholders agreed to split off its prized NAND flash memory unit , paving the way for a sale to raise at least $ 9 billion to cover U.S. nuclear unit charges that threaten the conglomerate 's future .
* * Kushner Cos , the real estate firm headed by President Donald Trump 's son-in-law until recently , said on Wednesday it ended talks to redevelop its flagship New York office tower with China 's Anbang Insurance Group .
* * Synovus Financial Corp will buy the financial unit of outdoor goods retailer Cabela 's Inc , a source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday .
* * A consortium led by General Electric submitted the only bid for a Nigerian railway concession project worth around $ 2 billion for two lines connecting northern cities to others in the south , a procurement process adviser said on Wednesday .
* * Mexican mining , rail and infrastructure firm Grupo Mexico said on Wednesday its planned takeover of Florida East Coast Railway would allow it to expand its exposure to U.S. rail freight , increase dollar earnings and diversify revenue sources .
* * ConocoPhillips on Wednesday agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc for C $ 17.7 billion ( $ 13.3 billion ) , making it the latest international oil major to pull back from a region where high costs and low crude prices have made it hard for large companies to make an acceptable return . ( Compiled by Laharee Chatterjee and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru )
April 12 Flavor Full Foods Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 0.6 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 2.63 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/A0NwKV
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
May 3 NiSource Inc
* NiSource - Now expect to deliver 2017 non-gaap net operating earnings in upper half of guidance range of $ 1.12 to $ 1.18 per share
* NiSource reports first quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 Non-Gaap operating earnings per share $ 0.71
* Q1 Gaap earnings per share $ 0.65
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.67 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* NiSource expects to grow its net operating earnings per share ( non-gaap ) and dividend at 5 to 7 percent annually through 2020
* Now expect to deliver 2017 non-gaap net operating earnings in upper half of guidance range of $ 1.12 to $ 1.18 per share
* Remains on track to complete $ 1.6 to $ 1.7 billion of planned utility infrastructure investments in 2017
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 Amundi says assets under management at 1.13 trln eur at end-March , up 4.2 pct vs end-2016
* Amundi says q1 net inflows at 32 bln eur ; q1 net income at 147 mln eur , up 13.2 pct vs a year ago
* Amundi says the acquisition of Pioneer Investments is still expected to be finalised in mid-2017 as the authorisation process is proceeding on schedule
* Amundi says capital increase initiated on March 14 was highly successful , a total of 1.4 bln eur was raised and 33,585,093 new shares were issued on 10 april 2017
* Amundi says free float now accounts for 29.8 pct of shares , Credit Agricole group now holds 70 pct of the share capital
* Amundi says has now become the largest market cap of all european asset managers and ranks no . 5 worldwide
( Maya Nikolaeva )
* Energy and materials benefit from higher oil , iron ore prices
* James Hardie Industries zooms after quarterly results
* Global bond sell-off hurts property shares ( Updates to close )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Australian shares ticked up on Friday as energy and materials stocks firmed on higher oil and iron ore prices .
The S & P/ASX 200 index rose 0.5 percent or 31.3 points to 6,121.4 . The benchmark added 0.9 percent on Thursday and ended the week 1.2 percent higher .
Energy stocks gained on Friday , with the energy index ending at its highest in three weeks .
Oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia , offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production .
Energy major Santos Ltd gained 4.3 percent , the highest in more than two weeks .
Material stocks headed higher as the most-traded May iron ore contract on the Dalian Commodity Exchange in key market China climbed 1.3 percent
Global miner BHP Billiton rose 0.5 percent , while rival Rio Tinto Ltd climbed 0.7 percent .
Meanwhile , shares of James Hardie Industries PLC , rose 6.8 percent to a record closing high and were among the benchmark 's top percentage gainers .
The world 's No . 1 maker of fibre cement building panels , posted third-quarter adjusted net operating profit on Friday , which was up by close to a third .
Financials rose as well , with Commonwealth Bank of Australia gaining about 1 percent .
Conversely , real estate stocks fell , capping the gains on the index .
“ The ongoing sell-off in global bond markets is affecting their ( real estate and industrials stocks ) performance , ” said Michael McCarthy , chief market strategist at CMC Markets .
“ Property stocks are sensitive to interest rate changes , the continuing sell-off and increase in long-term interest rates is really weighing on the real estate and utilities sector as well . ”
U.S. Treasuries market started February on a sour note with the 10-year yield hitting a near four-year peak on Thursday .
Across the Tasman Sea , New Zealand shares ticked up , helped by a rise in materials and industrials . The benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index rose 0.4 percent or 31.42 points to 8,415.29 , adding 1.3 percent on a weekly basis . The main index ended higher for a third straight week .
Fletcher Building Ltd , the country 's biggest construction company , firmed 2.1 percent to end at its highest since October 2017 . ( Reporting by Aaron Saldanha in Bengaluru ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
April 13 Pccw Ltd
* Notes overseas regulatory announcement made by HKT Management Limited ( in its capacity as trustee-manager of hkt trust ) and HKT Limited
* Confirms that it currently holds about 51.97 % of total number of share stapled units of HKT Trust and HKT Limited in issue
* Overseas regulatory announcement in relation to audited consolidated financial statements of hkt group holdings limited hktl for fy ended dec 31 , 2016
* Overseas regulatory announcement published on websites of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd and Taipei Exchange in Taiwan , China Source ( bit.ly/2o8tI6R ) Further company coverage :
The South African Social Security Agency ( SASSA ) says only 5,343 of 14,683 disputed deductions , i.e . 36 % , made by grant beneficiaries in the last financial year were resolved . The agency attributed this poor rate to its “ reliance on [ the current service provider ] Cash Paymaster Services to resolve all reported disputes ” .
Social grant recipients frequently complain that inexplicable deductions are made from the accounts into which their grants are deposited . GroundUp has published numerous reports on this issue .
While presenting the agency 's annual report to Parliament 's Portfolio Committee on Social Development on Thursday , SASSA executive manager Raphaahle Ramokgopa assured MPs that the agency 's new system “ would not allow for any deductions ” on Sassa accounts .
But MPs were not convinced and grilled SASSA on its failure to deal with the current backlog of complaints . DA MP Karen Jooste said , “ You went into business with a private company and you know they are in it to make money . The issue of deductions is your fault and needs to be dealt with by SASSA . ”
ANC MP Hope Malgas said SASSA 's communication strategy to its beneficiaries “ was just not working ” . They continued : “ During my constituency period , I received a number of complaints about illegal deductions . There was nothing we could do because we were told beneficiaries had to fill out a form themselves . You talk about Tweets and Facebook , but how do you communicate with senior citizens ? This is problematic , ” they said .
In response , SASSA executive manager for grant payments Dianne Dunkerley acknowledged that the current disputes resolution system and their direct communication with beneficiaries was flawed . “ We know that there is a serious problem with deductions … Beneficiaries had no choice over their SASSA card account and for this reason we are fighting to have some responsibility over them , ” they said .
They said the agency has been visiting pay points and advice offices . “ We inform beneficiaries not to panic because the SASSA card is not expiring in December , and also we do not provide or endorse any financial products such as loans or airtime , ” they said .
Dunkerley said if beneficiaries are unable to fill out dispute resolution forms , they need to complete an affidavit at their nearest police station and take it to a SASSA office . “ We can then register the dispute and follow up to make sure that it is resolved . While investigating a number of disputes on deductions we have found that the beneficiary acknowledges taking the loan , but not in all cases . Where we find that no authority was given for the deduction , we then facilitate that a refund be made to the beneficiary , ” they said .
Increase in grant applications
Ramokgopa said the agency had received an “ unprecedented ” number of new grant applications in the financial year which ended in March 2017 .
“ Our usual average of applications is between 1.1 and 1.3 million applications , but we have processed just over two million . We are still uncertain why there was this increase , but during the year under review we made use of the Integrated Community Registration Outreach Programmes which was used to reach rural areas with mobile units . We believe this could also have contributed to the increase in applications , ” they said . This spike in applications would not however impact its budget as there were also grants which left the system due to deaths or children turning 18 , ” they said .
Ramokgopa said that the number of grants paid also increased from 16,991,634 to 17,507,849 .
How soon are grants paid after application ?
Dunkerley said : “ All new grant applications are processed from the day the application is made except foster care grants which are processed from the date of the court placement . The amount of money people will get on their first payment will depend on when in the cycle they applied . If you apply , for example in September before the month end cut off , you will be paid in October the money for that month and the few days from the date of application in September . After the cut-off period , beneficiaries would only be paid in November and will receive money for that month and the few days since the application date in October . ”
By Barbara Maregele
This story first appeared on GroundUp
South Africa Today – South Africa News
© 2017 GroundUp .
This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License .
You may republish this article , so long as you credit the authors and GroundUp , and do not change the text . Please include a link back to the original article .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — For Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez , a passionate , liberal Democrat of Puerto Rican descent , there is no more important issue in the year-end budget showdown than protecting from deportation hundreds of thousands of immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children — and who have only known America as their home .
The fate of these `` Dreamers , '' as they are commonly known , is one of the trickiest issues to resolve as the White House and Congress seek to avert a Christmas government shutdown that nobody says they want . House Democrats , and their leader , Nancy Pelosi , insist that the Dreamers be dealt with as part of a broader package that combines unfinished legislative business , including military spending , disaster aid and low-cost health care for children .
`` You want a bipartisan budget and you want my vote ? Then make it an American budget , one that includes a pathway to freedom for our Dreamers , '' Gutierrez said . `` It 's the right thing to do . ''
Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer cares about Dreamers , too , but they are n't playing hardball over immigration . At the top of their list of political concerns are the re-election bids next year of 10 Senate Democrats running in states that President Donald Trump won in 2016 . Many of them want nothing to do with shutting down the government over immigration .
Advertisement
`` I understand the passion on that . I 'm not in favor of voting to shut down the government , '' said Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia , where Trump won almost 70 percent of the vote . `` There are a lot of things I feel passionate about . But I 'm not going to make 300 million people suffer because I ca n't get the process working the way it should . ''
House and Senate Democrats stand divided as leaders look to wrap up a sweeping spending deal by Dec. 22 and avoid a debilitating shutdown .
At issue is Trump 's decision to rescind Barack Obama 's executive order creating the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , which gave protected status to about 800,000 young immigrants in the country illegally . In scrapping the order , Trump gave Congress until March to come up with a legislative solution .
In September , the president told Pelosi and Schumer they would support the DREAM Act — Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors — which offers childhood immigrants a pathway to citizenship , as part of a broader immigration agreement .
But this fall , progress stalled . That led liberals such as Gutierrez to pressure leadership to use Democratic leverage — their votes are needed to pass legislation such as the budget or next year 's increase in the government borrowing — to ensure Trump lives up to their promise .
Republicans want to separate immigration from the year-end agenda , in part to avoid the appearance of getting muscled by Democrats like Pelosi and in part to try to get a better deal .
`` We are certainly willing to enter into those good-faith negotiations , but they do not belong in an end-of-the-year spending appropriations debate , '' said Texas Sen. John Cornyn , the No . 2 Republican in the Senate . `` We do want to resolve this , but it 's not going to be before the end of this year . ''
For their part , Pelosi wo n't commit to helping Republicans keep the government open unless the DACA issue is dealt with .
`` We will not leave here without a DACA fix , '' they told reporters last week .
Indeed , just 14 Democrats joined House Republicans in voting for a two-week stopgap spending bill last week .
But in the Senate , the dynamic among Democrats was wholly different , with Democrats voting for the stopgap measure by a 5-to-1 margin .
Aides to lawmakers in both parties say the DACA issue was discussed only briefly at a White House meeting between Trump and top congressional leaders .
`` There was no disagreement that it should be done . The question was when , where , how and why , and those discussions are continuing , '' Schumer told reporters Friday . `` We hope to get it done before the end of the year . ''
Schumer spokesperson Matt House says Schumer is genuinely optimistic that Senate negotiations over a hybrid package blending the DREAM Act with additional border security measures are going well . House talks , meanwhile , appear stalled .
The differing perspectives , at their core , seem rooted in the different dynamics facing House and Senate Democrats .
Schumer 's red-state Democrats must win re-election by appealing to independents , and they hope to win at least some crossover support from Republicans .
But many House Democrats represent congressional districts with large populations of minorities . Others represent solidly Democratic suburbs with constituencies that are sympathetic to immigrants . Their re-election bids are dependent on cementing the Democratic nomination from a primary electorate rather than winning independents or GOP crossovers .
Pelosi faces their own constituency , too . With 31 members , the Congressional Hispanic Caucus represents 16 percent of the House Democratic Caucus — a base that Pelosi is loath to cross .
`` It 's their belief , of course , but it 's the caucus they represent as well , '' said Nadeam Elshami , Pelosi 's former chief of staff . `` The caucus wants this . ''
SHANGHAI , March 30 Air China on Thursday reported a 0.6 percent rise in 2016 net profit , underperforming analyst expectations as earnings were hit by the weakening yuan and rising costs .
The company 's profit attributable to shareholders of 6.8 billion yuan ( $ 987.22 million ) fell short of forecasts from analysts , who expected China 's flag carrier to report full-year reported net income of 7.35 billion yuan , according to 8 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters .
Revenue rose 4.6 percent year-on-year to 114 billion yuan , it said . It made 4.2 billion yuan in foreign exchange losses due to the yuan 's depreciation against the dollar over the year .
Operating costs overall rose 4.2 percent , although its fuel bill , which accounts for about a quarter of its costs , fell 8.6 percent . It also increased passenger capacity by 8.6 percent over the year , while its revenue made per passenger for one kilometre fell 4.4 percent .
Chinese airlines have been ordering new aircraft to take advantage of strong demand in the country for foreign travel but many of these orders were made with U.S dollar-denominated loans .
The carrier 's rival , China Eastern Airlines reported a 0.7 percent fall in full-year profits on Thursday , its first drop since 2013 . It experienced foreign exchange losses of 3.54 billion yuan .
China Southern Airlines , the country 's largest carrier by passenger numbers , on Thursday reported a 30 percent rise in net profit .
Shares in Air China closed 2.17 percent down on Wednesday , against a 0.37 fall in the Hang Seng index . ( $ 1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Brenda Goh . Editing by Jane Merriman )
Two Nevada City men were seriously injured , following a solo vehicle crash on the Golden Center Freeway late Friday morning . CHP Officer Ryan Duplissey says 65-year-old Hamar Ashley was driving southbound in Grass Valley , with their 69-year-old passenger , Billy Shawn…
click to listen to Officer Duplissey
Duplissey says Ashley was wearing a seat belt , but Shawn was not…
click to listen to Officer Duplissey
Duplissey says it 's not known , at this time , if Ashley was driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol , or otherwise impaired .
SAN SALVADOR , March 29 El Salvador 's Congress on Wednesday approved a law that prohibits all metal mining projects , in a bid to protect the poor Central American nation 's environment and natural resources .
The new law , which enjoyed cross-party support from 70 lawmakers , blocks all exploration , extraction and processing of metals , whether in open pits or underground . It also prohibits the use of toxic chemicals like cyanide and mercury . ( Reporting by Nelson Renteria and Gabriel Stargardter )
April 13 Crispr Therapeutics Ag
* Crispr Therapeutics , Intellia Therapeutics , Caribou Biosciences and ERS Genomics announce appeal of CRISPR/CAS9 U.S. patent board decision
* Crispr Therapeutics AG - appeal to U.S. Court of Appeals for federal circuit seeks review and reversal of patent trial
* Crispr Therapeutics AG - appeals board 's decision to terminate CRISPR/CAS9 interference
* Crispr Therapeutics AG - companies and their licensors plan to pursue additional patents in U.S. and worldwide covering CRISPR/CAS9 technology Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON The United States on Thursday sanctioned Sohrab Soleimani , the brother of the commander of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards , for their role in abuses in Iranian prisons .
The action freezes any assets Soleimani might have in the United States and bars U.S. citizens from conducting transactions with him .
Soleimani is the `` supervisor of the office of the deputy for security and law enforcement of the state prisons organisation , '' the U.S. Treasury Department said . They are also the former director general of the Tehran Prisons Organization , which was also sanctioned on Thursday .
Soleimani 's brother Qassem Soleimani leads Iran 's Quds Force , the elite special forces arm of the Revolutionary Guards . Qassem Soleimani had previously been sanctioned , the White House said .
`` The sanctions against human rights abusers in Iran 's prisons comes at a time when Iran continues to unjustly detain ... various foreigners , including U.S. citizens , '' White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told a press briefing .
( Reporting by Steve Holland ; Writing by Tim Ahmann ; Editing by David Alexander and Frances Kerry )
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) — The key whistleblower in Chile 's clerical sex abuse scandal has arrived in Rome for their audience with Pope Francis and said Tuesday they will urge the pope to get rid of the `` toxic '' bishops and cardinals who have defamed and discredited abuse survivors around the world .
In an interview in St. Peter 's Square , Juan Carlos Cruz said they were honored Francis wants to apologize in person for having themselves discredited victims during a January trip to Chile . Comments Francis made while defending a bishop now at the heart of Chile 's scandal was one of the worst blunders of their papacy , calling into question their commitment to fighting abuse and cover-ups .
While Francis has blamed others for misinforming him , Cruz said they want to hear the pope 's explanation for having seemingly been unaware that abuse victims , and not anti-church political activists , had for years publicly accused Bishop Juan Barros of witnessing and ignoring their abuse .
`` He 's not a pope from Ukraine . He 's from Buenos Aires , which is an hour , 40 ( minute ) flight '' from Chile , Cruz told The Associated Press . `` So it 's really difficult to understand that this was an unknown . But I want to hear him . I want to talk to him . I want to listen to what they have to say . ''
Advertisement
Cruz and two other abuse survivors , Jimmy Hamilton and Jose Andres Murillo , have several days of private and group meetings with Francis lined up starting Friday . They will be Francis ' guests at the Vatican 's Santa Marta hotel , where they live .
Francis invited the three to Rome after enraging Chileans by saying during their January visit that the men 's accusations against Barros were `` calumny '' and demanding proof .
Francis seemed completely unaware that the men — victims of Barros ' mentor , the Rev . Fernando Karadima — had placed Barros at the scene of their abuse , and that their testimony had been deemed trustworthy enough for the Vatican to use it to sentence Karadima to a lifetime of penance and prayer . Francis had previously accused `` leftists '' for mounting the opposition to Barros .
In response to the uproar their comments caused in Chile , Francis dispatched the Vatican 's top sex abuse investigator to look into the accusations against Barros . After receiving the investigator 's report , Francis issued a letter of apology to the victims and invited them to Rome .
The pope also gave a stern warning to Chile 's bishops , who have a history of discrediting victims , imposing minimal sentences on abusers or covering up for them entirely .
In the letter , Francis admitted they made `` serious errors in judgment and perception '' about the Barros case , but they blamed a lack of `` truthful and balanced information '' for their missteps .
Many Chileans have pointed the finger at the retired archbishop of Santiago , Cardinal Javier Errazuriz , who was Barros ' superior for many years and is a top adviser of Francis .
In emails , Errazuriz referred to Cruz as a `` liar '' and a `` serpent '' out to destroy the Chilean Church . Barros , Hamilton and Murillo sued the archdiocese for having covered up Karadima 's abuse ; their case is on appeal .
Cruz has urged Francis to remove `` toxic '' leaders like Errazuriz , who also is in Rome this week attending one of Francis ' regular meetings with their nine key cardinal advisers .
`` I believe they ( Francis ) is a good man and I believe they want to do the right thing , '' Cruz said . `` Unfortunately they have listened to toxic people that surround them and that has to stop . ... They need to go . They need to hold them accountable . ''
CHUKUT KUK , Arizona , April 12 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - E ver since they can remember , Richard Saunders has seen families cross the fence on their Native American reservation in southern Arizona , where the U.S.-Mexican border splits their tribe 's land in two , to seek work , see a doctor or go to school .
Laborers from Mexico would stop by their grandfather 's house on the U.S. side of the reservation , the ancestral home of the Tohono O'odham nation , which today is marked off by a barrier of loosely spaced metal bars designed to block vehicles between the two nations .
`` He 'd stand out there and converse with them , take a shot of tequila . Grandma would make them some burritos , and they 'd be on their way , '' recalled Saunders , a senior figure in the nation 's administration , heading its public safety department .
But Saunders and other nation members fear U.S. President Donald Trump 's plan to sever their land with a border wall will be no different to slicing through their culture and their community .
`` If I was to walk into your home and build a wall right in the middle of your house , how would you like that ? '' said Verlon Jose , vice chairperson of the Tohono O'odham , whose name means `` Desert People . ''
`` Over my dead body will this happen , '' Jose told the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
For more than a century , the Tohono O'odham - like other Native Americans - have seen their ancestral lands shrink as a result of hundreds of broken land deals with the U.S. government in its westward expansion in the 1800s .
Of the 2,200-mile ( 3,500-km ) border wall that Trump says will stop drugs , crime and rapists from Mexico , 62 miles ( 100 km ) would run through Tohono O'odham land , putting most of the reservation , which is slightly larger than Lebanon , in the United States and a smaller piece in Mexico 's Sonora state .
For now , the border barrier , with three gates for the American Indians to use , zig-zags around cactus , river beds and ancient burial sites , letting through the desert 's jaguar , deer , pig-like javelinas , venomous Gila monster lizards and poisonous sidewinder snakes .
Francine Jose , 50 , a cousin to the tribe 's vice chairperson , lives about four miles from the border . About 10,000 people live north of the border , where the schools , commerce and services are located , and another 2,000 live on the Mexican side .
`` I think about the Berlin Wall , '' they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation . `` Why do we have to hate or be mad at the country next to us ? ''
OPPOSITION
The Tohono O'odham 's government has not ruled out a high-profile protest similar to one which began last August in the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation , where activists camped for months in opposition to a proposed oil pipeline in North Dakota .
At its height , thousands of protesters gathered at Standing Rock , and more than 700 were arrested . The protest ended after efforts to stop the pipeline lost in court .
`` It could turn into that , '' said Jose , 50 . `` If we 're to see bulldozers start to come in , we will not be standing alone . ''
However , they are encouraged by Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , who recently said it was `` unlikely that we will build a wall or physical barrier from sea to shining sea . ''
A suggestion by Department of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke that electronic monitors may be used in some sections has also helped to allay concerns .
Tribal leaders say the border could be best protected with high-powered surveillance cameras , better access roads and more personnel .
The harsh desert itself , with no year-round sources of running water , is an effective deterrent . Once across the border , the nearest main roads lie 20 miles north .
Last year , the bodies of 85 migrants were found on the reservation compared with 16 so far this year , significantly down from years when more than 100 were found , Saunders said .
Even though barbed wire along the border was replaced by the sturdier vehicle barrier in 2006 - in response to the rise of Mexican drug-smuggling cartels and security fears following the 9/11 attacks - evidence of stealthy crossings is easy to spot .
Drug traffickers leave behind cloth slippers with carpeted soles , used to obliterate their footprints .
Abandoned black plastic water jugs are strewn amid the towering Saguaro cactus , poignant signs of thirst that can kill in the desert where summer temperatures are typically well above 100 degrees Fahrenheit ( 38 Celsius ) .
Crisscrossed with dry stream beds , or washes , that flood during the violent summer monsoon season , the landscape burns under a relentless sun . Turkey vultures circle , and a few longhorn cattle huddle under the mesquite trees .
BROKEN TREATY ?
Tohono O'odham was under Mexican jurisdiction before its modern borders around 2.8 million acres ( 1.13 million hectares ) of territory were laid out in a 19th century land deal between the neighboring nations .
Under U.S. law , Native American reservations are sovereign nations that govern themselves , and building a border wall through Tohono O'odham land would amount to a treaty being broken by the U.S. government , said Carlos Veléz-Ibáñez , Regents ' Professor and Founding Director Emeritus of the School of Transborder Studies at Arizona State University .
`` Indigenous populations on their land have treaty rights , and they 're treated as nations , and they 're recognized as nations , '' they said . `` Trump and Co. would in fact be violating the treaty rights of indigenous nations . ''
Asked about Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain 's position on the reservation wall , McCain 's office did not respond . They told CNN the wall was not a `` viable '' option '' and that border security needs technology and drones .
The state 's other U.S . Senator , Republican Jeff Flake , said in an email that the most effective border security `` might mean a wall in some places or a fence in others , as well as the right combination of manpower and surveillance '' .
`` Arizona communities along the border should be a part of the discussion and planning as they are of the most affected , '' they wrote .
Tohono O'odham Tribal Police , with nearly 100 officers , work with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection , which has more than 1,000 agents at the reservation , said Saunders .
It 's only fitting that the Tohono O'odham , who have hunted , gathered food and grown crops for thousands of years in the region , are caught up in issues of border protection , Jose said .
`` It is embedded in our culture to protect . Not to own , but to protect , '' said Jose . `` That is what we are doing . '' ( Reporting by Ellen Wulfhorst , editing by Katie Nguyen ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , women 's rights , trafficking , property rights , climate change and resilience . Visit news.trust.org )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
- President Trump warned of the possibility of a `` major , major conflict '' with North Korea in an interview in which they said they were seeking a diplomatic solution to concerns that Pyongyang was preparing to conduct another nuclear test . nyti.ms/2oRKFCP
- Swirling tensions at Fox News burst into public view on Thursday as one of its stars , Sean Hannity , spoke out in defense of an embattled executive at the center of an expanding culture clash inside the network . nyti.ms/2oRsFbS
- Anthony Levandowski , the Uber Technologies Inc executive accused of stealing trade secrets from Google , is stepping aside from leading some of the company 's work on self-driving vehicles , amid a bare-knuckled legal fight between the two technology giants . nyti.ms/2oRNTX7
- David Dao , the doctor who was seen being dragged off a United Airlines jet this month in videos that sparked widespread outrage , has reached a settlement with the airline for an undisclosed amount , their lawyers said on Thursday . nyti.ms/2oRNDHq
- New Balance has won a rare legal victory in China in an intellectual property dispute : a court has ordered five shoe manufacturers and sellers to pay the state $ 250,000 for using the American shoemaker 's signature slanting `` N '' logo . nyti.ms/2oRKasw ( Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru )
April 28 Kamux Oyj ( IPO-KAMUX.HE )
* Says preliminary price range in the offering is 6.80-8.00 euros per share
* Says based on the price range , the market capitalization of the company is approximately 253-297 million euros Source text for Eikon : ( $ 1 = 0.9204 euros ) ( Helsinki Newsroom )
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump nominated former Republican lawmaker Scott Garrett as president of the Export-Import Bank of the United States on Friday , completing an about-face over an institution they had denounced as `` featherbedding '' for big business .
A White House statement also named Spencer Bachus , another Republican former member of congress , to be a member of the board of directors of the bank . Both were named for four-year terms .
Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday they would fill the two vacancies on the bank 's five-member board that have prevented it from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $ 10 million .
Their picks must gain approval from the Senate , which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama .
The Export-Import Bank , an independent government agency , provides loans to foreign entities that enable them to purchase American-made goods . For example , it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing Co ( BA.N ) and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment .
The bank has become a popular target for conservatives , who worked in Congress to kill the institution , arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs .
Trump 's backing of the bank represents a victory for manufacturers like Boeing and General Electric Co ( GE.N ) , which have overseas customers that use the agency 's government-backed loans to purchase their products .
Trump told the Journal the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs , a reversal of their earlier criticism of the bank as being `` featherbedding '' for wealthy corporations .
Trump 's about-face followed a meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Jim McNerney , who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation 's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015 .
Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field .
A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank 's charter to expire for five months . After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank 's charter , which is needed for it to operate , conservatives blocked nominees to the board , preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines .
( Reporting by David Brunnstrom ; Editing by Bill Rigby )
May 3 Intercontinental Exchange Inc-
* Intercontinental Exchange reports first quarter 2017 gaap diluted eps of $ 0.84 on revenues of $ 1.2 billion ; adjusted diluted eps of $ 0.74
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.74
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $ 0.84
* Q1 revenue $ 1.2 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.73 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says ICE 's Q2 2017 gaap operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $ 550 mlnto $ 560 million
* Intercontinental Exchange Inc- ice 's q2 2017 gaap operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $ 550 million to $ 560 million
* Intercontinental Exchange Inc- ice 's q2 2017 adjusted operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $ 485 million to $ 495 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Europe is at the heart of global vaccine research and production . Influenza is a vaccine preventable disease and influenza vaccine has been available for use in Europe since 1960 's .
Approximately , at US $ 1 billion , Europe influenza market was closed . Nevertheless , the highest influenza market share was held by the United Kingdom . West Europe has more than US $ 500 Million . United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy and Spain hold 80 percent of influenza market share . France holds the second post , as the United States holds the first post in children vaccine market . In addition , in adult vaccine market , United States and Germany was almost at a same pace .
Seasonal influenza vaccines need a yearly update because of constant evolution of influenza viruses in Europe and other countries as well . The match between selected vaccine virus and those found circulating determine the effectiveness of seasonal influenza vaccine , which vary from year to year . There is a meeting held each year in February , in order to find the best match and increase the vaccine efficiency and effectiveness .
According to the market research report “ Europe Influenza Vaccine Market & Forecast ( 23 Countries Market & Vaccinated Population Data ) By ( Pediatrics & Adult ) & Vaccine Brands Analysis ” , the immunity that is extended by influenza vaccines is not as long lived as the immunity following natural influenza infection . This is particularly so for those who belong to the risk group , hence people have to be vaccinated yearly . There are three influenza immunization strategies which is feasible but Europe is the country where it is firstly most important and widely used .
Discreet analysis has been made on the part of competitors . There are three major players which have a major share of the influenza vaccine market in terms of revenue.The key influencers with their products in the influenza vaccine market are Sanofi Pasteur , GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) , Seqirus , AstraZeneca and Protein Sciences Corporation . There are other emerging players as well as if Novavax , Daiichi-Sankyo , Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma , BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd and VaxInnate are making novel technology based influenza vaccine , which may tend to affect the market share in the future .
In Europe , protecting the vulnerable is one of the main strategies of immunization programs , which is to directly or indirectly protect individuals that are more vulnerable . Direct protection involves immunizing people who are more likely to develop austere disease if they are infected by influenza viruses . There is also an indirect protection strategy of immunizing those with close contact with people in risk groups . The importance of this is growingas that the ordinary influenza vaccines are more effective in healthy adults than older people and those with chronic conditions , including immunodeficiency and this is now accelerated . Moreover , children under six months of age that can not be vaccinated and it may be protected by the indirect ammunition strategies .
To determine how effective influenza vaccines work each season , influenza vaccine efficaciousness is measured in observational studies . Vaccine productiveness is an estimate of the likelihood that a vaccine prevents influenza infection when used in everyday practice . In Europe influenza , vaccine effectiveness studies have been followed according to a desired manner since in year 2008-09 , a network of public health and academic researchers . However , results have been come out by age group and by various influenza vaccine strains . In general , a vaccine effectiveness and cooperative assessment has been estimated for the three different influenza A ( H1N1 , H3N2 ) and B strains ( Victoria or Yamagata lineages ) apart from the last two seasons where only a limited effectiveness was observed against influenza yield by circulating H3N2 viruses due to mismatch .
Topics Covered in The Report
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market Research Report
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market Size
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market
Europe Influenza Vaccine Trade Market
Europe Influenza Vaccine Production Output
Europe Influenza Vaccine Import Volume
Europe Influenza Vaccine Export Volume
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market Future Outlook
Europe Influenza Vaccine Market competition
UK Influenza Vaccine Market Research
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market Research
Spain Influenza Vaccine Market Research
Europe Seasonal Influenza Child Vaccine Market
Netherlands Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Denmark Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Finland Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Ireland Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Italy Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Luxembourg Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Romania Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Market
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market Growth
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market future
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market size
Germany Influenza Vaccine Market share
For further reading click on the link below :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/pharmaceuticals/europe-influenza-vaccine-market-forecast/104290-91.html
Related reports :
Global Bone Allograft and Xenograft Market by Manufacturers , Countries , Type and Application , Forecast to 2022
Global Enteric Empty Capsules Market by Manufacturers , Countries , Type and Application , Forecast to 2022
Contact Us :
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta , Head Marketing & Communications
Ankur @ kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
www.kenresearch.com
* Spurs beat Swansea 3-1 with treble in the last seven minutes
* Wayne Routledge scored against their former side in the 11th
* Alli equalised in the 88th with their fifth goal in six games
* Son Heung-Min and Christian Eriksen netted in 91st and 94th The The defeat drops Welsh side into the relegation zone
* Swansea are at West Ham United next , Spurs host Watford
SWANSEA CITY 1 TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 3
April 5 Tottenham Hotspur produced a spectacular late comeback to beat Swansea City 3-1 with three goals in seven minutes as the clock counted down in their Premeir League clash at the Liberty Stadium on Wednesday . Spurs trailed to an early Wayne Routledge goal heading into the 88th minute but strikes in quick succession by Dele Alli , Son Heung-min and Christian Eriksen kept Spurs in the title hunt and dropped Swansea into the relegation zone .
Alli struck from close range for their fifth goal in six games in all competitions before Son beat keeper Lukasz Fabianski with a low shot in the 91s . Shell-shocked Swansea were still reeling when Eriksen added the third from close range after 94 minutes .
The late goal-rush was particularly cruel on Swansea , who until then had defended capably after forward Routledge scored against their former side in the 11th minute as they sought their first win over Spurs since 1982 .
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; Editing by Tom Hayward )
BEIJING , April 15 The head of China 's securities regulator said on Saturday that stock exchange overseers must `` brandish the sword '' and combat any activities that disturb market order .
Liu Shiyu , chairperson of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ) , said in a speech to members of the Shenzhen stock exchange that markets must play a central role in bringing market forces to support national strategy , enterprise reform and technological innovation .
`` ( We ) must further liberate thinking and have the courage to brandish the sword , and defend legal oversight authority ... to resolutely combat behaviour that disturbs market order and in no way be lenient , '' Liu said .
`` Stock exchanges are duty bound to safeguard market order . Stock exchange members also have responsibility to safeguard market stability , '' Liu said in the speech that was posted to the CSRC website .
Chinese regulators have turned their sights on controlling risks in financial markets as speculative activity and leverage in the economy rise , with the securities regulator vowing to clear out `` abnormal phenomena '' from capital markets .
China 's crackdown on illegal market activities has intensified since the mid-2015 stock market crash that wiped out almost $ 3 trillion of share value .
The regulator has said that China will focus on stable development of its capital markets this year , but will press ahead to further open its markets to foreign companies . ( Reporting by Michael Martina ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
MEXICO CITY , March 29 Mexico 's central bank said on Wednesday it had transferred 321.7 billion pesos ( $ 17 billion ) of its 2016 surplus to the federal government , which will help the country pay down debt this year .
The central bank said in a statement its total surplus in 2016 was 535.3 billion pesos , of which it channeled nearly 6.6 billion pesos into its capital reserve . It also set aside some 207 billion pesos into reserves in case the peso appreciates .
( $ 1 = 18.7767 pesos ) ( Reporting by Michael O'Boyle )
( RADIO ALICE ) – Just days after Lady Gaga stepped off the Coachella stage , the singer shared a photo from their new film , A Star Is Born on social media .
The Instagram shows the singer and their co-star Bradley Cooper playing the guitar . “ I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I 'm so lucky to call my friend , ” the caption reads . “ I always wanted to be an actor on the big screen . ”
This will be the fourth version of A Star Is Born . The original was released back in 1937 and starred Janet Gaynor and Fredric March . Then in 1954 with Judy Garland and James Mason . The 1976 version starred Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson .
The Warner Bros remake marks Bradley Cooper 's directorial debut and also stars Sam Elliott and Andrew ‘ Dice ' Clay . Gaga will be credited by their real name , Stefani Germanotta .
A Star Is Born tells the story of an up and coming star , guided by a seasoned pro who 's own career is headed downward .
The film is set to release in theaters on September 28 , 2018 .
©2017 CBS Local Media , a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved .
April 10 Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc :
* Aerojet Rocketdyne expands competitive improvement program to drive affordability and position for future growth
* Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc - announced plans for next phase of its competitive improvement program ( cip ) that was launched in 2015
* Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc - phase ii includes additional consolidation and optimization of aerojet rocketdyne facilities over next two years
* Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc - plans to consolidate its Sacramento and Vernon , California and Gainesville , Virginia sites
* Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc - expanding its existing presence in Huntsville , Alabama
* Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc - company plans to close its gainesville , virginia facility in q3 of 2018
* Aerojet Rocketdyne - about 170 positions there will be relocated or eliminated with relocations planned to huntsville and facility in orange county , virginia
* Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc - company expects total costs associated with cip to be $ 235.1 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Feb 2 ( OPTA ) - results from the Super League matches on Friday Hull Kingston Rovers ( 0 ) 6 Wakefield ( 18 ) 28 Salford ( 6 ) 12 Wigan ( 10 ) 40 St Helens ( 22 ) 46 Castleford ( 0 ) 6
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
April 12 Mediatel SA :
* Said on Tuesday that it has convened extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for May 8 to vote on lowering the company 's share capital by 65.4 million zlotys ( $ 16.32 million ) in order to compensate for losses incurred by the company from previous years
* Plans to lower nominal value of each share to 0.5 zloty per share from 1 zloty per share
* At the same time , the company plans to increase its share capital via issue of 130.8 million series C shares of nominal value 0.5 zloty each
* Series C shares to be offered via private subscription without pre-emptive right
* The company intends also to issue up to 138.3 million series D shares of nominal value of 0.5 zloty per share
* Series D shares to be offered via private placement without pre-emptive rights
* Says that the resolutions are aimed at defending Hawe group , and in particular Hawe Telekom , from an attempt of a hostile takeover by Hawe Telekom 's main creditor , Agencja Rozwoju Przemysłu SA
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 4.0065 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
An 88-year-old woman suffering Parkinson 's disease was fleeced of $ 45,000 by a man who has been jailed 82 times .
Damien Hakaraia was sentenced by the Whanganui District Court this week to 22 months ' imprisonment on 23 charges of using a document to obtain an advantage .
Judge Dugald Matheson also ordered Hakaraia to pay $ 7500 reparation costs .
Judge Matheson told the court that Hakaraia 's partner was an alleged co-offender and was employed at the healthcare facility where the victim lived .
Advertisement
`` She was employed as a caregiver at the healthcare facility . They dealt with the victim and had access to their personal affairs , '' the judge said .
`` The victim had their eftpos card stolen from their handbag ( which was ) in their wardrobe in their room . ''
On October 4 , Hakaraia 's partner failed to report to work and on October 18 they informed their manager that they would not be returning and resigned from their role .
`` Over a period of time , this defendant and their co-offender used the victim 's stolen eftpos card to complete numerous transactions over numerous locations , '' Judge Matheson said .
`` As is often the way with matters such as this , they have nothing to show for the amount taken from the victim . ''
The victim had $ 30,000 returned to them by their bank , but in a statement , their niece said that the process had been extremely stressful for both themselves and their aunt .
It stated that the victimt was devastated when they learned what had happened and it took them some time to get over the impact of their trust being breached .
Judge Matheson said Hakaraia 's life revolved around methamphetamine and gambling . During October they made transactions at local bars and TAB outlets throughout the Central Districts using the victim 's eftpos card .
`` Mr Hakaraia has appeared nearly every year since [ his ] first convictions in the district court back in 1998 and they have some 20 pages of adult convictions totalling in all 152 , '' Judge Matheson said .
`` He has been sadly imprisoned 82 times for separate offences . They are caught in a vicious cycle and he 's currently receiving treatment for depression . ''
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
ANKARA The arrest of a senior Turkish banker by U.S. authorities will be discussed with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when they visit Ankara this week , Turkey 's foreign minister said on Wednesday .
In an interview with broadcaster TRT Haber , Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu also called for a transparent process regarding Hakan Atilla 's arrest , and said the Turkish consul general was unable to receive information about Atilla until a formal statement was made .
U.S. prosecutors on Tuesday charged Mehmet Hakan Atilla , a deputy general manager at state lender Halkbank ( HALKB.IS ) , with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate U.S. sanctions against Iran , escalating a case that has added to tensions between the United States and Turkey .
Shares in Halkbank slumped as much as 16 percent on Wednesday .
( Reporting by Daren Butler and Humeyra Pamuk ; Writing by Ece Toksabay ; Editing by David Dolan )
* Main European markets dip in early trade
* Drops in iPhone , U.S. auto sales weigh ahead of jobs data
* Fed statement eyed for signal of June rate hike
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON , May 3 European stock markets retreated from 20-month highs and the dollar inched up on Wednesday as investors pondered the chances of another rise in U.S. interest rates next month ahead of the Federal Reserve 's May statement .
Since December , the U.S. central bank has finally begun to deliver on long-disappointed expectations of a steady rise in borrowing costs and an increase in official rates June is now almost 60 percent priced in by markets .
But U.S. economic numbers in the past month have been less convincing , and the latest gains for global share prices look as much the product of an improving recovery in Europe as the U.S.-based optimism that dominated the end of last year .
A surprise fall in iPhone sales in the first quarter and drops in vehicle sales for Ford and General Motors added to nerves about the durability of U.S. growth in the absence of a boost from tax cuts or new public spending .
Falls in the price of copper , iron ore and other metals also underlined growing nerves over China and , with oil prices stuck near recent lows , weighed on Europe 's commodity-heavy indices .
`` These numbers point to U.S. consumers becoming more cautious and do seem like a source of some of the weakness today , '' said Andy Sullivan , a portfolio manager with GL Asset Management UK in London . `` Autos , tech and basic resources are leading Europe lower . ''
By 0845 GMT , the STOXX 600 index of leading European shares was down 0.2 percent . France 's CAC 40 and Germany 's DAX .GDAXI fell 0.3 and 0.2 percent respectively while the resource-heavy FTSE 100 dipped 0.3 percent .
After a mixed Asian session , with a number of major markets closed , the MSCI global share index was marginally lower on the day .
A surge in business investment and the fastest wage growth in a decade suggest U.S. activity will regain momentum as the year progresses .
But Satoshi Okagawa , senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore , said the weak U.S. auto sales could make market participants wary of actively buying the dollar against the yen for now .
`` Concerns about geopolitical risks such as North Korea had weighed on the dollar against the yen recently ... But the focus is shifting to whether the ( strength ) of U.S. economic fundamentals is for real , '' they said .
`` There is more data coming up including the jobs data , so those need to be watched closely , '' Okagawa said , referring to the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report due on Friday .
The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of trade-weighted peers , rose 0.1 percent to 99.055 .
It gained around 0.2 percent against the yen and 0.1 percent against the euro on the day but remained below highs hit over the past week . For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters : //realtime/verb=Open/url=http : //emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets ( Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore , editing by Larry King )
BRUSSELS , April 29 European Union leaders unanimously and rapidly agreed on guidelines for the bloc 's negotiations with Britain over its withdrawal from the bloc , summit chair Donald Tusk said on Saturday .
`` Guidelines adopted unanimously . EU27 firm and fair political mandate for the Brexit talks is ready , '' Tusk said in a tweet not long after the summit of EU leaders began .
Officials said the approval took about a minute and was followed by applause from the leaders .
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker also issued a tweet saying : `` Unity in action . ''
The EU 's Brexit negotiator , Michel Barnier , is expected to launch talks with Britain on its withdrawal from the EU in June , after Britain 's parliamentary election . ( Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop ; Editing by Alastair Macdonald )
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan 's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business , deepening a spat between the partners .
April 28 MPH Mittelstaendische Pharma Holding AG :
* In Q1 of 2017 , preliminary IFRS loss for period was -2.39 million euros ( - $ 2.60 million )
* Reason for loss in period is lower share price level of shareholdings on March 31 , 2017 , compared to share prices on December 31 , 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9176 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
TORONTO/NEW YORK May 2 Buyout firms Apollo Global Management LLC , Blackstone Group LP and Centerbridge Partners LP are among potential suitors studying bids for Canada 's biggest alternative mortgage lender , Home Capital Group Inc , which sought emergency funding last week , people familiar with the matter told Reuters .
Brookfield Asset Management and Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd is among the other firms interested in buying Home Capital , the people said , speaking on condition of anonymity as the discussions are private .
Home Capital , which has a market value of about $ 350 million , said last week it had hired RBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets `` to advise on further financing and strategic options '' and after securing a high-interest C $ 2 billion credit line .
The potential bidders are working with investment banks as they consider their options and are likely to wait until a Canadian regulator holds a hearing on Thursday , the people added . The Ontario Securities Commission has accused Home Capital of making `` materially misleading statements '' to investors and named its current chief financial officer and two former chief executive officers .
Home Capital and Brookfield declined to comment . Apollo , Blackstone , Centerbridge and Fairfax did not immediately respond to requests for comment . ( Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Jessica DiNapoli in New York ; Editing by Nick Zieminski )
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team , the country 's Olympic committee said Monday .
Sofia Velikaya said the Russian Olympic Committee 's athletes ' commission , which they chair , has heard from `` all the athletes in all sports '' on the Olympic program , with a majority in favor of competing .
Velikaya said no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott .
`` At the current moment , everyone 's training and everyone 's hoping to take part in the Olympics , '' Velikaya said .
Advertisement
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from Pyeongchang because of doping offenses at the 2014 Sochi Games , but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as `` Olympic Athletes from Russia . ''
Last week , Russian President Vladimir Putin said the government wo n't stand in their way .
ROC spokesperson Konstantin Vybornov said teams from biathlon and snowboard had recorded videos affirming their desire to compete , while the men 's hockey team has written `` a collective letter . ''
Some Russian hardliners believe it is shameful for athletes to compete at the Olympics without their national flag . But Velikaya defended the athletes , saying everyone watching will know who is from Russia .
`` The choice of competing at the Olympics is strictly individual , '' Velikaya said . `` I call on Russian society to treat athletes ' decisions with understanding and respect . ''
With the IOC due to send out invitations to individual Russians over the next two months , Velikaya said Russian sports officials would put together lists of their preferred teams . Those rosters , they said , would stop the IOC from inviting `` numbers five and six '' in the Russian team while leaving out genuine medal contenders .
Russia is pushing back against some IOC conditions , however , backing appeals by Russian athletes banned for doping at the 2014 Sochi Olympics .
Velikaya also said their commission will ask the IOC to remove a condition stopping athletes from being invited to Pyeongchang if they have been suspended for doping in the past . That affects a few athletes with earlier offenses unconnected to the Sochi Olympics , including biathletes banned for using the blood-booster EPO and speedskating world champion Denis Yuskov , who was suspended in 2008 after testing positive for marijuana .
Forcing the Russians to compete as neutral athletes puts the IOC in the uncomfortable position of regulating how they celebrate .
The Russian flag wo n't be flown at medal ceremonies , but what happens if a Russian winner accepts a flag or a gift from a spectator for a victory lap ? Can Russian athletes fly the flag from their windows in the athletes village ? Those are on a list of questions Vybornov said Russia will ask of the IOC .
`` A figure skater wins , let 's say , and they throw them a teddy bear in Russian uniform onto the ice , '' Vybornov said . `` She picks it up . Can they do that ? Or is that an offense ? ''
State Department employers gather to listen remarks by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the State Department in Washington , U.S. , May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson waves after delivering remarks to the employees at the State Department in Washington , U.S. , May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivers remarks to the employees at the State Department in Washington , U.S. , May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivers remarks to the employees at the State Department in Washington , U.S. , May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday outlined for their staff how an `` America First '' agenda translates into foreign policy , but did not address the Trump administration 's proposed budget cuts , which worry many diplomats .
It was the first time Tillerson had addressed all employees since their first day on the job on Feb. 2 , when they spoke to hundreds of State Department officials in the building 's lobby , and the most thorough explanation yet of the Trump administration 's approach to foreign policy .
Some allies and even some U.S. officials have interpreted Republican President Donald Trump 's `` America First '' agenda , which puts Americans ' interests at home ahead of those of its partners overseas , as a threat to retreat from the world .
Tillerson said U.S. foreign policy priorities had gotten `` a little bit out of balance '' in the previous decades , with the United States too focussed on promoting economic activity and trade with emerging economies .
`` These are really important relationships to us , and they 're really important alliances , but we 've got to bring them back into balance , '' they said , speaking without notes and walking around the stage in a packed State Department auditorium .
They also signalled that the United States would de-emphasize human rights concerns in some of its interactions with other countries , saying that while U.S. values remain constant , its policies can adapt .
`` If we condition too heavily that others must adopt this value that we 've come to over a long history of our own , it really creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests , our economic interests , '' Tillerson said .
TILLERSON 'S WORLD TOUR
Tillerson gave a tour of U.S. priorities around the world , including in East Asia , Russia , Africa , and the Western Hemisphere , omitting Europe .
With regard to North Korea 's nuclear programme , Tillerson said the administration is willing to use so-called secondary sanctions to target foreign companies that continue to do business with Pyongyang in contravention of United Nations sanctions .
The pressure campaign on North Korea is `` at about dial setting 5 or 6 right now , '' Tillerson said .
On China , Tillerson said the United States has a `` tremendous opportunity '' to define its relationship with the superpower for the next several decades , and that they sensed great interest by the Chinese leadership to do that as well .
They and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will chair a dialogue with their Chinese counterparts in June , in addition to a dialogue focussed on economics and trade and led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross .
Tillerson said they had told Russian President Vladimir Putin during their visit to Moscow last month that U.S.-Russia relations were at their lowest point since the Cold War .
`` He did not disagree , '' Tillerson said . `` He shrugged their shoulders and nodded in agreement . ''
But in remarks lasting nearly 40 minutes , Tillerson did not address the administration 's proposed 28 percent budget cut for U.S. diplomacy and foreign aid , which would reduce funding for the United Nations , climate change and cultural exchange programs . That proposal has made many American diplomats and aid workers anxious .
The Trump administration also has not named candidates for the vast majority of State Department positions requiring Senate confirmation , and many are being filled by career diplomats in `` acting '' positions . Tillerson began their remarks by thanking those officials , to applause from the crowd .
One veteran official who watched the speech criticized Tillerson 's use of the `` America First '' slogan . The phrase was used in the 1930s by isolationists who sought to keep the United States out of World War Two .
`` The fact that they still use 'America First ' shows they know nothing about history , and what 's worse is they do n't care .
`` It 's offensive , '' said the official , who requested anonymity .
Tillerson 's remarks followed an invitation to State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development employees this week to participate in an online survey to help identify `` efficiency improvements , '' in line with a March directive from Trump to `` reorganize governmental functions and eliminate unnecessary agencies . '' In their speech , the secretary urged employees to fill out the survey and give input on how to reform the agency .
Tillerson said the State Department , like many institutions , was built for the Cold War era .
They said they recognised that deep change to the State Department `` is really stressful for a lot of people '' and said the administration has `` no preconceived notions on the outcome '' of a review .
One State Department official faulted Tillerson for not talking in detail about the budget cuts , as well as for not taking questions from employees .
Previous secretaries of state , including Colin Powell , Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton , held question-and-answer sessions with State Department employees within weeks of taking office .
`` They wanted to make this look like they were talking to us , but it was more about the appearance than any substance , '' said the official , speaking on the condition of anonymity .
Two other State Department officials , however , spoke highly of Tillerson 's remarks , saying it was early to expect them to take questions from the rank and file and saying they provided guidance both on foreign policy and on the challenge of reorganizing the department .
`` I can understand folks wanting more details . I just do n't think we are in a place where they can provide more details , '' said one of these officials about the expected State Department budget cuts . `` My big takeaway was put on your big-girl britches , and when you look back you will feel like you were part of making this reform happen . ''
( Additonal reporting by Arshad Mohammad , Jonathan Landay and John Walcott ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
ZAGREB , March 29 Financial difficulties at Croatia 's biggest private company Agrokor will not destabilise the banking system , the country 's central bank governor said on Wednesday .
Food producer and retailer Agrokor , whose revenues are equivalent to 15 percent of Croatia 's gross domestic product , is laden with debts of 45 billion kunas ( $ 6.5 bln ) , according to the latest data , or six times its equity .
`` Croatia 's banking system is strong enough to face the toughest situations and it will remain stable despite the developments with Agrokor , '' central bank Governor Boris Vujcic said .
Croatia 's banking system benefited from banks ' very high average capital adequacy ratio of 23 percent , they said .
Agrokor has been in debt restructuring talks with its creditors , most notably Russia 's Sberbank , its top creditor .
According to local media reports , unconfirmed by Agrokor or Sberbank , a deal on a liquidity injection could be finalised in the coming days .
A major portion of debt , worth 500 million euros ( $ 537 mln ) , matures early next year .
The Croatian government is working on a new law aimed at shielding the economy and the financial system from the risks of a major corporate failure .
Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said on Wednesday the draft law could be approved at a cabinet session on Friday . ( $ 1 = 6.9219 kuna ) ( $ 1 = 0.9309 euros ) ( Reporting by Igor Ilic ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
TOKYO Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Wednesday further yen declines may help the central bank achieve its 2 percent inflation target more quickly , even as geopolitical tensions lifted the Japanese currency to a five-month high against the dollar .
Kuroda reiterated that the BOJ was not targeting exchange rates in guiding monetary policy and instead was pumping money into the economy to spur inflation .
But they conceded the benefits a weak yen would have in accelerating inflation , such as by pushing up the cost of imports and thereby overall price growth .
`` The BOJ guides monetary policy to achieve its price target at an early date and does n't directly target exchange rates , '' Kuroda told parliament .
As the economy continues to recover and the base effect from last year 's oil price fall dissipates , inflation will accelerate and heighten public 's inflation expectations , they said .
`` Having said that , it 's true that if the yen weakens , it may quicken achievement of our price target , '' Kuroda said .
The dollar languished at a five-month low versus the yen on Wednesday , as simmering geopolitical tensions checked risk appetite and put the safe-haven Japanese currency in favour .
The dollar was at 109.745 yen after touching 109.535 earlier in the session , its lowest since Nov. 17 .
Japan has been mired in deflation for nearly two decades as households sit on a pile of cash on uncertainty over the outlook .
The BOJ has deployed massive monetary stimulus since 2013 in the hope the public 's perception of deflation will shift , with little success .
Core consumer prices rose 0.2 percent in February from a year earlier and analysts expect inflation to accelerate closer to 1 percent later this year due to a rebound in oil costs and rising import prices from last yen falls .
But major Japanese retailers have announced sweeping price cuts for food goods and daily necessities , underscoring the difficulty facing the central bank as it tries to spur inflation and coax consumers to boost spending .
The central bank will review its economic and price projections at its policy meeting on April 26-27 .
The BOJ now projects core consumer inflation to hit 1.5 percent in the current fiscal year that ends in March 2018 , and accelerate to 1.7 percent in fiscal 2018 . That far exceeds private-sector projections of around 1 percent for both years .
( Reporting by Stanley White ; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim & Shri Navaratnam )
May 3 Standard Motor Products Inc
* Standard Motor Products Inc announces first quarter 2017 results and a quarterly dividend
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.74 from continuing operations excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.70 from continuing operations
* Q1 sales $ 282.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 266.6 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.64 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Will be relocating balance of Grapevine , Texas , operation to Reynosa , Mexico
* Standard motor products-previously announced relocation of electronics plant in Orlando , Florida , to facility in independence , Kansas , to be complete by mid-2018
* Sets quarterly dividend of $ 0.19per share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A firefighter walks on Georgia Highway 177 as the West Mims fire burns in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge , Georgia , U.S. April 25 , 2017 . Fish and Wildlife Service/Mark Davis/Handout via REUTERS
A firefighter carries a fawn deer to safety before a tactical burnout in the Chesser Island area , as the West Mims fire burns in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge in a photo released in Folkston , Georgia , U.S. April 28 , 2017 . Fish and Wildlife Service/Handout via REUTERS
The West Mims fire burns in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge in a photo released in Folkston , Georgia , U.S. April 29 , 2017 . Fish and Wildlife Service/Handout via REUTERS
An airplane drops fire retardent as the West Mims fire burns in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge in a photo released in Folkston , Georgia , U.S. April 29 , 2017 . Fish and Wildlife Service/Handout via REUTERS
Smoke is seen during sunset as the West Mims fire burns in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge , Georgia , U.S. in a photo released April 29 , 2017 . Fish and Wildlife Service/Mark Davis/Handout via REUTERS
The West Mims fire burns in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge , Georgia , U.S. April 25 , 2017 . Fish and Wildlife Service/Michael Lusk/Handout via REUTERS
A wildfire that has burned more than 100,000 acres ( 40,469 hectares ) at the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge in southern Georgia could take until November before it is put out , the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service said on Monday .
The fire has burned about one-fourth of the wildlife refuge , and the blaze is considered only eight-percent contained , said Mark Davis , spokesperson for the service .
`` November is the worst-case scenario , '' said Davis . `` The firefighters ' plan is to contain the fire as best they can , hoping that nature will cooperate with some rainfall . ''
Helicopters , bulldozers and 500 firefighters are involved in fighting the blaze , Davis said .
No homes have been burned or threatened , but smoke has reached some cities including Waycross , Georgia , Davis said .
While much of the wildlife refuge is marshland and swamp , parts of it are prairie and wooded land . The refuge is home to black bears , alligators and sandhill cranes . Davis said wildlife knows to avoid the flames .
Six years ago , a wildfire burned more than 300,000 acres ( 12,1406 hectares ) of the 407,000-acre ( 16,4707-hectare ) refuge , Davis said .
( Reporting by Bernie Woodall ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
DUBAI , April 6 Gulf shares were marginally lower on Thursday amid caution from investors ahead of companies reporting first quarter results .
Dubai insurance companies made strong gains by the close , lifted by investor bets on good results from the sector and market speculation on consolidation .
Dar Al Takaful Insurance jumped 14.84 percent at the closing bell , while Dubai Islamic Insurance and Re-insurance was up 9.64 percent . Islamic Arab Insurance rose 3.21 percent .
`` We noticed the gains are happening across most of the insurance companies , mostly in Dubai . It could be driven by better Q1 expectations of results for the sector , or because of the compulsory insurance in Dubai , '' said Mohammed Ali Yasin , the chief executive officer of NBAD Securities .
`` There is also some market chatter that there could be some consolidation in the sector this year , '' they said .
Dubai Health Authority announced at the end of March that 99 percent of residents were now covered by its new mandatory health insurance plan .
Declines in Dubai on the wider market were led by budget carrier Air Arabia , which was down 1.79 percent . Dubai Financial Market Company , the listed shares of the bourse , was down 1.55 percent . At the close , the Dubai Financial Market General Index was down 0.19 percent at the close .
In Abu Dhabi , the declines were led by telecommunications , property and banks .
Etisalat , which has the highest weighting on the index , was down 0.82 percent .
Aldar Properties declined 0.44 percent , while RAK Properties lost 1.52 percent . Abu Dhabi-listed Bank of Sharjah lost 0.72 percent , while National Bank of Abu Dhabi lost 0.88 percent .
Saudi Arabian stocks rose on Thursday amid investor bets that the kingdom was making solid progress towards an inclusion into MSCI 's emerging markets index .
`` This is benefiting the market as a whole in terms of sentiment , '' said Marwan Shurrab , head of high net worth and retail equities brokage at AlRamz Capital .
Dar Al Arkan declined 0.8 percent after it said it raised $ 500 million , the fourth tranche of its international sukuk programme .
Trading was mostly focused on Saudi Basic Industries Corp , which rose 1 percent , as 422.77 million riyals worth of shares changed hands .
The Saudi Tadawul All-Share Index rose 0.35 percent .
Elsewhere in the region , Kuwait 's measure declined 0.42 percent , while Qatar 's benchmark slipped 0.1 percent .
THURSDAY 'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 0.35 percent to 7,075.57 points .
DUBAI
* The index lost 0.19 percent to 3,566.35 points .
ABU DHABI
* The index lost 0.55 percent to 4,615.23 points .
QATAR
* The index lost 0.1 percent to 10,466.99 points .
KUWAIT
* The index declined 0.42 percent to 7,029.80 points .
BAHRAIN
* The index edged up 0.21 percent to 1,353.36 points .
EGYPT
* The index declined 1.44 percent to 13,098.54 points . ( $ 1 = 3.7502 riyals ) ( Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh ; Editing by Alison Williams )
HARTFORD — Capitol Region Education Council will help provide free meals to children 18 and under this summer .
Breakfast and lunch will be offered at CREC locations in Hartford , East Hartford and West Hartford .
Breakfast will be served from 8:40 a.m. to 9 a.m. and lunch will be served 11:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. at Greater Hartford Academy of Arts High School at 160 Huyshope Ave .
Meals will be served daily through Aug. 4 except for July 4 .
Those interested in receiving more information should contact CREC at 111 Charter Oak Ave. Hartford or call 860-509-3774 .
* Crown firms , rebounding from 18-month lows vs the euro * Czech commitment to keep cap on crown ends on Friday * Roller coaster heralds further volatility in Czech markets * Crown long closings can create demand for other CEE units-dealer By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE , March 31 The Czech crown firmed up , reversing an early slide to 18-month lows against the euro , as the central bank 's commitment to capping its value came to an end on Friday . The currency 's spot value and implied rates in forward deals have been on a roller coaster since the Czech central bank 's ( CNB ) Thursday meeting . The bank confirmed that its commitment to keep the crown weaker than 27 per euro would expire at the end of the first quarter . It also omitted from its statement a line saying it would end its 3-1/2 year-old `` weak crown regime '' around the middle of the year , meaning it could potentially remove the cap any time after Friday . It is highly uncertain how the crown will move once it is set free , and the recent days ' movements gave investors a feeling of a likely surge in volatility . The CNB has spent tens of billions of euros in the last few months defending the cap as many investors speculated that the strong Czech economy could boost the crown once the policy is abandoned . As the exit may be near , they are concerned that a huge amount of accumulated crown buying positions could raise questions on how many further buyers come after the cap is gone . The crown , after setting a new 18-month low in early trade at 27.252 , rebounded to 27.024 by 1338 GMT , a quarter percent firmer than at Thursday 's close . In its implied forward rates , it also rebounded from multi-month lows which it set at weaker levels than the current cap . The bid implied in one-month forward deals jumped to 26.913 from a nine-month low at 27.147 . The implied rate in one-year forwards surged to 26.646 from a seven-month low of 26.95 . `` The buying ( euro for crown ) fever has disappeared for a while and the interest to sell is still quite big , '' one Prague-based trader said . Czech bonds were mixed after Thursday 's 10 basis point fall in yields . Other central European bond markets were bullish , with Polish yields trading near their lowest levels this year and Hungarian yields near multi-week lows . The forint firmed 0.1 percent against the euro . The zloty eased 0.4 percent but remains near 17-month highs . `` The euro has been easing against everything ( in the past week ) as earlier expectations for euro zone monetary tightening were overdone , '' one Budapest-based dealer said . `` I do not rule out that some investors who close positions in the Czech crown will reinvest the money elsewhere in Central Europe , including the forint , '' the dealer added . CEE SNAPS AT 1538 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.02 27.09 +0.2 -0.06 40 40 6 % % Hungary 308.2 308.6 +0.1 0.18 % forint 500 600 3 % Polish 4.229 4.213 -0.40 4.12 % zloty 8 1 % Romanian 4.552 4.553 +0.0 -0.38 leu 5 3 2 % % Croatian 7.446 7.445 -0.01 1.47 % kuna 0 5 % Serbian 123.7 123.9 +0.1 -0.33 dinar 600 500 5 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 980.6 983.6 -0.31 +6.4 1 7 % 0 % Budapest 31710 32144 -1.35 -0.91 .72 .67 % % Warsaw 2186 . 2209 . -1.02 +12 . 62 10 % 25 % Bucharest 8064 . 8018 . +0.5 +13 . 56 47 7 % 83 % Ljubljana 774.7 772.0 +0.3 +7.9 0 0 5 % 6 % Zagreb 1962 . 1953 . +0.4 -1.64 07 39 4 % % Belgrade 1 5 % 1 % Sofia 633.8 633.0 +0.1 +8.0 3 4 2 % 8 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 3 bps 5-year bps s 10-year bps Poland 2-year E ! 8 E ! 5-year E ! E ! 10-year E ! 3 E ! FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.32 0.35 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.19 0.25 0.34 0.18 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.751 1.769 1.801 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Reporting by Sandor Peto ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
OSLO , March 31 Norway 's public finances will face greater pressure in the future as the country 's sovereign wealth fund is expected to grow more slowly , the country 's centre-right government said in a long-term planning document on Friday .
`` Investment returns are anticipated to moderate , and the oil price is not expected to return to previous highs . At the same time , an ageing population will increase spending on pensions , health , and social services , '' it said .
`` Moving forward , the room for manoeuvre in the budget will be far less than what we have become accustomed to , '' it added . ( Reporting by Terje Solsvik , editing by Gwladys Fouche )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Adds details , table ) TOKYO , April 28 Japan 's oil sales last month were 15.9 million kilolitres ( 3.23 million barrels per day ) , down 3.7 percent from a year earlier , the Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry said on Friday , the lowest March volume in more than four decades . Oil demand in the world 's third-biggest economy has been declining for more than a decade , reflecting a falling population and a shift to more efficient vehicles and equipment . Japan 's crude oil imports in March fell 10 percent from a year earlier to 3.2 million barrels per day ( 15.79 million kilolitres ) , the data showed . The following table shows Japan 's crude imports and oil product sales in barrels per day . Product/Volume March Feb M/M ( % ) Yr/Yr ( % ) Crude Imports 3,203,848 3,539,040 -9.5 -10.0 Crude Throughput 3,300,939 3,569,757 -7.5 -4.3 Direct crude burn 42,182 55,807 -24.4 -35.2 Oil product sales 3,225,994 3,489,771 -7.6 -3.7 gasoline 880,240 868,923 1.3 -2.9 kerosene 413,119 562,018 -26.5 0.8 naphtha 794,546 851,231 -6.7 3.1 Oil product imports 525,077 638,272 -17.7 11.3 gasoline 4,725 13,613 -65.3 -46.4 kerosene 17,722 50,560 -64.9 284.7 naphtha 457,979 511,278 -10.4 20.0 Oil product exports 570,997 550,169 3.8 -5.2 gasoline 107,810 103,214 4.5 0.2 kerosene 5 8,992 -99.9 -99.9 jet fuel 164,408 154,416 6.5 5.1 gas oil 146,106 133,562 9.4 -19.2 fuel oil B , C 125,408 114,852 9.2 -3.6 Refinery Output 3,172,787 3,348,445 -5.2 -4.2 gasoline 955,580 957,677 -0.2 -2.8 kerosene 308,889 416,214 -25.8 -15.8 naphtha 353,079 377,432 -6.5 1.4 jet fuel 268,974 227,036 18.5 13.3 gas oil 693,373 759,180 -8.7 -3.8 Month end Inventory March Feb M/M ( % ) Yr/Yr ( % ) Crude 78.6 83.1 -5.5 -11.8 Products 53.3 57.3 -7.0 -3.2 gasoline 10.9 11.2 -3.1 1.3 kerosene 6.2 9.0 -30.9 -11.5 Refinery run rate March Feb M/M ( pt ) Yr/Yr ( pt ) ( % ) 87.2 94.1 -6.9 -0.7 ( Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Dale Hudson )
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
A Whangārei woman is scared to go back to their home after it was burgled while they were in hospital having an operation .
Compounding their fears is the concern that some of the property stolen from their home was found at a neighbouring property .
The woman , who the Northern Advocate has decided not to name , was in Whangārei Hospital over the weekend having long-awaited surgery . They went into hospital on Friday and on Monday their son went to their home to feed the cats .
However , when they arrived they noticed their mother 's car was parked near the front door and packed full with their belongings .
Advertisement
The son went inside and a lot more of their mother 's belongings were stacked up in the hall , with some boxed up ready to be carted of .
They called their mother at hospital and jokingly said `` are you shifting house ? ''
They informed them they are n't and the police were called .
The thieves had entered the house between Friday night and Sunday and had taken a wide range of property , including cutlery , mirrors , a coffee maker , food out of cupboards and freezer , some clothes - everything except furniture and heavy appliances .
Officers were quick to discover that some of the woman 's stolen property was in a neighbouring house , and a woman was arrested and charged receiving stolen goods . The woman is alleged to have received various household items , including golf clubs , suitcases , two backpacks , laptop and jewellery items . Police inquiries are continuing .
The burglary victim said they were now scared to stay at their home , given that people from the neighbourhood were allegedly involved .
'' I own this house . This is my home , but now I want to leave because of what these neighbours are like and what new tenants might be like . ''
They were too frightened to stay there on their own .
They and their son thought the house might have been first burgled on Friday and the thieves possibly went back later for more . It appeared they were going to take their car as well , they said .
■ Jenny Patrina Pomere , 38 , appeared in Whangārei District Court yesterday charged with receiving stolen goods . They did not enter a plea and was remanded on bail to reappear in the court on June 18 .
( Adds CEO quotes , share price , analyst , detail )
March 30 Norway 's Opera Software Asa on Thursday set a goal to raise its revenues to more than $ 1 billion in 2019 or 2020 , from $ 537 million in 2016 , and to boost its EBITDA earnings margin to about 15 percent from the 9.1 percent seen last year .
* Thomson Reuters Eikon data show analysts had on average expected Opera 's revenues to rise to $ 778 million in 2019 , with an EBITDA margin of 13.4 percent
* Opera 's shares traded 4.6 pct higher for the day at NOK 40.7 by 1030 GMT
* Company maintains 2017 target of revenues $ 550 million- $ 650 million , up from $ 537 million in 2016
* Maintains 2017 target of adjusted EBITDA $ 50 million- $ 70 million , corresponding to an EBITDA margin of 9-11 percent
* Says medium-term ambition is for revenue to exceed $ 1 billion , adjusted EBITDA margin of about 15 percent
* CEO Lars Boilesen told Reuters : `` medium-term '' refers to 2019 or 2020 , depending on how quickly the AdColony unit grows
* Brokerage Pareto Securities said Opera 's medium-term sales and EBITDA targets sharply exceed market expectations for 2019
* Pareto : `` this adds confidence in the company 's ability to lift margins within mobile advertising , which have come under pressure the past 2 years , and we expect a positive share reaction today
* Pareto has buy recommendation and a target price of NOK 43
* Opera says main drivers of medium-term ambition in AdColony unit are new product launches and automation/operational efficiencies
* Says main drivers of medium-term ambition in Bemobi unit are its market-leading position in Latin America and an international expansion
* Says main drivers of medium-term ambition in SurfEasy are white-label VPN solution roll-out with partners and continued growth in consumer VPN subscribers
* Says main drivers of medium-term ambition in SkyFire are a push from mobile operators for unlimited data plans and `` wins and design-ins from network suppliers '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord ; editing by Niklas Pollard and Terje Solsvik )
Architect claims NY 's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK , June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan 's One World Trade Center , claiming that the building bears a `` striking similarity '' to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Contact
James Eddershaw
* * * @ shotoku.co.uk James Eddershaw
End
-- Buffalo , NY – Shotoku Broadcast Systems , a leading international manufacturer of advanced camera support products , has named Matt Servis its Robotics Support Specialist — North America . The announcement was made by James Eddershaw , Managing Director , Shotoku UK.According to Eddershaw , Servis will be responsible for providing technical and sales support to the Company 's current customer base and further expanding its presence in North America , a region where Shotoku has enjoyed long-term success in numerous broadcast , cable and network operations , and government facilities . `` We are excited to have Matt join the ever-growing Shotoku family , '' says Eddershaw . `` His years of experience in the industry , and the high regard in which he 's held among their clients and colleagues , make them the ideal candidate for Robotics Support Specialist within our newly created company , Shotoku USA . Matt has held key positions with prominent industry organizations and broadcasters , and we are pleased that they will put their know-how to work for Shotoku as we expand our operations in the American market . `` Servis brings more than 25 years of engineering and sales experience to Shotoku . Most recently they served as Sales Engineer/Account Manager for Audio-Video Corporation where they designed product specific solutions , including camera support systems , based on customers needs and budgets . Servis also held the position of Chief Engineer for WVNY-ABC22 / WFFF-FOX44/CW responsible for the first HD newscast in the Burlington/Plattsburgh market and the build out of DTV facilities for two stations . Additionally , they were Project Manager/Engineer for Beers Associates as well as the Empire Sports Network . `` I am thrilled to join the Shotoku team where I can apply my experience supporting customers in broadcast , education , sports and government . I look forward to working with the Company 's existing customers and expanding its market share in such a key region , '' says Servis.Matt will be based in the New York region and can be reached at mservis @ shotoku.tvShotoku Broadcast Systems is an international leader in the manufacture and marketing of a full range of camera support products with emphasis on manual and robotic pedestals and pan/tilt heads for the television broadcast industry . The Company also provides robotic camera systems capable of interfacing with third-party equipment . Established as an engineering design firm specializing in advanced mechanics and electronic control systems , Shotoku maintains headquarters in Japan with sales offices around the world and robotics development HQ in Sunbury-on-Thames , UK . For further information : # # # Shotoku contact : James Eddershaw+44 ( 0 ) 1784 224650 / mailto : info @ shotoku.co.uk Press contact : Desert Moon Communications / Harriet Diener+1-845-512-8283 / mailto : harriet @ desertmoon.tv
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
By : State House Media and Communications Unit .
The First Lady of the Republic of Sierra Leone , Mrs Fatima Bio has , on Sunday 22nd April 2018 , received an award from Shafallah , a leading and non-profit centre in Doha dedicated to children with special needs .
The award ceremony which took place at the Shafallah Centre is in recognition of the First Lady 's work with children especially in the area of education and their wellbeing . The award was handed over by the Executive Director of the Qatar Foundation , Omran Hamad Al Kumari .
In furtherance of the mission of the Qatar Foundation , the Shafallah Centre helps people with intellectual disabilities and autism by providing model services in the state of Qatar in the areas of education , rehabilitation , community awareness and human rights support in order to achieve more independent life and to activate their inclusion in the society .
Over the years , Mrs Bio has provided assistance to children with disabilities in London and as Co-founder of the Maada and Fatima Foundation , they also dedicated the work of the Foundation in supporting vulnerable children whether in hospitals , organising feeding programs or donating medical items to hospitals .
In a separate engagement , Them Highness Sheikha Hint Bind Hamad Al Thani , Vice Chairperson and CEO of Qatar Foundation for Education , Science and Community Development , also made a conducted tour with the First Lady to the Qatar Foundation Centre and the Qatar Foundation .
The tour by the First Lady to the educational centres is to promote their husband 's free education programme which was at the heart of the President 's campaign . One immediate success of the First Lady was that because of their passion for education Them Highness Sheikha Hint Bind Hamad Al Thani formally invited the First Lady to participate in the Qatar Foundation Conference on Education in Ghana scheduled for 9th May 2018 . Additionally , Them Highness also promised that Sierra Leone will now be considered for the Qatar Scholarships for deprived Children in Africa .
©State House Media and Communications Unit
April 10 First Financial Northwest Inc -
* First Financial Northwest Bank to purchase four bank branches and to open two additional branches
* First Financial Northwest Bank to assume about $ 102 million in deposits related to branches , based on deposits as of Dec 31 , 2016
* Bank is not acquiring any loans as part of the transaction Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
PARIS France condemned a ballistic missile test conducted on Saturday by North Korea and called for a `` firm '' and `` determined '' reaction towards Pyongyang .
`` In spite of its failure , this test confirms the willingness of the North Korean regime to obtain an operational nuclear capacity and constitutes a threat to international peace and security , '' a spokesperson with the French ministry of foreign affairs said in an emailed statement .
North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to `` catastrophic consequences '' , sparking condemnations worldwide .
U.S. and South Korean officials said the test , from an area north of the North Korean capital , appeared to have failed , in what would be the North 's fourth straight unsuccessful missile test since March .
( Reporting by Matthias Blamont ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
WITH Their pretty and tall girlfriend in tow , Derek Ramsay—in sporty getup—breezed into the “ Cristy Ferminute ” booth last Monday .
Their radio visit was to plug their latest series titled “ Amo ” which premieres on TV5 this Sunday . In the drug-themed story , the dashing Fil-Brit actor plays a bad cop .
It was their first time to work under the directorial flight attendantship of multi-awarded filmmaker Brillante Mendoza . What was it like working with the one of the country 's topnotch directors ?
“ He 's not the typical director who 'd work with all the cameras positioned on the set , so people would hardly notice there actually was a taping in progress . Nakatago kasi ang mga camera , ” Derek told Vignettes about how distinct Mendoza 's workstyle is compared to the other directors they had worked in the past .
“ There was this scene we shot somewhere in Mandaluyong City . Along with two other men in uniform , I was supposed to get off the van and just keep running around the busy neighborhood . Basta bahala na akong sundan ng camera . Nung actual take na , I could see people scampering in different directions . Akala nila , talagang may raid . But I was also scared , someone might resist or fight back that 's why I had real cops behind me . ”
It was followed by a scene at the morgue where Derek had to check on the lifeless bodies for identification . This time , residents had already known about the ongoing taping .
“ Ang sabi lang ni direk sa kanila , okey lang manood sila but never take pictures of me on their mobile phones . Kaya nung nag-take na , lumabas na natural ‘ yung eksena , kunwari nag-uusyoso sila , ” Derek went on .
Meanwhile , it 's a known showbiz fact that while all the other artists—who had then moved in to TV5 for greener pastures—have either gone back or transferred to other stations , Derek has opted to remain with the Kapatid Network .
“ TV5 has always acknowledged what I 'm most passionate about . And I will eternally be grateful for it , ” Derek summed up .
* * *
GUESS WHO ? A showbiz mom ( SM ) begrudges their first cousin-actor ( FCA ) for failing to pay their last respects to their older brother at their wake .
“ Until the last night of the wake , hinihintay nung SM na sumilip man lang ‘ yung FCA niya pero ni anino nito , wala sa burol , ” a source told Vignettes .
The SM 's brother , who had worked in the military service in the US , decided to stay in the country for good . They met their untimely death while driving a private-owned taxi due to heart attack .
“ Ayaw na sanang manumbat ng SM , pero nakalimutan na ba nung FCA ang hirap sa kanya noon ng pinsang-buo rin niya ? The deceased male cousin would even wash their FCA 's undies , yes , that 's how much they cared about her ! ”
Well , Strike 2 for the SM . Was their FCA in sight when the SM 's mother ( the former 's doting aunt without whom they would not have made a big name in local music ) passed away earlier ?
* * *
A FORMER driver ( FD ) of a hunk actor ( HA ) is spreading around the reason why they resigned from work .
Relayed to Vignettes , the FD could n't bear the HA 's frugal ways , not just toward them but their co-workers as well .
“ One time inutusan niya ‘ yung driver na mag-take out ng pagkain from a fast food chain . Gutom na raw kasi siya pero hindi niya naisip na nagugutom din ‘ yung driver niya . Para sa kanya lang talaga ‘ yung pinabili niya while for sure they knew their driver was starving . ”
In a separate instance , this time during a taping break on the set , the HA 's co-actors each pitched in to buy pizza by delivery . The HA , however , pretended to be dozing off so they were understandably spared from the contribution .
When the order came , the HA was awakened then grabbed slice after slice of the family-size pizza . Without saying a word , their co-actors had a collective self-balloon : “ Alam na ! ”
March 29 Exxon Mobil Corp
* Point Resources , majority owned by HitecVision , says to buy ExxonMobil 's operated upstream business in Norway
* Point Resources says transaction subject to regulatory and partner consents and is expected to complete in q4 2017 , with an effective date of 1 January 2017
* Point Resources says 2016 production was 54,000 boe/d from the ExxonMobil operated fields
* Point Resources says the combined company has the potential to grow its production base organically to over 80,000 boe/d by 2022 Source text : bit.ly/2nuwaVE Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Terje Solsvik )
HSBC Malaysia to invest $ 250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR , June 15 HSBC 's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $ 250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange ( TRX ) financial district .
Phones , speakers , cameras , laptops , Google made a number of new announcements earlier this week , but there was a conspicuous lack of anything relating to Android Wear . Yesterday , smartwatch fans panicked when the option to buy Android Wear devices was removed from the Google store .
While LG 's Style and Sport smartwatches still appear in the store , both are now listed as no longer available . The change started speculation that this could signal the beginning of the end for the platform , but it turns out that Android Wear is n't going away .
Responding to a question on Twitter , Google employee Hoi Lam explained that the company decided it will only stock products either branded by Google or part of the “ Made for Google ” program on its online store .
Do n't be sad ! 😊 The Google Store team made a change that they will only stock Google made hardware . 1/ — Hoi Lam ( @ hoitab ) October 5 , 2017
Lam went on to say that Google 's store team had known about the plan for nearly a year . The company has been focusing on custom Android Wear storefronts with online retailers such as Amazon , while continuing to push the platform with its offline partner stores .
“ Our team knew the plant for a year now and invested in custom store fronts with online retailers e.g . Amazon . Together with all our partners ( online/offline ) , we will reach more people all over the world than ever before , ” wrote Lam .
“ When I visited partner stores in London and Shanghai , they could n't be more excited about our line-up this fall . On the technical front , I have more to share about how we think about updates – stay tuned ! ”
So , while the launch of Android Wear 2.0 does n't seem to have done much to boost the popularity of smartwatches , it seems reports of its death were greatly exaggerated .
Police have block a area in central Oslo and arrested a man after the discovery of 'bomb-like device ' , in Oslo , Norway April 8 , 2017 . Fredrik Varfjell/NTB Scanpix via REUTERS
Members of Oslo police bomb squad work at the scene the after the discovery of a 'bomb-like device ' , in Oslo , Norway April 8 , 2017 . Picture taken April 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ole Petter Skonnord -
Rescue workers are seen in an area in central Oslo cordoned off by the police after the discovery of a 'bomb-like device ' , in Oslo , Norway April 8 , 2017 . Picture taken April 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ole Petter Skonnord
OSLO Norwegian police raised the country 's security threat level following the discovery of an explosive device in central Oslo late on Saturday .
A 17-year-old Russian citizen , who had lived in Norway since 2010 and had applied for asylum , was a suspect in the case and was in custody , police said on Sunday , after they set off a controlled explosion of a `` bomb-like device '' on Saturday night .
The suspect has denied any guilt , their lawyer told tabloid Verdens Gang .
The risk of an attack taking place in Norway has been raised to `` probable '' from `` possible '' , Benedicte Bjoernland , head of the police security service ( PST ) , told a news conference , adding that the new threat level will be in place for two months .
It remained unclear if the 17-year-old had acted on their own , they said , or whether or not they had intentions of carrying out an attack .
`` But it 's likely that the attacks during the last year in France , Germany , Britain , Russia and Sweden are having a contagious effect also in Norway , impacting people with extreme Islamist sympathies , '' Bjoernland added .
The police bomb squad said the device found in Oslo was about 30 cm ( 1 ft ) across and had appeared capable of causing only a limited amount of damage .
Police in the Nordic region have been on heightened alert after a truck ploughed into a crowd in the Swedish capital Stockholm on Friday , killing four and injuring 15 in what investigators said appeared to be a terror attack by an IS sympathiser .
In 2011 , right-wing extremist Anders Behring Breivik set off a car bomb in Oslo that killed eight people and destroyed Norway 's government headquarters , before going on a shooting rampage , killing 69 people at nearby Utoeya island .
( Reporting by Terje Solsvik and Camilla Knudsen ; Editing by Susan Fenton and Stephen Powell )
Britain Football Soccer - West Bromwich Albion v Arsenal - Premier League - The Hawthorns - 18/3/17 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before the match Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has repeated their intention to stay in management next season , saying retirement would be like dying .
Calls for Wenger to end their 20-year reign at Arsenal have grown louder after the club were knocked out of the Champions League in the last-16 for a seventh successive season and lost four of their last five Premier Leagues matches to slide down to sixth in the table .
`` I will not retire , '' Wenger , who has yet to extend their contract which runs out at the end of the season , told reporters . `` Retiring is for young people . For old people retirement is dying .
`` Of course I 'm as hungry as I was when I arrived . I carry a bit more pressure on my shoulders than 20 years ago but the hunger is exactly the same . ''
With the club 's supporters divided over Wenger 's future , Arsenal face the daunting task of hosting fourth-placed Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .
Wenger , however , was in a defiant mood .
`` Fear ? No . My next game is about hope and desire . I hate defeat , '' the Frenchman added .
`` In your mind you can never afford to lose , you 're always very focussed on winning the next game . I can understand the fans that are unhappy with every defeat .
`` But the only way to have victory is to stick together with the fans and give absolutely everything until the end of the season . That 's all we can do . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; editing by Clare Lovell )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne , Australia - 23/03/2017 McLaren driver Fernando Alonso of Spain poses during the driver portrait session at the first race of the year . REUTERS/Brandon Malone -
SHANGHAI - Twice Formula One world champion Fernando Alonso unleashed their inner animal on Saturday as they dragged their misfiring McLaren Honda past the opening phase of qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix .
“ I am pushing like an animal , ” Alonso told their team over the radio after unexpectedly setting a time good enough to get them well clear of the elimination zone and into the top-10 in the opening part of the hour-long session .
The Spaniard eventually ended up 13th on the timesheets , failing to make it through to the final pole-position shootout phase .
Nevertheless , theirs was one of the standout performances of the qualifying hour , given their McLaren had been expected to be knocked out early on like their teammate Stoffel Vandoorne was in 16th .
“ I did the lap flat out in some corners , not caring too much , risking over the limit and everything went well , ” Alonso told reporters .
“ Q1 was our target today , ” they said , referring to the opening part of qualifying at the end of which the slowest cars on the grid are generally eliminated . “ But we picked up some pace in qualifying , the car behaved okay and it was a surprise to be 10th in Q1 and also 13th in Q2 . ”
When asked what animal they were pushing like , the 35-year-old replied : “ A big one , an elephant , or something like that . ”
Alonso and McLaren have endured a frustrating start to the season as engine supplier Honda continues to struggle to come to terms with Formula One 's V6 turbo-hybrid rules three years into their rekindled partnership .
The team 's running during pre-season testing was hampered by a lack of reliability and performance from the engines and their form in last month 's season-opener in Melbourne little better .
Despite putting in what they called one of the best drives of their career , Alonso could only battle for the lower points-paying positions , before dropping out of contention altogether and eventually retiring .
McLaren , who last won a race in 2012 , expect to struggle even more this weekend down the long straights and around the wide sweeps of the Shanghai circuit .
As a result , Alonso is pinning their hopes on changeable conditions on Sunday delivering the team 's first points of the season .
“ Mixed conditions will be welcome , ” they said . “ Wet-dry , wet-dry , multiple changes on the pitstops… will be a gamble for everyone . ”
( Editing by Ed Osmond )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Syrian government may be developing new types of chemical weapons , and U.S. President Donald Trump is prepared to consider further military action if necessary to deter chemical attacks , senior U.S. officials said on Thursday .
President Bashar al-Assad is believed to have secretly kept part of Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile despite a U.S.-Russian deal under which Damascus was supposed to have handed over all such weapons for destruction in 2014 , the officials said .
Assad 's forces have instead “ evolved ” their chemical weapons and made continued occasional use of them in smaller amounts since a deadly attack last April that drew a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base , the officials told reporters in a briefing .
Characteristics of some of those recent attacks suggest that Syria may be developing new weapons and methods for delivering poison chemicals , possibly to make it harder to trace their origin , the officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity , but they declined to provide specifics .
A deadly sarin attack on a rebel-held area in April prompted Trump to order a missile strike last year on the Shayrat air base , from which the Syrian operation is said to have been launched .
“ We reserve the right to use military force to prevent or deter the use of chemical weapons , ” one official said , while declining to specify how serious a chemical attack would have to be to draw a fresh U.S. military response .
A second official said , however , that the Trump administration hopes that stepped-up international sanctions and diplomatic pressure will help rein in Assad 's chemical weapons program .
If the international community does not act quickly to tighten the screws on Assad , Syria 's chemical weapons could spread beyond its borders and possibly even “ to U.S. shores , ” the second official said .
“ It will spread if we do n't do something , ” the official warned .
The officials echoed U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 's recent accusation that Russia , Assad 's ally in Syria 's multi-sided civil war , bears some responsibility for failing to enforce the chemical weapons ban .
Russia has denied any complicity , and the Syrian government has said it has not carried out any of the attacks .
The U.S. officials suggested that if left unchecked there would be smaller chemical attacks as an “ instrument of terror ” to compensate for Assad 's lack of adequate manpower to retake some opposition-held areas .
“ They think they can get away with it if they keep it under a certain level , ” an official said .
Western officials have cast suspicion on the Syrian government for a chlorine gas attack on a rebel-held enclave east of Damascus last week that sickened at least 13 people .
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said on Thursday the United States was “ extremely concerned ” about reports that Syrian forces had carried out another chlorine gas attack this week in the eastern Ghouta area .
The U.S. officials also said Islamic State militants have sporadically used chemical weapons such as sulfur mustard and chlorine , some via improvised explosive devices , a more rudimentary tactic than those of the Syrian government .
Fed raises rates , unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year , signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market .
-- Note : Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
Customers can get a loyalty bonus , a retail cash of up to Rs 28,500 , an interest rate of 7.99 per cent and an exchange bonus
To keep its numbers ticking Ford India is offering the current EcoSport with a range of benefits . While we know that the midlife update of the EcoSport will go on sale before the end of 2017 , we ca n't ignore the offers that Ford has in store for customers .
On the whole , one can save a substantial amount of money as the American carmaker is giving a retail cash of up to Rs 28,500 , a credit interest rate of 7.99 per cent , an exchange bonus ( Rs 20,000 for Ford cars and Rs 15,000 for others ) and a loyalty bonus of Rs 11,000 , which can only be used to buy an extended warranty for the third year ( up to 1 lakh km ) and a membership to roadside assistance .
( Picture Above : Ford EcoSport Facelift )
Here 's the variant-wise breakup :
Variant
2017 Model
2016 Model
Petrol
Trend
Loyalty Bonus
Retail Cash - Rs 11,000
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Exchange Bonus
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Loyalty Bonus
Titanium
Titanium w/o Touchscreen SatNav
Titanium AT
Titanium + w/o Touchscreen SatNav ( EcoBoost )
Ambiente
Loyalty Bonus
Retail Cash - Rs 20,000
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Exchange Bonus
Trent + ( EcoBoost )
Loyalty Bonus
Retail Cash - Rs 28,500
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Exchange Bonus
Titanium + ( EcoBoost )
Diesel
Ambiente
Loyalty Bonus
Retail Cash - Rs 11,000
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Exchange Bonus
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Loyalty Bonus
Trend
Titanium
Titanium w/o Touchscreen SatNav
Titanium +
Titanium + w/o Touchscreen SatNav
Trend +
Loyalty Bonus
Retail Cash - Rs 28,500
Credit Interest Rate - 7.99 %
Exchange Bonus
Ford recently took the wraps off a new 1.5-litre , 3-cylinder petrol engine that will power the updated EcoSport . The engine is tuned to produce 123PS of peak power and 150Nm of maximum torque . It will be available with a 5-speed manual gearbox and a 6-speed automatic .
Also Read : Ford EcoSport Facelift : What To Expect ?
Read More on : Ford Ecosport diesel
LONDON IAAF chief Sebastian Coe said on Thursday they were disappointed by the lack of progress being made by Russia in cleaning up its anti-doping regime and made it clear that the ban on the country 's athletics federation would continue indefinitely .
Speaking after a meeting of the International Association of Athletics Federations ' ruling Council , Coe said obstacles had continued to be put in the path of the Taskforce appointed to oversee the transformation of Russia 's anti-doping operation .
`` There has been some progress but there are still some very big gaps and I 'm disappointed , '' Coe told reporters .
`` Council was disappointed and concerned to learn that the prospect of the milestones being fulfilled this year by RUSAF ( the Russian athletics federation ) remains a distant one . ''
Coe identified problems around the number of doping tests being carried out , Athlete Biological Passport records being withheld from testers , some athletes still training in 'closed cities ' with no access for doping control personnel and coaches who were tainted by the previous regime still operating .
They were also unimpressed that RUSAF 's head coach had declined to sign the organisation 's own pledge for clean athletics .
`` We will continue to be tough . There is no timeline here , '' Coe said . `` We will look again in July and make a judgement , but we are going to see this through - this is non-negotiable . ''
Following the two-day Council meeting Coe was keen to highlight the fact that the IAAF 's Integrity Unit began operations this month and noted that there would be no changes to the athletics programme for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics - despite International Olympic Committee pressure to drop the 50km walk .
But the shadow of Russia hovered darkly over proceedings , just as it has since the independent World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) report that exposed systematic doping on an extraordinary scale and led to the banning of RUSAF in November 2015 .
`` We were dealing with a pathology that was seismic , '' Coe said of what the report described as state-sponsored doping . `` We had over 130 positive tests and suspensions over five years -that 's not something we could turn a blind eye to . ''
Most Russian athletes missed last year 's Rio Olympics and will be absent from August 's world athletics championships in London - with just a handful cleared to compete under a neutral flag .
SIX MILESTONES
The IAAF Council discussed the latest Taskforce findings , with chairperson Rune Anderson 's lengthy report making depressing reading for anyone hoping to see a zeal for reform .
`` The six milestones are still outstanding and at present it does not look like they will be met any time soon , '' Anderson wrote in their report presented to the Council on Thursday .
Anderson was also unimpressed by the appointment of Olympic and world champion former pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva , an outspoken critic of the IAAF ban on Russian athletes , as head of the country 's anti-doping operation .
`` It is difficult to see how this helps to achieve the desired change in culture in track and field , or how it helps to promote an open environment for Russian whistleblowers , '' they said .
Related to that issue , Coe made special mention of Andrey Dmitriev , a Russian athlete who recently had to flee the country after saying they were threatened with imprisonment after revealing that tainted coaches were still working in the Russian system .
`` The situation surrounding Andrey Dmitriev , a champion of the clean sport movement in Russia , is alarming considering they have felt it necessary to take sanctuary abroad , '' Coe said .
`` Anyone with information about a system which has failed to protect the goals and aspirations of clean athletes must feel it is safe to speak out . ''
With such little progress made in the fight against doping and senior officials in Russian athletics and government railing against what they regard as the unfair targeting of the country , a return to international competition seems as far away as ever .
( Editing by Ken Ferris )
SOCHI , Russia , April 30 Finland 's Valtteri Bottas seized the first Formula One victory of their career at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday after jumping both Ferraris at the start and then holding their nerve over the tense closing laps .
World championship leader Sebastian Vettel , who had started on pole position alongside Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen , extended their advantage with second place after putting Bottas under huge pressure at the finish .
The German crossed the line a mere 0.6 seconds behind the man who joined Mercedes from Williams in January as replacement for retired 2016 champion Nico Rosberg and was finally a winner after 81 starts .
`` Took quite a while , huh ? , '' said the Finn over the radio . `` Worth the wait . ''
Raikkonen was third with Britain 's Lewis Hamilton struggling to match the leaders ' pace and finishing fourth for Mercedes . ( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
MOSCOW , April 5 Russia 's finance ministry said on Wednesday it would step up its daily foreign exchange purchases to 3.5 billion roubles ( $ 62.57 million ) over the coming month .
It said in a statement that it would purchase a total of 69.9 billion roubles in the April 7 to May 5 period .
That is up slightly from the daily purchase volume of 3.2 billion roubles in the month to April 6 , but well below the average 4.2 billion roubles predicted by analysts polled by Reuters .
The finance ministry started buying foreign currency in February , saying the purchases are aimed at shielding Russia from external shocks . Critics , however , say they are an attempt to stop the rouble from strengthening too much . ( $ 1 = 55.9401 roubles ) ( Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya and Sujata Rao ; editing by Maria Kiselyova )
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
May 3 Murphy Oil Corp
* Murphy Oil Corporation announces preliminary first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $ 0.06 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.34
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.03 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Murphy Oil Corp - On track to achieve full year production guidance
* Murphy Oil Corp - Qtrly produced volumes of 169 mboepd , on track to achieve full year production guidance
* Murphy Oil Corp - Production for Q2 2017 is estimated in range of 160 to 164 mboepd
* Murphy Oil Corp says North American onshore business produced over 85 mboepd in Q1 with 51 percent liquids
* Says full year capital expenditure guidance is being maintained at $ 890 million
* Murphy Oil Corp qtrly eagle ford shale - Production averaged 46 mboepd , comprised of 88 percent liquids
* Murphy Oil Corp says offshore business produced 84 mboepd for Q1 with 73 percent liquids
* Qtrly total revenue $ 664.6 million versus $ 430.3 million
* Q1 revenue view $ 521.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Murphy Oil - Q1 adjusted loss excludes both results of discontinued operations and certain other items that affect comparability , of $ $ 0.06per share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year .
March 29 Stefanel SpA :
* Attestor Capital and Oxy to own about 75 percent stake in Stefanel
* Giuseppe Stefanel to be non executive chairperson
* On March 24 , co reached a framework agreement with Attestor Capital , Oxy Capital Italia for an initial 10 million euro emergency funding to keep group a going concern Source text : bit.ly/2o9Who9 Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Police have arrested and charged a man after a pedestrian died in a hit and run in New Lynn on Monday .
A 39-year-old man has been charged with failing to stop and ascertain injury after the 9pm crash on Great North Rd .
They will appear in the Waitakere District Court next Monday .
Shaun Paul Bowker , 51 , of Avondale died .
Advertisement
Police inquiries are continuing and they would like to talk to anyone who came into contact with the victim or helped give first aid .
If you have any information , contact Detective Sergeant Peter Law from Waitemata Police on ( 09 ) 477 5000 .
Under the partnership , Island Press will use iPublishCentral Ebooks to deliver their books in digital form . The organization will have a branded ebook platform that supports retail and institutional business models .
Contact
Roshan Jayaram
+91 80 66167500
corpmarketing @ impelsys.com Roshan Jayaram+91 80 66167500
End
-- Island Press , a Washington D.C. based nonprofit publisher has signed an agreement with Impelsys , a market leader in publishing and learning technology solutions , to license the use of their flagship ebook delivery platform iPublishCentral Ebooks to deliver digital titles.Island Press publishes books on a range of environmental issues , including sustainable development and urban design , conservation , biodiversity , environmental health and food systems . Their books provide essential ideas and information to those seeking to understand and protect the environment , and to create solutions to address its complex problems.Under the partnership , Island Press will use iPublishCentral Ebooks to deliver their books in digital form . The organization will have a branded ebook platform that supports retail and institutional business models . The platform also has an online reader application complemented by mobile bookshelf and reader apps , enabling Island Press to maintain a branded digital ecosystem comprising of ebook repository , delivery infrastructure , and device agnostic reader technology.David Miller , President of Island Press said that , `` Island Press has been publishing the information and tools that have guided people who are working to find solutions to some of the most complex problems around protecting and preserving the environment . With the growing interest and impact that we have created , we feel a need to make our resources more accessible to a global audience . iPublishCentral Ebooks seemed the right choice—it has the features that best meet our requirements . We are excited about this partnership , and we hope it helps to create greater awareness about the current state of the environment and the growing challenges it faces . `` Sameer Shariff , Founder and CEO of Impelsys , said this about the new partnership , Any kind of development that does n't consider its impact on the living environment and is not sustainable is a threat to the planet . Island Press 's resources are a guiding light to those who are passionate about the environment and sustainable development . At Impelsys , we are excited about this new association and pleased to be a part of the efforts that help in the conservation of environment , through our technology '' Founded in 1984 , Island Press ( https : //islandpress.org/ ) works to stimulate , shape , and communicate the information that is essential for solving environmental problems . Today , with more than 1,000 titles in print and some 30 new releases each year , it is the nation 's leading publisher of books on environmental issues . Island Press is driving change by moving ideas from the printed page to public discourse and practice . Island Press 's emphasis is , and will continue to be , on transforming objective information into understanding and action.Impelsys ( http : //www.impelsys.com/ ) is a leading provider of technology solutions and services for education providers , publishers and enterprises - managing content and learning delivery on their flagship platform – iPublishCentral Suite , the World 's Most Comprehensive Read-to-Learn Solution . Impelsys provides courseware development and content engineering services across digital product development lifecycle , helping clients build new digital products ranging from ebooks to simulations to online courseware .
The Velar is available with both petrol and diesel engines in four variants
British manufacturer Land Rover announced the prices of the Range Rover Velar in December 2017 . The carmaker has now officially announced that the deliveries of the Velar start from January 20 , 2018 . The prices for the Velar start from Rs 78.83 lakh and go up to Rs 1.24 crore ( ex-showroom India ) . The new SUV sits between the Range Rover Evoque and the Range Rover Sport . Land Rover first showcased the 2018 Range Rover Velar in March 2017 .
The new Velar is on offer with three engine options in India while it is available with eight different engines to choose from globally . The engines for India are : a 2.0-litre , 250PS petrol engine , a 2.0-litre , 4-cylinder , 179PS diesel engine and a 3.0-litre V6 diesel engine that produces 300PS of power . All the three engines are mated to an 8-speed automatic transmission which sends power to all four wheels .
The Velar is based on the same iQ platform which underpins the Jaguar F-Pace . It is offered in four variants - Velar , Velar S , Velar SE and Velar HSE . All these variants can be had with any of the three engines on offer .
Talking about the features , the Velar comes with a lot them . Naming a few , it gets a dual 10-inch touchscreen setup for infotainment and navigation and other useful purposes . The instrument cluster is also a 12.3-inch display unit which allows the driver to control media while keeping an eye on useful info . If you like to remain in the rear seats , the rear-seat entertainment package comes with two 8-inch screens .
Read More : Four Things To Know About The Range Rover Velar
Land Rovers are known to be able offroaders , and this one is no different . The Velar is equipped with features like electronic air suspension , Terrain Response System , Dynamic Stability Control , active rear locking differential and a Roll Stability Control System . It also gets active dynamics , which according to the manufacturer , monitors body and steering movements up to 500 times per second to provide a comfortable ride .
With a price tag starting from around Rs 80 lakh onwards , the Velar is in competition with premium SUVs like the BMW X5 , Mercedes-Benz GLE , Audi Q7 and the Volvo XC90 .
Also Read : Land Rover Discovery Launched At Rs 68.05 Lakh
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WASHINGTON , April 28 U.S. regulators on Friday filed civil charges against two former executives at government contractor L3 Technologies over accounting violations that led the company to improperly recognize $ 17.9 million in revenue from a contract with the U.S. Army .
The Securities and Exchange Commission said that David Pruitt , former vice president of finance in the Army Sustainment Division at L3 , plans to fight the charges , while L3 's former Army Sustainment Division president Mark Wentlent has agreed to settle related charges .
The company previously settled with the SEC and paid a $ 1.6 million penalty . ( Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch , Editing by Franklin Paul )
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY , June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas , Europe and the Far East , the company said on Wednesday . The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers : DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - AMERICAS Maya crude
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
Apr 2 , 2017 ; Humble , TX , USA ; Rickie Fowler tees off on # 3 during the final round of the Shell Houston Open at Golf Club of Houston - The Tournament Course . Mandatory Credit : Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
AUGUSTA , Georgia Rickie Fowler recently put an end to an aggravating narrative that they could not close the deal on the PGA Tour and they enter this week 's U.S. Masters with sights set on seeing off another dubious distinction .
World number eight Fowler begins the year 's first major riding high after a solid start to the season in which they finally turned a 54-hole lead into a win and now wants to shed the label of being the best current player without a major title .
Fowler , whose Honda Classic victory in February was their fourth PGA Tour win , feels their recent putting form will allow them to focus on `` offense '' at Augusta National .
`` I 'm making a lot of birdies right now , and that bodes well around this golf course , '' Fowler , who ranks seventh on the PGA Tour in birdies this season , told a news conference on Monday .
`` If I can continue to do that here this week , a lot of birdies , maybe a couple eagles in there , that 's going to be something that 's going to be very good . ''
Fowler 's opening 80 last year marked their worst-ever round at Augusta National and they went on to miss out on weekend play for the first time in six Masters starts .
But the 28-year-old American is not worried about the same fate this year .
`` I just made some dumb mistakes that easily could have been avoided , '' said Fowler , whose best Masters finish was a tie for fifth in 2014 .
`` I do n't have to play my best golf around here to get it around the golf course and still find a way to score . I know this golf course too well now to really make those mistakes that I did last year . ''
In their opening round last year Fowler sent shots into the trees , found water , overshot greens , yet they are not trying to erase that round from their memory .
`` It 's good to remember your bad shots and your good shots , '' said Fowler . `` Being that way , when you end up in a similar situation , if it 's a good one , you remember what you were thinking and go through a process and get in that same frame of mind .
`` And then remembering the bad ones is also good , as well ; understanding what did I do wrong there , what was I thinking , how can I think differently , how do I block , if something ( negative ) crept in , how do I keep that out . ''
( Editing by Gene Cherry )
Vehicular traffic to and from Lethem resumed on Friday following the completion of emergency works on the Hunt Oil stretch of road that was washed away for several weeks , the Ministry of Public Infrastructure said Monday .
Prior to the repairs , all filling stations in the southern Guyanese town had run out of gasoline because tankers had been unable to cross that section of then badly deteriorated road .
“ Following reports of deterioration of the stretch due to prolonged rainfall , the Ministry of Public Infrastructure sprang into action to have the situation remedied as quickly as possible . The efforts even saw the hauling of laterite from more than 20 kilometres away to ensure the sourcing of quality material , ” the ministry said in a statement .
The contractor , JR Ranch Inc. reportedly stated that sections at the side of the roadway , before the particularly bad areas , were first filled to create turnaround spots for the trucks due to the road 's narrowness . The company said three areas along the stretch were also filled and compacted . Furthermore , an excavator was used to form two cofferdams at the sides of the eroded spot in an effort to remove all accumulated slush and water prior to filling and compaction .
The Public Infrastructure Ministry said it would be teaming up with the contractor to monitor the stretch of road to ensure that there is no further need for filling and compaction and that the issue does not reoccur .
Meanwhile , the ministry said a maintenance programme under the Ministry 's Hinterland Department will soon be coming on-stream to rehabilitate a number of corridors , including those from Linden-Lethem ; Ituni-Kwakwani ; and Mabura-Mahdia .
That programme is slated to last for one year , government said .
The Chairman of Region Nine ( Upper Takatu- Upper Essequibo ) , Bryan Allicock has said that government has taken too long to repair the Hunt Oil stretch of road , resulting in greater deterioration and higher repair cost .
Allicock has said that government has effectively turned down budgetary requests for Region Nine to purchase its own road repair and maintenance equipment but little has been done .
MADRID , April 28 Spain 's state-owned lender Bankia posted on Friday a 28 percent rise in first-quarter profit from a year earlier after a fall in lending income was offset by a jump in trading gains .
Net profit for the quarter came in at 304 million euros ( $ 330.27 million ) , beating an average of analysts ' forecasts in a Reuters poll of 230 million euros .
Net interest income , a measure of earnings on loans minus deposit costs , was 504 million euros , down 12.7 percent from a year ago due to pressure from ultra-low interest rates .
In March , the Spanish government gave the green light to merger talks between Bankia and fellow nationalized lender Banco Mare Nostrum ( BMN ) . The banks ' boards are expected to approve the tie-up in May . ( Reporting by Jesus Aguado ; Editing by Angus Berwick )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SINGAPORE , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Unipec , the trading arm of Asia 's largest refiner Sinopec , has hired veteran crude oil trader Lee Yee Meng , who will join its office in Hong Kong in May , trade sources familiar with the matter said on Friday .
Lee left Trafigura Singapore earlier this week after more than a year with the European commodities trading company , the sources said .
Lee has more than 20 years of experience dealing in physical crude oil and derivatives in Singapore and London , working with oil major BP , JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley .
Unipec trades Middle East and Asia-Pacific crude out of its Hong Kong office .
Unipec , Trafigura and Lee all declined to comment . ( Reporting by Florence Tan ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG , June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong , the bank said on Thursday , after the territory 's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate .
DUBLIN Many financial firms based in London have yet to decide on where to move operations to as a result of Brexit so it is too early to say if different interpretations of regulatory rules will play a role , Ireland 's central bank governor said on Tuesday .
The Irish government in March complained to the European Commission that rival centres were `` offering a back door to the EU 's single market '' by allowing regulatory arbitrage , a reference to undercutting rivals with lax rules .
`` My aim has been to make sure that regulatory issues do not play a role in these decisions . I think we 'd have to wait for more decisions to get enough of a case load to work out whether that ( regulatory arbitrage ) is a substantive issue , '' Governor Philip Lane told a news conference .
( Reporting by Padraic Halpin )
May 2 Genesee & Wyoming Inc-
* Genesee & Wyoming reports results for the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 revenue $ 519.1 million versus i/b/e/s view $ 517.9 million
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.53
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.42
* As we look to remainder of 2017 , overall view of business trends in g & w markets is unchanged
* In north america , continue to see modest carload growth with several customer projects starting up later in year
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.64 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
This week on The Kicker , we present a special episode recorded live from Atlanta . CJR Managing Editor Vanessa Gezari talks with The New York Times 's Glenn Thrush and The Guardian 's Ben Jacobs about covering the Trump White House . They discuss the emotional toll of the breakneck news cycle , what 's different about the new administration , and how to avoid getting caught up in a reality-TV presidency .
Subscribe via iTunes · Stitcher · RSS Feed · SoundCloud
SHOW NOTES :
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Meg Dalton and Pete Vernon are CJR Delacorte Fellows . Find Meg on Twitter @ megdalts and Pete @ ByPeteVernon .
May 2 Investcorp Bank :
* Strengthens its presence in Saudi Arabia by appointing Gabriel Araingict as its Saudi CEO Source : ( bit.ly/2p3Gfcd ) Further company coverage :
The Richmond County Sheriff 's Office is investigating a suspicious death at an Augusta hotel .
At around 12:58 p.m. on Thursday . Oct. 5 , housekeeping at the Ramada Inn on Gordon Highway located a body in one of the rooms . When deputies arrived at the scene , they noted that the deceased , later identified as fifty-year-old Michael Davenport of Elizabeth Drive , had at least one gunshot wound to the upper torso .
Investigators identified the suspect in Davenport 's death as forty-year-old Leslie Harris . They were located on the 500 block of Fleming Avenue and taken into custody . They are being held at the Richmond County detention center on charges of murder and possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
BRUSSELS Britain 's exit from the European Union can not be turned into a success , but it can be managed in a pragmatic way , a senior European Union official said in an interview with Politico on Wednesday .
Martin Selmayr , who is the head of cabinet for European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker , also said British Prime Minister Theresa May was an impressive negotiator , which was good for Brexit talks .
`` Brexit will never become a success , of course , because it is a sad and sorry event , but it can be managed in a professional and pragmatic way , '' Selmayr said .
`` President Juncker said today that they ( May ) is an impressive woman and a very impressive negotiator . That is very good for negotiations , because we need a very strong negotiator , someone who unites the entire nation behind her , '' they said .
( Reporting By Jan Strupczewski ; Editing Alissa de Carbonnel )
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reacts during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow , Russia , April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin may meet visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson later on Wednesday , Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters .
`` There is a certain possibility , '' the meeting will take place , Peskov said , if Tillerson and their Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov , who are having talks in Moscow , deem it expedient to brief Putin on their discussions .
Peskov also said Western powers ' calls on Russia to stop supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad amount to giving terrorists a free hand .
( Writing by Denis Pinchuk ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Airport retailer Dufry AG ( DUFN.S ) reported on Tuesday first-quarter organic growth of 7.2 percent , helped by growth in the United States and Latin America .
The company said it witnessed stable growth in most locations and improved performance in specific businesses , driven by Brazilian and Russian travelers .
Following the full integration of World Duty Free , Dufry 's earnings before interest and tax ( EBITDA ) increased 5.6 percent to 154.7 million Swiss francs ( $ 155.38 million ) . Revenue rose 4.7 percent to 1.71 billion francs .
Dufry 's performance improved in `` distinct locations '' such as South America , Russia and Turkey during the first quarter , Chief Executive Julian Diaz said on Tuesday .
They said the trend continued into the first weeks of the current quarter .
( Reporting by Daria Kowalewska in Gdynia ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
( Reuters ) - The dream run of 13-year-old Chia Yen Wu ended when they lost their semi-final match at the U.S . Amateur Championship in California on Saturday .
Wu , the youngest ever player to reach a semi-final in the championship , ran out of steam , beaten 2-up by 21-year-old American Sophia Schubert .
Schubert will play 19-year-old Swiss Albane Valenzuela in the final at San Diego Country Club on Sunday .
`` Today , ( my ) first nine , I think my muscles and my body felt tired , so my iron distance changed , '' said Wu , of Taiwan , whose quarter-final on Friday went 12 extra holes , a record for a U.S . Golf Association event .
`` I got tired , and I could n't keep it in the fairway . ''
Valenzuela , meanwhile , could become the first player from Switzerland to win a USGA championship .
They advanced to the final with a 3 & 2 semi-final victory over American Lilia Kha-Tu Vu .
Valenzuela finished equal 21st at last year 's Rio Olympics .
BARCELONA Former Italy international Giuseppe Rossi 's bad luck with injuries continued as their club Celta Vigo announced on Monday that the striker would be out for up to seven months after suffering the fourth serious knee injury of their career .
Rossi , 30 , tore the anterior cruciate ligament in their left knee during Celta 's 2-0 defeat at home to Eibar on Sunday , six days after scoring a hat-trick for the Galicians in a 3-0 win over Las Palmas .
The striker , who made their professional debut with Manchester United , tore the anterior cruciate ligament in their right knee twice in the 2011-12 season with Villarreal , and again in 2014 with Fiorentina .
Rossi is still owned by Fiorentina and looked to be on the way to resurrecting their stricken career after a successful loan spell at Levante last season which earned them another loan move to Celta .
( Reporting by Richard Martin ; editing by Richard Lough )
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro holds a copy of the Venezuelan constitution as they speak during a ceremony at Miraflores Palace in Caracas , Venezuela May 1 , 2017 . Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
CARACAS Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro shocked many of their countrymen on Monday by calling for a constitutional assembly in a move similar to one their predecessor and mentor Hugo Chavez used almost 20 years ago .
But there is a key difference : while Chavez enjoyed broad popularity following their 1998 election , Maduro faces slim odds at the ballot box and critics say they are calling the assembly precisely to avoid or delay free elections .
After they took office in 1999 , Chavez led a campaign to create an assembly that rewrote the constitution , letting them name allies to crucial posts such as the Supreme Court . They thus consolidated an already strong hand in institutional disputes with adversaries during their 14-year rule .
Maduro , by contrast , has seen their political capital sapped by triple-digit inflation and years of chronic shortages of food and consumer goods . Public anger has fuelled near-daily opposition protests since early April against the 54-year-old president , who has been in office since 2013 .
Their preliminary plan would involve electing only around half the constitutional delegates . They said the remainder would be chosen by specific social movements such as student groups , state-backed community councils or workers unions .
Adversaries call it a rigged proceeding meant to skirt a popular election by limiting suffrage , which legal experts criticise as unconstitutional .
`` Maduro is distorting the constituent assembly , '' said Leonardo Palacios , a lawyer and former opposition deputy , insisting that any such election must involve all the country 's registered voters . `` The assembly that Maduro described does not exist in the constitution . ''
They added that all elections are likely to be delayed until the new constitution is approved , which could buy time for Maduro as they head into presidential elections due late next year .
Socialist Party leader Elias Jaua insisted on Tuesday that such criticism was unfounded , saying in a televised interview that the assembly would be elected through a universal vote `` in both the territorial and sectorial spaces . '' They did not elaborate .
Rewriting the constitution requires an election to choose the delegates to the assembly . Chavez 's political allies , buoyed by strong support from the middle class , won a majority in the constituent assembly in an election in July 1999 in which all registered voters were allowed to participate .
The resulting constitution , which was hailed by government allies as a blueprint for the creation of an egalitarian society and a war on poverty , was approved by voters in a referendum in December that year . It was not clear if Maduro planned on holding a similar referendum .
'PROSTITUTIONAL ASSEMBLY '
Chavez 's adversaries , who went on to lead a failed 2002 coup against the president , saw their institutional efforts to weaken their self-styled revolution repeatedly thwarted by well-placed allies ranging from the chief prosecutor to the comptroller general .
But now that Chavez 's once-opulent welfare state increasingly resembles the economic chaos of the latter-day Soviet Union , Maduro can hardly expect the same .
Maduro , a former bus-driver and union leader who rose through the ranks by faithfully following Chavez 's orders , lacks both the charisma and the decisive leadership of their mentor .
And the Socialist Party 's seeming invincibility at the polls was shattered by the opposition 's thundering 2015 victory in legislative elections .
The government-leaning elections council has indefinitely postponed a vote for state governors that was due to take place last year .
A constituent assembly would have the power to call elections and to dissolve other state institutions , potentially giving Maduro an avenue to abolish the opposition-led Congress .
But it would hand them no obvious advantage in tackling the struggling economy , which voters identify as their top concern . Although they have already assumed sweeping executive powers in that area through an `` economic emergency '' decree , Maduro has balked at unwinding the complex system of subsidies and price controls that most economists say is the main hindrance to growth in the oil-exporting country .
Jaua said on Tuesday that the constituent assembly sought to create `` conditions of stability '' to hold elections , adding that `` conditions of normality '' do not exist due to opposition protests .
Opposition leaders said , however , that the planned assembly is a perversion of basic democratic principles .
`` What Maduro called for is not a constitutional assembly but rather a prostitutional assembly , '' tweeted Henry Ramos , a legislator who served as president of Congress last year .
`` Why do n't they call the elections that were already supposed to happen ? ''
( Editing by Christian Plumb and Frances Kerry )
LONDON , April 15 Vincent Kompany 's first Premier League goal for 20 months prompted an outpouring of relief and frustration after two injury-ravaged seasons for the Manchester City defender .
The 31-year-old 's 55th-minute header in a 3-0 victory at Southampton , in front of adoring City fans , sparked an emotional celebration from Kompany , who has started just 21 of City 's last 102 games .
`` For me it 's always a long journey back , '' Kompany told BT Sport . `` I would 've liked to be injured less in my career but every single time I 've put in the hard work ( to get back ) .
`` When this happens I feel I 'm giving something back to the fans . I 'm finally giving something back to the team and that 's what you see in that moment ... `` It 's ups and downs in football , but ultimately what gets you up is you keep looking towards your objective . If I had to work 15 years to have just one moment like this I would do .
`` I scored in front of the away fans and for me it was a great feeling . I feel like I want to give so much but I am restrained at times , but I keep positive and keep going no matter what . ''
Kompany will have garnered many headlines for their goal but it was their calming , imperious and faultless defensive display that will have been most pleasing for City manager Pep Guardiola .
Despite spending heavily in recent seasons , City 's title aspirations have been hampered by an inability to build a consistent , reliable central defensive partnership in Kompany 's absence .
John Stones and Nicolas Otamendi have arrived and , though each has shown glimpses of their undoubted quality , both are susceptible to the kind of mistake that was so rare from City when Kompany was at the peak of their powers .
`` Every manager Vincent Kompany has played under knows what an important player they are , '' Guardiola told the BBC .
`` Finally , in recent games they have played they have delivered performances and hopefully they can stay fit . I want them fit enough to play every week -- they have suffered for long periods but they are a real , real central defender . ''
After a run of four league games without a win City have registered back-to-back league victories and face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final next week . ( Reporting By Tom Hayward ; Editing by Toby Davis )
AMSTERDAM Elliott Advisors , the activist investor with a 3.25 percent stake in Akzo Nobel ( AKZO.AS ) , said on Wednesday other shareholders owning almost a quarter of the Dutch paints and chemicals group want it to enter into talks with spurned U.S. suitor PPG Industries ( PPG.N ) .
Akzo has rejected a 24.4 billion-euro ( $ 26.4 billion ) takeover offer by PPG and declined to talk to the U.S. company to see if there was scope for a deal , saying it would press ahead with a new proposal to spin off its chemicals division instead .
But Elliott said it commissioned London-based shareholders ' advisory firm Boudicca Proxy to poll 300 institutional investors , around half of Akzo 's total shareholder base , on whether they thought Akzo should talk with PPG .
Half of those investors responded - accounting for about 24.6 percent of Akzo 's outstanding share capital - and virtually all wanted Akzo to open talks , Elliott said in a statement .
Akzo Nobel spokesperson Andrew Wood said the company 's decision not to engage with PPG was based on taking into consideration the interests of all the company 's `` stakeholders '' , including not only shareholders but also employees and customers , as required by Dutch law .
`` We have a plan for creating long-term value and we 're looking forward to sharing that with investors '' on April 19 , they said , referring to when management is due to announce the plan .
Research and brokerage firm Bernstein published a note on Wednesday calling on Akzo CEO Ton Buechner to agree to talks with PPG .
`` Despite your successful performance improvement ... I fear the stand-alone value of Akzo Nobel falls short of PPG 's offer , '' Jeremy Redenius said in the note , written as an open letter to Buechner .
`` Moreover , I struggle to see viable options for you to meaningfully improve performance beyond what the market
already expects , '' Redenius said .
They said Buechner should view a deal with PPG at above 90 euros per share as a `` huge success from your tenure at Akzo Nobel . ''
Elliott said in its statement on Wednesday that Akzo should hold talks with PPG ahead of the strategy presentation so that `` an honest and objective consideration of the two alternatives can be made . ''
Akzo 's shares closed at 76.91 euros , well below the implied value of PPG 's share and cash offer of 89.82 euros .
( Reporting by Toby Sterling ; Editing by Greg Mahlich and Jane Merriman )
April 20Visa Inc , the world 's largest payments network operator , reported a 27 percent increase in quarterly adjusted profit on Thursday , as more people used its payments network .
San Francisco-based Visa 's adjusted net income rose to $ 2.1 billion , or 86 cents per Class A share in the second fiscal quarter ended March 31 .
Net income fell to $ 430 million or 18 cents per Class A share in the quarter , from $ 1.71 billion or 71 cents per share , reflecting a one-time charge related to Visa 's purchase of Visa Europe .
Net operating revenue rose 23.5 percent to $ 4.48 billion . ( Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
March 31 Betsson AB :
* Changed dividend policy , applicable as of financial year 2017
* Says board 's ambition for ordinary distribution to shareholders is , provided a continued attractive capital structure , to distribute up to 50 percent of net earnings , through cash transfer , an automatic redemption process or via repurchase of own shares
* Says decided to change dividend policy in order to increase company 's financial capabilities to be active in consolidation of gaming industry
* Earlier policy : ambition to distribute up to 75 percent of the Group 's income after tax to the shareholders , provided that an appropriate capital structure can be maintained .
* Betsson shares drop after news , down 0.5 pct at 1121 GMT Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Stockholm Newsroom )
The exterior of a Schlumberger Corporation building is pictured in West Houston January 16 , 2015 . REUTERS/Richard Carson
OSLO Schlumberger ( SLB.N ) , the world 's top oil services provider , has bought a stake in upstart rig operator Borr Drilling BORR.NFF .
The investment was made through a newly created venture fund , which has the ultimate goal of securing more activity for Schlumberger , Chief Executive Paal Kibsgaard said in a statement .
They did not disclose the size of the investment and the company was not immediately available for comment .
Norwegian financial daily Finansavisen reported on Tuesday that Schlumberger had taken a 20 percent stake in Borr through a $ 220 million investment .
( Reporting by Terje Solsvik , editing by Gwladys Fouche )
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro speaks during a meeting with ministers in Caracas , Venezuela March 14 , 2017 . Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
CARACAS Venezuela next week will launch a new currency exchange mechanism to replace the DICOM rate , also known as SIMADI , President Nicolas Maduro said late on Monday in a televised speech as the OPEC nation suffers a deep economic crisis .
The oil-rich country currently has two official exchange rates , DIPRO at 10 and SIMADI at 709 bolivars per dollar . On the black market , however , a dollar can fetch more than 3,000 bolivars because official mechanisms do not satiate demand .
`` In a process of perfecting the system of collecting , administering and stabilizing the flow of hard currency in Venezuela , we have decided to activate from next week a new model of DICOM , '' said Maduro , speaking at the close of an exhibit to showcase Venezuela 's economy called `` Expo Venezuela Powerhouse . ''
Maduro did not provide the new rate . Currency auctions will be held twice a week , they said .
Previous new exchange mechanisms have failed to curb the weakening of the bolivar on the black market and economists widely say Maduro should be overhauling the creaking socialist model instead of tweaking it .
`` So far , what Maduro has said about this 'new forex scheme ' is more of the same , '' said local economist Asdrubal Oliveros on Twitter .
`` This new DICOM kicks off in a context where the shortfall of hard currency is between $ 10- $ 12 billion . There 's no capacity to increase the supply of dollars . ''
Government critics say Venezuela 's complex set of currency controls are at the heart of its worsening economic mess . Millions of Venezuelans are not eating enough due to soaring inflation and shortages .
Maduro blames the problems on an `` economic war '' waged against their government by the opposition with the help of Washington .
Previous attempts to curb the spread between official and black market exchange rates have failed .
The various acronyms for new official rates - SITME , SICAD , SICAD II , SIMADI , DIPRO and DICOM - have become a joke among critics as the currency falls on the black market .
In the four years since Maduro came to power , Venezuela 's currency has fallen 99.3 percent against the dollar on the black market .
This means that the equivalent of $ 1,000 in bolivar savings then is now worth just $ 7 .
( Reporting by Girish Gupta ; Editing by Toni Reinhold , Alexandra Ulmer and Lisa Shumaker )
( Adds comments from Leite interview in paragraphs 2-5 )
By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Alberto Alerigi Jr
São Paulo , April 20 Executives at Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais SA said on Thursday that Brazil domestic flat steel prices remain unsustainably high , which risks luring cheap imports and worsening a local glut of some products .
Local prices are now between 20 percent to 30 percent above international prices , which is `` unsustainable , '' Chief Executive Officer Sérgio Leite in an interview to discuss Usiminas 's quarterly results . While international prices could rise , local prices may climb 3 percent to 5 percent this quarter , they added .
Wider so-called price premiums and a stronger currency have hampered profits at Brazilian steelmakers in the past . Five years ago , a similar situation led to an excess of steel imports into Brazil , triggering a crisis that mills are still struggling with today .
`` Equilibrium premiums are 5 percent to 10 percent , making it hard for anyone to operate at these levels , '' Leite said .
Higher domestic prices helped Brazil 's No . 1 listed flat steelmaker reverse a net loss last quarter . While sales volumes rose despite Brazil 's ongoing recession , analysts said volatile price trends could put the brakes on Usiminas 's recovery .
Net income came in at 108 million reais ( $ 34 million ) last quarter , reversing a loss of 195 million reais the prior three months . The result beat Thomson Reuters ' average consensus estimate of 26 million reais .
`` A reduction in domestic prices could be triggered by a drop in international steel prices and further currency appreciation , potentially reversing the trend of improving results , '' said Marcos Assumpção , an analyst with Itaú BBA .
Domestic sales , which are generally priced higher than exports , accounted for 90 percent of Usiminas 's revenue last quarter .
Shares rallied as much as 5 percent on the stronger results , which suggested an inflection point for a company wrestling with the recession and a dispute between top shareholders Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corp and Ternium SA .
Still , earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortization fell 10 percent to 528 million reais from the prior three months . Analysts estimated EBITDA , as the gauge is known , of 326 million reais .
Leite pledged to keep reining in costs and optimize the use of working capital , which rose in the wake of higher inventory and a halt of operations at the Cubatão mill .
Usiminas will invest around 300 million reais this year and control the use of working capital even as inventory stays high . Declining Brazilian interest rates are helping lower debt-servicing costs for Usiminas , they added .
( $ 1 = 3.1505 reais ) ( Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Meredith Mazzilli )
May 3 Capitaland Retail China Trust
* Hsbc Institutional Trust Services as trustee of CRCT entered into facility agreements
* Aggregate level of borrowings which are outstanding and that may be affected is about s $ 949.1 million as at 3 May 2017
* Facility agreements contain prepayment event if CRCT ceases to be managed by manager or by any unit of Capitaland Mall Asia Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
ST PETERSBURG The presidents of Russia and Belarus said on Monday they had resolved all disputes over energy , signalling a rapprochement at a time when both leaders are grappling with street protests and the threat of new Western sanctions hangs over Minsk .
At a meeting in St Petersburg , held while the Russian city was reeling from a deadly bombing on a metro train , Russia agreed to refinance Belarus ' debt while Belarus will pay back more than $ 720 million in arrears for gas supplies .
According to Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich , Russia will also renew oil supplies to Belarus of 24 million tonnes a year and Russia 's Gazprom will give Belarus discounts on gas supplies in 2018 and 2019 .
It is an abrupt departure from their recent squabbles and suggests Belarus ' authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko is moving their country back towards Moscow 's orbit after a period of courting closer ties with the West .
`` Today we have no differences remaining . We will move ahead , we will strengthen our relations within the framework of the union state , '' President Vladimir Putin said at a joint news conference .
Putin said their two governments would implement the two leaders ' agreement within the next 10 days , and that a roadmap had been agreed for energy cooperation up to 2020 .
Russia and Belarus are traditional allies but relations became strained after Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula in 2014 , a move Lukashenko described as a `` bad precedent '' .
Russia cut the subsidies it uses to keep its one-time Soviet vassal afloat , worsening an economic downturn in Belarus that fuelled a wave of unrest against Lukashenko , who has ruled the ex-Soviet state for nearly a quarter of a century .
Lukashenko 's blunt suppression of street demonstrations has threatened to undo their efforts to court the West and risks the return of European Union sanctions that were mostly lifted just over a year ago .
The Russian authorities have also cracked down on street protests that broke out in March against corruption .
`` We see what 's happening around us , and we just want to preserve the stability of Russia and Belarus , '' said Lukashenko .
`` There are too few quiet , calm spots on the planet still left . So we agreed on joint measures to preserve the security of our states . ''
At least 10 people were killed and more than 20 were injured when an explosion tore through a train carriage in a St. Petersburg metro tunnel in what authorities called a probable terrorist attack .
( Writing by Matthias Williams ; Editing by Alison Williams )
( Repeats to attach article to alert , no changes in text )
April 3 Norway Competition Authority :
* Says informed Nordic telecom operator Telia that its acquisition of Phonero could go ahead
* Sweden 's Telia and Norway 's Telenor are the two largest players in the Norwegian mobile telecom market
* Telia said in December it had agreed to acquire Phonero for 2.3 billion Norwegian crowns ( $ 268.34 million ) Source : here Further company coverage : [ ] ( $ 1 = 8.5712 Norwegian crowns ) ( Reporting By Nerijus Adomaitis )
It has been the subject of fevered debate in northern hemisphere rugby for months , providing a subtext to the recent Six Nations and occupying the thoughts of every elite player across Britain and Ireland .
Who will make the Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand ?
The time for speculation is almost over .
On Tuesday , Warren Gatland was meeting with their backroom staff to finalize an expected 37-man squad `` a mix of English , Irish , Welsh and Scottish players `` tasked with the toughest assignment in rugby : Going from rivals to comrades in the space of a month and gelling to defeat the world 's best team .
The squad for the 10-match tour , which culminates in a three-test series , is announced in London on Wednesday .
The Lions have won just one series in 11 trips to New Zealand , 2-1 in 1971 , and were demolished 3-0 on their last visit in 2005 by a rampant All Blacks side led by the imperious Dan Carter .
No wonder the New Zealand-born Gatland has called it the `` ultimate test . ''
Since being appointed as Lions coach for the second straight tour , Gatland has taken a sabbatical from their regular job in charge of Wales to plot the downfall of the world champions .
They have visited New Zealand , scoured the domestic and European club scene , and cast a keen eye on the Six Nations won by England over February-March .
European rugby is in a healthy state , with northern hemisphere teams winning nine tests against southern hemisphere beasts New Zealand , Australia , South Africa , and Argentina during the November internationals . There will be a lot of top-quality players left out by Gatland , sparking uproar throughout the home unions .
Here are some of the talking points ahead of the highly anticipated squad announcement :
CAPTAIN
Continued below .
Related Content Bangladesh wins toss and bats in the 1st T20 vs. Sri Lanka Genoa 's Pinilla banned for 5 matches for hitting a referee Moyes to remain as Sunderland manager after 'slap ' remark
Three names have been in the frame : Sam Warburton , Alun Wyn Jones ( both Wales ) and Rory Best ( Ireland ) . Warburton , though , is the favorite .
The 28-year-old flanker was captain for the 2013 tour of Australia , and led Wales under Gatland from 2011 until standing down ahead of the Six Nations to regain their form .
Warburton has a score to settle after missing the series-clinching win in the third test against Australia four years ago because of injury .
A knee ligament injury while playing for Cardiff Blues on April 7 has ruled them out for about six weeks , meaning they will not have much time to prove their match fitness ahead of the Lions ' tour opener on June 3 against the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians in Whangarei .
STYLE
They might not like the label but Gatland is known for their so-called `` Warrenball '' approach : In crude terms , sending their big men into collisions on the gain line , phase after phase , to gradually gain yardage and eventually create openings in a tiring defense .
It has brought Gatland and the Welsh plenty of success on the domestic front `` including two Grand Slams in the Six Nations `` but has never led to a victory against New Zealand . They also have a poor record against the other southern hemisphere giants .
Nevertheless , they are expected to go that route again with the Lions . That means loading up with tough , uncompromising players in the forwards , strong runners in midfield , and putting together a powerful scrum .
With ferocity set to trump finesse , it has been reported in the British media that Joe Launchbury `` a star for England in the past two years `` could miss out in the face of intense competition in the second row , and that compatriot Jonathan Joseph , a silky runner in the Jeremy Guscott mold , could also be overlooked .
ENGLAND 'S QUOTA
England is likely to have the biggest contingent in the squad , having just embarked on a tier one-record-equaling run of 18 straight test wins . However , the streak ended with a 13-9 loss to Ireland on the final weekend of the Six Nations and that Grand Slam-denying result could have consequences .
As well as Launchbury and Joseph , past and present captains Dylan Hartley and Chris Robshaw may also miss out , as might fullback Mike Brown and flyhalf George Ford amid fierce competition .
It revives memories of 2013 , when the English had fewer Lions tourists than expected on the back of a 30-3 loss to Wales in Cardiff that cost them the Six Nations title and a Grand Slam .
SCOTLAND 'S DISMAY
The Scots have just finished third in the Six Nations , for their most successful tournament since 2006 , and exhibited an attacking intent not seen in years . They are set for disappointment on Wednesday , though .
Fullback Stuart Hogg appears to be Scotland 's only guaranteed tourist , especially with tighthead prop WP Nel out injured . The country 's quota is set to be way down compared to the Welsh , who were fifth in the Six Nations .
BOLTERS
There are usually one or two picks from leftfield for Lions tours . They might be hunches . Some may get selected because they are viewed as potentially good tourists .
This time , prop Kyle Sinckler ( no test starts , eight substitute appearances for England ) could benefit , as could New Zealand-born England center Ben Te ' o ( eight caps ) .
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
May 2 AB Science SA :
* Reported on Monday FY net revenues of 1.5 million euros ( $ 1.64 million ) versus 2.3 million euros a year ago
* FY operating loss of 30.2 million euros versus loss of 26.0 million euros a year ago
* FY net loss of 27.7 million euros versus loss of 26.7 million euros a year ago
* In 2017 continues to allocate most of its resources to the development of masitinib , the most advanced molecule of the co
* Following EMA filing of both registration dossiers in 2016 in severe systemic mastocytosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , EMA decision should be known in May 2017 for systemic severe mastocytosis and during the fourth quarter of 2017 for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9163 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 6 Gambero Rosso SpA :
* Says signed on April 5 a commercial collaboration agreement with Gategroup
* The partnership will see the two teams collaborating on the development of products and services showcasing Italian food and wine
* Gategroup operates in airline catering and retail on board Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Contact
Rob Nichols
* * * @ algorics.com Rob Nichols
End
-- , a provider of clinical analytics solutions and software for the global life sciences industry , today announced the appointment ofto the Advisory Board of Algorics . Dr. Burgess will help to continue to shape and guide the Algorics Risk Based Monitoring ( RBM ) strategy working closely with the leadership team.Dr . Burgess brings more than 40 years ' experience in the Pharmaceutical industry , starting with more than a decade in basic research followed by a move into clinical development . Their time in clinical drug development encompassed Biometrics , Data Management , IT , major re-engineering projects , EDC design/implementation and establishing Business Process Optimizations ( BPOs ) . They have extensive experience of working in India and the Far East ( especially China and Japan ) . Most recently they have spent significant time educating sponsors on risk based approaches to quality management and monitoring , and has been instrumental in formulating the technology strategy for RBM adoption for multiple global clients.Malcolm said of their appointment `` I am very pleased to be becoming a member of the Algorics Advisory Board . During my time at ICON I was able to help and guide many early adopters of RBM . I 'm convinced that RBM will become the standard approach to monitoring clinical trials , just as EDC has for clinical trial data collection and processing . The opportunity to continue working in this space with a premier company such as Algorics is extremely exciting for me . `` Algorics ' Founder and CEO Nithiya Ananthakrishnan wcj commented , `` We are very pleased to have Dr. Burgess join our advisory board which is composed of life science and technology strategy specialists . Their vast experience and guidance will be invaluable as we continue to develop and mature as an organization . `` Algorics brings together a team of highly experienced software and life sciences professionals , united behind a single goal : to provide innovative risk based monitoring and clinical analytics solutions and software to the global life sciences industry with consistent and reliable quality.For more information about Algorics and Acuity visit : http : //www.algorics.com or stay updated by following us on social media : https : //www.facebook.com/algoricshttps : //www.linkedin.com/company/algorics
WASHINGTON , April 28 The U.S. House of Representatives began debate on Friday on short-term legislation to avert a government shutdown at midnight and buy some time on reaching a deal on federal spending through Sept. 30 .
If the measure passes the House , as expected , the Senate would be prepared to take up the bill immediately in the hopes of approving and sending it to President Donald Trump to sign into law .
The bill under consideration in the Republican-led Congress would provide federal funding until May 5 , allowing lawmakers to hammer out legislation over the next few days to keep the government funded for the rest of the fiscal year on Sept. 30 .
Congress has been tied in knots over $ 1 trillion in spending priorities for months . Lawmakers were supposed to have taken care of the current fiscal year appropriations bills by last Oct. 1 .
Lawmakers ' frustration at their inability to take care of the basic functions of government in a timely manner was on display on the House floor as debate opened .
`` Let 's make sure these basics are done for the American people and then let 's get about the important business of changing their tax code and making sure they have the best healthcare in the world , '' said Republican Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma .
In addition to opposition from Democrats , there are deep divisions among Republicans over exactly how to change the tax code and overhaul the U.S. healthcare system .
The action on the spending bill comes a day after House Republican leaders again put on hold a possible vote on major healthcare legislation sought by Trump to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act , dubbed Obamacare , after moderates in the party balked at provisions added to entice hardline conservatives .
The government was last forced to close in October 2013 , when Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and some of the most conservative House Republicans engineered a 17-day shutdown in an unsuccessful quest to kill former Democratic President Barack Obama 's healthcare law .
RUN OUT OF MONEY
Trump , a Republican , bowed to Democratic demands that the spending bill not include money to start building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border they said is needed to fight illegal immigration and stop drug smugglers .
The Trump administration also agreed to continue funding for a major component of Obamacare despite Republican vows to end the program .
Without the extension or a longer-term funding bill , federal agencies will run out of money by midnight Friday , likely triggering abrupt layoffs of hundreds of thousands of federal government workers until funding resumes .
A federal closure would shutter National Park Service destinations like the Statue of Liberty , Yellowstone and the Grand Canyon . Government medical research would be suspended .
Thousands of federal workers would be furloughed with thousands more working without pay until the shutdown ends , including homeland security personnel . Some veterans benefits could be suspended .
In the bigger spending bill to be negotiated in the coming days , it remained unclear whether Republicans would prevail in their effort to sharply boost defense spending without similar increases for other domestic programs . Trump has proposed a $ 30 billion spending hike for the Pentagon for the rest of this fiscal year .
House and Senate negotiators also have been struggling over funding to make a healthcare program for coal miners permanent and whether to plug a gap in Puerto Rico 's Medicaid program , the government health insurance program for the poor . ( Additional reporting by Amanda Becker and Susan Cornwell ; Writing by Will Dunham ; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe )
Wellington Hospital took a leaf out the NZ Police 's book during New Years ' Eve , busting out the breathalysers for people coming through the emergency department .
In a bid to keep intoxicated people from unnecessarily being in a clinical area , anyone who may have appeared to be drunk when accompanying patients was breath-tested and blocked from ED if the reading was above the legal drink-driving limit .
A hospital spokesperson said the same levels used by police were employed on the night . People with breath readings between 250mcg and 400mcg were allowed in on a discretionary basis , while those above 400mcg were denied access , although some allowance was made for special cases .
`` The idea is to prevent intoxicated people , not patients , but other intoxicated people , from being in a clinical area , '' the spokesperson said .
It was just not appropriate for drunk people to be in ED unless they were being treated , they said .
Wellington Hospital emergency department specialist Paul Quigley told Fairfax the initiative was so successful the hospital was likely to do it again in the future .
From midnight to 8am on January 1 , 46 people came to ED , most of whom were drunk , Fairfax reported .
- NZ Herald
A man takes part in a march with veterans to Backwater Bridge just outside of the Oceti Sakowin camp during a snow fall as `` water protectors '' continue to demonstrate against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline adjacent to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation , near ... REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
After a year of protests , Standing Rock began to clear out during the early days of December 2016 . But to one observer , the standoff stood out for how much it resembled a war zone .
Marty Skovlund Jr. is a U.S. Army veteran who served in the 1st Ranger Battalion . They served in both Iraq and Afghanistan . Since coming home he 's run a small business , written books and freelanced for several news outlets . In December , they chronicled the final days of the Dakota Access Pipeline protests ( medium.com/ @ martyskovlundjr/the-true-story-of-how-standing-rock-fell-69d0151eb5b2 ) , where they said state and local police milled with private military contractors and some of the remaining protesters set structures on fire .
This week on War College , Skovlund Jr. walks us through the end of one of the largest protracted protest in American history . According to Skovlund , the scene reminded them of forward operating bases in Iraq . In the end , they think the police changed the paradigm for how to deal with peaceful protests and , to this day , they ca n't believe that no one died .
FRANKFURT Silicon Valley online education start-up Udacity is spinning off a company that will develop self-driving taxis , taking aim at the likes of Uber Technologies Inc [ UBER.UL ] , the company said on Thursday .
Udacity was co-founded by Sebastian Thrun , who was also the co-founder of the Google X research lab that led development of Google 's self-driving car .
The new company , dubbed Voyage Auto , will not build its own cars but retrofit existing vehicles .
`` I 'm starting a new thing with great friends called Voyage Auto , '' Chief Executive Oliver Cameron said on their LinkedIn page . `` We 're deploying autonomous taxis to real users very , very soon . ''
Cameron is a former VP engineering and product at Udacity . They said on their LinkedIn page that `` Voyage is building an extremely cheap and safe autonomous taxi service '' .
Voyage will operate independently from Udacity , which will hold an undisclosed stake in the company .
Udacity is worth more than $ 1 billion . It is betting that its focus on vocational courses for professionals , as well as its work for global companies such as Google , will help it to stand out in the fast-growing online education industry .
Udacity has an education program for developers of self-driving cars . It has been followed by more than 6,600 students worldwide , the company said in a statement .
Mercedes-Benz , BMW , Nvidia and Delphi are among the companies that have hired students from the program .
The LinkedIn page of Voyage Auto showed it had 4 employees .
Business Insider reported first about Voyage Auto . It said Voyage would not be using any of the technology built by Udacity 's students , citing Chief Marketing Officer Shernaz Daver .
( Reporting by Harro ten Wolde ; Editing by Georgina Prodhan and Tom Heneghan )
New offices to hear out complaints
Forty new “ ombudsman ” offices have been created in provincial cities and districts across the Kingdom , with more expected to come , following a prime ministerial sub-decree signed last week .
The local citizen 's offices aim to solve out-of-court complaints brought against the public service at the sub-national level , with each district eventually slated to have its own office .
“ The city and district citizen offices have the rights and powers to use staff , budget , materials and other means for implementing action . . . and to investigate complaints that fall under their authorisation , ” the sub-decree reads .
Their authority will , however , be strictly limited .
They can “ raise advice about the solution measures , but have no right to make final decisions , to take action , to solve problems or to punish ” .
Chan Sothea , deputy head of the National Committee for Sub-national Democratic Development , said the offices were to be led by an elected district council member , with a civil society officer and vendor representatives also represented in each body .
“ When people are unhappy with the city or district administration , or sub-national administration , they can file a complaint to the sub-national citizen 's office and it will be investigated [ and they will try to reach a compromise ] , ” they said .
Those complaints could deal with anything from the issuing of documents to budget spending to police behaviour , they said .
“ They investigate after they receive the complaint and make a report [ to send ] to a police officer 's unit , [ which can then ] punish the officer , ” they said , by way of example . “ They are not the court . . . they have no rights to judge who loses or wins . ”
WASHINGTON , March 29 Contracts to buy previously owned U.S. homes jumped to a 10-month high in February , pointing to robust demand for housing ahead of the spring selling season despite higher prices and mortgage rates .
The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its Pending Home Sales Index , based on contracts signed last month , surged 5.5 percent to 112.3 , the highest reading since April . It was also the second best reading since May 2006 .
Contract signing last month was likely boosted by unseasonably warm temperatures . The gains reversed January 's 2.8 percent drop . Pending home contracts become sales after a month or two , and last month 's surge implied a pickup in home resales after they tumbled 3.7 percent in February .
Economists had forecast pending home sales rising 2.4 percent last month . Pending home sales increased 2.6 percent from a year ago .
Demand for housing is being driven by the labor market , which is generating wage increases , as it nears full employment . Sales activity , however , remains constrained by tight inventories , which are driving up home prices .
Given labor market strength , economists expect only a modest impact from higher mortgage rates . The 30-year fixed mortgage rate is currently at 4.23 percent , below a more than 2-1/2-year high of 4.32 percent hit in December .
Contracts increased 3.4 percent in the Northeast and jumped 3.1 percent in the West . They surged 11.4 percent in the Midwest and rose 4.3 percent in the South . ( Reporting By Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
April 20 United Community Banks Inc
* United community banks and HCSB Financial Corp ( Horry County State Bank ) announce merger agreement
* Transaction has been unanimously approved by board of directors of each company and is expected to close in Q3 of 2017
* Transaction has been unanimously approved by board of directors of each company and is expected to close in Q3 of 2017
* HCSB shareholders will receive merger consideration consisting of 100 percent stock
* Transaction is also expected to be neutral to United 's tangible book value per share
* Fixed exchange ratio of .0050 shares of united common stock for each share of HCSB for deal
* Horry County State Bank will merge into United 's Bank subsidiary , United Community Bank , and will operate under United brand
* Says transaction is currently valued at approximately $ 66 million
* Horry County State Bank will merge into United 's bank subsidiary , United Community Bank
* Horry County State Bank will operate under United brand
* TRANSACTION is also expected to be accretive to United 's fully diluted EPS for 2018 , excluding one-time transaction costs
* United will recover HCSB 's deferred tax assets and other related tax benefits totaling approximately $ 11 million
* Combination adds $ 313 million of deposits to United 's Myrtle Beach franchise
* Transaction expected to be 3 centsper share accretive to United 's fully diluted eps for 2018 , excluding one-time transaction costs Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
KINSHASA , March 28 Congo 's conference of Catholic bishops has withdrawn as mediator in talks between the government and opposition after implementation of a deal that would ensure elections are held this year stalled , an official with the body said on Tuesday .
`` We think that there 's no longer anything to do , '' Donatien Nshole , secretary general of the conference known as CENCO , told Reuters . `` We have given all our time and all our energy and in the meantime pastoral work suffers . '' ( Reporting By William Clowes in Kinshasa , writing by Edward McAllister ; Editing by Joe Bavier and John Stonestreet )
“ Persistently ” high private debt levels pose a serious risk to Ireland 's economic outlook , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) has warned .
In its twice-yearly Economic Outlook report , the influential global body warned that elevated debt levels here left the economy “ sensitive to rising interest rates ” . The European Central Bank is expected to begin winding down its post-crash stimulus programme later this year as a forerunner to raising interest rates in 2019 .
Warning
The OECD 's comments echo a recent warning from the Economic and Social Research Institute , which suggested Irish consumers could be hurt more by a cycle of ECB rate rises because of the high dependency on variable rate mortgages here .
In its report , the OECD noted that the Government 's budgetary policy would be mildly contractionary in 2018 and 2019 , but said it needed to keep improving its fiscal position to create a buffer against future economic shocks , most notably Brexit , which posed a significant threat to Ireland 's economic outlook .
The State needs to leave room to use fiscal policy to support for growth as a counterbalance to the potentially “ strong negative impact of Brexit at the end of the transition period in 2021 ” , it said .
The OECD said the Government 's €116 billion national development plan should be “ conditional ” on improving the Government 's fiscal position .
This would require various national infrastructural projects “ to be carefully prioritised ” , it said .
Assessment
Overall the OECD 's latest assessment of Ireland was relatively upbeat with the Paris-based agency predicting economic activity here would remain robust in the near term , fuelled by “ solid employment growth and consumption ” , before gradually easing .
It noted that wage pressure had risen in tandem with the rapid decline in unemployment but inflation had been kept in check thanks to the appreciation of the euro against the pound sterling in the wake of the Brexit vote in the UK .
It said the effects of sterling 's depreciation would eventually dissipate with wage pressures feeding through to higher inflation .
In terms of the world economy , the OECD said global growth is expected to hit 3.8 per cent this year , nudging up to 3.9 per cent in 2019 .
However , the prospect of a trade war is threatening the global growth outlook , which otherwise is on course for a 40-year low in unemployment , the OECD said .
The US and EU could still negotiate a trade deal even if Washington imposes import tariffs on EU steel and aluminium , US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday . EU leaders agreed earlier in May to open discussions about market access for US products , but only if Washington grants the EU a permanent exemption from tariffs .
Tariffs
The EU now has a temporary exemption , which expires on Friday . “ There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , ” Mr Ross told an OECD panel .
On the UK , the OECD noted that economic growth remained “ modest ” compared with other major economies . And it warned that the UK government must stand ready to ease up on austerity measures if growth weakens significantly in the run-up to the UK 's withdrawal from the EU .
Brexit negotiations should aim to “ preserve open trade with the European Union and high access for financial services to EU markets ” , the OECD said .
– Additional reporting by Reuters
April 28 Atlantic Capital Bancshares Inc
* Atlantic Capital Bancshares , inc. reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 operating earnings per share $ 0.13
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.13
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.14 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Taxable equivalent net interest income was unchanged at $ 19.5 million in q1 of 2017 compared to q4 of 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
RNPS IMAGES OF THE YEAR 2009 - Chelsea 's John Terry ( L ) watches teammates warm down with their children Summer ( C ) and Georgie after their English Premier League soccer match against Tottenham Hotspur at Stamford Bridge in London September 20 , 2009 . REUTERS/ Eddie Keogh
LONDON Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur take time out from their ongoing Premier League title battle for a mouth-watering FA Cup semi-final clash at Wembley on Saturday .
We look at five standout clashes between the sides :
May 1967 - FA Cup Final
Chelsea 1 Tottenham Hotspur 2
Nicknamed the Cockney final , it was the first between two London clubs , and Bill Nicholson 's Tottenham emerged triumphant to claim the trophy for the fifth time .
Favourites Tottenham , with former Chelsea players Jimmy Greaves and Terry Venables in their ranks , had finished the season in third place and were tipped to beat a Chelsea side managed by Tommy Docherty that had ended up in ninth place .
Jimmy Robertson gave Tottenham the lead in the 40th minute and Frank Saul doubled their advantage before Bobby Tambling 's late consolation for Chelsea , who had to wait three more years to win the trophy for the first time .
- - -
April 1975 - League Division One
Tottenham Hotspur 2 Chelsea 0
If any game fuelled the bitter rivalry between the two clubs it was this muddy relegation scrap at White Hart Lane played in front of a heaving 51,000 crowd , some of whom climbed floodlight towers to catch a view of the action .
Chelsea , featuring a young Ray Wilkins , were the better side early on and Tottenham keeper Pat Jennings made several superb saves , one to keep out a powerful header from Ian Hutchinson .
Steve Perryman gave Tottenham the lead after the break and Chelsea had a goal ruled out as the tension mounted before Wilkins missed a sitter . Alfie Conn made it 2-0 to sel a priceless victory for Spurs .
They ended up one place above the relegation zone and one point above Chelsea , who went down .
- - -
Dec 1997 , Premier League
Tottenham 1 Chelsea 6
The balance of power had well and truly shifted to west London by the time of this clash . Tottenham had not beaten Chelsea in any competition for seven years .
The pain continued . Tore Andre Flo scored a hat-trick as second-placed Chelsea outclassed a Spurs side languishing in the bottom three after a poor start to the season , which had cost Gerry Francis their job .
Flo put Chelsea ahead five minutes before halftime but Ramon Vega levelled before the break .
The wheels came off Christian Gross 's Tottenham after the break as Chelsea ran riot with Roberto Di Matteo , Dan Petrescu , Flo and Mark Nicholls putting them out of sight before Flo completed their hat-trick in the final minute .
- - -
April 2012 , FA Cup semi-final
Tottenham 1 Chelsea 5
The last time the sides met in the FA Cup proved a sucker punch for Harry Redknapp 's Tottenham side , who were chasing a top-four finish in the league and were above Chelsea .
Rafael van der Vaart had a header cleared off the line by Chelsea skipper John Terry before Didier Drogba 's ferocious shot put Chelsea in front in the 43rd minute .
Chelsea went 2-0 up in controversial circumstances . Juan Mata 's effort was adjudged to have crossed the line despite the ball apparently being blocked by Ledley King .
Gareth Bale gave Sput hope but goals from Ramires , Frank Lampard and Florent Malouda finished them off .
Chelsea went on to win the Cup , and to rub salt into Tottenham 's wounds they beat Bayern Munich to win the Champions League and deny Tottenham , who finished fourth to Chelsea 's sixth , a spot in the competition .
- - -
May 2016 Premier League
Chelsea 2 Tottenham 2
A match dubbed the `` Battle of the Bridge '' ended Tottenham 's hopes of winning the Premier League and handed the title to Leicester City .
Tottenham needed to win their final three games of the season to have any chance of catching Leicester and were clearly wound up by Chelsea 's players publicly stating they wanted Leicester to win the title .
A first win at Stamford Bridge in 26 years looked like extending the title race when Harry Kane and Son Heung-min both scored before halftime .
Gary Cahill pulled one back soon after the break and Eden Hazard 's curler broke Tottenham 's hearts before the match spiralled out of control , with the visitors losing their heads and ending up with nine yellow cards . Mousa Dembele was subsequently suspended for gouging the eye of Diego Costa .
( Reporting by Martyn Herman , editing by Larry King )
May 3 Lagardere/Qatar Holding LLC :
* Qatar Holding has raised its voting rights stake in media group Lagardere to 16.7 percent , having gone above the 15 percent voting rights threshold , according to AMF filing
* Qatar Holding holds 13 percent of Lagardere 's share capital , could increase its stake further but has no plans to gain control of Lagardere , adds the AMF filing
* Qatar Holding eyeing strategic partnerships that could boost Lagardere 's long-term value - AMF filing
* Qatar Holding considering seeking representation on Lagardere 's supervisory board
* Qatar Holding is part of Qatar Investment Authority ( QIA ) sovereign wealth fund
A body has been found inside a car belonging to missing Waikato woman Kim Richmond .
Missing Waikato woman Kim Richmond Source : NZ Police
The car was pulled from Lake Arapuni today .
Richmond , a mother of three from Arohena , has been missing since July 31 2016 .
`` The vehicle recovered is the 2014 silver Ford Ranger ute that Ms Richmond was believed to be driving prior to their disappearance on 31 July 2016 , '' Detective Senior Sergeant Ross Patterson said .
( The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters )
By James Saft
April 3 The Trump reflation stock market rally has two inter-related problems : Trump and valuations .
The Trump administration 's inability to force through its healthcare bill underlines the risks of a similar failure to deliver tax cuts , infrastructure spending and deregulation . With stock market valuations at historically high levels , and with the Federal Reserve raising interest rates , this is a major vulnerability .
The central thesis , supposedly , behind the post-election rally in risk assets was that Republicans , controlling the executive and legislative branches , would force through policies which would not only raise growth but improve the way that growth translates into corporate bottom lines .
That may yet happen , but with the ratio of price to sales for the S & P 500 index at an all-time high , and with the price/earnings ratio on 10 years of earnings at a level not seen since the dotcom bubble was bursting , there is little room for error .
“ These all are nose-bleed levels . However , they may be justified if Trump proceeds with deregulation and succeeds in implementing tax cuts . Their policies may or may not do much to boost GDP growth and S & P 500 sales . Nevertheless , they could certainly boost earnings , ” market strategist Ed Yardeni of Yardeni Research writes .
“ The risk is that Trump 's victory activated a melt-up mechanism that has nothing to do with sensible assessments of the fundamentals or valuation . ”
Certainly there has been a notable divergence between sentiment-based economic indicators , like consumer and small business confidence , which have surged , and those harder figures which record actual money changing hands . The GDPNow forecast from the Atlanta Federal Reserve sees first-quarter U.S. economic growth of just 1.2 percent .
To be sure , sentiment can create its own reality but analysts are revising earnings forecasts upward now at a slower pace then they were before the election , when a corporate tax cut and foreign cash repatriation holiday were little more than a fond hope .
Expecting corporate America to suddenly start a virtuous cycle of investment , employment and growth before they are encouraged to do so by policy change is simply silly . Expecting that policy change to happen under current management is risky . Expecting it to work if it does happen is a speculation .
VALUATIONS AND FUTURE RETURNS
There is also the fact that a growing number of Federal Reserve policy-makers are noting that valuations are high , indicating that perhaps , for once , they may actually start to figure them into their interest-rate-setting calibrations .
Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren last week said some asset markets are “ a little rich , ” citing “ rich asset market prices ” as a reason for the Fed to tighten more quickly . John Williams of the San Francisco Fed also noted that the stock market specifically “ may be a little frothy . ”
Williams , who like Rosengren is not a voting member of the Fed 's rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee this year , also said the market “ kind of got ahead of reality ” on fiscal policy hopes .
It is possible that the market is confirmed and its rally extended by fiscal and economic policy , but also possible that the Fed surprises with faster tightening in part to keep markets from extending themselves too far .
No matter how things play out , one fact remains : valuations are at levels which in the past have delivered poor future returns .
On some measures median valuation levels are at all-time highs globally , and are in a zone which suggests future returns only very marginally better than bonds .
“ Higher valuations do however have a very good record of predicting future returns , ” Andrew Lapthorne , quantitative strategist at Société Générale in London writes .
“ If you think an excess total return over bonds of less than , say , 2.0 percent ( i.e. , less than the dividend ) is sufficient compensation for holding much riskier equities then today 's valuations might be okay ; if you think equities deserve a risk premium then you have a problem . ”
That is the bet stock market investors are collectively now making , and it is hard to see it coming good without the Trump administration bringing to reality a substantial portion of its various promised or suggested programs . Given that the last comprehensive U.S. tax reform was carried out by the Reagan White House in 1986 , a much different time with a much different and more cohesive Republican Party , this is a long-shot bet .
Expect tax reform to be piecemeal and designed to deliver easy wins like foreign cash repatriation . Much of that will find its way back into the stock market via share buybacks .
A reflation , a pushing higher of growth and inflation back towards 20th-century norms , is far less likely . Stock prices should , and ultimately will , reflect this . ( Editing by James Dalgleish ) )
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web . They wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook , and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade . During their time at O'Reilly Media , Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group , identifying the topics to build events and books around . They have worked in areas as diverse as networking , publishing , science , edtech , and NLP . They now live in New Zealand , where they run Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow .
A man smokes at an 'izakaya ' restaurant or pub in Tokyo , Japan March 15 , 2017 . Picture taken March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Issei Kato
A sign sticker reading 'Smoking allowed ' is diplayed outside an 'izakaya ' restaurant or pub in Tokyo , Japan March 15 , 2017 . Picture taken March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Issei Kato
Natsuko Takami ( C ) serves dishes at their izakaya restaurant or pub in Tokyo , Japan March 15 , 2017 . Picture taken March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Issei Kato
A man smokes at an 'izakaya ' restaurant or pub in Tokyo , Japan March 15 , 2017 . Picture taken March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Issei Kato
TOKYO Tokyo risks being one of the unhealthiest Olympic Games hosts in years , as an anti-smoking law exposes deep rifts over tobacco tax revenue , personal freedom and the dangers of passive smoking , which kills thousands of Japanese each year .
There is pressure on the Japanese capital ahead of the 2020 Summer Games , including from the International Olympics Committee ( IOC ) , to follow Rio de Janeiro and other recent Olympic venues in banning smoking in all public places to create a healthy sporting environment .
But an initial proposal for a blanket ban on smoking indoors across Japan was opposed by pro-smoking politicians , restaurateurs and Japan Tobacco , which is one-third government-owned and paid the state $ 700 million in dividends in 2015 .
The health ministry scaled back its plan , to allow smoking indoors in spaces around 30 square metres ( 323 square feet ) as long as adequate ventilation is installed .
But opponents say this will still hurt Japan 's many eateries , restrict individual freedom , and dent tobacco tax revenues - which topped 2 trillion yen ( $ 18 billion ) in 2014-15 .
Natsuko Takami , who runs a Tokyo pub that is small enough to allow smoking under the revised bill , fears losing money as they ca n't afford new ventilation , and could be fined 500,000 yen if a customer lit up . The smoker could be fined 300,000 yen .
`` I think people would stop coming , '' they said , adding that being able to smoke and drink helps reserved Japanese open up .
The ruling Liberal Democratic Party 's ( LDP ) health committee , whose support is essential to introducing the bill in parliament , wo n't meet ministry officials , saying the revised bill is too strict .
The committee chair , Naomi Tokashiki , acknowledges there should be a law that protects against second-hand smoke , but says Japan 's cultural emphasis on good manners and sensitivity to others should suffice .
`` I believe Japanese people really are considerate of others , '' they said . `` It 's more important for us to trust people than enact a really repressive law . ''
Not so , say health authorities , pointing to 15,000 deaths a year from second-hand smoke , mostly women and children .
`` It 's not a question of manners , we 're looking at the impact on health , '' said a ministry official involved in crafting the bill who declined to be named due to the issue 's sensitivity .
`` We 've basically allowed people their independence , but the situation has n't changed , '' they said . `` Something more is needed . ''
It now seems unlikely the law will be put to a vote in the current parliamentary session , which ends on June 18 .
PATCHWORK LAWS
Fifty years ago , around half of Japanese smoked . That 's now dropped to 18 percent , and smoking areas have been dramatically restricted , but smoking laws vary from city to city and , within Tokyo , from ward to ward . Penalties are low and enforcement lax .
A 2003 law `` encourages '' restaurants and other public areas to separate smoking and non-smoking areas , but there is no penalty for non-compliance . Smoking is still possible on the grounds of schools and hospitals , though not inside , and there is a cigarette vending machine in a health ministry annex .
Japan ranks bottom globally in anti-smoking regulations , as measured by the types of public places entirely smoke-free , according to the World Health Organization . The revised proposal would raise Japan to the second-lowest of four rungs .
The WHO has teamed up with the IOC to guarantee smoke-free Games venues , though IOC Vice President John Coates has said the body ca n't force a ban beyond the venues and the Olympic Village .
Brazil passed a blanket indoor smoking ban before the Rio Olympics in 2016 , and bans were in place for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , Canada as well as for the 2012 London Games . In Russia , Sochi had only a limited city ban for the 2014 Winter Olympics , but an extensive national ban was introduced a few months later . Beijing had a limited , temporary ban in 2008 , but enforcement was patchy . It passed a tougher ban in 2015 , when it hosted the athletics World Championships .
GLOBAL IMAGE
The issue could affect Japan 's image as it looks to attract more tourists . Many travelers from Europe and North America are used to smoking being banned indoors .
`` A recent newspaper described Japan as a 'paradise for smokers , ' and I 'm sure it would n't want that title , '' said Douglas Bettcher , WHO 's director for prevention of non-communicable disease . `` It 's not a good impression to give ... as Japan is preparing and investing so much for the 2020 Summer Olympics . ''
Many politicians have proposed a temporary smoking ban for the Olympics , says Toshiharu Furukawa , an LDP lawmaker and a doctor who supports an indoor ban , noting some colleagues ' concern about a drop in government tax revenues from cigarettes at a time when Japan 's taxpaying population is shrinking .
`` Tobacco is a very important tax resource , '' they said . Some of those lawmakers `` are smokers , but some are backed by farming groups that produce tobacco , and some are backed by tobacco companies . ''
Japan Tobacco spokesperson Masahito Shirasu says the company shares concerns about passive smoking , but the health ministry 's proposal is too strict .
The 80,000-strong National Food and Drink Association favors having establishments display stickers showing if they are non-smoking , segregated , or allow smoking - letting customers decide .
`` Only 18 percent of people may smoke , but the percentage of smoking customers in smaller restaurants is much higher - nearly half , '' said Tetsuro Kojo , head of the association . `` We must take care of them . ''
Public opinion varies . A poll by the liberal Asahi Shimbun newspaper found that 64 percent supported the revised proposal , while the conservative Sankei Shimbun found only 37 percent in favor .
Kazuo Hasegawa , a 46-year-old non-smoker diagnosed with lung cancer in 2010 , believes pressure related to the Olympics is essential for achieving a ban .
`` The tobacco issue is something that ca n't really be solved in a Japanese manner , '' they said . `` Without outside pressure , Japan wo n't move on this . ''
( Additional reporting by Ami Miyazaki and Chris Gallagher ; Editing by Malcolm Foster and Ian Geoghegan )
April 6 Novogen Ltd :
* Novogen terminates ATM-3507 preclinical development program
* Decision to terminate development of atm-3507 does not affect 'next-generation atm ' program
* Novogen anticipates significant future cost savings associated with termination
* A reduction in headcount will be implemented , and other employees will be reallocated to new responsibilities
* Atm-3507 ( anisina ) will not be progressed into clinical trials due to `` unfavourable balance of preclinical activity relative to emerging toxicology findings ''
* Recently-announced crc-p grant for next-generation atm program is unaffected by the decision Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
If you own a Surface Pro 2017 , you may have seen three or more new , completely undocumented driver updates come down the Automatic Update chute over the weekend . They 're called “ Intel driver update for Intel ( r ) Dynamic Platform and Thermal Framework Generic Participant , ” “ Power Participant , ” “ Processor Participant ” and , for some , “ Manager. ” The timing could n't be worse , as Microsoft tries to counter the impression , championed by Consumer Reports , that Surface machines can no longer be “ Recommended ” to laptop buyers .
Barb Bowman
I first heard about the new drivers on Saturday afternoon — a very odd time to see a new driver . Apparently the three or four new drivers were sent to some Surface Pro machines that are n't actively blocking Windows Automatic Updates . Surface firmware and driver updates are pushed out via Windows Automatic Update , so WU served as the infection vector again this time .
I 'm told — but Microsoft has n't yet confirmed — that these drivers are , indeed , legitimate , and that the documentation for them will be forthcoming . At some point . We 've heard that one before .
An anonymous poster on AskWoody pointed me to a two-year-old AnadTech article that describes drivers with the same names being released for Windows 8.1 . The “ Dynamic Platform and Thermal Framework ” drivers throttle ( slow down ) processors when they get too hot . Apparently Surface Pro 2017 machines are frying their brains , and these drivers can cool them off . At least , maybe they will . With no documentation , we 're just connecting some very obscure dots .
It 's all sadly reminiscent of the undocumented Surface drivers pushed out on Aug. 1 . That undocumented camera driver , you may recall , broke Windows Hello on Surface Pro 4 . It took Microsoft three days to push out a new driver that restored Windows Hello . The second camera driver was documented . Imagine that .
It 's astounding to me that these drivers slipped out , without notice or description , while Microsoft was readying a report that countered last week 's widely publicized Consumer Reports move to drop its “ Recommended ” imprimatur from Surface machines .
According to Paul Thurrott , who says they have seen an internal memo on the topic , the Microsoft counterattack includes gems from Surface honcho Panos Panay such as these :
“ It 's important for us to always learn more from our customers and how they view their ownership journey with our products . … Feedback like this [ from Consumer Reports ] stings , but pushes us to obsess more about our customers. ” “ We take quality seriously … conducting rigorous reliability testing during development to forecast failure and return rates , which are then continually viewed against [ real world data ] post-launch . We also regularly review other metrics to understand the experience we are providing to our customers and our findings show our products are in a much healthier place than noted by Consumer Reports. ” “ [ We ] have put together a comprehensive set of data that reflects the strength of our quality and our customer sentiment , and will be working with partner organizations , including marketing , retail , and sales , to share that information broadly ”
Michael Allison , in a tremendous response to Paul 's leaked memo , said in mspoweruser :
If one were to take the Redmond line , the Surface line is immensely satisfying to customers , Intel was to blame for the Surface Pro 4 and Book issues , and that the subsequent products were better than the last one ( as if they were expected to get worse ) , etcetera . Microsoft will be working with marketing and other departments to share this information with consumers ( So you can expect to see certain Microsoft news blogs touting the firm 's numbers in the coming weeks ) , and mount a full-fledged defence of the Surface… As much as I love Surface , the firm is doing the wrong thing here . Now that Surface sales are threatened by Consumer Reports pulling their recommendation , Microsoft is stepping in . When Microsoft 's Surface Pro 3 , 4 , Book and Pro 2017 users were suffering from battery problems , reliability issues , hibernation issues , hot bagging , all this passion for their customers was nowhere to be seen .
Now we 're seeing it again . All this newfound passion for Surface customers did n't get through to the folks pushing out driver updates . It backfired two weeks ago . Let 's see what happens this time .
All the latest on the AskWoody Lounge .
April 6 DDS Inc
* Says Ingenic Semiconductor Co. , Ltd canceled acquisition of Superpix Micro Technology Ltd. , as it failed to get approval from CHINA SECURITIES REGULATORY COMMISSION
* Says the company is still holding about 5 percent shares of Superpix Micro Technology Ltd. currently
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/vj1pIf
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Exxon Mobil Corp ( XOM.N ) , the world 's largest publicly-traded oil producer , posted a lower-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday due to falling production and weakness in its chemical and refining operations , sending shares down 2.8 percent in premarket trading .
The rare earnings miss from Exxon comes as the company tries to bolster reserves around the world while also cementing its position as one of the largest producers of oil and natural gas in the United States .
Even though oil prices have jumped from last year 's lows , helping Exxon 's production operations , the company 's refining and chemical arms struggled in the quarter , especially outside the United States .
Irving , Texas-based Exxon said earlier this week it would triple its Permian shale production to about 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2025 , part of a plan to invest $ 50 billion in the United States thanks to tax reform signed by U.S. President Donald Trump .
“ The impact of tax reform on our earnings reflects the magnitude of our historic investment in the U.S. and strengthens our commitment to further grow our business here , ” Chief Executive Darren Woods said in a statement .
A logo of Exxon Mobil is displayed on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in New York , U.S. , December 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Exxon posted fourth-quarter net income of $ 8.4 billion , or $ 1.97 per share , compared to $ 1.7 billion , or 41 cents per share , in the year-ago quarter .
The company saw a $ 5.9-billion non-cash benefit related to recent U.S. tax reform to revalue deferred taxes . Without the tax reform accounting changes , Exxon would have lost money in the United States .
Excluding that tax change and other one-time items , Exxon earned 88 cents per share . By that measure , analysts expected earnings of $ 1.04 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day , with the only output gains in the company 's portfolio coming from the United States .
Throughput at the company 's refineries - a measurement of how much volume they processed - fell 4 percent .
Exxon is slated to hold its annual investor day on March 7 in New York .
May 3 Hi Media SA :
* Confirmation of expected trends in the first quarter
* Q1 revenue EUR 11.3 million ( $ 12.3 million ) versus EUR 13.3 million year ago
* Q1 EBITDA held firm and is expected to improve in 2017
* Ebitda loss EUR 0.3 million in Q1
* Over longer term , company expects EBITDA margin levels to rise to above 10 pct Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9158 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
When investing offshore , what 's the best way of getting your money back into New Zealand without being taxed ? I 've found a protection income fund , where my investment is secure , earning 36 per cent a year . Found it though an investor that I personally know .
Forget about tax and get your money out pronto .
If by `` secure '' you mean you ca n't lose money , I 'm afraid you 've been misled . Any investment that sometimes earns 36 per cent will also sometimes suffer big losses -- if it 's a legitimate investment at all .
How can I be sure ? If there were an investment with huge returns year after year , everyone would want it . And if anything is in big demand -- such as Auckland houses a while back or scarce sports or concert tickets -- the price goes up . And the higher the price , the lower the return .
Let 's say you invest $ 100 and get 36 per cent , or $ 36 . If the price rises for new investors to $ 200 , the $ 36 return has halved to 18 per cent . At $ 1000 , $ 36 is just 3.6 per cent .
Advertisement
However , if the investment were riskier -- with returns sometimes negative -- demand would be lower . The price rise might stop at , say , $ 400 , so that the $ 36 return was 9 per cent .
That 's what markets do . In the short term , they are messy . But over time , higher returns always come with higher risk . That 's why shares bring in more than bank term deposits .
There 's no such thing as a low-risk , high-return investment .
But wait -- you know the investor who recommended this . That means little . They might be part of the scam , or a victim themselves .
Scammers often give great returns to early investors , in the hope that they will entice others . Those early returns are often funded by new investments . Think Bernie Madoff in the US , or New Zealand 's own David Ross .
I urge you to withdraw your money now -- or try to . Unfortunately , many people are ripped off by overseas scams and New Zealand regulators ca n't do much to help .
If you are lucky enough to get it all back , please do n't reinvest . That 's exactly what they want you to do , until they 've got their hands on enough of your wealth .
Your letter coincides with World Investor Week , and the Financial Markets Authority and Commission for Financial Capability have both been working to raise awareness of investment fraud .
The commission notes that UK research `` found that older , wealthier , risk-taking men are the most likely targets for 'share fraud ' when worthless or unsellable company shares are on offer .
`` Women are more affected by 'recovery fraud ' , when scammers offer to recover funds or a lost investment in exchange for a fee . Other scams , such as Ponzi schemes , are more likely to sting younger investors . ''
It adds , `` The UK study demonstrated that the more financially sophisticated a person is , the more likely they are to be victimised , since fraudsters prey on investors ' overconfidence . ''
The commission also points out that `` Fake documents , companies , websites and even entire government authorities are invented to dupe investors . '' It gives an example of a fake government authority , at www.uksfma.org . Looks pretty convincing .
For info on avoiding scams , see the commission 's video on www.invested.co.nz , and www.tinyurl.com/NZinvestor on the FMA website .
Property v shares
Normally I agree with most things you say , but last week you made some errors . For a start , you declared in your headline that shares were the winner over residential property but did n't present any performance numbers for property . Then you said one should n't include rents in the calculation of property returns . That 's not correct . Indeed , the US Federal Reserve recently used exactly that methodology , and -- shock horror -- residential property outperforms . Rents are obviously a fundamental contributor to property returns and because insurance , rates and maintenance in aggregate are less than rents , the residual is used to calculate returns . You also get a little confused when you argue that because mortgage costs are higher than rents , this is another reason to exclude rents from returns . Your finance background should have told you that if you are going to deduct mortgage costs then you need to calculate the return on equity as opposed to the return on the total value of the property . Because mortgage costs have been less on average than total return , that would enhance performance . Experts like Case Shiller and the Fed study look at unlevered returns so mortgage costs are n't relevant . Now for the numbers . The Fed looked at 16 countries excluding New Zealand but including Australia . The compound return in US dollars from 1870 to 2015 was 10.6 per cent a year versus 7.8 per cent for shares . From 1950 , houses still outperformed at 12.5 per cent versus 10.1 per cent for shares . Anecdotal evidence suggests residential property has also done extremely well locally because property has become more expensive in terms of price as a multiple of rents . For example , from January 1993 , the average rental yield on New Zealand residential properties has declined from 6.7 per cent to 3.5 per cent , according to Infometrics . Paradoxically , one of the best reasons for arguing that shares look better value today is because residential property has done so well in the past .
First , it was the headline writer who said shares are the winner . I said a much milder , `` Shares look a better bet to me '' , and then explained why the comparison is difficult . There 's a lack of data on property expenses . And property investors usually borrow to invest , whereas share investors usually do n't .
Nor did I say we should n't include net rents in calculating returns . I just said it 's not doable . I also pointed out that for many landlords , expenses plus mortgage interest exceed rent .
You 're right , though , that I should have looked more closely at returns on equity -- the money an investor puts into the property . I said , `` Borrowing ups the ante . If the investment goes well , you get gains on the bank 's money as well as your own . '' But I should have made that point more strongly .
Thanks for supplying the numbers . As you say , it 's interesting to note that because New Zealand house prices have grown so fast , rental property will probably not be as good an investment from here on .
However , there 's a major argument you have ignored .
I looked not only at returns but also risk . Although share prices are more volatile , property comes with other risks . If an owner with a mortgage is forced to sell in a down market , they could end up with no property and a debt . And then there are disputes with tenants , unpaid rent and so on .
Also , shares are less risky because : they differ from your home ; it 's easier to own many shares including offshore ; you can drip-feed into shares so you do n't buy lots at a market peak ; and you can easily sell any portion of your shares if you need money .
These are all important issues for New Zealand investors . That 's why shares look a better bet .
Rental returns
Having owned investment housing , shares , and other investments for 20 years , I feel compelled to disagree with your conclusion last week . You say you can not exclude dividends from share returns , yet you do n't include rental income -- saying there is `` no way to come up with representative numbers for net rental income '' . Seriously ? If there is a mortgage on rental property , the interest is deductible , as are maintenance , rates , insurance and other expenses . The mortgage is typically secured against that property , and with the demise of LAQCs , many are now either in LTCs or family trusts . So the investment is less risky than if the person borrowed the same amount ( if they were able to ) to buy shares . As for Tenancy Tribunal claims , it is pointless noting the numbers involved in disputes without knowing the total number of landlords and tenants . My educated guesstimate is that as a percentage , that would be quite small . Any accountant with rental property clients could give you an idea of net rental return . For a property with a mortgage , the landlord is effectively using the rental as a savings scheme , using borrowed money , the interest on which is deductible as a business expense . For a property without a mortgage , the net return for a typical gross rental is about 5.5 per cent of the current value of the property . After deducting expenses , the net return is about 4.5 per cent . Taking into account capital gain and income , that in my view has historically put rental property way ahead of straight shares . And if the investment has been made sensibly , as most are , it is probably more secure as well .
The trouble with typical data is that it 's easy to debate . One set of reasonable numbers gives us one conclusion , another gives us the opposite .
Still , you make some fair points . Rental property expenses -- and for that matter share expenses , but they are much smaller -- are tax-deductible , although most of the cost is still borne by the landlord .
And yes , it 's generally riskier to borrow to invest in shares than property . But as I said , few people do the former these days .
On Tenancy Tribunal disputes , in the 2013 Census , 355,554 households were renting from the private sector . Let 's say the average landlord owns 1.5 properties , given that some own many properties . That suggests there are about 237,000 landlords .
Last year , the tribunal considered 18,900 complaints from landlords and tenants , so that involved about 8 per cent of all landlords . But that 's only in one year . If you own a rental for 10 years , there 's a fair chance you will be caught up -- to say nothing of lesser disputes that do n't make it to the tribunal .
On the security of the two investments , we could probably argue endlessly . See my reply above .
Double the money
Thanks for your great article last week . I 'm at 100 per cent gains on shares ( excluding dividends ) in the past five years . Enough said . The S & P NZX50 Gross index has doubled in five years , but that includes dividends . You have done it without dividends . Congratulations .
Using the Rule of 72 , if something doubles in value , divide the number of years into 72 and you get the annual return . In your case , 5 into 72 goes 14.4 , so you 've averaged about a 14 per cent return . Nice ! But do n't count on that continuing . Read on .
Crash warning ?
The graph that accompanied your last column highlights a potentially disturbing point . Over 40 years , the two times that the New Zealand share market has climbed sharply above the world market , or vice versa , there has been a subsequent sharp correction . If that trend repeats , the New Zealand share market is due for a sharp correction sometime soon !
Maybe . We can be sure it wo n't grow forever at the current rate . But nobody knows when or how much that will change . Share investment should always be for the long haul .
Mind you , much the same could be said about the housing market . It 's not as volatile , but recent growth ca n't continue .
Many other readers wrote to me about the shares versus rental issue . More next week .
• Mary Holm is a freelance journalist , a director of the Financial Markets Authority and Financial Services Complaints Ltd ( FSCL ) , a seminar presenter and a bestselling author on personal finance . Them website is www.maryholm.com . Them opinions are personal , and do not reflect the position of any organisation in which they hold office . Mary 's advice is of a general nature , and they are not responsible for any loss that any reader may suffer from following it . Send questions to mary @ maryholm.com or Money Column , Private Bag 92198 Victoria St West , Auckland 1142. Letters should not exceed 200 words . We wo n't publish your name . Please provide a ( preferably daytime ) phone number . Sorry , but Mary can not answer all questions , correspond directly with readers , or give financial advice .
* Russia expected to produce 397.7 mln T of coal , up 3.1 pct y/y
* Exports seen at 176-177 mln T
* Deputy energy minister sees temporary spike in coking coal prices
By Anastasia Lyrchikova
MOSCOW , April 10 Russia expects to increase its coal output and exports by about 3 percent this year , Deputy Energy Minister Anatoly Yanovsky said .
Production has risen for the past three years and is expected to rise by 3.1 percent to 397.7 million tonnes this year thanks to higher thermal coal output , Yanovsky said .
The country produced 385.7 million tonnes of coal in 2016 , of which 171.4 million tonnes were exported .
Exports are expected to rise by 2.7-3.3 percent to 176-177 million tonnes in 2017 thanks to higher production and stable domestic consumption , Yanovsky said .
Thermal coal exports are expected to top 153 million tonnes this year , up from 149 million in 2016 , while coking coal exports are expected to rise to 23-24 million tonnes from 21.7 million , they said .
Recent flooding of mines in coal exporter Australia could also support prices , Yanovsky said .
`` In the first quarter , ( coking coal ) prices have slightly fallen but it is obvious that the price ( for coal ) will rise again for some time - for a month or two - due to heavy rains in Australia which flooded coal mines , '' Yanovsky told Reuters .
Australia 's coal supply has been recently hit by a powerful cyclone , forcing major buyers such as China and Japan to search for alternative supplies .
Australia is the world 's largest exporter of coking coal and second in thermal coal , used mainly in power plants to produce electricity .
Yanovsky , whose quotes were approved for publication on Monday , was speaking after Cyclone Debbie made landfall on March 28 in Australia but before the damage was estimated . ( Additional reporting by Olesya Astakhova ; writing by Polina Devitt ; editing by Katya Golubkova and Jason Neely )
MANAMA Fernando Alonso 's in-flight movies will be all about the Indianapolis 500 for the next few weeks as the double Formula One world champion gears up for a challenge that they are far from ready for .
The Spaniard outlined a busy agenda to reporters at the Bahrain Grand Prix on Thursday ahead of a string of races on two continents .
Alonso 's McLaren team announced on Wednesday that they will miss the showcase Monaco Grand Prix to race in the 101st edition of the U.S. race , with a car run by last year 's winners Andretti Autosport .
`` Next weekend I will be in Alabama just visiting the race and meeting the team members to see how things go there , '' they said , referring to the third round of the Indy Car season at Barber Motorsports Park on April 21-23 .
`` Probably on Monday after the race I will do the seat fitting , and then I will fly to Russia . ''
The Russian Grand Prix in Sochi follows on from Bahrain as the fourth round of the F1 season .
`` After Russia , I will try to be in Indianapolis for a couple of simulator days , hopefully test the car but it 's not 100 percent sure , and after that I will go to the Spanish Grand Prix and then fly to America on Sunday after the race , '' they said .
Free practice at the famed Brickyard takes place on the Monday after the Formula One race at the Circuit de Catalunya . The Indy 500 is on May 28 , the same weekend as Monaco .
`` On the planes , I will try and look at some videos and races from past years and try to learn as quick as I can , '' said Alonso .
`` It 's completely different skills that you need there , to adapt to the car and circuit , strategies , ways of racing that close and at that speed . Many things I have to learn and I am not ready at the moment .
`` I do n't feel prepared now , I am not in my comfort zone driving those cars or thinking about those cars but I am not afraid of trying , of not delivering a good result , '' added the 35-year-old , who was confident they would adapt .
McLaren won at Indianapolis in the 1970s , and have also triumphed at Le Mans , with Alonso now dreaming of a Triple Crown that only one driver -- Britain 's Graham Hill -- has achieved .
They also want to feel like a winner again after two tough seasons with McLaren .
`` The possibility to win a big race , a big trophy like the Indy 500 in the middle of a year is like winning a World Championship in one weekend , '' they said .
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin ; Editing by Ian Chadband )
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share ( before tax ) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 12 Open Finance SA :
* The extraordinary shareholder meeting of Open Finance TFI resolves to merge with Noble Funds TFI
* Assets of Open Finance TFI to be transferred to Noble Funds TFI in the exchange for Noble Funds TFI shares
* Noble Funds TFI SA belongs to Getin Noble Bank SA group Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
AUSTIN , Texas ( Reuters ) - Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Friday that they have grown more confident the U.S. central bank will need to raise rates three times this year .
“ I think I feel more strongly that it should be three , ” Kaplan told reporters in Austin , Texas , adding that employment data released earlier in the day was consistent with their views on the U.S. outlook .
LONDON , March 28 Stocks recovered while the dollar rose off four-month lows on Tuesday as anxiety over Donald Trump 's setback on healthcare reform gave way to tentative hopes for the U.S. president 's planned stimulus policies .
Hopes that the Trump administration will now prioritize tax reforms coupled with still-robust economic data and corporate earnings forecasts spurred some investors to look past creeping doubts about Trump 's ability to deliver on campaign promises .
Europe 's STOXX 600 rose 0.4 percent helped by financials and pharmaceutical stocks .
The dollar index against a basket of major currencies edged up 0.1 percent to 99.252 , after plumbing a trough of 98.858 overnight , its lowest level since Nov. 11 .
`` Risky asset markets have rebounded from yesterday 's opening low , supporting our view of the current market setback as a risk pause and not a turning point towards generally lower risk valuations , '' analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note to clients .
The Trump administration 's failure to undo Obamacare raised concern among investors that planned tax reforms face a rockier road though Congress . The White House said it would take the lead in crafting legislation to overhaul the tax code , adding : `` We 're going to work with Congress on this . ''
Morgan Stanley said that given some of the savings that were to come from replacing Obamacare would be lost , the upcoming tax reform may turn out to be a smaller package or result in a higher fiscal deficit .
U.S. stock futures were up 0.1 percent .
The dollar steadied after its worst week since Trump 's election after talk of more rises in Federal Reserve interest rates this year .
`` Clearly we should n't forget we are going to see at least two more hikes by the Fed this year and that there is still the potential for the next one to be pulled forward to June , '' said CIBC strategist Jeremy Stretch .
Sterling edged up a notch , trading within a narrow range as Britain prepared to start formal divorce proceedings with the European Union on Wednesday .
In emerging markets , the South African rand and government bonds extended losses after Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan was ordered home by the president , triggering speculation of an imminent cabinet reshuffle .
Recent weakness in the dollar underpinned crude oil prices though persistent worries about oversupply kept gains in check .
Prices for front-month Brent crude futures , the international benchmark for oil , were up 0.6 percent . In the United States , West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures rose 0.7 percent . ( Additional reporting by Patrick Graham ; editing by Richard Lough )
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
May 2 Roche Holding Ag
* Roche receives FDA approval for Complementary PD-l1 ( SP263 ) Biomarker test in Urothelial carcinoma
* Continues to pursue regulatory approval for Ventana PD-l1 assay in other cancer indications in US and in other geographies Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
ACCRA May 3 Ghana 's Cocobod is considering proposals to discount its premium main crop beans to local grinders as part of the new government 's plans to increase local processing to 50 percent of annual output , the regulator 's board chairperson said on Wednesday .
Locally processed beans in the world 's second largest cocoa producer have dropped to below 30 percent in the last two years from around 38 percent previously due to lack of cheaper beans , Hackman Owusu-Agyemang told reporters after a tour of the plants .
Ghana 's yearly cocoa output average 800,000 tonnes in the last five years , harvested from a two-cycle season comprising the premium October-June main crop which is exported and a July-September minor crop , discounted at 20 percent to local processing firms .
Owusu-Agyemang said while installed capacity for local processing plants had increased to more than 300,000 tonnes , the light crop harvest had become inadequate to feed them , forcing some of the companies to import from neighbouring Ivory Coast .
Apart from multinational firms such as Cargill and Barry Callebaut which sometimes bought premium beans to complement light crop supplies from Cocobod , many of the plants are operating at just around half of their throughput .
`` The request that has been made of us is to see our way clear to give them a little discount of the main crop and we said we 'd take a look at it , '' they said , adding that the proposals from the grinders included up to 5 percent discount .
`` We can not say no to their request , '' they said , adding that the government would consider it within the context of the overall cocoa trade and its commitments to modernise the sector to create jobs and enhance farmers ' welfare .
The government of Nana Akufo-Addo , inaugurated in January , said it would introduce hand pollination of cocoa seedlings and irrigation of farms as part of plans to boost production to 1 million tonnes by 2020 .
Owusu-Agyemang said although world cocoa prices continued to fall , resulting in losses of around $ 1 billion over the past year , the government would not reduce the price at which it buys the beans from farmers .
Ghana is on track to exceed its revised 800,000-tonne target for cocoa this season due to good rains this year , the chief executive of regulator Cocobod said . ( Reporting by Kwasi Kpodo ; editing by Diane Craft )
Crowd trouble delayed the start of Thursday 's Europa League match between Olympique Lyonnais and Besiktas after fans ran onto the pitch to escape missiles being thrown at them .
`` Objects and firecrackers which were thrown from the upper parts of the stands forced the supporters to take refuge on the pitch , '' said the French club on Twitter . A UEFA spokesperson said that the kickoff of the first leg of the quarter-final match had been delayed but that it would go ahead . The teams came onto the pitch at 21.40 local time , 35 minutes after the scheduled kickoff . French media said that fans of the French and Turkish sides also clashes outside the stadium before the game and hurled missiles at each other .
( Reporting by Brian Homewood ; Editing by Ian Chadband )
WRAPUP 1-Construction holds back NZ growth in Q1 , OECD calls for home loan limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 New Zealand 's economy grew less than expected in the first quarter of 2017 after the first fall in construction output in two years , suggesting the economy could be poised for softer growth but with the housing market staying uncomfortably tight .
WASHINGTON A U.S. service member died of wounds caused by an explosive device outside the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Saturday , the U.S.-led military coalition said .
A statement from Operation Inherent Resolve gave no other details .
U.S.-backed forces have been fighting to retake the Islamic State strongholds of Mosul .
News of the U.S. casualty came as U.S. President Donald Trump marked their first 100 days in office . During last year 's presidential election campaign , Trump vowed to give priority to destroying Islamic State , which operates mostly in Syria and Iraq .
( Reporting by David Brunnstrom ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
AUGUSTA , Georgia , April 5 The traditional U.S. Masters Par 3 contest was called off on Wednesday for the first time in its 57-year history with heavy storms forecast in the Augusta area .
Twenty-six players started their rounds in the curtain-raiser event for the year 's first major which starts on Thursday .
Former Masters champion Mike Weir of Canada fired a hole in one and moved joint top of the leaderboard on three under par after seven holes before organisers brought the players off the course .
Monday 's practice session was also called off and more heavy rain is forecast overnight . ( Reporting by Ed Osmond ; Editing by Frank Pingue )
The parliament 's Constitutional and Legislative Committee postponed discussing a bill that proposes stripping the nationality of terrorists in order to study the proposal , state media reported . The parliament is scheduled to discuss the bill ; however , the government has rejected it .
A representative of the Ministry of Justice and the government clarified that the government rejected the bill because the proposal would draw a distinction between criminals , who are all equal in the eyes of the law . The representative added that there are crimes in the Penal Code that are considered more severe than the crimes stipulated by the proposal , and perpetrators of those crimes are not stripped of their citizenship .
The head of the parliament 's Defence and National Security Committee Kamal Amer said that the bill is unconstitutional , and violates international conventions signed by Egypt and the global declaration of human rights . They also warned that passing such a bill would have an impact on Egypt 's national security .
The bill was submitted by member of parliament ( MP ) Mostafa Bakry , along with 60 other MPs , calling for the amendment of Article 26 of 1975 regarding Egyptian nationality . The MPs also called for another amendment that grants the prime minister the right to strip any citizens found guilty of terrorism-related crimes of their nationality .
The bill stirred controversy in parliament .
Incidents of terrorist attacks have been on the rise , particularly since the ouster of former president Mohamed Morsi in 2013 . Sinai in particular has been the target of many terrorist attacks and counter-terrorist operations .
The most recent terrorist attack in Egypt took place in December , when a suicide bomber targeted the St. Peter and St. Paul Church in Cairo . Twenty-seven people have died as a result of the attack .
Following the attack , several MPs and public figures called for military trials for those involved in acts of terrorism .
Also , Justice Minister Hossam El-Din Abdul Rahim announced that a committee of legal experts will begin working on the amendment to the Criminal Procedures Law to expedite litigation in terrorism cases .
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
April 12 HyAS & Co.Inc
* Says it will offer an off-floor distribution of 38,000 shares of its stock at the price of 1,540 yen per share , on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on April 13
* Says the limitation for purchase of the distribution is up to 100 shares for each customer
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/6ckPcj
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
NEW YORK , April 12 The sculptor of Wall Street 's `` Charging Bull '' statue is seeing red over New York City 's decision to keep in place the `` Fearless Girl '' statue that now stares it down , saying their legal rights were violated .
The city 's ruling to let the bronze depiction of a defiant girl remain until February 2018 just feet from the bull 's flaring nostrils should be reviewed , said a lawyer for sculptor Arturo Di Modica .
`` How did the process happen and should permits be revoked ? '' the attorney , Norman Siegel , said in an interview on Wednesday , adding that their client ought to have been consulted .
`` He should have been asked , never was , '' Siegel said . `` There are copyright and trademark infringement issues . ''
The 50-inch ( 127-cm ) girl stands fists on hips on a cobble stone plaza , eye-balling the 11-foot ( 3.4-meter ) bull that has occupied the space in Manhattan 's financial district for nearly three decades .
Initially installed to mark International Women 's Day on March 8 , the girl statue was meant to be removed on April 2 . But the city extended its stay amid ebullient interest on social media , generous press attention and at least two petitions .
State Street Global Advisors , a subsidiary of State Street Corp , said it financed the installation by artist Kristen Visbal to highlight the need for more women on corporate boards . Twenty-five percent of the largest 3,000 U.S. companies have no female directors , State Street noted at the time .
But Siegel said the intent was less high-minded .
`` They did it for commercial purposes , '' Siegel said .
A plaque originally placed at the girl 's feet read : `` Know the power of women in leadership . They make a difference . '' It refers to an exchange-traded fund dubbed `` SHE , '' which invests in companies with women in top executive posts .
`` They have since taken the plaque away , '' Siegel said . `` Which acknowledges perhaps it never should have been there in the first place . ''
Siegel said they have filed Freedom of Information requests about the permitting process have been filed with the office of Mayor Bill de Blasio , the city Department of Transportation and the Street Activity Permit Office .
They hope to avoid going to court but is drawing up the paperwork in case negotiations hit a dead end , they said .
`` First we will try to see if we can resolve this amicably , '' Siegel said .
The 7,100-pound ( 3,200 kg ) bull itself originally appeared as guerrilla art , installed unofficially in front of the New York Stock Exchange by Di Modica in 1989 and intended to convey the fighting spirit of the United States and of New York . After police seized the sculpture , public outcry led the city 's parks department to reinstall it days later nearby at its current location . ( Reporting by Barbara Goldberg and Gina Cherelus ; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Frances Kerry )
TOKYO , March 31 Japanese stocks dropped to more than seven-week closing lows on Friday in choppy trade as investors locked in gains on the last trading day of the fiscal year , led by selling in futures and bellwether stocks such as exporters .
The Nikkei share average fell 0.8 percent to 18,909.26 , the lowest close since Feb. 9 . The benchmark index declined 1.8 percent for the week and 1.1 percent for the month . For the quarter , it dropped 1.1 percent .
Much of the demand for Japanese stocks has been influenced by the yen 's moves and broad sentiment around U.S. President Donald Trump 's early efforts to change domestic policies .
Trump 's failure to push through a healthcare bill triggered sharp selling in Japanese equities on Monday as investors fretted about their ability to push through economic stimulus measures .
As the dollar-yen levels have been volatile recently , investors will remain cautious for a while , traders say .
All sectors but the utility were in negative territory . Exporters lost ground , with Toyota Motor Corp falling 1.1 percent and Honda Motor Co dropping 1.3 percent .
The broader Topix shed 1.0 percent to 1,512.60 , with 2.2 billion shares changing hands , the biggest since March 10 . The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 dropped 0.9 percent to 13,522.45 .
( Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
Carbon-ceramic brake discs ( http : //www.rebrake.de/category/news-en/ ? lang=en ) are the result of a highly complex production process that can take 20 days until the product is finally ready . All steps of the production process are monitored and documented to ensure the high standards of the car industry are observed up to the final inspection . The first step forms the green body of the ceramic brake disc ring . The successive high temperature production steps first product carbonisation , and then siliconization in a a high vacuum . The complex production process comes at a price . It ” s no wonder that ceramic brakes ( http : //www.rebrake.de/cost-effective-restoration-of-worn-ceramic-brake-discs/ ? lang=en ) are not only highly effective , but also very expensive . Sports car owners often have to pay at least 12,000 Euros for their brake systems if they choose the ceramic variant .
Ceramic brake discs are the result of a complex production process
The advantages of ceramic breaks are compelling and far surpass normal brakes with grey cast iron brake discs :
– quick response even in wet and extreme conditions ,
– corrosion-resistant ,
– low weight ,
– heat-resistant ,
– long-lasting .
If the garage found wear on the ceramic brake discs , there would be a nasty surprise . Under heavy loads , grooves and severe abrasion can occur . Replacing a worn disc with a new one could easily cost 5000 Euros or more . But now there is another solution . The REBRAKE restoration service has made FOXX Automotive an international sensation that has given ceramic brakes a further boost .
The REBRAKE restoration service has made FOXX Automotive a sensation throughout the world .
The benefits offered by ceramic brake systems have long been enjoyed by not only racing drivers and owners of super sports cars or high horsepower top range limousines . Ceramic brake discs are gradually becoming part of the mid-range too . Experts say that ceramic brakes will continue to gain ground . The advantages are clear . And finally of course because prematurely worn ceramic brake discs can now be effectively , quickly and cost-effectively restored .
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator clashes with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators build a barricade while clashing with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
An injured demonstrator is helped by another protester after clashing with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator clashes with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators build a barricade while clashing with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators take cover while clashing with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators rally during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' with a sign that reads 'No more dictatorship ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Riot police officers take position while clashing with demonstrators during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Riot police officers take position while clashing with demonstrators during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during the so-called 'mother of all marches ' against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela April 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS/SAN CRISTOBAL , Venezuela Two Venezuelan students and a National Guard sergeant died on Wednesday after being shot during protests against unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro , increasing turmoil in the volatile nation amid a devastating economic crisis .
Opposition supporters protested in Caracas and other cities in what they called `` the mother of all marches , '' denouncing Maduro for eroding democracy and plunging the oil-rich economy into chaos .
Crowds swelled to hundreds of thousands , including Maduro supporters who held a counter-demonstration in the capital at the urging of the president , and clashes were reported across the country during the most sustained protests since 2014 .
Maduro says that beneath a peaceful facade , the protests are little more than opposition efforts to foment a coup to end socialism in Venezuela . The opposition says they have morphed into a dictator and accuses their government of using armed civilians to spread violence and fear .
The deaths mean eight people have now been killed during protests in Venezuela this month . The opposition blames the deaths on security forces and alleged paramilitary groups . Over 400 people were arrested during protests on Wednesday , rights group Penal Forum said .
The opposition called for another protest on Thursday , raising the spectre of prolonged disruption in Venezuela .
`` Same place , same time , '' said opposition leader Henrique Capriles on Wednesday night . `` If we were millions today , tomorrow we 'll be more . ''
Wednesday 's duelling marches drew parallels to the clashes between pro and anti-government protesters in 2002 that triggered a brief coup against late President Hugo Chavez .
Carlos Moreno , 18 , a student , was leaving their home to play soccer in Caracas when armed government supporters approached a nearby opposition gathering and fired shots , according to witnesses . They were shot in the head , they said , and three security officials said they later died in a clinic after undergoing surgery .
Later on Wednesday in the opposition hotbed of San Cristobal near the Colombia border , university student Paola Ramirez died after being shot by men pursuing them and their boyfriend , according to relatives and witnesses .
`` We were on a motorbike and they were following us , shooting , '' their boyfriend told Reuters . `` I left them on a block where they were going to find their sister and I went to hide the bike . I heard shots and when I arrived they were on the ground . I tried to protect them as much as I could , '' they added , sobbing in front of their body .
The public prosecutor 's office said it was investigating both cases .
The opposition attributed both deaths to groups known as `` colectivos , '' armed government supporters who are frequently accused of involvement in confrontations during protests .
There are few clear ways of identifying colectivos , who call themselves community groups but whom the opposition accuses of being violent paramilitary wings of the ruling Socialist Party .
A National Guard sergeant was killed by a sniper during `` violent protests '' in Miranda state and a colonel was injured , the human rights ombudsman Tarek Saab tweeted on Wednesday night .
`` MADURO OUT ! ''
Waving the country 's red , yellow and blue flags and shouting `` No more dictatorship '' and `` Maduro out , '' demonstrators clogged a stretch of the main highway in Caracas . Troops fired tear gas in Caracas neighbourhoods , San Cristobal , the depressed industrial city of Puerto Ordaz , and the arid northern city of Punto Fijo .
`` We have to protest because this country is dying of hunger said Alexis Mendoza , a 53-year-old administrator marching in the Caracas neighbourhood of El Paraiso . `` There are a lot of people in the opposition and they are full of courage . ''
The march followed a fortnight of violent protests triggered by a Supreme Court decision in March to assume the powers of the opposition-led Congress - which it quickly reversed under international pressure .
The court 's move nonetheless fuelled long-simmering anger over the ruling Socialist Party 's handling of the economy . The OPEC country suffers from Soviet-style shortages of food and medicines and triple-digit inflation .
The opposition is demanding early elections , the freeing of jailed politicians , humanitarian aid , and respect for the autonomy of the opposition-led legislature .
The marchers gathered at more than two dozen points around Caracas , although some were stalled by authorities closing around 20 subway stops . Protesters had hoped to converge on the office of the state ombudsman , but as in previous attempts they were blocked by the National Guard . The protests trailed off with youths throwing rocks squaring off against security forces spraying tear gas .
MADURO SAYS `` ANTI-CHRISTS '' DEFEATED
Maduro has charged that the opposition is trying to relive the 2002 coup against Chavez , their predecessor and mentor , by blocking roads and vandalising public property .
On Wednesday afternoon they addressed a cheering red-shirted crowd in Caracas to declare that a `` corrupt and interventionist right-wing '' had been defeated .
`` Today the people stood by Maduro ! '' the president said , blasting their rivals as `` anti-Christs . '' `` We 've triumphed again ! Here we are , governing , governing , governing with the people ! '' they added , before breaking into song and dance .
Analysts say there is less likelihood of a coup against Maduro because Chavez launched a broad purge of the armed forces following their brief ouster .
Some unhappy Venezuelans also steer clear of protests , fearful of violence , cynical that marches can bring about change , or too busy looking for food amid the recession .
Venezuela benefited for years from oil-fuelled consumption and many poor citizens rose into the middle class . But the 2014 collapse in oil prices left the government unable to maintain a complex system of subsidies and price controls . Snaking grocery lines are now a common sight and people routinely say they skip meals and can not find basic medication .
Further spurring outrage was a decision by the national comptroller 's office earlier this month to disqualify opposition politician Capriles from holding office for 15 years , dashing their hopes for the presidency .
The elections council , which is sympathetic to the government , has delayed votes for state governors that were supposed to take place last year .
Demonstrators also gathered on Wednesday in the eastern city of Puerto Ordaz , home to Venezuela 's struggling state-run mining companies , and the oil city of Maracaibo .
`` I 've just graduated ... and what I 've got in the bank is n't enough for a bottle of cooking oil , '' said Gregorio Mendoza , a 23-year-old engineer in Puerto Ordaz . `` We 're poorer every day . ''
( Additional reporting by Diego Ore , Girish Gupta , Deisy Buitrago , and Andreina Aponte in Caracas , German Dam in Ciudad Guayana , Maria Ramirez in Puerto Ordaz , Isaac Urrutia in Maracaibo , and Mircely Guanipa in Punto Fijo ; Writing by Brian Ellsworth and Alexandra Ulmer ; Editing by Frances Kerry , Lisa Shumaker and Michael Perry )
Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week 's parliamentary election in Britain .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A man , thought to be in their 30s , died after they crashed their car early Tuesday in Rochester , according to the Thurston County Sheriff 's Office . Thurston County Sheriff 's Office Courtesy
BRIEF-Cellect Biotechnology received further confirmation for grant of its patent by Russian Patent Authorities
* Cellect Biotechnology - received further confirmation for grant of its patent by russian patent authorities covering any device and method using co 's apograft Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
istock/Mizina
Poached eggs are the holy grail of breakfast . They are way more impressive than the typical fried egg and elevate plain avocado toast to something Insta-worthy .
Making a poached egg sounds easy enough : just plop an egg into hot water and let the water do the work . The problem is , poached eggs can be frustratingly finicky . If you are n't careful , you could end up with a soupy mess instead of the pretty egg you had in mind . Follow these tricks , straight from a chef , for the perfect poached eggs every time :
Wait to buy your eggs
Hard-boiled eggs are best when a bit older because they 're easier to peel , but the opposite is true with poached eggs . Eggs from the back of the fridge might start falling apart in the pot , says Melissa Joulwan , author of cookbook Well Fed Weeknights : Complete Paleo Meals in 45 Minutes or Less . Poached eggs are better the fresher they are , so buy a fresh dozen today for tomorrow 's brunch , they say .
Do n't overfill the pot
Instead of filling your pot with water , stick with just two or three inches of water , says Joulwan . “ You do n't want the eggs to have a ton of room to move around and bounce to the bottom of the pot , ” they say . “ The whites will drift away from the yolk , and you 'll end up with what looks like egg drop soup . ”
Get the water just right
Before you start heating the water , add a tablespoon of lemon juice or vinegar for more acidity . “ That helps the eggs come together quickly and prevents them from getting wispy , ” says Joulwan . Bring the water to a boil , then take the temperature back down to a simmer before dropping in the eggs from a teacup or ladel . A rolling boil could break your eggs apart , but a simmer will still be hot enough to cook them .
Do n't plop it right on the plate
Timing is everything with poached eggs , so pay close attention to the timer before you even think about taking them out of the water . A runny yolk needs four minutes in the pot—just 30 seconds more and the yolk will be a bit thicker . Keep it in for five minutes if you prefer a gelled , custardy yolk , says Joulwan . Once it 's ready , use a slotted spoon to remove the water . Before plating it , set the cooked egg on a paper towel . “ Gently pat to get the excess water off it so when you put it on the toast or English muffin , it 's not all waterlogged , ” says Joulwan .
Cook for a crowd
Never try poaching more than two or three eggs in the same pot , says Joulwan . Not only will they bump into each other , but having more eggs in will bring the water temperature down and affect the delicate cooking time , says Joulwan . If you 're cooking for a crowd—or just want a more relaxing , reliable cooking method—use the oven instead , they say . Put a tablespoon of water in each cup of a muffin tray , then gently crack an egg in each section . Preheat your oven to 350°F , then slide the tray in . Bake for 11 to 13 minutes to keep the insides runny , or 14 to 15 minutes for firmer yolks . “ It 's really easy , super reliable , and more relaxing on a weekend morning , ” says Joulwan .
April 28 IK Investment Partners
* IK VIII Fund has reached an agreement with eurazeo pme and the management team to acquire a majority stake in Colisée Group
* Financial terms of the transaction are not disclosed and completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals . ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A Syrian man from Idlib is carried by Turkish medics wearing chemical protective suits to a hospital in the border town of Reyhanli in Hatay province , Turkey , April 4 , 2017 . Ferhat Dervisoglu/Dogan News Agency via REUTERS
( L-R ) Kuwait Foreign Minister Sabah Al Khalid Al Sabah , Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri , United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini observe a minute of silence in respect for the victims of suspected Syrian government chemical attack during an international conference on the future of Syria and the region , in Brussels , Belgium , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask , after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib , Syria April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley holds photographs of victims during a meeting at the United Nations Security Council on Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City , NY , U.S. April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
A crater is seen at the site of an airstrike , after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib , Syria April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A man breathes through an oxygen mask , after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib , Syria April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
WASHINGTON/BEIRUT U.S. President Donald Trump accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government of going `` beyond a red line '' with a poison gas attack on civilians and said their attitude towards Syria and Assad had changed , but gave no indication of how they would respond .
Trump said the attack , which killed at least 70 people , many of them children , `` crosses many , many lines '' , an allusion to their predecessor Barack Obama 's threat to topple Assad with air strikes if they used such weapons . Their accusations against Assad put them directly at odds with Moscow , the Syrian 's president principal backer .
`` I will tell you , what happened yesterday is unacceptable to me , '' Trump told reporters at a news conference with Jordan 's King Abdullah on Wednesday .
`` And I will tell you , it 's already happened that my attitude towards Syria and Assad has changed very much , '' though when asked at an earlier meeting whether they were formulating a new policy on Syria , Trump said : `` You 'll see . ''
Vice President Mike Pence , when asked whether it was time to renew the call for Assad to be ousted and safe zones be established , told Fox News : `` But let me be clear , all options are on the table , '' without elaborating .
U.S. officials rejected Russia 's assertion that Syrian rebels were to blame for the attack .
Trump 's comments , which came just a few days after Washington said it was no longer focussed on making Assad leave power , suggested a clash between the Kremlin and Trump 's White House after initial signals of warmer ties . Trump did not mention Russia in their comments on Wednesday but Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said it was time for Russia to think carefully about its support for Assad .
Pence said the time had come for Moscow to `` keep the word that they made to see to the elimination of chemical weapons so that they no longer threaten the people in that country . ''
Western countries , including the United States , blamed Assad 's armed forces for the worst chemical attack in Syria for more than four years .
U.S. intelligence officials , based on a preliminary assessment , said the deaths were most likely caused by sarin nerve gas dropped by Syrian aircraft on the town of Khan Sheikhoun on Tuesday . A senior State Department official said Washington had not yet ascertained it was sarin .
Moscow offered an alternative explanation that would shield Assad : that the poison gas belonged to rebels and had leaked from an insurgent weapons depot hit by Syrian bombs .
A senior White House official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the Russian explanation was not credible . `` We do n't believe it , '' the official said .
COUNTER-RESOLUTION
The United States , Britain and France have proposed a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that would condemn the attack ; the Russian Foreign Ministry called it `` unacceptable '' and said it was based on `` fake information '' .
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Moscow would press its case blaming the rebels and Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said Russia would veto the draft if Western nations went to a vote without further consultations , Interfax news agency reported .
Moscow has proposed its own draft , TASS news agency quoted a spokesperson of Russia 's U.N. mission , Fyodor Strzhizhovsky , as saying on Wednesday .
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley , issued what appeared to be a threat of unilateral action if Security Council members could not agree .
`` When the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act collectively , there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action , '' they told the council , without elaborating .
Trump described the attack as `` horrible '' and `` unspeakable . '' They faulted Obama for failing to carry through on their `` red line '' threat and when asked if they had responsibility to respond to the attack , said : `` I now have responsibility '' .
The new incident means Trump is faced with same dilemma that faced their predecessor : whether to openly challenge Moscow and risk deep involvement in a Middle East war by seeking to punish Assad for using banned weapons , or compromise and accept the Syrian leader remaining in power at the risk of looking weak .
While some rebels hailed Trump 's statement as an apparent shift in the U.S. position , others said it was too early to say whether the comments would result in a real change in policy .
Fares al-Bayoush , a Free Syrian Army commander , told Reuters : `` Today 's statement contains a serious difference from the previous statements , and we expect positivity ... from the American role .
Others who declined to be identified said they would wait and see .
Video uploaded to social media showed civilians sprawled on the ground , some in convulsions , others lifeless . Rescue workers hose down the limp bodies of small children , trying to wash away chemicals . People wail and pound on the chests of victims .
The charity Medecins Sans Frontieres said one of its hospitals in Syria had treated patients `` with symptoms - dilated pupils , muscle spasms , involuntary defecation - consistent with exposure to neuro-toxic agents such as sarin '' . The World Health Organization also said the symptoms were consistent with exposure to a nerve agent .
`` We 're talking about war crimes , '' French U.N . Ambassador Francois Delattre told reporters in New York .
Labib Nahhas , chief of foreign relations at Ahrar al-Sham , one of the biggest rebel groups in western Syria , called the Russian statement factually wrong and one which contradicted witness accounts .
`` This statement provides Assad with the required coverage and protection to continue their despicable slaughter of the Syrian people , '' Nahhas told Reuters .
The incident is the first time U.S. intelligence officials have accused Assad of using sarin since 2013 , when hundreds of people died in an attack on a Damascus suburb . At that time , Washington said Assad had crossed a `` red line '' set by then-President Obama .
Obama threatened an air campaign to topple Assad but called it off at the last minute when the Syrian leader agreed to give up their chemical arsenal under a deal brokered by Moscow , a decision which Trump has long said proved Obama 's weakness .
SAME DILEMMA
The Western-drafted U.N. Security Council resolution condemns the attack and presses Syria to cooperate with international investigators . Russia has blocked seven resolutions to protect Assad 's government , most recently in February .
Trump 's response to a diplomatic confrontation with Moscow will be closely watched at home because of accusations by their political opponents that they are too supportive of Russian President Vladimir Putin .
U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia intervened in the U.S. presidential election last year through computer hacking to help Trump defeat Hillary Clinton . The FBI and two congressional committees are investigating whether figures from the Trump campaign colluded with Moscow , which the White House denies .
Trump 's relationship with Russia has deteriorated since the presidential election campaign , when Trump praised Putin as a strong leader and vowed to improve relations between the two countries , including a more coordinated effort to defeat Islamic State in Syria .
But as Russia has grown more assertive , including interfering in European politics and deploying missiles in its western Kaliningrad region and a new ground-launched cruise missile near Volgograd in southern Russia - an apparent violation of the 1987 Intermediate Nuclear Forces ( INF ) Treaty - relations have cooled , U.S. officials have said .
The chemical attack in Idlib province , one of the last major strongholds of rebels , who have fought since 2011 to topple Assad , complicates diplomatic efforts to end a war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven half of Syrians from their homes .
Over the past several months , Western countries , including the United States , had been quietly dropping their demands that Assad leave power in any deal to end the war , accepting that the rebels no longer had the capability to topple them by force .
The use of banned chemical weapons would make it harder for the international community to sign off on any peace deal that does not remove him . Britain and France on Wednesday renewed their call for Assad to leave power .
( Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova and Polina Devitt in Moscow ; Michelle Nichols at the United Nations and Lesley Wroughton and Steve Holland in Washington ; writing by Peter Graff , Philippa Fletcher and Yara Bayoumy ; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall , Louise Ireland and Lisa Shumaker )
Australian PM mocks Trump over `` Russian guy '' at media party
MELBOURNE , June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia , according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event .
April 10 Dierig Holding AG :
* FY sales of 68.4 million euros ( $ 72.36 million ) , thus 7.5 million euros or 9.9 percent below the previous year 's figure of 75.9 million euros
* FY earnings before income taxes of 3.9 million euros , which is below the previous year 's figure of 5.4 million euros
* Expects 2017 fall in textile sales of between five and ten percent compared to 2016
* Sees 2017 group turnover below 2016
* To propose dividend 20 cents per share Source text - bit.ly/2pkT4id Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9453 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
MOGADISHU , April 9 A car bomb that exploded outside a military base in the Somali capital on Sunday has killed at least 15 people , a military official said .
The death toll could rise as a minibus carrying passengers was destroyed in the blast .
`` At least 15 people mostly civilians died in the blast , '' Major Hussein Nur , a military official , told Reuters . `` We do not know the exact figure of casualties . All the people on board the ruined minibus perished . Soldiers and other private security guards also died , '' they said . ( Reporting by Abdi Sheikh ; Writing by George Obulutsa . Editing by Jane Merriman )
The refurbished glass and steel building owned Inditex founder Amancio Ortega and will become one of Zara « s biggest stores in Europe when it re-opens in April is seen at Gran Via street in Madrid , Spain , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergio Perez
The building which houses low-cost clothing chain Primark « s five-floor Spanish flagship store and owned Inditex founder Amancio Ortega , is seen at Gran Via street in Madrid , Spain , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Susana Vera
The refurbished glass and steel building owned Inditex founder Amancio Ortega and will become one of Zara « s biggest stores in Europe when it re-opens in April is seen at Gran Via street in Madrid , Spain , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergio Perez
This belle epoque palazzo which once housed department store Rinascente and owned Inditex founder Amancio Ortega , is seen at exclusive via del Corso in Rome , Italy , April 4 , 2017 REUTERS/Remo Casilli
MADRID Amancio Ortega , founder of the world 's biggest clothing retailer Inditex and Europe 's richest man , has put a majority stake in the firm that owns the Zara fashion chain into a holding company to ensure family control remains unassailable after they die .
Corporate filings in Spain 's Mercantile Registry show the reclusive 81-year-old put a 50.01 percent shareholding into Pontegadea Investments in December 2015 , along with more than 6 billion euros ( 5 billion pounds ) in prime commercial real estate .
Ortega 's heirs will now inherit stakes in Pontegadea , which groups assets worth around 57 billion euros , rather than Inditex shares which potentially could be sold , muddying prospects for the company 's direction .
`` The absolute priority for Ortega is to guarantee the future of the company , to ensure a controlling stake in Inditex that will not be diluted , '' a source close to Pontegadea told Reuters when asked about the reasoning behind the structure .
The move aims to preserve continuity in ownership and management , said the source , who asked not to be named because of the sensitive nature of the issue .
It also is likely to maintain the firm 's paternalistic presence in the northwestern region of Galicia , where Ortega lives .
A former errand boy , Ortega built their empire in the mid-1970s from a Zara store in their hometown , the rainy fishing port of La Coruna , to a network of over 7,200 stores that employs tens of thousands globally .
Their success has had a huge knock-on effect on local businesses in Galicia , from Trison , which makes video displays for Zara stores , to Candido Hermida , a furniture maker which fits out Inditex stores worldwide .
Their charitable foundation , Fundacion Amancio Ortega , has invested millions in projects such as opening kindergartens in the region and training local schoolteachers .
In setting up Pontegadea , Ortega aims to avoid the fate of businesses like chocolate maker Cadbury and fashion house Laura Ashley , whose founding families lost control of their empires as their shareholdings were diluted and they retreated from management .
The family of Laura Ashley saw its stake in the firm progressively diluted after they died in 1985 , and its connection with the company was cut entirely by 2001 .
Family representation on the board of Cadbury ended in 2000 when chairperson Dominic Cadbury retired . U.S. food giant Kraft , now Mondelez , bought the company ten years later , closing a plant in the west of England shortly after the takeover despite protests from descendants of the founding family .
Ortega also follows the example of other founders of successful corporate empires .
Fashion designer Giorgio Armani set up a foundation last year to control the business empire they started in the 1970s .
Hans Wilsdorf , the founder of luxury watchmaker Rolex , in 1944 placed all of their shares in the Hans Wilsdorf Foundation , which has owned and run the company since their death in 1960 .
`` Depending on the terms of the trust , this should help alleviate any fears of shares being placed in the market on the event of their ( Ortega 's ) death , '' said Adam Cochrane , retail analyst at UBS .
Independent retail analyst Richard Hyman said the move was a way of protecting the Inditex brands , which in addition to Zara include the upmarket Massimo Dutti label and teen fashion chain Bershka .
`` The most important asset that Inditex has are its brands and the biggest risk to branding is dilution , '' Hyman said .
`` It is hard to predict what is going to happen in the apparel industry , the most risky sector in retail . Protecting a majority stake reduces the chances of a takeover that could lead to cost cuts that end up damaging the brand . ''
ALL IN THE FAMILY ...
Ortega became a billionaire and Spain 's richest man at the age of 65 , when Inditex was listed in 2001 . They continue to live in La Coruna where they are often seen walking their dog .
Funds from the listing were used at the time to set up Pontegadea , which is structured as a private limited company .
A Pontegadea spokesperson declined to comment for this article , and an Inditex spokesperson said the company did not comment on any matter related to its shareholders .
Corporate filings show that Ortega is Pontegadea 's chairperson and their wife Flora Perez and close business partner Jose Arnau are vice-chairpeople .
Arnau , vice president of Inditex 's board of directors , is a former tax inspector and has been closely involved in the managing of Ortega 's personal wealth since 1997 . They managed Inditex 's tax affairs from 1993 to 2001 .
Perez is Ortega 's second wife . They separated from their first wife Rosalia Mera , who died of a stroke in 2013 , in the 1980s .
Perez has a seat on Inditex 's board as the representative of Pontegadea 's 50.01 percent stake . Them brothers also hold key positions - Oscar Perez is director of flagship brand Zara while Jorge is the director of Massimo Dutti .
Ortega has three children : their daughter with Perez , Marta , 33 , who works at Zara , and two children from their first marriage , Sandra , 48 , and Marcos , 46 , neither of whom have pursued careers at Inditex .
Sandra , the second-biggest Inditex shareholder with a 5.05 percent stake , works at a Galician charity focused on helping disabled people find work . Marcos was born with cerebral palsy and is severely disabled .
... EXCEPT FOR ONE
Ortega split with Spanish tradition when they handed the roles of chief executive officer and chairperson outside the family to Pablo Isla , 53 , one of Spain 's elite squad of state lawyers , six years ago .
Entrusting the day-to-day running of the company to Isla was widely seen as removing any uncertainty about succession plans .
Poached from tobacco firm Aldatis in 2005 , Isla has overseen a tripling of the company 's value during their tenure .
Ortega still goes to work every day at the company 's headquarters in Arteixo , turning their hand to everything from fashion collections to shop floor design .
They have made largely debt-free purchases of prime real estate around the world using the dividends from their total stake of just under 60 percent of Inditex , which have nearly doubled over the past five years to a record payout of 1.26 billion euros in the latest financial year ended January 2017 , according to a source with knowledge of the matter .
Their property portfolio - roughly split equally between office and retail - include mining company Rio Tinto 's headquarters in London ; Zara rival H & M 's flagship San Francisco store on Powell Street and a five-storey Primark store on Madrid 's Gran Via .
Income at the real estate division that also sits under the Pontegadea holding company was 129 million euros in 2015 , mostly from rental income , according to results available from that year .
( Reporting by Sonya Dowsett ; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall )
May 3 Global air freight demand in March rose 14 percent , the strongest since October 2010 , boosted by an uptick in world trade and strong export orders , the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) said on Wednesday .
`` Optimism is returning to the industry as the business stabilizes after many years in the doldrums . There is , however , still much lost ground to recover while facing the dual headwinds of rising fuel and labor costs , '' said IATA Director General and CEO Alexandre de Juniac .
Air freight demand , measured in freight tonne kilometres , was primarily driven by increased shipment of silicon materials used in high-value consumer electronics devices , such as smartphones .
Available capacity rose 4.2 percent in March , meaning that load factors rose by 4.1 percentage points to 47.4 percent .
Last week , Germany 's Lufthansa reported its first operating profit since 2008 due to improved demand at its air freight division . ( Reported by Evangelo Sipsas ; Editing by Thyagaraju Adinarayan )
LAGOS , March 30 MTN has made a payment of 30 billion naira ( $ 98 million ) to the Nigerian government in part settlement of a 330 billion naira fine imposed on the telecoms group for not disconnecting unregistered SIM cards , an MTN source told Reuters on Thursday .
Africa 's largest telecoms company has already paid 80 billion naira of the total amount owed , the source said . The fine is due for payment in six instalments over three years , MTN has said . ( $ 1 = 305.45 naira ) ( Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha ; Editing by David Goodman )
Aug 14 ( Reuters ) - Australian shares are expected to open lower on Monday , weighed by miners , as base metal prices slumped amid escalating tensions between the U.S. and North Korea . Chinese iron ore futures fell nearly 5 percent in a selloff triggered by a sharp retreat in steel prices amid concerns the Shanghai commodities exchange will lift margins on rebar contracts to fight speculative trading . The local share price index futures fell 0.1 percent to 5638 , a 55.1-point discount to the underlying S & P/ASX 200 index close . The benchmark fell 1.2 percent on Friday . New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index fell 0.05 percent or 3.8 points to 7715.31 at 22:08 GMT . ( Reporting by Shanima A in Bengaluru ; Editing by Chris Reese )
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks during a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov following their talks in Moscow , Russia , April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Russia and the United States agreed to set up a working group to try to mend their battered ties on Wednesday after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson held lengthy talks in Moscow with President Vladimir Putin and the Russian foreign minister .
It was not clear until the last minute whether Putin would grant Tillerson an audience , but the fact that they did is likely to be seen as a sign that Moscow has not given up on the new U.S. administration and wants to try to improve ties which both sides agree are languishing at a post Cold War low .
A joint news conference between Sergei Lavrov , the Russian foreign minister , and Tillerson showed how much work there is to do though as the Russian used many of their speaking opportunities to lambast Washington over its actions in Syria and what they said was its unhelpful foreign interference in the past .
Tillerson , on their first visit to Russia in their current role , struck a more conciliatory stance , but said ties and trust levels were at a low point and restated Washington 's position that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad must eventually relinquish power , a position starkly at odds with Russia .
`` There is a low level of trust between our two countries , '' Tillerson said . `` The world 's two foremost nuclear powers can not have this kind of relationship . ''
Lavrov said that while Russia was not placing its hopes in Assad or any other individual in Syria , toppling the Syrian government was not an option and that a political process had to be allowed to play out .
`` We discussed Assad today , '' said Lavrov . `` I do n't remember any positive examples of how a dictator was overthrown and everything was just fine afterwards . ''
Differences over a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base last week also bubbled to the surface .
Washington says it acted to punish the Syrian government for what it said was a devastating nerve gas attack Damascus launched against its own people that killed scores .
Russia said the U.S. strike was illegal though and Lavrov repeated Moscow 's stance on Wednesday , saying an international investigation should be left to determine who was to blame and what happened .
It was wrong to blame Assad without knowing the facts , they said .
Tillerson said the United States was confident that Assad 's forces were behind the gas attack , but said there was `` no firm information '' to indicate Russian forces were involved in the same attack .
In a move that slightly softened the atmosphere , Lavrov said Putin had agreed to restore a U.S.-Russia air safety agreement covering Syria which Moscow suspended in retaliation for the U.S. missile strikes .
The agreement would be reactivated with immediate effect , Viktor Ozerov , the head of the Russian upper house of parliament 's defence committee told the RIA news agency .
( Additional reporting by Polina Devitt ; Writing by Andrew Osborn ; Editing by Anna Willard )
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking ; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers , while soft U.S. economic data , a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world 's largest economy hurt sentiment .
April 28 Imperial Oil Ltd , Canada 's No.2 integrated oil producer and refiner , on Friday reported a quarterly profit compared with a year-ago loss , helped by higher global crude prices and a C $ 151 million gain from the sale of a property .
The company , 69.6 percent owned by Exxon Mobil Corp , said net income was C $ 333 million ( $ 244.17 million ) , or 39 Canadian cents per share , in the first quarter , compared with a loss of C $ 101 million , or 12 Canadian cents , a year earlier .
Total revenue jumped 37 percent to C $ 7.16 billion . ( $ 1 = 1.3638 Canadian dollars ) ( Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru and Nia Williams in Calgary ; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The chairperson and former chief executive of creative communications agency Cogent is to step down from the firm .
Tim Pile will leave next month after spending ten years with the Meriden-based agency .
Last year , Cogent appointed new chief executive Bruce Hutton and former Tory MP Francis Maude as chairperson and next month director Marcus Husselby will become deputy chairperson .
Mr Pile said : `` I 've decided that now is the right time for me to withdraw from the business .
`` It is in good shape and Bruce has implemented a number of significant improvements resulting in delivering terrific work for our clients .
`` It is particularly good to see strong evidence of growth from both current clients and new business wins . ''
Mr Maude added : `` Everyone at Cogent is hugely appreciative of the contribution of Tim 's leadership of the company over last ten years .
`` He has now seen a smooth transition to new leadership of the business and we all wish them well for the future . ''
Cogent 's clients include BMW , Playmobil , Kwik Fit and Arriva .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Repeats with no changes to text )
By Sarah N. Lynch and Svea Herbst-Bayliss
WASHINGTON/BOSTON , April 12 Bharat R. Ramamurti , a legislative aide for Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren , is a contender for one of the vacancies on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , according to people familiar with the matter .
Ramamurti is senior counsel to Warren on banking and economic policy and they are staunchly backing them for the SEC job , one of the sources told Reuters .
The sources spoke anonymously because deliberations on candidates for the SEC , which is the primary regulator that polices and writes rules for Wall Street , are not public .
Ramamurti declined to comment .
A source said a decision on the post was not imminent . In prior instances with President Donald Trump 's administration , candidates in the running for positions were sometimes dropped after their names became public .
Other names that are in the mix include Vermont Law School professor Jennifer Taub , the AFL-CIO 's office of investment director Heather Slavkin Corzo and Andy Green , a managing director at the Center for American Progress who previously worked for SEC Democratic Commissioner Kara Stein , the sources told Reuters .
Taub and Green declined to comment and Slavkin Corzo could not be immediately reached .
A spokesperson for the White House declined to comment , saying they could not discuss personnel matters .
Trump must nominate three people to fill out the five-member panel , which currently is down to two commissioners - Acting Chairman Michael Piwowar , a Republican , and Stein .
The nomination of Wall Street deal-making attorney Jay Clayton , Trump 's choice to lead the SEC , was approved by the Senate Banking Committee earlier this month .
Clayton , an independent , is still awaiting confirmation by the full Senate , which is currently away for Easter recess .
Trump has not yet formally nominated anyone else for the remaining SEC spots - one Democrat and one Republican .
Warren , a progressive Democrat , has been critical of the Trump administration 's plans to roll back the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law .
They voted against Clayton 's nomination , saying their employment as a lawyer at Sullivan & Cromwell representing large banks creates too many conflicts of interest and may prevent them from being a tough regulator .
As their counsel on the banking committee , Ramamurti has played a prominent role in shaping Warren 's policy agenda . They helped steer their investigative efforts into the Wells Fargo fake accounts scandal and worked on bipartisan efforts to broker a deal on housing reforms for mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . ( Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch in Washington and Svea Herbst-Bayliss in Boston ; Editing by Chris Reese and Bill Trott )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Steps to improve customer service and the cost of providing new premium handsets including the iPhone X squeezed quarterly earnings at BT ( BT.L ) , sending shares in Britain 's biggest broadband and mobile provider to a five-year low on Friday .
Shares in BT slid almost six percent as analysts questioned where growth would come from after a turbulent 2017 that included an accounting scandal in Italy .
Mobile brand EE was the only part of the company to enjoy sales growth as the group reported adjusted core earnings down 2 percent to 1.8 billion pounds on revenue down 3 percent at 5.97 billion pounds in the three months to the end of December .
Analysts at Jefferies said revenue had come in 1.4 percent short of expectations , while there was a 1.5 percent miss on core earnings , reinforcing its view that it would be a challenge for the group to meet its own guidance for the year .
“ Looking across the divisions , an absence of growth remains the striking impression , ” said the broker , which has a “ hold ” rating on the stock .
BT Chief Executive Gavin Patterson said the performance in the third quarter of its financial year was broadly in line with its expectations , “ We remain confident in our outlook for the full year , ” they said .
Patterson , in the role since 2013 , has to balance a variety of demands on BT 's cash flow as well as maintaining its progressive dividend policy .
Costs include investing in fibre networks , seeking to retain Premier League soccer rights for its TV service and plugging a pension deficit .
The group 's Global Services division , the source of a profit warning in its previous financial year , is also being restructured against a backdrop of tough market conditions .
However , Patterson pointed to progress in improving customer service in its consumer business , long below the industry average according to regulator Ofcom .
“ We have seen our sixth quarter in a row of improving customer satisfaction as a result of sustained investment that we are making in service , ” they told reporters .
Complaints in BT broadband were down 31 percent down year-on-year , they said .
BT moved on to the front foot against criticism of the speed of its broadband services on Thursday , when it announced a more ambitious plan to take ultrafast full-fibre broadband to 3 million homes and businesses .
Patterson said the higher costs of the new iPhone 8 and iPhone X had increased customer acquisition costs at EE . EE added 235,000 contract customers in the period .
The company 's outlook for the full year sees broadly flat underlying revenue , with core earnings falling to between 7.5 billion and 7.6 billion pounds .
Analysts doubt it can meet its earnings target though , predicting they will come in below that range at 7.475 billion pounds , according to Thomson Reuters data .
NEW YORK Pop star Janet Jackson has split up with their Qatari business person husband just three months after giving birth to their first child , according to media reports .
People magazine , Us Weekly and Entertainment Tonight all said sources had confirmed that Jackson , 50 , and Wissam Al Mana had broken up after five years of marriage .
Representatives for the singer declined to confirm the split , which follows the birth in January of Jackson 's first child , a boy the couple named Eissa .
Britain 's Mail on Sunday publication , which was among the first to report the separation , quoted a source close to the singer as saying it was amicable . It was not known when the couple separated .
`` They 're both busy people but determined to be good parents , even if they 're apart . It 's amicable and Eissa will stay with their mother , who is basing themselves in London , '' the source told the Mail on Sunday .
Jackson and Al Mana , 43 , married in 2012 , and a year ago the singer postponed their `` Unbreakable '' world tour so they could focus on starting a family .
Jackson , the fiercely private youngest child of the famed Jackson singing family , had two previous marriages : a year-long union with soul singer James DeBarge in the mid 1980s , and to dancer Rene Elizondo Jr from 1991-2000 .
( Reporting by Jill Serjeant ; Editing by Frances Kerry )
GREENVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) — The Oakwood School in Greenville has ranked among the top private schools in the state , ranking 13th for best private k-12 school and 19th for best private high school .
Those numbers come from niche.com , a website that ranks schools based on information gathered from feedback from students and parents .
“ An indication of the value of the Oakwood School 's education ; it talks about things like community service , diversity , about academics , sports , ” said Jennifer Smith , upper school coordinator at Oakwood . “ So all the aspects you 'd like to see talked about in a school setting , we were rated on and shown to do a really good job . ”
Other schools in the east that ranked include “ Arendell Parrott Academy in Kinston and the Epiphany School of Global Studies in New Bern .
April 28 Interparfums SA :
* Q1 revenue EUR 112.4 million ( $ 122.1 million ) versus EUR 83.7 million year ago
* `` It is not possible to extrapolate from Q1 results trend for subsequent qtrs '' - CEO
* `` We remain cautious while confirming our guidance for growth with a 2017 target of FY revenue of EUR 390 million '' - CEO Source text : bit.ly/2p9VD9v Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9208 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
WARSAW , April 5 New car registrations in Poland jumped 24.6 percent last month from a year earlier to their highest in 17 years , data from the Samar research institute showed on Wednesday .
New registrations totalled 55,526 in March , the most since December 1999 and up 28.9 percent from February , the privately-run institute said .
`` Institutional clients are currently the driving force of registrations , '' Samar said in a statement , adding individuals were predominantly buying used cars .
Samar estimated about 9.5 percent of the cars were exported out of Poland shortly after their registration in March .
Registrations have now risen in annual terms for 24 consecutive months and have been growing at double-digit percentage rates since November .
Poland 's $ 450 billion economy grew at its fastest quarterly pace in a decade at the end of 2016 , underpinned by record low unemployment , a new child benefit and signs the flow of European Union aid has accelerated after a sharp contraction .
Top-selling car models in Poland this year have been the Skoda Fabia and Skoda Octavia , produced by Skoda , the Czech subsidiary of Volkswagen .
These models were followed by the Opel Astra , produced by Germany 's Opel AG , and the Toyota Yaris . ( Reporting by Marcin Goettig ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
FILE PHOTO : British Prime Minister Theresa May and U.S. President Donald Trump gesture towards each other during their joint news conference at the White House in Washington , U.S. , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
FILE PHOTO : U.S. President Donald Trump escorts British Prime Minister Theresa May down the White House colonnade after their meeting at the White House in Washington , U.S. , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
LONDON Britain can no longer rely on U.S. leadership on Middle East policy and must work more closely with Europe to ensure the Iran nuclear deal stays in place , among other policies , a committee of lawmakers said in a report on Tuesday .
The deal between Iran and six major powers restricts Tehran 's nuclear programme in exchange for the lifting of international oil and financial sanctions .
During their U.S. presidential campaign , Donald Trump called the agreement `` the worst deal ever negotiated '' and their administration has launched a review of whether lifting sanctions is in the United States ' national security interests .
`` We can no longer assume America will set the tone for the West 's relationship with the Middle East , '' said David Howell , chairperson of the British parliament 's House of Lords International Relations Committee .
In its report , the committee cited in particular Trump 's approach to Iran and to the Arab-Israeli conflict .
`` The new U.S. administration has the potential to destabilise further the region ... The U.S. President has taken positions that are unconstructive and could even escalate conflict , '' it said .
It said it was not an option for Britain to reduce its engagement in the region as exports to the Middle East are worth more than to China and India combined and investment into the UK from the region was `` extremely significant '' .
The report said Britain should work with its European partners on steps to ease restrictions on banks lending money for investment in Iran and to help develop new trade relationships , with Iran a priority for post-Brexit trade .
While Trump was unlikely to try to destroy the nuclear deal , failing to ease sanctions would push Iran towards more extensive trade relations with powers such as China and Russia , it said .
The report also said Britain should distance itself from the United States ' `` destabilising postures '' on the Arab-Israeli conflict and give serious consideration to recognising Palestine as a state to show it is committed to the two-state solution .
Trump rattled Arab and European leaders in February by indicating they were open to a one-state solution , upending a position taken by successive administrations and the international community .
They later said they liked the concept of a two-state solution but stopped short of reasserting a U.S. commitment to eventual Palestinian statehood .
`` The resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian dispute must remain high amongst British foreign policy priorities , '' the report said . `` The government should be more forthright in stating its views on these issues despite the views of the U.S . administration . ''
( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
April 5 Euronext NV :
* March 2017 average daily transaction value on Euronext cash order book stood at 7,394 million euros ( $ 7.89 billion ) down -3.1 pct compared to March 2016 and up +4.7 pct from previous month
* Average daily volume on equity index derivatives reached 227,450 contracts in March 2017 , up +3.7 pct
* March 2017 average daily transaction value on Euronext cash order book stood at 7,394 million euros down -3.1 pct
* Average daily transaction value on ETFs was 511 million euros , down by -17.1 pct
* Average daily volume on equity index derivatives reached 227,450 contracts in March 2017 , up +3.7 pct compared to March 2016 and down -2.4 pct from previous month
* On a year-to-date basis , overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stands at 517,956 contracts ( -8.0 pct compared to end of March 2016 ) and open interest was up at 14,565,756 contracts ( +4.8 % compared to end of March 2016 ) .
* March 2017 , average daily volume on commodities derivatives reached 55,226 contracts , down -9.4 pct compared to March 2016 and down -4.7 pct from previous month Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9370 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom : )
The Progressives Congress ( APC ) in Rivers State has hit out hard at Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State , Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State and former Aviation Minister , Femi Fani-Kayode , for linking the contentious Ikoyi $ 43 million to Rt . Hon . Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi , erstwhile Governor of Rivers State and incumbent Minister of Transportation . The party in a statement signed by the State Chairman , Chief ( Dr. ) Davies Ibiamu Ikanya described the accusation as mischievous , wicked , diabolical , evil and a desperate attempt to run down an innocent man whose only crime is that they led APC to defeat a party that prides itself as the largest political party in Africa .
Rivers APC in the statement issued on Monday in Port Harcourt berated Wike and their inglorious co-travellers for attempting to denigrate and disparage the person and personality of Rt . Hon . Amaechi over the Ikoyi $ 43 million saga . The party said : “ It is very sad and unfortunate that over two years that Rt . Hon . Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi led APC to dust PDP in the 2015 general elections , the PDP Leadership up till date has refused to forgive Amaechi for disgracing them out of power and salvaging our nation from a system whose corruptive tendency is not only contagious but legendary .
“ It is on record that apart from the Abuja residence of Amaechi they have no other single plot of land in any part of this country , so linking them to the ownership of the contentious Ikoyi estate and the huge sum found in it is nothing but an invidious plot to give a dog a bad name in order to hang it . It is sad and shameful that a frustrated and disgraceful group with Wike and Fayose as the key actors should attempt to tarnish the hard-earned reputation of Amaechi just because they collaborated with other patriotic Nigerians to oust a regime that is now exposed as the most corrupt ever in the history of Nigeria .
“ We sincerely sympathise with Wike , Fayose and Fani-Kayode in this failed plot which has once again exposed them for their lowly type of life , even as we wish to remind them that one day we all shall stand before God Almighty to give account of the type of politics people like them are promoting in Nigeria devoid of integrity and ideology . It has become very obvious that Wike and Fayose now derive pleasure from mentioning Amaechi 's name whenever any negative thing happens , in order to remain relevant and revive their dwindling political fortunes . Instead of Wike and Fayose to face the myriad of problems they have created for themselves , PDP and their states , they prefer to preoccupy themselves with how to drag the name of Amaechi into every imaginable controversy . Their thinking is that by pulling down Amaechi PDP will come back to power come 2019 to continue with their looting spree and destruction of our economy . They truly deserve sympathy because they are living in a fool 's paradise as Nigerians are now wiser and will never entrust their fate in the hands of wicked and shameless looters like Wike and their co-travellers .
“ For the avoidance of doubt , we wish to state that Amaechi has nothing to do with either the Ikoyi estate or the huge sums of money discovered there by EFCC . We urge Nigerians to ignore the antics of the likes of Wike , Fayose and Fani-Kayode . Now that the revealing facts before the public domain disassociates Amaechi from this , we hereby request these three rabble-rousers to formally apologise to Amaechi for this false accusation within two weeks or we may be left with no other option than to brief our lawyers accordingly .
“ Meanwhile , we urge Wike and their confused government in Rivers State to carry out their threat to sue the Federal Government if by the end of seven days the contentious huge sum is not returned to the Rivers State Government or else they should hide their ugly faces in shame if they should fail to do as threatened . We urge the Federal Government for once take the continuous threat from Gov Wike of Rivers State against the Buhari 's administration seriously and call them to order avoiding this confused undemocratic mind from aborting our hard earned democracy abruptly .
Let us reiterate that , “ It is unfortunate for Wike to state that the Ikoyi $ 43 million was part of the proceeds of the Rivers State gas turbines sold during the administration of Amaechi , knowing very well that the money realised from the sale was duly lodged in the coffers of the Rivers State Government and budgeted accordingly .
“ Nigerians can now attest that Amaechi stands as the most vilified , persecuted politician in Nigeria for their bravery , patriotism and commitment to work for a better future for our country . We remain convinced that God who has seen Amaechi this far will always safeguard them from the Wikes and Fayoses , whose favourite pastime is their obsession to plot Amaechi 's downfall – a satanic project which Almighty God will continue to frustrate to the shame of all the Wikes , Fayoses and Fani-Kayodes of this world .
March 30 Biotest AG :
* Said on Wednesday : Biotest Aktiengesellschaft and creat group corporation are currently in discussions regarding a potential business combination
* Biotest ag - Creat Group indicated key parameters of potential combination to be through public tender offer for all common and preference shares of Biotest
* Biotest AG - consideration is 28.50 euros ( $ 30.65 ) per ordinary share and 19 euros per preference share of Biotest aktiengesellschaft
* Biotest - potential transaction is subject to final negotiations of business combination agreement and agreement with co 's majority shareholder OGEL Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9297 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
You do n't have to just chuck it in the oven .
Christmas is well and truly coming . The tree is probably up , the advent calendar already fairly depleted and the cupboards filled with mince pies , but have you planned how to cook your turkey on the big day yet ?
If not – and if you 'd rather a change from the classic ‘ stick it in the oven and hope for the best ' method – Iceland ‘ s head of product development , chef Neil Nugent , has come up with three alternative ways to cook your bird this Christmas .
Here 's how to smoke , salt bake or roast your turkey like the Victorians did – in a muslin cloth with loads of butter . Delicious .
© Press Association 2017
April 3 Hytera Communications Corp Ltd
* Alphagen Capital Limited is no longer able to comply with residual commitments set out in letter of intent Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Parliament 's Judicial Committee said on Monday that the House of Representatives will openly discuss the agreement with full transparency while asserting the importance of the separation of judicial and legislative powers .
Meanwhile , a number of protesters who staged a protest in front of both the press and lawyers syndicates on Monday afternoon were reportedly arrested by security forces . The security forces had allegedly tried to disperse the protest , which echoed the public anger over the Egyptian-Saudi maritime demarcation agreement .
Sources on the ground told Daily News Egypt that the number of those arrested is not clear , as security forces surrounded protesters and grabbed an indefinite number of demonstrators who were then put in a police truck .
Daily News Egypt reached out to the Ministry of Interior for a comment , but no answer was received .
BEIJING China will begin construction of a permanent manned space station in 2019 after carrying out a successful in-orbit refuelling from its Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft , officials leading the project said on Friday .
The Tianzhou-1 , China 's first cargo spacecraft , launched on April 20 and completed the first of three planned docking attempts with the orbiting Tiangong-2 spacelab two days later , state media reported .
The successful five-day refuelling , directed from technicians on Earth and completed on Thursday , is a key milestone towards China 's plans to begin sending crews to a permanent space station by 2022 .
`` This again announces the ambition and aspiration of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese people , and our resolute confidence in becoming a major space power , '' the space station project 's supervisor Wang Zhaoyao told a news briefing in Beijing .
`` After completing experimental stage spaceflight missions , we will enter the development and construction phase . According to our plans we will carry out the assembly and construction of China 's manned space station between 2019 and 2022 . ''
President Xi Jinping has prioritised advancing China 's space programme to strengthen national security . The Central Military Commission , chaired by Xi , sent a letter congratulating staff of the Tianzhou-1 mission for `` realising our unremitting space dream '' , according to the official Xinhua news agency .
The U.S. Defense Department has highlighted China 's increasing space capabilities , saying it was pursuing activities aimed at preventing other nations from using space-based assets in a crisis .
China insists it has only peaceful ambitions in space , but has tested anti-satellite missiles .
( Reporting by Philip Wen ; Editing by SImon Cameron-Moore )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May 's Brexit letter , which was delivered by Britain 's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow ( not pictured ) that gives notice of the UK 's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of ... REUTERS/Yves Herman
LONDON European Union leaders appreciated the tone of a letter sent by Prime Minister Theresa May setting out Britain 's intention to withdraw from the bloc , May 's spokesperson told reporters on Thursday .
The spokesperson said May had spoken to the President of the European Parliament and the leaders of Ireland , Poland , Italy , France and Spain since Britain formally triggered the process of leaving the EU on Wednesday .
`` They were warm , constructive , '' they told reporters when asked about the calls . `` The feedback that we have had is that the tone of the letter was appreciated and considered to be constructive . ''
( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan , writing by William James ; editing by Stephen Addison )
April 3 Essar Investments Ltd :
* Essar announces sale of Aegis to capital square partners
* Sale marks Essar 's complete exit from bpo business
* Transaction likely to close during Q1 of FY17/18 , subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions
* Net proceeds of this sale will be used to retire Essar 's debt Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Facts and figures ahead of Saturday 's Premier League match between Leicester City and Swansea City at the King Power Stadium . Head-to-head ( last 10 matches ) Swansea 1-2 Leicester ( Premier League , Oct. 2017 ) Swansea 2-0 Leicester ( Premier League , Feb. 2017 ) Leicester 2-1 Swansea ( Premier League , Aug. 2016 ) Leicester 4-0 Swansea ( Premier League , April 2016 ) Swansea 0-3 Leicester ( Premier League , Dec. 2015 ) Leicester 2-0 Swansea ( Premier League , April 2015 ) Swansea 2-0 Leicester ( Premier League , Oct. 2014 ) Leicester 2-1 Swansea ( League Championship , Jan. 2011 ) Swansea 2-0 Leicester ( League Championship , Oct. 2010 ) Swansea 1-0 Leicester ( League Championship , Jan. 2010 ) Premier League form guide ( last five matches ) Leicester - L W D W L Swansea - W L D W W Betting odds ( supplied by William Hill ) 4/5 Leicester to win 4/1 Swansea to win 5/2 Match to end in a draw First scorer : 3/1 Jamie Vardy , 4/1 Kelechi Iheanacho , 9/2 Fousseni Diabate , 9/2 Shinji Okazaki , 6/1 Riyad Mahrez , 15/2 Tammy Abraham , 8/1 Wilfried Bony , 9/1 Jordan Ayew , 10/1 Andre Ayew , 10/1 Oliver McBurnie ( Compiled by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
May 3 Intel Corp
* Intel corp says navin shenoy to take the position of general manager of data center group ( dcg )
* Intel says diane bryant , group president of its data center group , to take a leave of absence from intel to tend to a personal family matter
* Intel corp says diane bryant to take a leave of absence from intel to tend to a personal family matter
* Intel corp - in the interim , murthy renduchintala will be client computing group 's ( ccg ) acting leader Source text ( intel.ly/2qswk3W ) Further company coverage :
April 5 Auto Partner SA :
* Some shareholders start accelerated book build to sell up to 12.5 million of Auto Partner shares representing 10.7 percent of the company 's votes
* The shareholders are Aleksandra Gorecka , Piotr Janta , Magdalena Zwolinska , Andrzej Manowski and Grzegorz Pal Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
A sketch of Taylor Swift ( L ) and their attorneys in Denver Federal Court with plaintiff David Mueller ( 2nd R ) during the Swift groping trial in Denver U.S. August 8 , 2017 .
DENVER ( Reuters ) - Pop star Taylor Swift on Friday won a preliminary round in a federal court trial stemming from their allegation that they were groped by a Colorado disc jockey , as the judge dismissed the DJ 's rival claim accusing the singer of wrongfully getting them fired .
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left intact Swift 's assault and battery countersuit against David Mueller , who had asserted they were falsely accused by the recording star and ousted from their $ 150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM under pressure from them
JOHANNESBURG , April 12 South African President Jacob Zuma said they were not stressed by calls for them to resign and urged their supporters to ignore the criticism directed against him , hours after more than 30,000 people marched in the capital demanding they quit .
Zuma has faced protests following a much-criticised cabinet reshuffle last month but the president appeared jovial at their 75th birthday celebrations , dancing and cracking jokes .
`` The opposition are doing their job , do n't be worried , '' they told their supporters in the Zulu language . `` Do not be worried by the opposition marches . '' ( Reporting by Lynette Ndabambi ; Writing by James Macharia )
AUCKLAND New Zealand police released images of two men sought in connection with the brazen theft of 130-year-old paintings of Maori tribal leaders from an Auckland gallery .
The two paintings by Czech artist Gottfried Lindauer were stolen early on Saturday when thieves drove a vehicle into the front window of the International Art Centre gallery and auction house . The artworks were to be auctioned this week .
The images from CCTV footage showed two males wearing dark clothes , black gloves and bandanas partially covering their faces . Police estimated they were 20-30 years old .
`` If you recognise any of these men – even if you suspect it could be someone you know , please get in touch with us , '' Detective Inspector Scott Beard of the Auckland City Police said in a statement .
Auckland 's international airport was on high alert for anybody trying to transport the paintings out of the country , police said . They also informed Interpol , the global police cooperation agency .
Lindauer , who emigrated to New Zealand in the 1870s , is best known for their detailed portraits of Maori chiefs . The stolen art , believed to have been painted in the 1880s , are portraits of Chief Ngatai-Raure and their wife , detailing the Maori practice of facial tattooing .
The New Zealand Herald reported that the paintings were valued at NZ $ 1 million ( $ 700,000 ) as a pair .
`` It is one of the most significant art thefts in New Zealand if we look at the value of the works , '' Ngarino Gabriel Ellis , a senior lecturer in Maori art history at the University of Auckland , told Reuters .
Ellis said it was likely the thieves thought they could sell or ransom the paintings , but warned that it would be difficult .
`` You can not sell them anywhere globally through an auction house because they are under pressure in terms of due diligence , '' they said . `` Also , ransoming does n't normally come off because almost always they are nabbed when the money is collected . ''
Nigel Borell , curator of Maori art at the Auckland Art Gallery , said Lindauer 's work was very important to New Zealand 's history .
`` Lindauer was probably New Zealand 's most prolific portrait painter , '' Borell said . `` The saddest part is the fact that some irreplaceable damage may have occurred during the robbery . ''
( $ 1 = 1.4284 New Zealand dollars )
( Reporting and writing by Benjamin Weir , Editing by Darren Schuettler )
Anna Leask is senior police reporter for the New Zealand Herald .
Leotisia Malakai lay in their hospital bed injured and bloodied , connected to tubes and drips - but they sang , they spoke and their family thought they were going to be OK .
Hours later they slipped into a coma and never woke up .
The 55-year-old died , holding their cousin 's hand and surrounded by family , on New Year 's Day , a week after the tragic bus crash that claimed two other lives .
READ MORE :
• Two dead after bus carrying 46 people crashes down bank near Gisborne
• Older sister remembers 11-year-old Gisborne Christmas Eve bus crash victim Sione Taumalolo as 'quiet , kind and smiley '
• Gisborne bus crash : Tonga 's deputy prime minister wants children home
• Two dead in Gisborne bus crash : 'We are lost big time '
Malakai was the head tutor for female students at Mailefihi Siu'ilikutapu College , where they had been teaching for more than 40 years .
They were in New Zealand with a group of their students from the college 's brass band and they were performing and raising money for their school .
As the group travelled to Gisborne their bus left the road and plunged more than 100m down a bank on Christmas Eve .
Sione Taumalolo , 11 , and Talita Moimoi Fifita , 33 , died at the scene .
Continued below .
Related Content Andrew Dickens : Why am I riding with Lance Armstrong ? Cartoon : Govt : Housing enquiry ? Ask council Watch NZH Local Focus : How to make a cricket bat
Malakai died as a result of head and other internal injuries on Sunday .
`` She was really , really sick - but they were fighting and fighting , '' their cousin Sinai Meafoou told the Herald this afternoon .
`` I was with them when they passed , I held their hand until their last breath , it was very , very emotional .
`` It was also very , very peaceful . Sia was a lady of God and I believe they had accepted this , so the moment they passed it was peaceful .
`` She was a very loving , very kind person . Sia was a very beautiful and kind-hearted lady .
They were very humble . ''
Malakai was born and raised on the Tongan island of Vava ' u .
They never married or had children , and was the sole caregiver for their elderly mother .
`` Her mother is 89 . They never left their mother , until this trip , '' Meafoou said .
`` All their siblings married and they were the only income and caregiver .
`` Wherever they would go they would always take their mum , but not on this trip . ''
Meafoou said Malakai 's mother `` cried and cried '' when they were told of the death .
`` They lived together in a house on the college property , so now the mother will have to move back to their village , that 's what we are trying to look at right now , what we can do and how we can help . ''
Meafoou lives in Wellington and spent time with Malakai when the group visited the capital .
`` She had a lovely time in New Zealand , when we were Wellington they had a good time and we were talking a lot about our family back home in the islands .
`` It 's very , very sad for us . ''
Meafoou said their cousin was admitted to Gisborne Hospital after the crash .
They had obvious injuries but was able to speak to family who rushed to their bedside from across the country including Palmerston North , Katikati , Tauranga and the South Island .
Malakai also had spinal injuries and needed surgery , so it was arranged for them to be airlifted to Waikato Hospital .
The night before they left they said goodbye to their relatives and told them they would see them the next day after their operation .
However , on Monday night Malakai 's condition deteriorated - they suffered a cardiac arrest and was put on life support .
`` We were all thinking they were OK because they were singing and talking , '' they said .
`` But then they were in a critical condition , they were unconscious the whole time . ''
Meafoou said Malakai 's body would be returned to Tonga for a funeral .
Because they were a much loved and highly respected teacher , their college and church leaders were planning the best way to farewell them
Malakai 's death came as a shock for their whole family .
`` We 're still trying to cope , '' they said .
`` Things happen unexpectedly and this is not what we wanted , but we have to try and accept it , with sadness .
`` You never know what is going to come tomorrow . ''
Malakai 's niece Tufui Kama was also at their bedside during their last days and was the last to speak with them before they died .
`` She was a very valuable member of our family , '' they told the Herald .
`` I was the last one they spoke to with their uncle , their mother 's brother before they were in a coma , '' Kama explained .
`` She had a cardiac arrest on Monday night following my arrival and for 15 minutes the doctors did CPR and they put on their life support .
`` She never spoke again . ''
Kama said before the arrest Malakai was speaking about their faith in the God .
`` She was a woman who trusted in the Lord and someone that gave their lives to serving the lord , '' Kama said .
`` She was talking with me even though their right eye was closed due to their injury and right side of their mouth as their jaw was fractured .
`` She was still able to speak and all they were saying to me was that we need to praise God and let theirs will be done .
`` I look back now ( and think ) that they wanted us a family to continue to trust in the Lord despite what has happened to her . ''
- NZ Herald
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
HONG KONG , April 13 China Shanshui Cement Group Ltd said on Thursday it had obtained a Hong Kong court injunction against former management after executives were allegedly attacked with pepper spray and smoke bombs in a bitter corporate dispute .
The injunction stops former executives from removing assets worth up to 142 million yuan ( $ 20.61 million ) from Hong Kong and posing as directors or officers of the $ 2.7 billion company , one of the biggest cement makers in China .
The dispute underlines the challenges faced by Hong Kong 's stock exchange in improving governance of mainland Chinese companies , which are prone to feuds and statements that would raise eyebrows in most other financial centres .
China Shanshui said on Monday that current executives had been attacked with pepper spray , smoke bombs and water guns and held for two hours by associates of a former official when they had tried to retake control of company property in China .
Shanshui said on Thursday that some of its employees had been detained in China due to alleged criminal conduct , although it was not clear if the charges related to the clashes at the company facility in the city of Jinan .
The company said in a filing on Monday that former deputy general manager Mi Jingtian and their associates had illegally occupied the Jinan facility .
An employee at the facility told Reuters on Monday that there had been a confrontation but that Mi had `` acted lawfully '' .
Company representatives were not available to comment and former executives could not be reached .
The injunction will remain in force until a hearing on April 21 .
Shares in Shanshui Cement have been suspended since April 2015 as its public float fell below the 25 percent minimum level required after Tianrui Group raised its stake to become the company 's biggest shareholder . A Tianrui representative was not immediately available for comment .
( $ 1 = 6.8890 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Farah Master ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
DUBAI , March 28 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Tuesday . Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy .
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks , dollar recover as markets try to move past Trump 's policy stumble
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Region follows global downtrend ; Emaar Malls drops on Souq.com bid
* Weaker dollar lifts oil futures , but soaring US output weighs
* PRECIOUS-Gold steady as dollar edges up ; focus on Trump agenda
* Middle East Crude-Benchmarks edge down ; ESPO hits lowest since Sept 2015
* Lebanon 's cabinet approves first budget in 12 years -NNA
* Turks in Germany start voting in referendum to boost Erdoğan powers
* Iran 's Rouhani seeks deals with new friend Russia
* WHO demands access to Syria 's east Ghouta to bring medical aid
* Russia says will find grain buyers to replace Turkey in few months - agencies
* EMERGING MARKETS-Dollar retreat buoys emerging currencies to multi-month highs
* Turkish banking sector loans seen rising by almost half in Q1
* Deutsche Bank reduces cheque clearing in euros in Middle East
EGYPT
* Egypt 's 5-year bond yield inches up , 10-year down at auction
* POLL-Egypt 's central bank seen holding key interest rates on Thursday
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi Arabia sweetens huge Aramco IPO with tax cut
* Saudi finance minister says cut in Aramco tax wo n't hurt state finances
* Moody 's changes Dar Al Arkan 's outlook to stable from negative ; affirms B1 rating
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Dubai 's Arqaam Capital launches global hedge fund in rare move
* Emirates Global Aluminium mandates US banks for IPO : sources
* Emaar Malls ' $ 800 mln bid for Souq.com to challenge Amazon
QATAR
* On the eve of Brexit , Qatar pledges over $ 6 billion in investment in Britain
* Qatar Airways chief says laptop ban not designed to hurt Gulf carriers
* Qatar wealth fund to open office in Silicon Valley
* QIA chief says he 's `` absolutely '' confident in Rosneft investment
* Qatar February trade surplus jumps 74 pct on year
KUWAIT
* Indonesia 's Pertamina and Kuwait Petroleum end long-standing diesel term
OMAN
* National Bank of Oman board elects Rawan Ahmed Al Said as chairperson ( Reporting by Dubai Newsroom )
Spaniard Maverick Vinales continued their perfect start to the MotoGP season on Sunday with a victory in Argentina after compatriot and reigning champion Marc Marquez crashed while leading from pole .
The 22-year-old Vinales , who switched from Suzuki at the end of last year , became the first Yamaha rider since U.S. great Wayne Rainey in 1990 to win the first two races of a season in the premier class .
Italian Valentino Rossi celebrated becoming the first rider to make 350 grand prix starts across all categories by finishing second behind their teammate , 2.915 seconds behind , at the Termas de Rio Hondo circuit .
Britain 's Cal Crutchlow had to save fuel towards the end but was third on a non-works LCR Honda .
Vinales , who won in Qatar last month , started sixth on the grid but was third by the end of the first lap . They passed Crutchlow for second on lap three and took the lead a lap later when Marquez fell at turn two .
Vinales has 50 points with Rossi second on 36 .
`` It was a difficult race because I started quite good but already Marc was pushing so hard , '' said Vinales .
`` So I was trying from the first lap to make my own pace , then I saw that they crashed and I was just thinking to bring all the points I can home because it was very important to achieve the maximum points today . ''
Marquez , on pole in Argentina for the fourth year in a row , had a lead of more than two seconds over the opening laps before the bike went from under them and dumped them in the gravel .
The Spaniard is now eighth in the championship with 13 points .
`` I was feeling amazing with the bike , I was riding really good and I do n't know why ... sure I did some mistake but this kind of mistakes make me quite disappointed , '' they said with some understatement .
Their teammate Dani Pedrosa later crashed out at the same place while Ducati riders Jorge Lorenzo and Andrea Dovizioso fell after tangles with other riders .
Nine-times world champion Rossi made a strong start from seventh place and shadowed Crutchlow before passing the Briton six laps from the end and then pulling away .
`` On the grid my mechanic said to me : 'This is the 350 , make a good race , '' grinned the 38-year-old .
Argentina was the 888th grand prix since the championship started in 1949 , and the Italian has ridden in 39.4 percent of them . Of Rossi 's total , 289 starts have been in the top category .
( Writing by Alan Baldwin in London , editing by Clare Fallon )
( Repeats , without changes , to additional subscribers )
BRATISLAVA , March 28 Shareholders of Slovakia 's biggest power utility approved a higher cost estimate for a long-delayed nuclear power plant but could not agree on how to finance the extra 800 million euros , company and government officials said on Wednesday . The new price tag for the two new 470-megawatt units at Mochovce is 5.4 billion euros ( $ 5.8 billion ) , a Slovenske Elektrarne spokesperson said on Wednesday , double the original plan .
Slovenske is owned by the government , with a 34 percent stake , and a joint venture between Italy 's Enel and privately-held Czech energy group EPH .
Under a shareholders ' agreement , Enel is in charge of the plant 's completion , and the government blocked a proposal to raise the firm 's equity , Economy Minister Peter Ziga said .
Ziga said the government agreed to the cost increase on condition that the majority shareholder -- the Slovak Power Holding owned equally by Enel and EPH -- will secure the additional 800 million euros .
`` We refused to raise the company 's capital , it 's up to the majority shareholder to provide financing , '' Ziga said .
`` One option would be a shareholder loan . It is questionable whether there 's economic room for a commercial loan , '' they added .
There have been lawsuits between the Italian firm , which bought a 66 percent stake in the power utility in 2006 , and the centre-left government of Prime Minister Robert Fico , a supporter of greater state control over strategic industries .
According to a 2015 deal , Enel will gradually sell its 66 percent stake to EPH . Fico has repeatedly demanded Enel should not pull out completely until Mochovce is completed .
But Enel said Mochovce 's expansion was a Slovenske Elektrarne project and a responsibility of all shareholders .
`` According to the signed agreement , Enel is not responsible for the funding of the project , Slovenske Elektrarne is in charge of the project completion and its funding , '' the company said in a statement .
`` Slovenske Elektrarne is currently working on the options for financing the project completion . Discussions are ongoing to identify a solution to the financing needs of the company and information will be provided at the appropriate time , '' it added .
The construction of two new units at Mochovce , which already operates two reactors , has been beset by delays and budget overruns .
Reuters reported last October the cost would jump to 5.4 billion euros . The estimate had already risen to 4.6 billion euros from an initial 2.8 billion euros .
The plant 's launch is now envisaged in November 2018 for the first reactor and November 2019 for the second , a year behind the previous schedule , Slovenske 's spokesperson said . ( $ 1 = 0.9266 euros ) ( Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova ; editing by Susan Thomas/Ruth Pitchford )
May 2 Broadwind Energy Inc
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.43 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.34
* Q1 sales rose 20 percent to $ 56.1 million
* Q1 2017 orders total $ 40 million , up 3 pct from Q1 2016
* Booked $ 40.0 million of net new orders in Q1 2017 , compared to $ 39.0 million of net new orders booked in q1 2016
* At March 31 , 2017 , total backlog was $ 181.7 million , more than double backlog of $ 86.0 million at March 31 , 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
CARMEL , N.Y. ( AP ) `` A former district attorney who 's the son of TV 's Judge Judy got a public apology Tuesday from a sheriff as part of the settlement of a defamation lawsuit .
Putnam County Sheriff Don Smith posted the apology to ex-county district attorney Adam Levy on the sheriff 's department 's website . They apologized for two March 2013 press releases that included statements saying Levy had interfered with the investigation of child rape accusations made against a friend of his . Levy had recused themselves from the case ; their friend later was acquitted .
`` Today , I retract these releases unequivocally and apologize for the statements contained therein , '' Smith said . `` These statements were untrue and I should not have made them . ''
The settlement of the case includes a payment to Levy of $ 150,000 .
Advertisement
Levy , who lost their re-election bid in 2015 , said Smith 's statements `` created a cascade and barrage of false , misleading media accounts that clearly affected '' the race .
`` We can never go back , we will never go back and change what Don Smith has done , '' they said . `` But clearly their actions had an impact on the voters of this county . I can only hope by their acknowledgement and admissions and confession today , that they will see clear on seeking their own justice in the future . ''
Levy 's mother , Judy Sheindlin , the star of `` Judge Judy , '' said they `` won their hard fought battle for their integrity , their honesty , their reputation , their honor . Most of all they won their battle for the truth . ''
The case involved Alexandru Hossu , a Romanian immigrant who was Levy 's former personal trainer . Hossu was accused of raping the daughter of their former girlfriend .
WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Wednesday took its first step in replacing Obama-era banking regulators , naming a veteran financial lawyer as interim head of the watchdog for federally chartered banks .
Keith Noreika , a partner at law firm Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP , will be first deputy comptroller at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and will run the OCC on an interim basis when Comptroller Thomas Curry leaves on May 5 , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement .
Former banker Joseph Otting , who worked with Mnuchin at Californian lender OneWest , is considered the lead contender to permanently replace Curry , several people familiar with the matter have said . That appointment requires Senate confirmation and analysts said they expected Noreika to be in charge for much of this year .
U.S. President Donald Trump wants to overhaul regulation of the financial services system to make it easier for banks to lend and has asked Mnuchin to review the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law by June 3 .
The OCC is one of several regulators that monitors the health of Wall Street banks but has a particularly influential role in scrutinizing lending practices .
Under Curry , OCC bank examiners have clamped down on what they perceive as overly risky loans , particularly the type used to fund private equity buyouts .
Curry used their position to warn banks when they thought they were talking on too much risk in loans to energy firms and property developers .
`` Curry did use the bully pulpit to warn banks against risky activity and I think you 're likely to see less of that going forward , '' said Ian Katz , financial policy analyst at research firm Capital Alpha .
The appointment of Noreika and the expected nomination of Otting meant limits on how many banks can lend to highly indebted companies may be loosened in the future , said Jaret Seiberg , analyst at Cowen Washington Research Group .
`` This is the most bullish sign yet for the biggest banks that the Trump administration will pursue a traditional Republican approach of financial regulation rather than adopt a more populist tone that could include high leverage capital requirements , '' Seiberg said .
CONTROVERSIAL CHOICES
Trump 's plans to overhaul regulation are being held up by the government 's current lean crew of regulators .
While the Senate voted on Tuesday to confirm attorney Jay Clayton to head the Securities and Exchange Commission , the OCC 's changing of the guard might not be so smooth .
Democrats have criticized practices at OneWest , the lender created by Mnuchin after the 2008 housing crisis that foreclosed on 36,000 California families . Mnuchin hired Otting as chief executive of the bank in 2010 and they held that role until it was bought by CIT Group in 2014 .
Noreika 's background as a lawyer who has advised banks on M & A , including Ant Financial 's acquisition of Moneygram , as well as on the Volcker Rule , which prohibits banks from making speculative bets , is also controversial .
`` It is disturbing that the President is rushing to replace Mr. Curry with an acting appointee who has clear conflicts of interest , and lacks any experience in running such an important agency , '' Ohio Democrat Sherrod Brown , the ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee , said in a statement .
Noreika 's appointment does not require Senate approval .
Curry , a career regulator , was appointed by the Obama administration for a five-year term that expired last month and has since been serving under an extension .
While Curry took a tough line on risky lending , the agency did come under fire for its failure to tackle a sales practice abuse scandal at Wells Fargo & Co .
The OCC is also trying to establish itself as a regulator of online lenders and financial technology firms . State authorities have argued that is their job and are suing the OCC , arguing it lacks the legal authority to offer a banking charter for technology companies .
There are also three vacant spots on the Federal Reserve Board , including the post of vice chair of supervision , which will play a key role in any overhaul of bank regulation .
Earlier on Wednesday , Mnuchin told a conference of community bankers that Trump had signed off on a nominee to fill the vice chair role but did not name the person . Reuters had previously reported that Randal Quarles , who worked as under secretary for domestic finance at the Treasury under President George W. Bush , was a leading candidate .
Mnuchin said the administration was also close to naming the two other Fed selections .
( Writing by Carmel Crimmins ; Editing by Frances Kerry and Meredith Mazzilli )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 10 Oxley Holdings Ltd
* Responds to SGX queries in relation to termination of term sheet for management of a hotel in Batam , Indonesia
* Due to commercial reasons , parties mutually agree not to proceed further to enter into definitive agreements and hence , term sheet lapsed on 31 March 2017
* After entering into term sheet , co and Wyndham took steps to negotiate detailed terms of definitive deals until they mutually agree not to proceed further Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Chairman Urs Rohner and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse arrive before the annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Activists of environmental group Greenpeace display a poster to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline ahead of Swiss bank Credit Suisse ? s annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Private security staff stands beside a pipe placed by activists of environmental group Greenpeace to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline ahead of Swiss bank Credit Suisse 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Swiss police officers arrest activists of environmental group Greenpeace after a protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline ahead of Swiss bank Credit Suisse 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Chairman Urs Rohner and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse look up as activists of environmental group Greenpeace unveil a banner to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline during the bank 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
An activist of environmental group Greenpeace is seen beside the logo of of Swiss bank Credit Suisse after unveiling a banner to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline during the bank 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Swiss police officers arrest activists of environmental group Greenpeace after a protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline ahead of Swiss bank Credit Suisse 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Chairman Urs Rohner ( L ) and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse are seen in the back as an activist of environmental group Greenpeace abseils after unveiling a banner to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline during the bank 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Chairman Urs Rohner and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse look up as activists of environmental group Greenpeace unveil a banner to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline during the bank 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Chairman Urs Rohner and CEO Tidjane Thiam of Swiss bank Credit Suisse look up as activists of environmental group Greenpeace unveil a banner to protest against the financing of the Dakota-Access oil pipeline during the bank 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Activists from environment group Greenpeace gatecrashed Credit Suisse 's annual shareholder meeting on Friday to protest against the Swiss bank 's dealings with companies behind the Dakota Access Pipeline ( DAPL ) .
Greenpeace unfurled a banner criticizing the crude oil pipeline from the stadium ceiling during the speech of Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam , with two people on wires holding the banner .
`` I am a democrat and a great believer in freedom of expression , '' Thiam said . `` I will continue my speech . Everyone has a right to express their views . ''
The banner was lifted back up around 15 minutes later .
Credit Suisse , Switzerland 's second-biggest bank , said in April it was not involved in project financing for the DAPL .
`` Allegations that Credit Suisse is the biggest lender to DAPL are false and are firmly rejected by the bank , '' it said . `` Credit Suisse has business relationships with companies undertaking the construction and operation of the pipeline . ''
The 1,172-mile ( 1,885-km ) Dakota Access line running from North Dakota to Illinois drew international attention in 2016 after the Standing Rock Native American tribe sued to block completion of the final link , saying it would desecrate a sacred burial ground .
Environmentalists also argued that potential leaks along its length would risk poisoning the water supply for some 17 million Americans .
In February , U.S. President Donald Trump gave the go-ahead to complete the project . The protest camps were demolished and oil is expected to start flowing in mid-May .
( Reporting by Joshua Franklin ; Editing by Michael Shields )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Access Bio Inc :
* Says it signed a 5.82 billion won contract with PFSCM ( Partnership for Supply Chain Management ) to provide malaria RDT in Uganda
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/GmmcBs
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL , June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar , foreign ministry sources said , in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - CAMANIO CARE AB ( PUBL ) :
* CAMANIO CARE RECEIVES GIRAFF ORDER FROM HÖRBY MUNICIPALITY
* ‍ORDER WHICH ALSO INCLUDES OTHER PRODUCTS FROM CAMANIO CARE IS WORTH 200 KSEK​
* SAYS ORDER ‍IS START OF A CLOSE COLLABORATION WITH HÖRBY MUNICIPALITY.​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( Corrects typo in paragraph 2 )
May 2 A mineral-rich region of Papua New Guinea has lifted a 40-year-old ban on new mining and exploration , opening the way for iron ore and copper operations .
The autonomous Bougainville region has a troubled history over resource development , with a bloody secessionist conflict erupting in the late 1980s stoked by dissatisfaction in how benefits from the Panguna copper mine were distributed .
Global mining giant Rio Tinto Ltd said last year that it would relinquish ownership of Panguna , closed for around 25 years .
The lifting of the ban allows for applications to mine in the iron ore rich areas of Tore , Isina and Jaba , but does not include Panguna , one of the largest copper mines in the world , Bougainville president John Momis said in a statement on Sunday .
They added that scrapping the ban would ensure the area 's economic development , with the government seeking applications from genuine investors .
`` I look forward to the development of long term economic partnerships to allow Bougainville to fulfil the economic potential they rightly deserve , '' Momis said .
The moratorium on exploration and mining had been in place since 1971 - with the exception of Panguna - due to local concerns over revenue-sharing and the impact on the environment . ( Reporting by Benjamin Weir in Sydney ; Editing by Joseph Radford )
Lawyers have begun arguing the case of Long N.H. , a man accused of being involved the spectacular daylight abduction in Berlin of an enemy of the current leadership of the Communist Party of Vietnam ( CPV ) .
Prosecutors say Long , a Vietnamese resident of Prague , procured the vehicles used to kidnap business person and former CPV functionary Trinh Xuan Thanh last summer . Trinh was taken first to Vietnam 's embassy in Berlin and then to Vietnam itself , where they were convicted of corruption and given two life sentences .
Vietnam 's government reported that Trinh had turned themselves in , but their attorney said they were kidnapped by Long and other Vietnamese intelligence agents .
`` If you know the official case file , there 's no disputing that this was an intelligence service operation , '' attorney Petra Schlagenhauf told DW . `` I am sure the operation was ordered from the top at the behest of the leaders of the Communist Party . ''
Read more : Berlin bloggers fear the long arm of Hanoi
Trinh fled Vietnam for Germany in mid-2016 . Schlagenhauf , who has been denied any access to their client in Vietnam , said they had become the victim of politics .
`` This is related to a story within the leadership of the Vietnamese Communist Party , in which a pro-China faction has asserted itself at the expense of a pro-Western economic one , combined with a personal struggle for power , '' Schlagenhauf said .
Defense acknowledges abduction
Vietnam 's government claims that Trihn embezzled funds as a Communist Party official
Long is being charged with espionage and kidnapping . Their lawyer , Stephan Bonell , acknowledges that an abduction took place but said Long was n't involved . They also argue that the whole affair could have been avoided had the German government acted upon an international arrest warrant issued on behalf of Vietnam .
`` The German government and the German chancellor did n't do enough in this case , '' Bonell told reporters outside the courtroom . `` There was an international arrest warrant . They should have looked at whether it was justified . ''
Read more : Germany expels second Vietnamese diplomat for involvement in alleged kidnapping
Schlagenhauf countered that Trinh has received political asylum in Germany , and said a political solution could be necessary .
`` My client would be allowed to enter Germany at any time : The German government has granted them a visa according to the Geneva Convention , '' Schlagenhauf said . `` I never made the imaginative leap that they could be kidnapped . ''
Germany 's Foreign Ministry has called Trinh 's abduction `` a blatant violation of international law . '' Schlagenhauf characterized it as `` like something from the Cold War . ''
A brazen operation
The German government has already decided that Trinh deserves political asylum
From 1945 to 1989 , Berlin had the reputation of being the `` city of spies , '' but many people assume that espionage died down with the end of the Cold War . They 're wrong . Observers say there 's more spying than ever before in the German capital .
`` Political Berlin — between the Reichstag , the embassies , the Chancellery and the government ministries — is concentrated within a relatively small radius and brings together the most important targets for intelligence services , '' Christopher Nehring , director of research at the German Spy Museum Berlin , told DW . `` Meanwhile , Germany 's political weight in Europe and the world has increased in recent years ... so Germany has become more important for intelligence services . ''
Nehring said Trinh 's kidnapping had the hallmarks of a state operation in which the target was carefully watched and then snatched when the moment was ripe .
`` The speed with which they were abducted and brought to Vietnam suggests detailed planning , '' Nehring said . `` But the operation — a kidnapping in broad delight in a heavily frequented place in a faraway country that quickly became public — is very brazen . A diplomatic row was simply accepted . Someone wanted them at all costs . ''
The court will spend the weeks and perhaps months to come ascertaining the details of the abduction , while German diplomats will press Hanoi to end the affair by freeing Trinh . Germany has already ended a strategic partnership with Vietnam following the kidnapping . A Cold War-style espionage operation has put a major chill on relations between the two countries .
Watch video 05:29 Share Lawyer : Thanh trial not fair Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http : //p.dw.com/p/2qXLU Lawyer : Thanh wo n't get a fair trial in Vietnam
Every evening at 1830 UTC , DW 's editors send out a selection of the day 's news and features . You can sign up to receive it here .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
Prairie dogs in Utah won a turf battle against property developers on Wednesday when a U.S. appeals court reinstated restrictions on development in areas inhabited by the threatened animals .
Environmentalists praised the three-judge appeals court panel 's decision overturning an earlier ruling and protecting the foot-long rodents , which property rights activists say threaten farm animals and development with their massive underground colonies .
“ This is huge , not only for the prairie dog but for the Endangered Species Act , ” Michael Harris , legal director for Friends of Animals , a conservation group involved in the case , said in a phone interview Wednesday .
The plaintiffs in the case , People for the Ethical Treatment of Property Owners , had argued that the federal government did not have authority over a species that existed only in one state .
They said that while they acknowledge the importance of the species , known to build vast underground networks of tunnels , which have been found under cemeteries and golf courses , they would ask for a review of the panel 's decision by the full court .
`` Let it be on the prairie , let it be on [ federal ] land away from the developments , ” Brett Taylor , the group 's vice president , told Reuters .
Distinguished by a black “ eyebrow ” marking over each eye , Utah prairie dogs numbered about 95,000 around 1920 , but by 1972 their population had fallen to about 3,300 due to disease and people killing them .
The extremely social species was declared endangered the following year , but after its numbers grew again it was reclassified as threatened . Populations remain precariously low , according to the National Park Service .
Wednesday 's ruling affirmed the existing standard of allowing the federal government to limit local development using the Endangered Species Act , the 1973 law intended to protect species at risk of extinction .
In the majority opinion , Judge Jerome Holmes wrote that overturning the earlier ruling was in line with actions by previous circuit courts , which have ruled uniformly to protect the Endangered Species Act in similar cases .
( Reporting by Tom James in Seattle ; Editing by Patrick Enright and Andrew Hay )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FILE PHOTO : A natural gas flare on an oil well pad burns as the sun sets outside Watford City , North Dakota January 21 , 2016 REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
NEW YORK U.S. gasoline demand fell 2.4 percent in February from a year earlier , the second straight monthly decline , according to data released on Friday by the U.S. Energy Information Administration that suggested the market may have trouble repeating last year 's record volumes .
Gasoline demand fell 218,000 barrels per day to 8.988 million bpd in February , according to the EIA 's petroleum supply monthly report .
January demand for gasoline fell 1.9 percent from last year , EIA data showed .
U.S. refiners have said weather issues cut demand early this year . They still expect gasoline demand will rise modestly from last year 's record levels , executives said in an earnings calls this week .
U.S. total oil demand in February fell 2.5 percent , or 492,000 bpd from a year ago , to 19.18 million bpd , EIA data showed .
The growth in total oil demand was also hurt by weaker February distillate demand , which fell by 1.4 percent , or 54,000 bpd , to 3.905 million bpd compared with last year , the data showed .
( Reporting By Jarrett Renshaw ; Editing by David Gregorio )
( Adds details from report )
OTTAWA , April 3 Canadian companies are more optimistic about future sales and exports , and plan to boost hiring and investment to meet demand despite lingering uncertainty about U.S. protectionism , the Bank of Canada said on Monday .
Firms expect some increase in sales growth over the next 12 months amid rising domestic and foreign demand , with a growing number of companies expecting strong growth in the United States , Canada 's largest trading partner .
`` Nevertheless , firms remain wary in an environment of elevated uncertainty about potential U.S. policy changes , '' the central bank said in its quarterly business outlook survey .
Negative risks include increased U.S. protectionism , reduced competitiveness of Canadian firms if U.S. corporate taxes are cut , and possible delays in pro-growth U.S. policies , firms said in the survey .
Overall , the survey suggests a modest recovery in business sentiment after two years of weakness . Canada 's economy had been sideswiped by an oil price shock , and the Bank of Canada has kept official interest rates near historic lows to stimulate growth even as the U.S. Federal Reserve has begun raising rates .
Businesses across the country said they saw better indicators of future sales than 12 months ago `` by a solid margin , '' the survey showed .
Intentions to increase investment have become more widespread since a survey three months ago , and hiring intentions remain positive , with labor market slack no longer widening , the report showed .
Firms in all sectors and regions plan to add jobs over the next 12 months , and businesses in some regions , particularly in British Columbia , report increased difficulties in finding labor , the bank said .
The survey showed excess capacity persists , but firms expect a gradual tightening as demand strengthens . Prices also remain subdued , with firms anticipating little momentum in either input or output prices .
An expected rebound in energy-related activities after a two-year oil price slump should support sales , while the weaker Canadian dollar boosts exports and the tourism sector , the survey showed .
`` Meanwhile , some firms believe that activity in sectors experiencing robust growth ( such as housing and automobiles ) could soon level off , '' the report said .
( Reporting by Andrea Hopkins and Leah Schnurr ; Editing by Bernadette Baum )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
April 28Olympus Corp
* Says U.S.-based firm Image Stream Medical Inc ( ISM ) will become unit of Olympus Corporation of the Americas , which is wholly owned unit of the co
* ISM is engaged in image management system integrator used in operating room
* Transaction amount of up to $ 87 million
* Effective early June
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/frk5E9
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
By DAVE HANNEMAN STAFF WRITER Brittney Haas says a busy basketball schedule allows them no extra time to join Findlay First Edition , Findlay High School 's award-winning vocal program . Looks like FFE 's loss is Chris Ireland 's gain . After belting out the National Anthem before Monday & …
U.S. President Donald Trump ( L ) , flanked by Vice President Mike Pence , delivers remarks to members of the Independent Community Bankers Association in the Kennedy Garden at the White House in Washington , U.S. , May 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force helicopter carrier Izumo ( R ) and a U.S. supply ship are pictured as Izumo leaves Yokosuka base ( background ) in Kanagawa Prefecture , southwest of Tokyo in this photo taken by Kyodo on May 1 , 2017 . Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
REUTERS/File photo ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY
FILE PHOTO : A pair of B-1B Lancer bombers soar over Wyoming in an undated file photo . Staff Sgt . Steve Thurow/U.S . Air Force/Handout via REUTERS/File photo ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY
North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un watches a military drill marking the 85th anniversary of the establishment of the Korean People 's Army ( KPA ) in this handout photo by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) made available on April 26 , 2017 . KCNA/Handout via REUTERS
SEOUL/BEIJING North Korea accused the United States on Tuesday of pushing the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war after a pair of strategic U.S. bombers flew training drills with the South Korean and Japanese air forces in another show of strength .
The two supersonic B-1B Lancer bombers were deployed amid rising tensions over North Korea 's pursuit of its nuclear and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. sanctions and pressure from the United States .
The flight of the two bombers on Monday came as U.S. President Donald Trump said they would be `` honoured '' to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in the right circumstances , and as their CIA director landed in South Korea for talks .
South Korean Defence Ministry spokesperson Moon Sang-gyun told a briefing in Seoul that Monday 's joint drill was conducted to deter provocations by the North .
North Korea said the bombers conducted `` a nuclear bomb dropping drill against major objects '' in its territory at a time when Trump and `` other U.S. warmongers are crying out for making a preemptive nuclear strike '' on the North .
`` The reckless military provocation is pushing the situation on the Korean peninsula closer to the brink of nuclear war , '' the North 's official KCNA news agency said on Tuesday .
Tensions on the Korean peninsula have been high for weeks , driven by concerns that the North might conduct its sixth nuclear test in defiance of pressure from the United States and Pyongyang 's sole major ally , China .
The U.S. military 's THAAD anti-missile defence system has reached initial operational capacity in South Korea , U.S. officials told Reuters , although they cautioned that it would not be fully operational for some months .
China has repeatedly expressed its opposition to the system , whose powerful radar it fears could reach inside Chinese territory . Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang again denounced THAAD on Tuesday .
`` We will resolutely take necessary measures to defend our interests , '' Geng said , without elaborating .
Asked about Trump 's suggestion they could meet Kim , Geng said China had noted U.S. comments that it wanted to use peaceful means to resolve the issue . Trump has been recently been full of praise of Chinese President Xi Jinping 's efforts to rein in its neighbour .
`` China has always believed that using peaceful means via dialogue and consultation to resolve the peninsula 's nuclear issue is the only realistic , feasible means to achieve denuclearisation of the peninsula and maintain peace and stability there , and is the only correct choice , '' Geng told a daily news briefing .
It was widely feared North Korea could conduct its sixth nuclear test on or around April 15 to celebrate the anniversary of the birth of the North 's founding leader , Kim Il Sung , or on April 25 to coincide with the 85th anniversary of the foundation of its Korean People 's Army .
The North has conducted such tests or missile launches to mark significant events in the past .
Instead , North Korea conducted an annual military parade , featuring a display of missiles on April 15 and then a large , live-fire artillery drill 10 days later .
`` VIGILANCE , READINESS ''
Acting South Korean president Hwang Kyo-ahn called for stronger vigilance because of continuing provocation by North Korea and for countries such as China to increase pressure on the North .
The U.S. military said Mike Pompeo , director of the Central Intelligence Agency , visited South Korea and conducted detailed security discussions with their South Korean counterpart Lee Byung-ho and also visited Yeonpyeong island , which was bombed by North Korea in 2010 .
Trump drew criticism in Washington on Monday when they said they would be `` honoured '' to meet North Korea 's young leader .
`` If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him , I would absolutely , I would be honoured to do it , '' Trump told Bloomberg News .
Trump did not say what conditions would be needed for such a meeting to occur or when it could happen .
`` Clearly conditions are not there right now , '' White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said .
Trump warned in an interview with Reuters on Thursday that a `` major , major conflict '' with North Korea was possible , while China said last week the situation on the Korean peninsula could escalate or slip out of control .
In a show of force , the United States has already sent an aircraft carrier strike group , led by the USS Carl Vinson , to waters off the Korean peninsula to conduct drills with South Korea and Japan .
North Korea test-launched a missile on Saturday that appeared to have failed within minutes , its fourth successive failed launch since March . It has conducted two nuclear tests and a series of missile-related activities at an unprecedented pace since the beginning of last year .
The North is technically still at war with the South after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce , not a treaty , and regularly threatens to destroy the United States , Japan and South Korea .
( Writing by Jack Kim ; Editing by Paul Tait and Nick Macfie )
April 3 Anavex Life Sciences Corp
* Anavex Life Sciences says presentation of new mechanism of action data related to Anavex compounds targeting sigma-1 receptor at ad/pd ( tm ) 2017 meeting
* Anavex Life Sciences - during pathological conditions , Anavex 3-71 showed formation of new synapses between neurons without abnormally increasing no of astrocytes
* Anavex Life Sciences - during Anavex 2-73 , Anavex 3-71 , Anavex 1-41 showed protective effects of mitochondrial enzyme complexes I , IV during pathological conditions Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 20 Briggs & Stratton Corp
* Briggs & Stratton corporation reports fiscal 2017 third quarter results
* Q3 earnings per share $ 0.83
* Q3 sales $ 597 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 617 million
* Q3 earnings per share view $ 0.82 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees fy 2017 sales $ 1.86 billion to $ 1.9 billion
* Our outlook for fiscal 2017 remains unchanged from previous guidance
* Briggs & Stratton Corp sees 2017 capital expenditures to be $ 80 million to $ 90 million
* Briggs & Stratton Corp - fiscal 2017 operating margins are expected to be approximately 5.5 % to 5.8 %
* Briggs & Stratton Corp 2017 net income is expected to be in a range of $ 57 million to $ 64 million or $ 1.31 to $ 1.46 per diluted share
* Fy2017 revenue view $ 1.86 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $ 1.37 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
German Chancellor Angela Merkel attends a news conference following a meeting of the heads of international economy and finance organisations at the Chancellery in Berlin , Germany , April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's spokesperson on Sunday hailed the projected success of centrist Emmanuel Macron in the first round of the French presidential election .
In a Tweet , Merkel 's chief spokesperson Steffen Seibert said : `` Good that @ EmmanuelMacron succeeded with their policy for a strong EU and social market economy . Wishing them all the best for the next two weeks . ''
Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen are leading in the official vote count in France 's election with about 38-39 percent of votes counted so far , official figures from the Interior Ministry showed on Sunday .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal ; Editing by Dale Hudson )
WELLINGTON All Blacks coach Steve Hansen rates Warren Gatland 's British and Irish Lions squad as one of the strongest in recent memory but has questioned how the touring side will cope with the pressure of expectations in New Zealand .
Gatland named their bumper 41-man squad for the 10-match tour on Wednesday , saying there was no clear stand-outs for starting players in a number of positions .
World Cup-winning coach Hansen was impressed by the depth at Gatland 's disposal for the tour , which includes three tests against the All Blacks .
`` I think this is the best British and Irish Lions that we 've seen come here for a long , long time , '' Hansen told reporters at Christchurch 's Rugby Park on Thursday .
`` There is depth all the way through , that 's why people like [ Dylan ] Hartley and some of the Scottish boys have missed out because there 's so much depth .
`` It 's going to be a very good side and they 'll come with a lot of expectation , which I think is going to be interesting to see how they cope with that .
`` A lot more expectation than they 've been used to because people expect them to win . ''
CLUTCHING AT STRAWS
Bookmakers , however , still expect the All Blacks to win the series , 12 years after they whitewashed a Clive Woodward-led Lions squad laden with English World Cup winners .
With five matches against New Zealand 's dominant Super Rugby teams , Gatland said the Lions faced the `` toughest tour '' but seized upon Ireland 's shock 40-29 win over the All Blacks in Chicago in November as proof they were only human .
Hansen shot back that the Lions staff would not want to base their selections on that result , given the All Blacks defeated the Irish 21-9 two weeks later in Dublin .
`` I 'm pretty happy that our guys got some confidence beating Ireland in Ireland , ” they told New Zealand 's Radio Sport .
“ You 're clutching at straws if that 's how you are selecting teams . You pick players who can do the job you want them to do and play the style of game you want to play . ''
Hansen said there were no major surprises in Gatland 's squad with its `` big ball-carriers '' in middle of the pack and `` grunty forwards '' but said England captain Dylan Hartley , who was omitted , would have been an asset .
They rejected the idea that Gatland , who has stepped down as Wales coach to focus on the Lions tour , would unleash an expansive game in New Zealand .
`` I 'd expect we 'll get a similar game-style to whatever we 've got when we 've played a Warren Gatland team , '' Hansen said .
`` I think they 'll tell us they will ( be expansive ) , but I think they will want to win up front first . ''
( Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
Here is our guide of 10 things to do in and around Northamptonshire
1 THEATRE
Death of a Salesman , Royal & Derngate , Northampton , June 15 to 17
Arthur Miller 's gripping drama about the capatalist dream falling all around a salesperson is entering the final three days of its run at Northampton 's Royal & Derngate .
The show has been critically acclaimed by a theatregoer and has made by the theatre 's in house production team .
01604 624811 or www.royalandderngate.co.uk
2 THEATRE
Oliver , Lighthouse Theatre , Kettering , June 15 to 17
Written by Lionel Bart , the show is based on the novel by Charles Dickens and follows the plucky Oliver Twist in their plight around Victorian London .
01536 414141 or www.lighthousetheatre.co.uk
3 MUSIC
The Kilennys , The Core at Corby Cube , June 16
Irish balladeers The Kilkennys come from a city steeped in music , history and folk culture .
With passion and pride , they play a mixture of traditional Irish folk songs and new songs of their own .
01536 470470 or www.thecorecorby.com
4 COMEDY
Franks Comedy Club . Castle Theatre , Wellingborough . June 16
A wide range of comedians will appear at the club . Rob Rouse , Nigel Ng and Laura Lexx are lined up to appear at the event .
01933 270007 or www.castletheatre.co.uk
5 MUSIC
Have Guiatrs will Travel . Picturedrome , Northampton . June 17
Have Guitars Will Travel has a 60s showcase at The Picturedrome .
The line up includes 10 Joe Green & King , Retreads , Missing Links , Phoenix , Homelanders + and SleepWalkers .
Doors open at 5.30pm and admission is free .
www.richardsonsevents.com
6 COMEDY
Rolling in the Aisles , Kettering Arts Centre , June 17
Markus Birdman is a veteran of the comedy scene . They were the winner of the Lewisham Comedy Festival 2001 competition . They are joined by George Zach and Andrew Watts .
www.kettering artscentre.co.uk
7 DANCE
The Dancing Years , Castle Theatre , Wellingborough , June 17
The Dancing Years is an audio visual , nostalgic , foot-tapping trip down memory lane , reviving and reliving the dances and dance crazes that swept the nation from the Roaring 1920s to the disco dances of the 1970s , many of which have now been long forgotten .
www.castletheatre.co.uk
8 MUSIC
RPO : Jan Mrácek Performs Mendelssohn , Royal & Derngate , Northampton , June 18
Opening this summer concert is Debussy 's sumptuous and dreamlike Prélude à l'après-midi d'un faune conducted by Martyn Brabbins , depicting the tale of a mythical faun , playing their pipes alone in the woods . Jan Mráček follows with one of the foremost violin concertos of the Romantic era , full of warmth and vitality , Mendelssohn 's Violin Concerto .
01604 624811 or www.royalandderngate.co.uk
9 MUSIC
Northampton Music Festival , June 18
Northampton Music Festival returns this weekend with dozens of musicians playing on stages across the town .
Festival organiser Graham Roberts is calling on people to support the event and spend Sunday enjoying some of the talent from across the county .
www.northamptonmusicfestival.co.uk
10 MUSIC
Dan Evans , Old White Hart , Northampton , June 20
Dan Evans is headlining Great Knight Folk at The Old White Hart . Over three decades Evans has built a niche as a world-class player of the mountain dulcimer and acoustic guitar . Doors 7.45pm , tickets £8 .
April 28 Idexx Laboratories Inc
* Sees FY earnings per share of $ 2.95 to $ 3.11
* Idexx Laboratories announces first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.77
* Q1 revenue rose 11 percent to $ 462 million
* Says increases 2017 eps outlook range by $ 0.10 to $ 2.95 - $ 3.11
* Says raising its 2017 revenue outlook by $ 15 million to $ 1,925 million - $ 1,950 million
* Idexx laboratories inc sees fy 2017 capital expenditures of about $ 90 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.61 , revenue view $ 454.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $ 2.94 , revenue view $ 1.92 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UK to step up support for start-ups , infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON , June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
FILE PHOTO : An airplane of Alitalia is seen at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome , Italy , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Tony Gentile/File Photo
ROME/MILAN Alitalia filed to be put under special administration for the second time in less than a decade , starting a process that will lead to the loss-making Italian airline being overhauled , sold off or wound up .
The company 's board took the formal decision on Tuesday after workers rejected its latest rescue plan last week , making it impossible for the airline to secure funds from shareholders to keep its aircraft flying .
The government appointed three commissioners to assess whether Alitalia can be restructured , either as a standalone company or through a partial or total sale , or else liquidated .
Rome also threw the airline a short-term lifeline by guaranteeing a bridge loan of 600 million euros ( $ 655 million ) for six months to see it through the bankruptcy process .
`` We wanted to protect ticketed passengers and Alitalia 's workers until a suitable buyer is found to preserve the value of a company that has such a legacy brand and is so important for domestic connections , '' Transport Minister Graziano Delrio told reporters after a cabinet meeting .
The appointed commissioners include Luigi Gubitosi , who was set to become Alitalia chairperson if the rescue had gone through , Enrico Laghi , who is also special administrator of troubled steel plant Ilva , and academic and engineer Stefano Paleari .
The three now have six months to devise a plan for Alitalia .
Justifying its decision to ask for administration , Alitalia 's board cited the airline 's serious economic plight , the unwillingness of its investors to refinance the company and the impossibility of finding a quick alternative .
The airline said its flight schedule would remain unchanged .
James Hogan , the CEO of Etihad Airways , which bought into Alitalia during the latest restructuring in 2014 and is now its largest single investor with a 49 percent stake , said in a statement the Italian airline required `` fundamental and far-reaching restructuring to survive and grow in future . ''
`` Without the support of all stakeholders for that restructuring , we are not prepared to continue to invest , '' they said , adding Etihad would keep working with Alitalia as a commercial partner .
Alitalia is losing about 1 million euros a day and without the government loan risked running out of cash by the middle of May , sources said .
Rival airlines including Lufthansa ( LHAG.DE ) and Norwegian Air ( NWC.OL ) have shown little interest in buying Alitalia and creditors have refused to lend more money , putting more pressure on the government to find a way to save the flag carrier .
The government has ruled out renationalising Alitalia , an airline that was once a symbol of Italy 's post-war economic boom but is now struggling to compete at home against low-cost carriers and has not invested sufficiently in the more profitable long-haul routes .
Outraged at repeated bailouts that have cost taxpayers more than 7 billion euros over a decade , many Italians are urging the government to resist the political temptation to rush to its rescue again .
But with a general election due by May 2018 , few Italians believe the ruling Democratic Party ( PD ) will stand by and watch Alitalia crash and its 12,500 workers lose their jobs .
Former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , who became PD leader again on Sunday in a primary vote , has said they will have a plan for the airline by mid-May and it should not be broken up .
Alitalia was privatised in 2008 after entering administration earlier that year .
( Additional reporting by Giuseppe Fonte and Massimiliano di Giorgio in Rome and Alexander Cornwell in Dubai ; editing by David Clarke and Jane Merriman )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
May 2 Ametek Inc :
* Ametek announces strong first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.60
* Q1 sales $ 1.01 billion versus I/B/E/S view $ 961.4 million
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $ 2.40 to $ 2.48
* Sees Q2 2017 earnings per share about $ 0.60 to $ 0.62
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.57 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ametek Inc - we expect 2017 sales will increase mid-single digits , with organic sales up low-single digits
* Ametek Inc - expect Q2 2017 sales to increase mid-single digits on a percentage basis compared to same period last year
* Guidance provided for Q2 and for full year 2017 does not include anticipated closure of mocon acquisition
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 0.62 , revenue view $ 1.03 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $ 2.44 , revenue view $ 4.04 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HIGH SURF WARNING FOR NORTH AND WEST FACING SHORES
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur . Check our breaking news section for the latest .
Swell Summary
Outlook through Friday February 09 : A new northwest swell building tonight will produce warning level surf through at least Saturday night , before lowering to advisory level through the rest of the weekend . The swell will gradually subside through Thursday . The persistent east swell will continue to fade .
Surf heights are forecast heights of the face , or front , of waves . The surf forecast is based on the significant wave height , the average height of the one third largest waves , at the locations of the largest breakers . Some waves may be more than twice as high as the significant wave height . Expect to encounter rip currents in or near any surf zone .
North
am pm
Surf : 1-3′ overhead high NW long period swell with occasional well overhead high sets .
ADVERTISEMENT
Conditions : Glassy in the morning with ESE winds less than 5mph . Light sideshore texture conditions for the afternoon with the winds shifting E 5-10mph .
South
am pm
Surf : Knee to waist high WNW ground swell in the morning builds in the afternoon with occasional sets up to shoulder high .
Conditions : Glassy in the morning with WNW winds less than 5mph . Semi glassy/semi bumpy conditions for the afternoon with the winds shifting to the SW .
West
am pm
Surf : Stomach to shoulder high NW long period swell .
Conditions : Clean with SE winds less than 5mph in the morning shifting ENE for the afternoon .
* * Click directly on the images below to make them larger . Charts include : Maui County projected winds , tides , swell direction & period and expected wave heights . * *
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
ROME The implementation of a proposed border tax under discussion in the United States would be a reason to file a complaint with the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) , the chief executive of Italian steel firm Marcegaglia said on Friday .
`` A border tax would be a declaration of trade war that should be brought before the WTO , and when you start a war you do n't know where you will end up , '' Emma Marcegaglia told reporters in Rome .
Marcegaglia said it was still possible that the proposal would not be carried out , and that the issue could be resolved through trans-Atlantic negotiations .
( Reporting by Antonella Cinelli , writing by Isla Binnie )
March 30 Bombardier
* Bombardier to provide 25 additional Twindexx vario double-deck intercity trainsets to Deutsche Bahn
* Bombardier - trainsets consist of 25 Bombardier Traxx locomotives and 124 Bombardier Twindexx vario double-deck intercity cars
* Bombardier - delivery of 25 trainsets is scheduled to start in 2019
* Says order is based upon two framework agreements signed with DB in 2008 and 2013 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble is not worried by the prospect of cuts to corporate tax rates in the United States they told German magazine Wirtschaftswoche on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington .
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday promised a big announcement about tax reform shortly and ordered a review of Obama-era tax rules written to discourage U.S. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills .
`` U.S. corporate tax rates are among the highest in the world , '' the magazine quoted Schaeuble as saying . `` If the United States lowers its corporate taxes to European or international levels that wo n't bother me a bit . Just the opposite . ''
At the same time , Schaeuble said they opposed plans for a systemic change to taxation of companies based on their country of origin and a protectionist border tax favoured by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan , the magazine reported .
The Trump administration has criticised Germany for its large trade surpluses with the United States , while Germany has said its companies make quality products that customers want to buy .
During the 2016 election campaign , Trump initially issued a plan that included proposals for cuts in tax rates for individuals and corporations , a repeal of the estate tax , an offshore profits repatriation tax holiday for multinationals and a cap on the deductibility of business interest .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal . Editing by Jane Merriman )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Cineworld Group Plc :
* 87.34 PERCENT VOTES CAST AT GENERAL MEETING TO APPROVE THE ACQUISITION OF REGAL ENTERTAINMENT GROUP
* 87.73 PERCENT VOTES CAST AT GENERAL MEETING BACK ALLOTMENT OF SHARES IN COMPANY PURSUANT TO RIGHTS ISSUE​‍​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
ROME , April 5 Gonzalo Higuain scored twice on their old Napoli hunting ground to send Juventus into the Italian Cup final despite a 3-2 defeat to their bitter rivals on Wednesday .
The Argentine , returning to the San Paolo stadium for the second time since their acrimonious exit last year and booed throughout , did not celebrate their goals which gave Juve a 5-4 aggregate win over Napoli in the two-legged semi-final .
The holders appeared to be cruising as they led 2-1 on the hour but two quick Napoli goals , the first following a howler from Juve goalkeeper Neto , forced them to resort to time-wasting and gamesmanship in the last 20 minutes .
Juve , who will face Lazio in the final , stayed on course for a possible treble as they lead Serie A by six points and have reached the Champions League quarter-finals .
By a quirk in the fixture list , it was the teams ' second meeting in four days at the San Paolo following Sunday 's 1-1 draw in Serie A which Napoli dominated .
Higuain , previously a hero with Napoli fans until Juventus triggered a buyout clause in their contract and signed the striker in July , made little impact then but was not so subdued second time around .
Juve , featuring seven South Americans in their starting lineup , brought a 3-1 lead from the first leg and Higuain gave them a precious away goal when they were given time and space to turn and fire a bouncing shot past Pepe Reina from outside the area in the 32nd minute .
Marek Hamsik , who scored in Sunday 's match , levelled in the 53rd minute only for Higuain to put Juve back in front six minutes later when they turned in Juan Cuadrado 's cross .
Napoli were left needing four goals and quickly got two of them .
Neto , who stands in for veteran Gianluigi Buffon in Coppa Italia games , tried to control a throw-in with their feet but missed the ball and Dries Mertens scored into an open goal barely 20 seconds after coming on as a substitute .
Jose Callejon then set up another for Lorenzo Insigne in the 67th minute with some neat footwork but Juventus managed to disrupt Napoli 's rhythm with spoiling tactics . ( Writing by Brian Homewood ; Editing by Toby Davis )
April 3 Eclerx Services Ltd
* Says winding up of Eclerx Investment Ltd , subsidiary of the company , has been completed on March 28 , 2017
* Says subsidiary was wound up for maintaining lean organization structure and better administrative control Source text : bit.ly/2orZbEL Further company coverage :
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday ( April 17 ) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince 's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death .
Related : Prince 's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants do n't confirm the source of the drug , fentanyl , that led to the 57-year-old singer 's accidental , self-administered overdose last April , according to The Star Tribune .
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince 's name , however , Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone , which is also an opioid , under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson .
Between April 21 and Sept. 19 , 2016 , Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince 's death with a total of 11 search warrants .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
The founder and chairperson of the board of Netmarble Games , Bang Jun-hyuk , speaks during a news conference in Seoul , South Korea , January 18 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
HONG KONG ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Fantasy gaming shares offer some real-life charms . Netmarble wants a fantastical-sounding valuation in one of South Korea 's biggest-ever initial public offerings . But the maker of online role-playing games is growing fast , and profitability is soaring . So this could entrance investors - provided they believe the hits will keep coming .
The Seoul-based company will start book-building next week for a May listing on the Korea Exchange , with a 20 percent stake on offer . At the top end of the indicative range , Netmarble would rake in 2.7 trillion won ( $ 2.4 billion ) . That would value the whole group at some $ 12 billion , about 65 times last year 's earnings .
That is a hefty valuation even for a high-flying sector like online gaming . It easily beats a 12-month trailing multiple of 25 times earnings for domestic peer NCSOFT , or 47 times for Chinese giant Tencent , both of which own stakes in Netmarble .
But Netmarble has a lot going for it . Over the past few years , the company , founded in 2000 with a gaming portal for personal computers , has profitably switched its focus to mobile , while aggressively expanding overseas , partly through takeovers . Revenue more than quadrupled in the last two years and net profit surged almost fivefold .
This year should be even better , if the early success of `` Lineage 2 Revolution '' is any guide . The latest iteration of a role-playing fantasy with a huge fan base in South Korea shows a key strength of Netmarble – it can make high-end mobile titles that are good enough to entice the many serious PC gamers in one of the most wired nations in the world . The game reached $ 100 million in domestic sales in less than three weeks , faster than Pokémon Go did globally .
Aided by Lineage , net profit will probably swell more than fourfold in 2017 , according to Eugene Investment & Securities – implying a far more reasonable multiple of just 16 times this year 's earnings .
Of course , a single hit does not guarantee long-term prosperity , and people get bored of games quickly . Still , Netmarble boasts a track record of churning out bestsellers across different genres . That should give investors some confidence in this fantasy powerhouse .
American International Group Inc 's board of directors is `` actively engaged in the process of identifying the right individual to serve '' as the insurance company 's chief executive , its chairperson wrote in a letter to shareholders on Monday .
AIG 's board and management `` believe strongly that we are on the right strategic path '' and expect to `` gain the benefit '' of actions the insurer took in 2016 with a `` significantly improved risk profile and more efficient cost base , '' wrote Douglas Steenland , AIG 's non-executive chairperson of the board , in a letter that accompanied the insurer 's 2016 annual report .
( Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn ; Editing by David Gregorio )
JOHANNESBURG , April 12 South African retail sales fell by 1.7 percent year-on-year in February , largely in-line with market expectations , after shrinking by 2.3 percent in January , data from the statistics office showed on Wednesday .
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a 1.8 percent year-on-year contraction in February .
On a month-on-month basis , sales inched up by 0.8 percent but were down 0.7 percent in the three months to February compared with the same period last year , Statistics South Africa said . ( Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana ; Editing by James Macharia )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) -
* CHINA IS DRAFTING A PROPOSAL TO ALLOW GAMBLING ON HAINAN ISLAND - BLOOMBERG , CITING SOURCES‍​ Source text : bloom.bg/2nu6qKu
Private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC ( APO.N ) is in advanced negotiations to acquire U.S. telephone conferencing services provider West Corp ( WSTC.O ) , people familiar with the matter said on Thursday .
The deal would mark the second time West Corp has become a private company in a little more than a decade . It went public in 2013 and its shares are down by a quarter from their highs in March 2015 , amid concerns over the company 's competitiveness .
Apollo has prevailed in an auction for West Corp , although negotiations will continue for days and they could still end without a deal having been agreed , the sources said .
The price Apollo was offering could not be learned , although the sources said West Corp 's indebtedness of more than $ 3 billion ( £2.32 billion ) weighed on the deal negotiations .
The sources asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential . Representatives for Apollo and West Corp declined to comment .
West Corp shares rose as much as 13 percent on the news , and ended trading up 6.4 percent at $ 26.91 in New York on Thursday , giving the company a market capitalization of close to $ 2.3 billion .
Omaha , Nebraska-based West Corp offers technology that allows companies and public safety organizations to launch teleconferencing sessions and manage customer service calls .
Call centre vendors and services firms have been consolidating to gain scale and adapt amid fast technological change and pricing pressure .
Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc , a U.S. provider of call centre software owned by Permira Advisers LLP and Hellman & Friedman LLC , agreed to acquire call centre software maker Interactive Intelligence last year for $ 1.4 billion .
West Corp 's revenue was about flat in the fourth quarter of 2016 at $ 567.4 million , and its quarterly operating income was $ 102.7 million , which was down 2.2 percent from the year-earlier quarter .
Private equity firms Thomas H. Lee Partners LP and Quadrangle Group LLC owned 21.5 percent and 4.5 percent of West Corp , respectively , as of March 23 , according to a regulatory filing . This is the legacy of their taking the company private in 2006 for $ 4.1 billion , including debt . They then took West Corp public four years ago and sold down much of their stakes .
Thomas H. Lee declined to comment , while Quadrangle Group did not respond to a request for comment .
West Corp announced last November that it had hired investment bank Centerview Partners LLC and law firm Sidley Austin LLP to help it explore financial and strategic alternatives .
( Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York ; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Franscisco ; Editing by Frances Kerry and Edmund Klamann )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 10 Marksans Pharma Ltd
* Marksans Pharma Ltd says USFDA inspects manufacturing facilty at L-82 , L-83 in Goa
* Marksans Pharma Ltd says 4 observations given under form 483
* Marksans Pharma Ltd says co started addressing observations
* Marksans Pharma Ltd says USFDA granted final approval for ANDA for dutasteride soft gealtine capsule Source text : ( bit.ly/2oh2IVe ) Further company coverage :
( Adds details of court decision , mining project , hydropower dam )
By Marta Nogueira
RIO DE JANEIRO , April 12 A Brazilian court suspended the license for Toronto-based Belo Sun Mining Corp to set up a gold mine just upstream from the massive Belo Monte hydroelectric dam on a tributary of the Amazon River , federal prosecutors said on Wednesday .
Federal judge Jirair Meguerian ruled Belo Sun should not receive the license until it conducted a study of the mine 's impact on nearby indigenous communities , putting another brake on the company 's $ 5 million investment plan for 2017 .
The mining project was already blocked by a state judge due to irregularities in the acquisition of land for the mine , the prosecutors said in a statement .
Belo Sun said the judge had made their interim ruling without hearing the company 's arguments and would reconsider after reviewing its previously conducted indigenous study .
Environmentalist group ISA has criticized Belo Sun for basing its licenses on studies conducted in 2009 , before work had started on the 11,233-megawatt Belo Monte dam , whose impact on the Xingu River and two local tribes has drawn international controversy . ( Reporting by Marta Nogueira , writing by Brad Haynes )
Happy birthday Alex Kane ! [ Alex turned 62 yesterday ]
This is a wonderful article by them ( ‘ We talked about me becoming a dad so old – the benefits easily outweighed the risks , ' August 12 ) .
I had an older father ( he was 55 when I was born ) who said they would be lucky to see me to 10 .
They died when I was 27 .
They retired when I was seven , so I had a dad who was at home when I got home from school , was off sick etc .
They watched me graduate .
I was always their little girl but had the privilege to help look after them at the end .
We were a family with a difference but I would not change it for the world .
These children are a gift who will only thrive by having you as parents .
Carol Chambers , Dundonald
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
Pentation Analytics Partner Program enables organizations to offer the company 's product - Insurance Analytics Suite , to their clients
Media Contact
Ms. Ketaki Joshi
ketakijoshi @ pentationanalytics.com Ms. Ketaki Joshi
End
-- Pentation Analytics has launched a Partner Program to on-board interested organizations for distributing their flagship product , Insurance Analytics Suite . Interested organizations can re-sell Insurance Analytics Suite by developing a joint strategy to market and sell the product to their clients.Benefits of the program include competitive financial and technical advantages to help partners grow their business via Insurance Analytics Suite . Providers will have access to product training through the Pentation Analytics Partner Program , in addition to priority support during the pre-sales , sales and delivery process.The Partner Portal is available on company website.Through the portal , organizations can register to become a partner , or refer leads without registering for the partnership program.Insurance Analytics Suite an evolutionary application for the Insurance Industry . Targeting key insurance processes like increasing retention , optimizing claims and cross-sell , Insurance Analytics Suite provides end-to-end solutions that benefit both Insurance companies and Intermediaries.The proprietary application is a one-stop analytical platform for Motor , Health , P & C , and Life insurance.Pentation Analytics develops predictive analytics based applications for the Banking , Financial Services , Capital Markets , Insurance , and Payments sectors . The company is headquartered in Mumbai.For more information , visit http : //pentationanalytics.com/ The Partner Portal is available on http : //www.pentationanalytics.com/ partners
iprevent365… an industry leading health and wellness company announced today expansion into the Health Prevention Screening marketplace
Contact
iprevent365
* * * @ iprevent365.com iprevent365
End
-- Since 2010 , iprevent365 and its affiliates have advised , trained and worked with individuals , groups and organizations in various health and wellness platforms , including educational workshops , health fairs and lectures with great success . The company 's senior management has determined its expertise and resources are best utilized engaging the total wellness of various population . Moreover , it believes this can be achieved by more aggressive prevention efforts , namely , preventive screening and general examinations.To that end , iprevent has decided to enter the health prevention screeing marketplace ... offering onsite screening to various populations.iprevent365 has been steadfast in proving direct health and wellness services to distinct populations over the years . Expansion will afford the company an opportunity to impact those who can benefit from knowing their numbers , and individuals 50 years and older who may have existing illness with wcj no symptoms and possibility prevent severe illness or dealth.iprevent365 intends to offer biometric , heart disease and other health related screening test to prevent life impacting issues . iprevent365 with its highly skilled professionally trained staff plans to deliver services using state of the art technology via onsite screening to corporations and organizational partners.For further information please visit www.iprevent365.com or contact the company at 1.877.365.3433
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Lexi Thompson hits from the second course tee box during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Lexi Thompson putts on the first course green during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Eun Jeong Seong hits from the eleventh course tee box during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; So Yeon Ryu hits from the second course tee box during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Michelle Wie hits from the third course tee box during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Michelle Wie hits from the second course tee box during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Michelle Wie lines up their putt on the first course green during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Karine Icher hits from the seventeenth course tee box during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
March 30 , 2017 ; Rancho Mirage , CA , USA ; Karine Icher hits on the eighteenth course fairway during the first round of the ANA Inspiration golf tournament at Mission Hills CC-Dinah Shore Tournament Course . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
RANCHO MIRAGE , Calif. French veteran Karine Icher held the early first-round lead over an impressive chasing pack at the ANA Inspiration before high winds halted play at the first women 's major of the year on Thursday .
With gusts of 45 miles per hour ( 72 kph ) bending palm trees and blowing marked balls off greens and higher winds forecast , officials called an end to play with the afternoon wave of players still on the Mission Hills Country Club course .
Play was scheduled to resume at 7:30 a.m. PT ( 1430 GMT ) on Friday .
Icher fired a five-under-par 67 for a one-shot lead over American Michelle Wie and South Korean world number three Ryu So-yeon and their compatriots Park Sung-Hyun and amateur Seong Eun-jeong on a calm morning in the California desert .
Another shot back , at three-under , were Korean Jenny Shin and long-hitting American Lexi Thompson as the early starters took advantage before the high winds hit the long layout to challenge the other half of the field .
Defending champion and top-ranked Lydia Ko of New Zealand was two-under through five holes along with American Christina Kim ( 11 holes ) , Germany 's Caroline Masson ( 8 ) , England 's Charley Hull ( 7 ) and Suzann Pettersen of Norway ( 6 ) .
Icher , 38 , was looking to improve on their best previous showing in a major , a tie for sixth at the U.S. Women 's Open in 2005 .
`` I 'm probably the player with the most top 10s without winning , '' said Icher , who has five European Tour wins and 43 top 10s in the United States without a victory .
`` I 'm going to keep focussed and keep my game on and try to sink some putts , and we 'll see from there . ''
Wie , the 2014 U.S. Women 's Open champion , birdied the par-three 17th to join the group on four-under that included the impressive 17-year-old Seong .
Seong rode a blistering start as they birdied the first two holes and reached four-under with a hole-in-one at the 182-yard par-three fifth , where they landed a perfect six-iron .
It was the second career ace for the young Korean , who won a junior event last year at Mission Hills .
`` I have good memories of here , '' said Seong , who made the traditional ANA winner 's leap into Poppie 's Pond alongside the 18th green after their 2016 junior victory .
Other late starters who were interrupted included world number two Ariya Jutanugarn of Thailand , last year 's ANA runner-up , who was one-over through seven holes , and world number four Chun In-gee of South Korea , even-par after seven .
( Editing by Frank Pingue )
São Paulo , April 20 Estácio Participações SA suspects former Chief Executive Officer Rogério Melzi was involved in an email leak scandal that added risks to the Brazilian for-profit education firm 's takeover by larger rival Kroton Educacional SA .
According to a police record filed on Tuesday and obtained by Reuters , Estácio said there is evidence that two of its former information technology employees accessed a computer used by current CEO Pedro Thompson .
Estácio said Melzi , who left the company last June , might have been involved in an effort to obtain information from Thompson 's computer and participated in the leak of several emails from around November discussing the Kroton-Estácio deal , the record showed .
Contacted by Reuters , Melzi declined to comment on the accusations and said that Estácio did not reach out to him . The media office of Estácio also declined to comment .
Content from the emails suggested Thompson and an Estácio lawyer discussed ways to undo the deal . The disclosure of the emails fanned tension between management and shareholders of both companies ahead of antitrust analysis of the transaction .
When a local newspaper revealed the content of Thompson 's emails in March , Estácio opened an internal investigation on the matter . The probe , conducted by ICTS Global Serviços , found no evidence of wrongdoing by Thompson or other Estácio staff .
Kroton 's takeover of Estácio , if approved , could create the world 's largest education company by market value and number of students .
Shares of Estácio gained 1.8 percent to 16.61 reais on Thursday , extending year-to-date gains to 7 percent . Kroton added 1.3 percent to 14.21 reais . ( Writing by Tatiana Bautzer and Bruno Federowski ; Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Dan Grebler )
End
-- Those in the loan origination and mortgage industries may find it hard to achieve solid results . After all , there is plenty of competition , and if you are n't standing out , how will you get ahead ? Fortunately , there are ways to take your pitch to the next level , and it starts with advice from industry experts . Improve My Tomorrow Coaching gets results , and you can be the next to experience that.Sometimes , statistics do tell the whole story . Christy from Louisiana went from 0 closings to 103 closings in their first year working with Mike White of Improve My Tomorrow Coaching . Obviously , not everyone is going to have that success , but does n't even half of that sound incredible ? In many cases , even a quarter of that growth could represent a huge opportunity for your business . Do n't sit idly by when you have access to such a wealth of information.Mike White has what it takes to help you see the results you desire . If you want to stand out in a crowded industry , you need to take steps to ensure that happens . Contact Improve My Tomorrow Coaching , today , and see how simple it is to get things started.For more information visit http : //www.imtcoaching.com or call ( 561 ) 313-0325 .
( Repeats with no changes to text . The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON , Australia , April 10 One of the big hopes for a revival of the U.S. coal industry since the election of President Donald Trump is increasing exports . Right on cue , it looks likely that more of the fuel will be shipped to foreign buyers .
But this is a short-term boost and will benefit only a few U.S. coal miners , with the rest having to deal with domestic demand trending lower . The grim reality is that they ca n't compete with exports from lower cost producers around the globe .
While Trump may have declared an end to what they termed the `` war on coal '' of their predecessor Barack Obama , the U.S. coal sector is unlikely to export its way back to robust health .
This is simply because U.S. coal producers are too expensive to compete on global markets , especially in Asia , the region where coal demand is growing fastest and likely to remain the only bright spot in a world increasingly trying to move away from the polluting fuel .
The short-term boost to U.S. coal exports is virtually all down to Cyclone Debbie , a category four storm that closed mines and damaged infrastructure in eastern Australia 's Queensland and New South Wales states , when it made landfall on March 28 .
Queensland accounts for about 60 percent of Australia 's exports , including the majority of coking coal , the higher-quality fuel used mainly in steelmaking . Australia is the world 's largest exporter of coking coal and second to Indonesia in thermal coal , used mainly in power plants to generate electricity .
While the majority of mines were able to restart operations fairly quickly , it 's taking time for the rail infrastructure to be repaired , meaning there is a shortage of coal for export .
This has sent prices soaring , with coking coal futures in Singapore - priced off the spot assessments for free-on-board Australian cargoes - soaring 77 percent from the day Debbie struck to a peak of $ 275 a tonne on April 6 .
Thermal coal prices also rose . Even though shipments of the grade of fuel from Australia were n't nearly as badly affected by Debbie , the benchmark weekly index rose 9.1 percent in the week to April 7 from the week prior to the storm 's arrival .
While thermal coal supplies from Australia may be slightly constrained in coming weeks , the main issue is in coking coal . Chinese , Japanese , South Korean and Indian steelmakers are all scrambling to source alternative supplies .
The Chinese will look first to neighbouring Mongolia and Russia , while the others will cast a wide net - including as far as the United States .
This is a boon to U.S. coking coal producers , many of whom are located in the Appalachian mountains , the region that has borne the brunt of the decline in domestic coal consumption .
Assuming these miners can ramp up production , they likely have a six-week to two-month window to lock in exports at higher prices before Australian mines can resume normal deliveries .
As much as 15 million tonnes of Australian coking coal may be lost to the market from Debbie . That 's significant , but still below the estimated 25 million tonnes lost to Cyclone Yasi in 2011 , which prompted spot prices to rise to above $ 330 a tonne .
U.S. EXPORTS MOVING UP
There does appear to be an uptick in U.S. exports already in April , with Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts estimating that 6.8 million tonnes has already been booked for shipment in the month .
Given only one-third of the month has passed and more cargoes are certain to be booked , this looks strong compared to the 7.56 million tonnes exported for the whole of March .
Last month was already the highest monthly total recorded since January 2015 , the starting point for Thomson Reuters vessel-tracking and shipping data .
U.S. coal exports have been on a declining trend , with 2015 's 75.36 million tonnes slipping to 65.77 million last year .
This is largely because of lower purchases from top destination Europe , where U.S. thermal coal struggles to compete against similar quality coal from Colombia and South Africa .
U.S. coking coal remains sought after by European steel mills and is competitive against supplies from Russia , the main alternative for Europe given Australia is too distant and freight costs would be too high .
But U.S. thermal coal is unlikely to be able to compete anywhere around the globe , given the higher cost of production .
Data from consultants CRU show the that weighted average business cost for U.S. thermal coal , or the price where 50 percent or more of operations in the country are making positive cash flow , lies at $ 83.22 a tonne .
This is well above $ 39.49 a tonne for Colombia and the $ 48.73 for South Africa , showing that even with a slight seaborne freight advantage , U.S. thermal coal can not even compete in Europe , far less Asia where the shipping costs would be much higher .
Australia 's weighted average business cost for thermal coal is $ 53.98 a tonne , and for coking coal it 's $ 67.34 , according to the CRU figures .
The U.S. coking coal cost is $ 86.62 , which shows that it can be competitive globally , even with higher freight costs - as long as the coking coal price remains at elevated levels .
Coking coal enjoyed a strong rally last year on the back of strong Chinese demand as steel production rose in the world 's second-biggest economy and domestic coal output dropped because of policy constraints .
Since peaking around $ 300 a tonne in November , coking coal has retreated and appeared to be finding a base around $ 155 a tonne . But that was before the arrival of Debbie .
When Australian supplies return to normal , it 's likely that coking coal will once again head back to around the $ 150 mark , and possibly even lower given the uncertain outlook for China 's steel sector this year .
This will make it harder , but not impossible , for U.S. coking coal miners to compete in Asia , and they are always likely to be the supplier of the marginal tonne to the region .
Unless U.S. coal miners can find a way to significantly lower their costs , the simple truth is that they can not compete globally in thermal coal , and will struggle to compete in coking coal outside the European market . ( Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
April 5 Command Security Corp :
* Command Security Corp says on March 30 entered into eighth amendment to credit and security agreement , dated as of February 12 , 2009 - sec filing
* Command Security Corp says amendment increases maximum revolving line of credit amount from $ 20 million to $ 27.5 million
* Command Security Corp says amendment extends maturity date from March 31 , 2017 to March 31 , 2020 Source text ( bit.ly/2oAWGA3 ) Further company coverage :
April 28 Le Chateau Inc :
* Le Chateau reports fourth quarter and year-end results
* Q4 same store sales rose 1.2 percent
* Sales for Q4 ended January 28 , 2017 amounted to $ 62.6 million as compared with $ 65.2 million
* Comparable store sales increased 1.2 % for Q4 as compared to last year
* Qtrly loss per share $ 0.29
* Says all figures are in Canadian dollars Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 3 Direct Line Insurance Group Plc
* Trading update for the first quarter of 2017
* Gross written premium for ongoing operations 1 4.2 % higher than q1 of 2016 , with motor own brands increasing 11.2 %
* Investment income in line with expectations at £42.0 million and remains on course to achieve a 2.4 % yield
* Group continues to target a 2017 combined operating ratio 2 in range of 93 % to 95 % for ongoing operations , assuming a normal annual level of claims from major weather events and no further change to ogden discount rate
* Reiterate our target of a cor 2 in range of 93 % -95 % for 2017
* Motor own brands in-force policies by 5.9 % compared to q1 2016 , whilst home own brands in-force policies grew by 2.0 % compared to q1 2016
* Direct line for business also grew in-force policies by 5.3 % compared to q1 2016
* Group has increased prices in response to lower discount rate and anticipated impact on claims inflation
* Average written premiums were up 6.6 %
* Challenging home market , where group slowed its growth
* Home claims inflation started to increase in 2016 and continued to rise above group 's long-term expectations in q1 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park , Melbourne , Australia - 28/1/17 Serena Williams of the U.S. holds their trophy after winning their Women 's singles final match against Venus Williams of the U.S. . REUTERS/Jason Reed
LOS ANGELES Tennis superstar Serena Williams , who announced on Wednesday that they are pregnant , will not play again in 2017 but will return to the tour in 2018 , their spokesperson said .
Kelly Bush Novak told Reuters that Williams , 35 , `` definitely '' would not be able to play again this year but `` looks forward to returning in 2018 . ''
( Reporting by Dan Whitcomb ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks ; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday , driven by gains in real estate stocks , while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four , dragged down by financials . Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment . The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $ 4.2-trillion
HELSINKI Sui Wenjing and Han Cong knew there was more at stake than just ending China 's six-year gold medal drought at the world figure skating championships .
A place on the top of the podium instantly granted their country three spots , the maximum possible for a single nation , in the pairs competition at next February 's Pyeongchang Games in South Korea .
Finishing any lower down the pecking order would have left China , which will host the 2022 Winter Olympics , with fewer spots in an Olympic competition featuring 20 couples .
That would have been a real blow to a nation that is desperately trying to boost interest in winter sports in the lead up to the Beijing Games .
A country that regularly finishes among the top three nations at a summer Olympics has discovered that it is much more difficult to nurture champions willing to try their luck on snow or ice .
It was only 15 years ago when speedskater Yang Yang earned the world 's most populous country their first gold medal at a Winter Olympics . It has been painfully slow going since then as that gold haul now stands at 12 .
Figure skaters Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo contributed to that tally when they won the pairs title at the 2010 Vancouver Games .
But with China having drawn a blank in figure skating four years later in Sochi , Sui and Han knew they had to improve on two successive silver-medals at the worlds if they were to secure more Olympic air time for their ambitious nation .
Forced to sit out the start of the season as Sui recovered from surgery on their right ankle and left foot , they utilised the time to plot their path to glory in Helsinki .
All that extra homework paid off on Thursday because even when Sui crashed to the ice following a mistimed landing in the side-by-side triple Salchows , they brushed off the mishap and powered to victory with Han .
After securing China 's first world title since Pang Qing and Tong Jian won the same discipline in 2010 , Han 's thoughts immediately turned to what the victory meant for their country .
`` We feel very lucky because the China will be hosting the 2022 Olympic Games , so all the people and the government give us a lot of support , '' said Han , who beat German duo Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot with a personal best total of 232.06 points .
`` We want to be better and we want to be the best for ourselves and get ready mentally and physically so we can make the best performance for our country . ''
( Reporting by Pritha Sarkar ; Editing by Alison Williams )
LONDON , April 12 Tesco , Britain 's biggest retailer , beat forecasts for full-year profit , showing its recovery is picking up pace and potentially giving a boost to its stuttering campaign to win investor backing for a takeover of wholesaler Booker .
The supermarket group said on Wednesday it made an operating profit before exceptional items of 1.28 billion pounds ( $ 1.60 billion ) in the year to Feb. 25 2017 .
That was ahead of analysts ' average forecast of 1.26 billion pounds , according to Reuters data , and an increase of 30 percent on the 944 million pounds made in 2015-16 .
Tesco said UK sales at stores open over a year rose 0.7 percent in the 13 weeks to Feb. 25 , its fiscal fourth quarter - a fifth straight quarter of underlying growth .
`` We are confident that we can build on this strong performance in the year ahead , '' said Chief Executive Dave Lewis . ( Reporting by James Davey , Editing by Paul Sandle )
FRANKFURT Talks about uniting the rail operations of Germany 's Siemens ( SIEGn.DE ) and Canada 's Bombardier ( BBDb.TO ) are being complicated by the desire of both companies to keep control of a merged business , two people close to the matter said on Wednesday .
Antitrust issues and political considerations could also ultimately make a deal to create a company with combined sales of $ 16 billion hard to pull off , industry experts said .
The two groups are talking about a joint venture that could compete better with Chinese state-backed market leader CRRC ( 601766.SS ) , which is expanding aggressively abroad and would still be twice their combined size by revenue .
`` It could go fast , it could be very drawn-out or it could fail . It 's completely open , '' one of the people said .
The three main rivals to CRRC -- Bombardier , Siemens and France 's Alstom ( ALSO.PA ) -- have talked to each other about combining their businesses in various arrangements over the past years .
A Bombardier-Siemens combination could run into anti-trust issues as it did last time it surfaced , with significant overlap particularly in Germany .
`` On a country-by-country basis the deal looks difficult to pull off in Europe , and that 's why it has not happened over the past 20 years , '' a person familiar with the industry said .
In a global context the arrival of CRRC has however changed the shape of the industry and Europe should be interested in creating a strong competitor to the emerging Chinese challenge , the person said .
However , antitrust experts doubt that watchdogs will give the deal a green light without imposing conditions that could make it unviable .
`` Besides Alstom no real competitor would remain in Europe as long as the Chinese have n't arrived , '' said Dario Struwe , antitrust lawyer at law firm FPS .
JOBS FEAR
Any transaction also runs the risk of resistance from trade unions .
One of the sources told Reuters that German unions were expected to support the deal as long as Siemens was in control . The two businesses , which span rolling stock to signalling , have significant overlap in Europe , especially in Germany .
German trade union IG Metall declined to comment on the matter .
But given the Bombardier founding family 's influence on the company - they control the company through a dual class share structure - it is highly doubtful that Bombardier would agree to relinquish control to Siemens .
One of the sources also said that the German chancellery was involved in the situation , without giving details . Another complication is that Canadian pension fund giant Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec owns 30 percent of Bombardier 's train business .
A German government spokesperson declined to comment .
For Alstom , a deal might not be all bad .
`` ( Alstom ) will have a higher chance of gaining share given that the other two companies would need to address anti-trust concerns first and then integrate the two operations which likely is a cumbersome process , particularly the integration of the various platforms which could lead to market share losses , '' analysts at JP Morgan said in a note to clients .
SIMILAR IN SIZE
Bombardier has had problems in the past executing on its contracts , including issues in Canada and Australia . It claims it has fixed the source of these problems .
Siemens ' transportation business used to be notorious for similar risks -- with product flaws in trams and more recently repeated delays in supplying high-speed ICE trains to state-owned German national rail operator Deutsche Bahn .
Since Joe Kaeser took over as chief executive in 2013 the company has worked to resolve these issues and appears to have put them behind it for the time being .
The two transportation businesses are roughly comparable in terms of revenue and profitability .
Bombardier Transportation has set targets of generating about $ 8.5 billion in revenues and an EBIT margin of about 7.5 percent in 2017 , up from $ 8 billion and an EBIT margin of under 6.5 percent in 2016 .
Siemens Mobility made revenue of 7.82 billion euros ( $ 8.3 billion ) and increased its operating profit by 15 percent to 678 million euros last fiscal year , giving it a profit margin of 8.7 percent . Its target profit margin range is 6-9 percent .
`` Such a merger would create the clear number-two player in the rail sector , with a global leading network of clients and installed equipment and service opportunities , '' analysts at brokerage Kepler said .
( Additional reporting by Arno Schuetze , Jens Hack and Allison Lambert ; Editing by Keith Weir )
The Bank of England is seen in the City of London , Britain , February 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannah McKay
The Bank of England said on Thursday it will develop a sharia-compliant liquidity tool for use by Islamic banks , underscoring efforts to attract business from the industry 's core centres in the Middle East and South East Asia .
London has long sought to position itself as a global hub for Islamic finance , going as far as issuing a sovereign Islamic bond in 2014 , and tools to support its Islamic banking sector could help weather the economic impact of leaving the European Union .
The central bank has issued a consultation paper on a fund-based deposit model for the facility , which would help Islamic lenders meet regulatory requirements for liquid asset buffers .
Islamic finance follows religious principles such as bans on gambling and outright speculation , with interest-bearing products deemed off-limits .
This means Islamic banks can find it difficult to access the money markets , and in particular , the interest-based liquidity tools offered by central banks .
The BoE said the facility is unlikely to be ready before the spring of 2018 , while it has yet to decide on whether it will develop a liquidity insurance facility .
However , the proposed tool would be a welcome development for Britain 's Islamic banks .
These include Gatehouse Bank , the Bank of London and the Middle East BLME.DI , Qatari-owned Al Rayan Bank and a unit of Qatar Islamic Bank QISB.QA .
The pricing of the proposed model would be comparable with conventional tools , making it attractive for Islamic banks , the BoE said in its consultation paper .
The central bank said feedback from a previous consultation paper found preference for a model using an agency contract known as 'wakala ' .
Respondents advised the central bank that another proposed model based on commodity 'murabaha ' , a cost-plus-profit arrangement , could pose reputational risks because opinions on its sharia-compliance can vary .
Stakeholders have until May 23 to give their views , after which the Bank of England would begin work on the facility , including a set of standardised terms and contractual documentation .
( Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
May 3 Bookrunner :
* Turkcell : Bookrunner says price guidance for bookbuild at tl 11.42 - tl 11.45
* Turkcell : Bookrunner says books are covered throughout this range
* Turkcell : Bookrunner says books will close at 6:45pm ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
* China coal imports up 12.2 pct in March at 22.09 mln T
* First-quarter coal imports at 64.71 mln T , up 34 pct ( Adds new details on North Korean imports )
BEIJING , April 13 China did not import coal from North Korea in March , customs data showed , as it bids to comply with United Nations ' sanctions against Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programmes .
The data issued on Thursday did not give monthly imports by country , but China 's customs office gave a separate first-quarter volume for North Korea at 2.678 million tonnes , which is the same as its shipments for January-February .
In a news briefing , the General Administration of Customs said China has not imported North Korean coal since Beijing issued a ban on the imports on Feb. 18 .
More than 2 million tonnes of North Korean coal did not clear customs before the import ban went into effect and are stranded at ports , two trading sources told Reuters this week .
`` It will be up to the trading companies to deal with the cargos that have been shipped to China but did not arrive before the ban , '' said Huang Songping , a spokesperson for customs .
Reuters reported on Monday that China ordered trading companies to return coal shipments received from North Korea after the ban was implemented .
Coal imports from North Korea in the first quarter - without the March shipments - were half of what they were a year ago .
China 's total coal imports in March rose 12.2 percent from the same month last year , the customs data showed , reflecting strong consumption from power stations .
The year-on-year increase suggests a sustained appetite in China for lower-priced foreign coal amid a prolonged domestic coal price rally , which has been triggered by the government 's curbs on smog and overcapacity .
`` The year-on-year increase in monthly coal imports is quite high and quite unexpected , '' said Zhang Xiaojin , a coal analyst with Everbright Futures . `` Demand for imported coal remains strong in April , but shipments could trend lower due to the Australian cyclone . ''
The monthly imports , at 22.09 million tonnes , were up 24.9 percent from February , the data showed .
Coal imports for the first quarter totalled 64.71 million tonnes , up 34 percent from the same period a year ago . ( Reporting by Meng Meng and Beijing Monitoring Desk ; Editing by Chrsitian Schmollinger and Tom Hogue )
( Rewrites with comment on strategy , share performance )
By Guillermo Parra-Bernal
São Paulo May 3 Brazil 's No . 1 bank Itaú Unibanco Holding SA will monitor problematic loans among large corporate borrowers , a sign of caution as an unprecedented credit downturn magnifies a deep recession and the impact of a broad corruption scandal .
To protect Itaú 's 34 billion reais ( $ 10.8 billion ) in outstanding real estate and infrastructure loans , the bank will negotiate longer repayment terms with borrowers on a case-to-case basis , investor relations head Marcelo Kopel said on Wednesday .
For borrowers facing a rising debt burden and depleting cash , Itaú could demand they accelerate asset divestitures , Kopel said . Credit risk for infrastructure firms rose last quarter , driving Itaú 's 15 day-to-90 day default ratio to a nine-month high .
`` It 's about gauging operational and financial feasibility of companies in sectors facing a rough ride , '' Kopel said during a call to discuss first-quarter results .
Itaú 's strategy coincides with Brazilian banks trying to curb the heavy loan-loss provisioning that caused their profits to fall last year for the first time since 2009 . Problems among homebuilders and engineering firms are gaining steam as the recession and a corruption scandal in construction company Odebrecht cut off access to fresh capital .
Rising defaults among Itaú 's biggest borrowers prevented it from cutting loan-loan provisions as much as analysts expected last quarter . Preferred shares fell the most in two weeks as the pace of reduction in the indicator disappointed investors .
Still , lower provisions allowed Itaú to exceed first-quarter profit estimates . Recurring net income , a measure of profit excluding one-time items , hit a record 6.176 billion reais , above an average consensus estimate of 6.010 billion reais .
`` Given the environment , Itaú 's results were definitely good , '' said Eduardo Rosman , an analyst with Banco BTG Pactual .
Return on equity reached 22 percent , the highest level in five quarters and beating a 20.7 percent estimate . Expense controls bolstered profitability , even as management raised the ratio of available capital reserves for bad loans to 231 percent and provisions fell less than expectations .
The 90-day default ratio was flat at 3.4 percent . Provisions fell 7 percent to 5.392 billion reais , the lowest in almost three years . Analysts expected 4.543 billion reais in provisions .
Non-interest expenses fell the most in a year and above estimates . The decline underscored the success of a four-year efficiency drive led by former bank president Roberto Setubal , who retired this week after 23 years at the helm .
Both Setubal and their successor Candido Bracher stuck with this year 's operational targets .
Interest and fee income surprisingly fell in the wake of fewer calendar days , declining borrowing costs and tepid demand for loans and financial services in Brazil .
( $ 1 = 3.1448 reais ) ( Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by W Simon , Bernard Orr , Grant McCool )
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a meeting on an integrated development of the Arctic at a military base in Alexandra Land in remote Arctic islands of Franz Josef Land , Russia March 29 , 2017 . Picture taken March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
ARKHANGELSK , Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that their country had many friends in the United States and that its troubled relations with Washington would get back on track at some point .
Putin denied that Russia had interfered in last year 's U.S. presidential election and said contacts that Russian diplomats had made in the United States were merely part of their routine work .
Allegations to the contrary were `` lies '' and `` provocations , '' they said .
( Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva ; Writing by Maria Tsvetkova ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
Theresa May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster .
The Prime Minister had repeatedly denied that they would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020 .
In full : Theresa May 's Downing Street statement
But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street they said they would go to the country this year .
Speaking outside Number 10 , the Prime Minister said the Cabinet had agreed to call an early election .
The move takes place against the backdrop of the country 's decision to leave the European Union in last year 's referendum .
Justifying the decision , Mrs May said : `` The country is coming together but Westminster is not . ''
They said the `` division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit '' .
Explaining their change of heart on an early election , Mrs May said : `` I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election . ''
Mrs May said they were acting now because of the opposition in Parliament to the Government 's plans for Brexit .
`` Our opponents believe because the Government 's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change . They are wrong , '' they said .
`` They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country , b ecause what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the Government 's negotiating position in Europe . ''
Without a snap general election , Mrs May said `` political game-playing '' in Westminster would continue and lead to negotiations with the EU reaching their `` most difficult stage '' in the run-up to the previously scheduled 2020 vote .
`` Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit , and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country , '' they said .
`` So we need a general election and we need one now .
`` Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done , while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin . ''
This is a breaking news story . More to follow .
April 12 Delta Air Lines Inc
* Says yields and demand remain strong as it heads into peak summer
* Says peak business demand also continues to be solid and the outlook remains strong
* Says remain on track to keep its full year CASM-Ex growth in 2-3 pct range
* Says continue to expect margins to expand in 2H compared to prior year on a normalized basis
* Says expects 2017 margins to be roughly 150 basis points below 2016 levels , with contraction to have already taken place in Q1
* Says comfortable with capacity available in the industry today
* Says optimistic about travel for the rest of 2017 ; energy and banking and finance are a couple of standouts sectors that are positive this year
* Says to retire remaining Boeing 747s in service through the year , and replace them with Airbus A350s
* Says to retire its oldest Boeing 767 aircraft starting this summer , and replace them with more efficient Airbus A330s ; says three 767 aircraft will retier this year
* Says continues to see excess capacity in the industry in the wide-body market ; says could anticipate some reductions in wide-body orders over next several years Further company coverage :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham man is among five members of a crime gang who has been found guilty of involvement in one of the Midlands ' biggest ever class A drugs seizures .
The haul was worth more than a staggering £10 million - and is thought to be Leicestershire 's biggest ever .
Talib Hussain , of Bordesley Green , Birmingham , was found guilty of conspiracy to import cocaine and heroin and conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin .
The 59-year-old and other members of the organised gang , based in Leicester , imported the drugs hidden in purpose-made secret compartments of furniture , children 's clothes and industrial bolts to an interior design store in the city , which was used as a cover .
Their plan to flood the city , county , East Midlands and beyond with cocaine and heroin was foiled by the police who uncovered their sophisticated international drug smuggling operation , reports the Leicester Mercury .
The drugs racket was thwarted by the East Midlands Special Operations Unit ( EMSOU ) , with the National Crime Agency and law enforcement agencies in the Netherlands , Pakistan and in France .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Their investigation was launched in September 2016 after the Metropolitan Police uncovered a batch of the bolts .
Following examination , it was found that they had been drilled hollow , and heroin was found to be hidden inside , David Herbert QC , prosecuting , told the jury , during a 10 week trial at Leicester Crown Court .
One of the gang , Ayaz Hussain , pleaded guilty , during the trial , to conspiracy to supply cocaine .
A second , Paulvinder Randhawa , admitted conspiring to supply heroin at the start of the trial .
Five others charged with conspiracy to import and supply continued to deny involvement .
Today the jury found them guilty of their roles .
They will be sentenced on Monday 26 March at Leicester Crown Court .
Remanding them into custody , following the verdicts , Judge Nicholas Dean QC said : “ Each of you know you 're going to go to prison .
“ It 's just a question of how long . ”
Verdicts in £10m drug smuggling trial • Jagdish Patel ( 51 ) , of The Firs , Syston , - found guilty of conspiracy to import cocaine and heroin and conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin . • Talib Hussain ( 59 ) , of Bordesley Green , Birmingham - found guilty of conspiracy to import cocaine and heroin and conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin . • Ravindra Modha ( 55 ) , of Sandiacre Drive , Thurmaston – found guilty of conspiracy to import cocaine . • Paulvinder Randhawa ( 47 ) , of Marsh Way , Wembley - pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin at the start of the trial . • Ayaz Hussain ( 28 ) , of Fryant Way , Wembley - pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cocaine during the trial . At the same trial , Suresh Pattani ( 69 ) , of Colby Drive , Thurmaston , Leicester , was found not guilty of conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin . Chandrakant Chavda ( 60 ) , of Oakland Avenue , Leicester , was acquitted of conspiracy to supply cocaine . Paulvinder Randhawa was found not guilty of conspiracy to supply cocaine .
The defendants , who have been convicted of the offences , were involved in arranging , managing and overseeing the importation of drugs as well as their distribution within the UK to be sold on the streets .
The network organised the importation of 60kg of cocaine , with a street value of £9.6m , as well as 1kg of heroin with a street value of £316,000 .
A further shipment of cocaine and heroin , organised by the group , was seized in France , while a shipment of heroin , destined for the UK , was seized in Pakistan .
The illegal activities undertaken by the group were overseen by Patel and Talib Hussain .
The pair made multiple trips to the Netherlands and Pakistan to organise the importation of the drugs , with the help of Modha .
Randhawa took packages of heroin to London , while Ayaz Hussain was involved in moving packages of cocaine to London , where they were to be sold on .
Detective Inspector Harry Rai was EMSOU 's Senior Investigating Officer in the case , said after the verdicts : “ The group had a clear structure , with each individual undertaking specific roles . They were well-practiced , and used encrypted devices with which to communicate .
“ Patel and Talib Hussain , with the support of Modha , were drug traffickers of a serious calibre .
“ They were well connected in their trade to import a regular supply of drugs from Pakistan and the Netherlands .
“ They devised a plan to conceal the drugs in chairs , bolts and children 's clothes to try and make it seem like the deliveries being brought to Leicester were part of their everyday business .
“ But despite their very careful planning , and the use of encrypted devices , investigative work carried out over a number of months led us to uncovering 62kg of cocaine and heroin with a total value of around £10m , which was destined for the streets of Leicester , Leicestershire and beyond . ''
Det Insp Rai also said : “ This was the biggest haul known in Leicestershire , and one of the biggest drugs supplies ever uncovered by East Midlands Special Operations Unit .
“ In my 22 years in policing and 14 years being part of serious and organised crime investigations , I have n't come across anything on this scale .
“ Patel and Talib Hussain in particular were not small-time dealers .
“ They were interested in dealing on a large scale and their operations had been going on for some years .
“ We have prevented a large amount of drugs from reaching the UK 's streets and causing misery to countless numbers of people . ”
MILAN , April 28 Italy 's Luxottica posted a 1.9 percent rise in first-quarter sales at constant currencies , with growth in Europe and Latin America largely offset by weak consumer spending in the United States , the company 's biggest market .
The world 's largest eyewear group and maker of Ray Ban sunglasses said first-quarter sales totalled 2.384 billion euros , compared with an average Thomson Reuters analyst forecast of 2.37 billion euros ( $ 2.6 billion ) .
Luxottica , which in January agreed a merger with the world 's top lens producer Essilor to create an eyewear powerhouse with 16 billion euros in revenue , targets a low-to-mid single-digit growth in sales at constant currencies this year .
Including the impact of currency moves , first-quarter sales rose 5.2 percent , helped by the group 's expanding retail network .
Retail sales grew 3.3 percent at constant currencies in January-March to 1.426 billion euros , while wholesale revenue was flat .
The company said like-for-like sales were negative over the period , without providing a figure .
Luxottica 's revenues have suffered in recent quarters as the group introduced a new policy aimed at curbing online discounts of its biggest brand Ray Ban and cut ties with several independent distributors in China .
Luxottica 's soft start to the year compares with a 7 percent rise in first-quarter revenue Essilor reported earlier this week net of currency moves .
The Italian company said the rise in revenues was in line with expectations , and margins had also improved over the first quarter . It added the second quarter had seen a positive start , allowing the group to confirm its outlook for the year .
Luxottica and Essilor expect to complete their merger process by the end of the year after receiving a green light from various antitrust authorities . ( $ 1 = 0.9189 euros ) ( Reporting by Silvia Aloisi and Valentina Za ; editing by Francesca Landini )
VIENNA An Austrian man suspected of war crimes in the conflict between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine was arrested in Poland on Sunday , Austrian prosecutors said .
The 25-year old is accused of `` having killed soldiers involved in fighting at the Donetsk airport who had already surrendered and/or of having killed civilians '' , said a spokesperson for the prosecutor 's office in Wiener Neustadt in the northeastern province of Lower Austria .
Russia annexed Crimea in March 2014 , and fighting broke out in eastern Ukraine the following month between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian government forces , a conflict in which close to 10,000 people have been killed .
A European arrest warrant was issued a few weeks ago for the suspect , who supposedly fought on the Ukrainian side against the pro-Moscow separatists , the spokesperson said .
They were arrested at a border crossing to Ukraine close to the Polish town of Dorohusk by Polish border police on Friday evening , Lieutenant Dariusz Sienicki , a spokesperson for the Polish border service said .
`` At present ( the suspect ) remains at the disposal of the Polish judiciary , '' Sienicki said . `` The person is awaiting proceedings relating to extradition to Austria . ''
( Reporting by Kirsti Knolle in Vienna ; Additional reporting in Warsaw by Lidia Kelly ; Editing by Ros Russell )
Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu had on Monday rejected the impeachment notice given by opposition parties led by the Congress against CJI Dipak Misra , saying it lacked substantial merit and the allegations were neither `` tenable nor admissible '' .
In a Facebook post , Jaitley said an impeachment motion has to be filed in the rarest of rare cases where a `` gross misconduct '' has been indulged in by a delinquent judge during their tenure .
There has to be strong and hard evidence to substantiate this , they said , adding that hearsay and rumours are not a substitute for evidence .
`` The present impeachment motion has been filed on untenable grounds . It has been filed for collateral purpose to intimidate the Chief Justice of India and other judges of the highest judiciary , '' said , Jaitley who is also the leader of the Rajya Sabha .
In the post , 'Why the Malafide Impeachment Motion was bound to fail ? ' , they said the Congress party is capable of dragging the judges into an unsavoury controversy and make them controversial `` should their judicial opinion not appear favourable in the cases in which the Party has an interest '' .
`` To any political analyst it was clear that the impeachment motion would never get support of two-third majority in both Houses of Parliament . The Congress Party knew this . Its object was not the passage of the Motion but intimidation of India 's judiciary , '' Jaitley said .
Referring to the indication given by the Congress that it would now challenge the order of the Rajya Sabha Chairman in the Supreme Court , the senior BJP leader said Parliament is supreme in its own jurisdiction and its process can not be subjected to judicial review .
Jaitley noted that a very large number of eminent lawyers are now Members of Parliament and most political parties have given nominations to some of them since their value , both in court and Parliamentary debates , is significant .
`` The incidental impact of this has been a growing tendency of lawyer Members to drag intra court disputes into the parliamentary process .
`` The misconceived motion for the impeachment of the Chief Justice of India is just one example of this , '' said Jaitley , who themselves is an eminent lawyer . For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook , Twitter , Google+ and for news updates download our News App . - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
NEW DELHI : Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday that the rejected Congress-led impeachment motion against CJI was filed on untenable grounds to intimidate the Chief Justice of India and other judges of the highest judiciary .
Chief executive officer of Barclays , Jes Staley , takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York , U.S. , February 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
FILE PHOTO : A Barclays bank office is seen at Canary Wharf in London , Britain May 19 , 2015 . REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
LONDON British bank Barclays ( BARC.L ) has reprimanded Chief Executive Jes Staley and will cut their bonus heavily after they tried to uncover the identity of an internal company whistleblower in a case being investigated on both sides of the Atlantic .
In a statement on Monday , Britain 's second biggest bank disclosed that British authorities were investigating American Staley 's attempts to find out who wrote a letter that revealed `` concerns of a personal nature '' about an unnamed senior employee .
New York 's Department of Financial Services is also investigating , a person familiar with the matter said .
A legal investigation ordered by the bank found that Staley 's efforts involved a U.S. law enforcement agency and contradicted the company 's own policy . Barclays grants whistleblowers anonymity to prevent any retribution for their actions - in keeping with normal UK practice .
`` I have apologized to the Barclays board , and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part , '' former JPMorgan banker Staley said in a statement .
Barclays said its board would back Staley 's reappointment at the company 's annual shareholder meeting on May 10 .
Analysts said that Staley 's position as CEO could come under pressure if regulators ' reports on the case , expected to take a matter of months , were especially critical of their conduct .
Staley , who took the role in Dec. 2015 , stands to lose a chunk of the 1.3 million pound ( $ 1.6 million ) bonus they were awarded this year , but the final amount to be docked is yet to be decided , a separate source said .
Staley said in a memo to Barclays staff on Monday that they had been attempting to protect a colleague from an unfair personal attack .
`` In my desire to protect our colleague , however , I got too personally involved in this matter , '' Staley wrote in the memo seen by Reuters .
The investigations are the latest in a series of regulatory problems for the bank , which is still dealing with investigations into employees ' manipulation of Libor benchmark interest rates .
The whistleblower probe is particularly embarrassing for Barclays since it relates to recent wrongdoing rather than being a legacy of financial crisis-era misconduct , and because Staley themselves has made much of the bank 's efforts to clean up its act .
`` I am personally very disappointed and apologetic that this situation has occurred , particularly as we strive to operate to the highest possible ethical standards , '' Barclays Chairman John McFarlane said in the company 's statement .
Barclays shares fell as much as 0.7 percent on Monday but were trading 0.65 percent higher by 1340 GMT .
'HONEST MISTAKE '
Barclays ' board first heard of Staley 's attempt to identify the author of the letter in early 2017 , after the issue was raised by an employee , Barclays said .
The board instructed law firm Simmons & Simmons to carry out an investigation led by Gerry Grimstone , the bank 's deputy chairperson , and also notified the regulators .
`` The investigation ... found , and the board has concluded , that Mr Staley honestly , but mistakenly , believed that it was permissible to identify the author of the letter , '' the bank said .
The lawyers ' report also said that Staley had requested the bank 's internal security team contact U.S. enforcement officers to help identify the whistleblower , and that such assistance was received albeit without discovering the identity of the person .
The board will issue a formal written reprimand to Staley and make a `` very significant '' adjustment to their variable compensation award .
The board will also look into the position of other employees involved in the incident .
Staley , 60 , has embarked on a sweeping revamp of the lender 's strategy since taking over Barclays , slashing its business in Asia and Africa in favor of a new 'transatlantic ' focus on the U.S. and Britain .
A career investment banker who spent 34 years at JPMorgan , Staley is popular among staff in Barclays ' investment bank for bringing back some of its risk-taking swagger after the hairshirt regime of predecessor Antony Jenkins .
The attempts to uncover the whistleblower took place despite the bank 's appointment of a 'whistleblower champion ' - Mike Ashley , the chairperson of its Board Audit Committee .
In 2016 , Ashley emailed all Barclays employees with a video spelling out the bank 's policy on protecting whistleblowers , according to the lender 's annual report .
( Additional reporting by Karen Freifeld in New York ; Editing by John O'Donnell/Keith Weir )
A Michigan teen faces charges after they allegedly made up a “ horrific ” story about being kidnapped from the mall .
Alexis Marie Bradish , 19 , was charged with false report of a felony when authorities could n't corroborate the kidnapping claims , according to a Friday report on MLive.com .
“ The allegation they made is the worst nightmare – a horrific allegation , ” Muskegon County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Timothy Maat told the site .
Bradish reportedly told a friend , who contacted police , that they were leaving from Lakes Mall on Dec. 3 when a man grabbed them and threw them into a pickup truck .
They told investigators they were taken to an E & A grocery store where they were able to escape from the truck .
However , none of the surveillance footage from nearby E & A locations backed up their allegations , according to police .
“ After receiving the information about the alleged kidnapping , Fruitport police conducted a thorough investigation that included interviewing numerous witnesses and reviewing surveillance footage from area businesses , ” Maat said .
If convicted , Bradish could serve up to seven years in prison .
BERLIN , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Holders Borussia Dortmund and champions Bayern Munich eased into the second round of the German Cup on Saturday as the Bundesliga heavyweights finetuned preparations for the start of their league season next week .
With referee Bibiana Steinhaus making a dress rehearsal ahead of becoming the first female referee in the Bundesliga , Bayern , without Manuel Neuer , Jerome Boateng and Thiago Alcantara , crushed third division club Chemnitz 5-0 , with Robert Lewandowski netting twice .
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored a hat-trick as Dortmund , who missed half a dozen starters , barely broke sweat in their 4-0 stroll past amateurs Rielasingen-Arlen .
There were no upsets in the first batch of matches on Saturday as fellow Bundesliga clubs Mainz 05 , Cologne , Eintracht Frankfurt and Freiburg also advanced with wins over lower-ranked opponents , as had Borussia Moenchengladbach and Bayer Leverkusen on Friday . ( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
March 31Wangfujing Group Co Ltd :
* Says it signed cooperate agreement with a Henan-based e-commerce firm and Beijing-based media firm on convenient store business
* It will invest 20 million yuan to set up a Beijing-based trading JV with the two partners
* The JV will be capitalized at 50 million yuan and the company will hold 40 percent stake in the JV after transaction
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/X9E1yD
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
São Paulo , March 30 BM & FBovespa SA shareholders will vote next month on whether to rename the Brazilian bourse to `` B3 SA Brasil , Bolsa , Balcão '' following its takeover of rival clearinghouse Cetip SA Mercados Organizados .
In a securities filing late on Wednesday , BM & FBovespa convened ordinary and extraordinary shareholder meetings for April 28 to decide on the name change as well as the number of members on its board , how they are elected and other matters .
BM & FBovespa proposed on Wednesday to expand its board to 14 members from 11 .
After repeated attempts by BM & FBovespa to buy Cetip , Latin America 's largest securities clearinghouse , the companies agreed to a deal in April .
The takeover received regulatory approval last week , granting BM & FBovespa almost full control of Brazil 's market for registration and custody of local fixed-income instruments and over-the-counter derivatives .
The transaction has created the largest market structure player in Latin America , with stakes in Mexican , Colombian , Peruvian and Chilean counterparts . ( Reporting by Paula Laier and Bruno Federowski ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
May 3 Nisource Inc
* Nisource has established an `` at -- market '' equity offering program in which it may sell shares of its stock having total gross sales price of up to $ 500 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses their supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum in the Black Sea city of Rize , Turkey , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ANKARA President Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday called on Turkish voters in Europe to defy the `` grandchildren of Nazism '' and back a referendum this month on changing the constitution , comments likely to cause further ire in Europe .
Erdoğan has repeatedly lashed out at European countries , including Germany and the Netherlands , in campaigning for the referendum , accusing them of `` Nazi-like '' tactics for banning their ministers from speaking to rallies of Turkish voters abroad .
Both the Germans and Dutch have been incensed by the comparisons to Nazism and German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the references must stop .
`` With this determination , we will never allow three or four European fascists ... from harming this country 's honour and pride , '' Erdoğan told a packed crowd of flag-waving supporters in the Black Sea city of Rize , where their family comes from .
`` I call on my brothers and sisters voting in Europe ... give the appropriate answer to those imposing this fascist oppression and the grandchildren of Nazism . ''
Erdoğan is counting on the support of expatriates in Europe , including the 1.4 million Turks eligible to vote in Germany , to pass constitutional changes that would give them sweeping presidential powers .
But ties with Europe have deteriorated in the run-up to the campaign . Erdoğan last month said Turkey would reevaluate its relationship with the bloc , and may even hold a second referendum on whether to continue accession talks .
On Monday , they said they could take the issue of whether Turkey should restore the death penalty to referendum if necessary .
`` The European Union will not like this . But I do n't care what Hans , George or Helga say , I care what Hasan , Ahmet , Mehmet , Ayse and Fatma say . I care what God says ... If necessary , we will take this issue to another referendum as well , '' they told the rally .
Turkey abandoned capital punishment more than a decade ago as part of its bid to join the European Union , but Erdoğan has repeatedly told crowds calling for it following the July 15 failed coup that they would approve its restoration if parliament passed it .
Restoring capital punishment would all but end Turkey 's bid to join the EU , officials from the bloc have said .
( Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tuvan Gumrukcu ; Writing by David Dolan ; Editing by Humeyra Pamuk )
( The writer is a Reuters contributor . The opinions expressed are their own . )
By Chris Taylor
NEW YORK , April 3Honesty time : What is your most embarrassing drunk purchase ? When Reuters canvassed social media on this very question recently , we got some cringeworthy responses .
A wrist tattoo of a shooting star . $ 400 worth of orange Agent Provocateur lingerie . 14 separate Snuggies , in blue . A lava lamps . Bright pink jeans .
Perhaps most horrifically , a copy of the Nicolas Cage stinkbomb movie , `` Left Behind '' ( rated 2 percent on Rotten Tomatoes ) .
You get the picture .
A third of Americans admit to having shopped while under the influence , according to a new survey by the financial comparison website Finder.com . Among those who regularly drink alcohol , that figure rises to almost half .
The damage was not minimal , either . The average price tag of those drunk shopping sprees was a whopping $ 206 .
`` What is interesting is that people are not just buying something small , like a pizza slice or a pack of cigarettes , '' says Michelle Hutchison , Finder.com 's money expert . `` These are significant things people are buying . ''
The most common spending while under the influence ? Clothes and shoes , bought by 39 percent of drunk shoppers . That is tied with gambling , also at 39 percent , followed closely by cigarettes at 38 percent .
And who exactly is doing the drunk shopping ? Millennials , apparently , 39 percent of whom cop to the practice . They are followed by Gen X at 36 percent , and then by more restrained baby boomers , at 18 percent .
Retailers know all too well that drinking and spending money do not play nicely together , at least for the spender . You may have noticed an increasing number of `` Sip and Shop '' special events ; bars being installed at high-end retailers and shopping malls ; and extended shopping hours around high-alcohol holidays like Thanksgiving .
`` The folks who are out with me on Black Friday in the stores at 5 a.m. are not ladies who had gotten up at 4:30 and headed out , but rather , people who have been up all night - and usually drinking , '' says Kathryn Hauer , a financial planner in Aiken , South Carolina .
So , what 's the overarching reason why drunk shopping has become so prevalent these days ? Online retailing . If you do not have to drive anywhere , or lug any huge boxes , but just have to click a few buttons or even one button , hey presto , you have a veritable army of tipsy shoppers .
Here are some pointers , then , on how you can build up your defenses against a litany of regrettable , booze-soaked purchases :
* Leave the credit cards at home .
Stick to cash for a night out , and a predetermined budget , and you automatically limit any potential damage . Even better , leave your credit cards with a roommate or partner , who can serve as another line of defense against overspending .
* Delete shopping apps .
The era of `` 1-click '' shopping makes spending binges just too tempting . So delete your Amazon app from your phone - not forever , just for the course of your boozy night out . Re-install it the next day when you are nursing that hangover and are less likely to splurge .
* Tie your own hands .
If you really distrust your own ability to resist drunk shopping , consider deploying tech tools to help you out . The `` Freedom '' app , or the Chrome extension called `` StayFocusd , '' can help block or limit your own access to tempting websites - either altogether , or during certain timeframes .
* Know your return policies .
If you only shop at retailers that have relatively liberal return policies , you can save yourself a lot of future grief . Even if you do get refunded , though , remember that you may have to cover fees for shipping or restocking .
`` One of my clients goes shopping every Black Friday after a few Bloody Marys with their partner , '' says Atlanta financial planner Niv Persaud . `` They have a blast . Then , over the weekend , they return a lot of items . '' ( Editing by Beth Pinsker and Bernadette Baum )
UK to step up support for start-ups , infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
TRIPOLI , April 10 Libya 's dinar has slid to record lows on the parallel market , traders said on Monday , as scarcity of foreign currency drove the price of a dollar up to 8.3 dinars .
The dinar has steadily weakened on the flourishing informal market as a U.N.-backed government that arrived in Tripoli a year ago has failed to stabilise the country politically or economically .
Oil production , which is the only significant generator of dollar revenue and national income , has recovered somewhat , but not sufficiently to offset high rates of spending on state salaries and subsidies .
For most of last year $ 1 cost 4-6 dinars on the parallel market . The official exchange rate is 1.4 dinars to the dollar , which the central bank in Tripoli has maintained despite some economists and politicians urging it to devalue . ( Reporting by Ahmed Elumami ; Writing by Aidan Lewis ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
JERUSALEM Israeli troops shot dead a 19-year-old man on Tuesday who ran at them with a knife at a Jerusalem area checkpoint often used by Palestinians , later discovering they had apparently wanted to kill himself .
Police initially said the attacker was Palestinian , but then identified them as a Jewish man from Jerusalem .
`` The security officers felt immediate danger on their lives and took measures to ... neutralise him , '' said a police spokesperson .
They confirmed media reports that , while investigating the background to the incident , it became apparent to police that the man had been trying to commit suicide .
Israeli forces have been on high alert -- especially at such crossings around Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank -- since a wave of Palestinian street attacks began in October 2015 . The frequency of the attacks has slowed but not stopped .
Israel blames the violence on incitement by the Palestinian leadership .
Palestinians have accused Israel of using excessive force and say some of those killed posed no threat or had no intention of attacking anyone .
Palestinian leaders say assailants have acted out of desperation over the collapse of peace talks in 2014 and Israeli settlement expansion in occupied territory that Palestinians seek for an independent state , with East Jerusalem as its capital .
( Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch ; editing by John Stonestreet )
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30 , 2017 of about $ 20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 6 Haichang Ocean Park Holdings Ltd
* Co through units entered into strategic cooperation agreements with Shanghai Hirain Digital Technology Co and Dalian Betop Culture Technology Co
* Agreement in relation to cooperation with two companies in creative production of marine culture-themed ip , and research and development , and upgrade of equipment in theme parks Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share ( before tax ) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Centre Ben Te ‘ o will play their first England test for almost a year and their first rugby of any sort for more than three months after overcoming an ankle injury to be included in the team named by Eddie Jones to face Italy in Rome on Sunday .
After featuring for the British and Irish Lions in New Zealand last summer , the hard-running Te ‘ o played only a handful of games for their club Worcester before suffering the injury in October that required the insertion of a plate .
After extensive rehabilitation they have clearly done enough in the England camp to impress Jones , and is preferred for the Six Nations opener to usual outside centre Jonathan Joseph to partner Owen Farrell on Sunday , winning their ninth England cap but making only their second start .
In the absence of injured duo Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes , Sam Simmonds wins a fourth cap at number eight , with Chris Robshaw and Courtney Lawes either side of them in the back row .
“ He is a good young kid , they do the simple things well , they run hard , tackles hard , works hard , ” Jones said of the 23-year-old Simmonds , whom three months ago they described as too small to be an international number eight .
“ He is a humble boy , he 's really fitted into the team well and their enthusiasm for ball carrying is going to be important on Sunday . ”
Mike Brown retains the fullback jersey , with Anthony Watson and Jonny May on the wings . With Joe Marler suspended and Ellis Genge , Matt Mullan and Beno Obano all injured , uncapped prop Alec Hepburn is named among the replacements .
Jones has always admired the hole-punching ability of rugby league convert Te ‘ o but the New Zealand-born , part-Samoan 31-year-old has had to work overtime to get back into test-match shape after such a long lay-off .
As evidence of their commitment they spent a lot of their own money to fund a six-week rehabilitation course in Brisbane , which included the extensive use of a cryotherapy ice machine .
“ He 's a very experienced player , they know their body , ” Jones said on Thursday .
” He went to Australia with trusted physios and has come back in super nick and is definitely ready to play a significant part of the game .
“ He 's got a big match demeanour , they do n't get too excited or too disappointed and gets on with the next play . ”
Te ‘ o 's only previous England start was also against Italy last year when they had something of a scare at Twickenham when they struggled to deal with the Italians ' surprise “ no ruck ” tactics before coming from behind at halftime to emerge 36-15 winners .
That took their tally to 23 wins from 23 games against Italy , averaging 40 points a game .
England will expect to make it 24 on Sunday in the first step in their bid to become the first team to win the Five/Six Nations championship outright three years in a row .
Team:15 Mike Brown ( Harlequins 64 caps ) 14 Anthony Watson ( Bath Rugby 28 caps ) 13 Ben Te ‘ o ( Worcester Warriors 8 caps ) 12 Owen Farrell ( Saracens 53 caps ) 11 Jonny May ( Leicester Tigers 29 caps ) 10 George Ford ( Leicester Tigers 40 caps ) 9 Ben Youngs ( Leicester Tigers 73 caps ) 1 Mako Vunipola ( Saracens 44 caps ) 2 Dylan Hartley ( Northampton Saints 89 caps ) 3 Dan Cole ( Leicester Tigers 77 caps ) 4 Joe Launchbury ( Wasps 47 caps ) 5 Maro Itoje ( Saracens 14 caps ) 6 Courtney Lawes ( Northampton Saints 61 caps ) 7 Chris Robshaw ( Harlequins 59 caps ) 8 Sam Simmonds ( Exeter Chiefs 3 caps )
Replacements16 Jamie George ( Saracens 20 caps ) 17 Alec Hepburn ( Exeter Chiefs uncapped ) 18 Harry Williams ( Exeter Chiefs 5 caps ) 19 George Kruis ( Saracens 21 caps ) 20 Sam Underhill ( Bath Rugby 3 caps ) 21 Danny Care ( Harlequins 76 caps ) 22 Jonathan Joseph ( Bath Rugby 35 caps ) 23 Jack Nowell ( Exeter Chiefs 23 caps )
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING , June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group , Bloomberg reported on Thursday , a day after the insurer said its chairperson had stepped aside , amid reports they had been detained .
May 3 At least three people were killed when a car smashed through a crowded auto auction in Billerica , Massachusetts , on Wednesday , local media reported , and police said the incident was not related to terrorism .
The deadly crash at the Lynnway Auto Auction occurred when a Jeep Cherokee being shifted by an employee inside the building barreled into a crowd of buyers after 10 a.m. ( 1400 GMT ) witnesses told Boston 's independent WHDH-TV .
The Massachusetts State Police said on Twitter that there were `` fatalities among the multiple victims '' but gave no details .
`` At this point , there is no evidence or information to suggest the incident was caused by an intentional or terrorist act , '' the police statement said .
In the past year , people inspired by Islamist militants have used vehicles to kill or injure civilians in Ohio , the French city of Nice , Berlin , London and Stockholm .
ABC affiliate WCVB-TV and WHDH said three people were killed and more than a dozen hurt . Police and fire spokespersons in Billerica , a Boston suburb , could not be reached for comment .
Television aerial footage showed the Jeep smashed through the concrete wall of the auction building , where about 1,500 people had gathered for the sale .
Woody Tuttle , an auto auction employee , told WCVB that people were standing inside the building between lanes of cars when the Jeep sped up .
`` I heard a screeching of tires , and , I believe , a Jeep Cherokee went flying by me . In avoiding the cars , whoever was driving this vehicle hit several people , '' Tuttle said .
WHDH quoted police as saying the driver was a man in their mid-70s who may have mistaken the brake and accelerator pedals .
Lynnway 's website bills the company as the largest auto auction in New England . A company Facebook posting just before the crash showed a photo of vehicles and said that cars were `` lined up and ready for a beautiful Wednesday morning . '' ( Reporting by Ian Simpson ; editing by Grant McCool )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
April 5 Zayo Group Holdings Inc :
* Zayo Group , Llc announces proposed senior notes offering
* Zayo Group Holdings Inc - subsidiary intends to offer $ 500 million of its 5.750 pct senior notes due 2027 through an add-on to its existing issue Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
WILMINGTON , Del . ( Reuters ) - The steep drop in the stock price of Wynn Resorts Ltd ( WYNN.O ) following a report that chairperson Steve Wynn subjected female staff to unwanted sexual advances offers an illustration of how such allegations may now be “ material ” information that public companies need to disclose .
The # MeToo movement has sparked a wave of harassment and abuse allegations leveled against dozens of powerful men in recent months .
In the past , companies generally did not need to disclose such claims , which under U.S. securities law the companies would have to evaluate based on the profit impact from any settlement payments , according to legal experts .
But in the current environment , lawyers say companies must consider factors including reputational harm , litigation risk , and the potential disruption if a key executive is forced out .
“ A settlement involving a CEO would cross the threshold now if it did n't a few years ago , ” said Brian Quinn , a professor at the Boston College Law School .
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Wynn personally paid $ 7.5 million to settle sexual assault allegations by a former manicurist . The newspaper also said the tycoon routinely subjected employees to unwanted sexual advances .
The company 's stock has fallen around 15 percent since the report was published . Several law firms specializing in securities class actions have said they were exploring possible lawsuits .
Wynn Resorts did not respond to a request for comment .
Reuters has not independently verified the allegations . Wynn , the billionaire founder , chairperson and chief executive officer of Wynn Resorts , has called the claims “ preposterous. ” The company set up a special committee to investigate .
The report prompted investigations by gaming regulators in Nevada , where the company has its flagship U.S. resort , the Wynn Las Vegas . Authorities in Massachusetts , where a new Wynn casino is planned , this week expressed concern about whether Wynn would meet a “ suitability ” requirement for a gaming license .
On Thursday , shares in retailer Guess Inc fell over 17 percent after a # MeToo tweet by model Kate Upton , who accused co-founder Paul Marciano of using their power to harass women . Marciano denies misconduct .
‘ MATERIAL EVENTS '
U.S. public companies are required to report ‘ material events , ' such as mergers or major product recalls , that can impact the share price .
The rules are subjective and something that would be considered material to a $ 100 million company might not be for a $ 100 billion multinational .
Even if Wynn Resorts , rather than Wynn himself , had paid out a $ 7.5 million settlement , the amount would likely be considered immaterial for a company with $ 6.3 billion in revenue in 2017 , according to legal experts .
Corporate lawyer Steven Shapiro was former general counsel at a publicly traded company they declined to identify when it paid a small confidential settlement to resolve misconduct allegations . Today , Shapiro said they would give more consideration to disclosure in a similar situation , though they would still be cautious .
“ Sometimes disclosure can be more misleading , ” they said . “ Shareholders might think the problem is more widespread than it is . That 's not fair to investors . ”
Allegations of sexual misconduct can be particularly tricky because they involve the interests of shareholders , who may want information public , and the rights of those who want privacy , including the accuser , the accused executive and theirs or their family .
Disclosure can also open a company to liability if it describes an incident as isolated , and it later emerges there was problem of serial abuses , legal experts said .
Many companies that uncover credible misconduct claims will opt now to force out an accused executive quickly , lawyers said , but that may not solve the problem when the person , like Wynn , is highly identified with the brand and remains a major shareholder .
Tax return preparer Liberty Tax Inc ( TAX.O ) encountered such a situation when it fired CEO John Hewitt without explanation in September , although they remained a controlling shareholder and chairperson .
In the following months , according to press reports and a resignation letter from a company director , Hewitt had sex in their office and lavished company funds on women with whom they were involved . The auditor soon quit , the stock has tumbled and Nasdaq has warned it could delist the company after Hewitt stacked the board with allies .
The company and a lawyer for Hewitt did not respond to requests for comment .
Allen Nelson , former general counsel of Crawford & Co ( CRDb.N ) , which manages insurance claims , said harassment settlements , regardless of size , raise material questions about leadership and corporate culture .
“ I think people in the boardroom should be having that discussion now , ” said Nelson .
May 2 Sterling Construction Company Inc
* Sterling Construction Company , Inc. Reports 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 revenue $ 153.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 134 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $ 850 million to $ 880 million
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.09
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.10 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sterling Construction Company Inc - Now anticipate our 2017 revenues to be between $ 850 million and $ 880 million
* Sterling Construction Company Inc - Total backlog at March 31 , 2017 of $ 925 million was up 12.4 % from Q4 of 2016
* Sterling Construction Company- `` Believe that our core heavy civil construction operations are well positioned to perform with consistent profitability '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
Crystal Palace will need to hold their nerve in the face of their intimidating run-in if they want to escape relegation from the Premier League this season , manager Sam Allardyce said on Thursday .
Palace , whose four-game winning streak ended in a 3-1 defeat by Southampton on Wednesday , are 16th in the table , three points above third-bottom Swansea City , over whom they have a game in hand .
With five of Palace 's eight remaining games against teams in the current top six , Allardyce said their side had the toughest run of fixtures and that their recent winning streak had kept their hopes of staying up alive .
`` Who can hold their nerve usually decides staying up . You 're into single figure games , the bell starts ringing . Time to stand up , '' Allardyce told a news conference .
`` It 's not 'arguably ' we 've got the hardest run-in , we 'have ' got the hardest run-in . If we had n't done what we 've done ( win four games in a row ) , we 'd be dead and buried now . This is tough , particularly mentally . Pressure builds . ''
An untimely injury crisis has compounded Allardyce 's problems , with at least seven players out of Monday 's home match against Arsenal and midfielder James McArthur also a doubt with a back problem .
Palace have three games in six days at the end of the month and Allardyce is desperate for their injured players , including Patrick van Aanholt , James Tomkins , Pape Souare , Yohan Cabaye , Connor Wickham , Loic Remy and Fraizer Campbell , to recover .
`` It 's going to be tough that week for us . Six days , three games . I need those injury boys fit for that week , '' added the 62-year-old , who has never been relegated from England 's top flight .
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
The logo of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) is pictured outside its headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany , December 8 , 2016 . REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
LONDON Investors are no longer expecting a rate rise from the European Central Bank by March 2018 , money market pricing suggests , marking a sharp reversal in expectations for higher interest rates from just a month ago .
ECB policymakers ' comments playing down the scope for near-term changes to monetary policy , along with falling inflation expectations , explain the reassessment .
Money market rates tell the tale . Forward Eonia bank-to-bank rates -- the best gauge -- dated for the ECB meeting on March 8 next year stand at around minus 0.34 percent , two basis points above the Eonia spot rate of minus 0.36 percent ECBWATCH .
Such a gap indicates markets are pricing in just a 20 percent chance of a 10 basis point hike in the ECB 's minus 0.40 percent deposit rate by next March .
That 's a sharp contrast to last month , when investors ratcheted up rate-hike expectations after the ECB at its March 9 meeting signalled a diminishing urgency for more policy action . Soon after , some policymakers even raised the prospect of raising rates before quantitative easing ends .
As a result , markets moved swiftly in March to fully price in a rate hike in the first quarter of 2018 and as much as an 80 percent chance of a rate rise in December , when the ECB 's asset-purchased scheme is scheduled to end .
Now , markets have also unwound expectations for a rate rise by year-end with Eonia forward rates dated for the December 14 meeting indicating a less than 20 percent chance of a move .
`` The market has pretty much priced out everything , '' said Peter Schaffrik , head of European rates strategy at RBC Capital Markets . `` It is a combination of the rhetoric , which has played a crucial role , but also falling inflation expectations . ''
Prospects for the euro zone economy have improved but the time to withdraw support has not yet come , three ECB rate setters said on Wednesday , days before a tense French presidential election and the ECB 's own policy meeting .
INFLATION BLIP
Data meanwhile has shown inflation in the euro zone has slowed from four-year highs of 2 percent hit in February .
A long-term gauge of euro zone inflation expectations tracked by the ECB , the five-year , five-year breakeven forward , has fallen in recent weeks to stand at around 1.60 percent EUIL5YF5Y=R -- below the ECB 's near-2 percent target .
Disappointing U.S. economic data and signs that the Trump administration will struggle to push through tax cuts have also quelled expectations of faster inflation in the United States .
That has had a dampening impact on rate-hike expectations in the euro zone as well , analysts said .
The money market curve has flattened and two-year Eonia money market swap rates EUREON2Y= , also viewed as an indicator of ECB monetary policy , have fallen .
In the United States , the Federal Reserve hiked rates on March 15 after a string of hawkish comments from officials triggered a rapid turnaround in market expectations for a move then .
The fact that in recent weeks rate expectations in Europe and the United States have swung around rapidly highlights market sensitivity as central banks move towards normalising ultra-easy monetary policies put in place after the financial crisis as economic growth improves .
`` Markets are quite sensitive now that we are running towards the end of ( asset-purchasing ) , '' said ING rates strategist Benjamin Schroeder .
( Graphic by Nigel Stephenson Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
Norway 's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO , June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent , the Norwegian Home Builders ' Association ( NHBA ) said on Thursday .
LONDON The European Medicines Agency has had expressions of interest to host the London-based regulator from 21 of the 27 countries that will form the European Union once Britain leaves , revealing rivalry from Amsterdam to Zagreb for a prized institution .
The European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) , Europe 's equivalent of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , is preparing to leave its London headquarters in the wake of Brexit and its executive director is hoping for a quick decision on its new location .
The agency is responsible for the smooth-running of the EU drug approval process , which is vital for companies , as well as overseeing the safety of medicines once they reach the market .
With nearly 900 skilled staff , an annual budget of 322 million euros ( $ 340 million ) and luring 36,000 experts a year to its meetings , the EMA is the largest EU institution in Britain and an attractive prospect for multiple cities .
Its new location will be determined by EU heads of state , meeting as the European Council , leaving plenty of scope for haggling .
The other significant EU body in London is the European Banking Authority , with 160 staff , which is also set to relocate .
The EMA told Reuters that representatives of governments and/or cities from the following countries had been in touch in to declare their interest in hosting the agency :
Austria
Belgium
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Malta
Netherlands
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
The EMA said it did not know if all those that had expressed interest would go on to submit a formal bid .
One notable name missing from the list is Poland , which had been tipped as being among countries keen to host the regulator . An agency spokesperson said Polish officials had not been in touch to declare an interest .
( Reporting by Ben Hirschler ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Lebanon 's President Michel Aoun attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Yemen 's President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Emir of Kuwait Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Bahrain 's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Jordan 's King Abdullah II greets Sudan 's President Omar Al Bashir ( R ) during the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ( seated ) attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Iraq 's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Saudi Arabia 's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
( From LtoR ) United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres , African Union Commission Chairman Moussa Faki Mahamat , European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and Secretary General of Organization of Islamic Cooperation Yousef bin Ahmad Al-Othaimeen attend the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Jordan 's King Abdullah II speaks during the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
Arab leaders and head of delegations attend the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
( front R-L ) Yemen 's President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , Djibouti 's President Ismail Omar Guelleh , Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani , Emir of Kuwait Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah , Jordan 's King Abdullah II , Saudi Arabia 's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud , Bahrain 's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa , Sudan 's President Omar Al Bashir , Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , and Mauritania 's President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz pose for a group photograph during the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea , Jordan March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
DEAD SEA , Jordan/AMMAN After weeks of heightened unease over the stance of the United States under the new administration of President Donald Trump , Arab leaders reaffirmed on Wednesday their commitment to a two-state solution to the decades-long Arab-Israeli conflict .
They called for a new round of peace talks based on a two-state solution and renewed a 2002 offer of `` reconciliation '' if Israel quit occupied Arab land and agreed a deal on Palestinian refugees , according to a statement read out after a summit .
Trump rattled Arab and European leaders in February by indicating they were open to a one-state solution , upending a position taken by successive administrations and the international community .
Trump later told Reuters in an interview they liked the concept of a two-state solution but stopped short of reasserting a U.S. commitment to eventual Palestinian statehood , saying they would be `` satisfied with whatever makes both parties happy '' .
Arab leaders attending a one-day summit beside the Dead Sea did not publicly refer to Trump or their ambiguous statements , but were keen to stress their own continued backing for an independent Palestinian state and also strongly criticised the persistent building of Jewish settlements on occupied territory .
The summit 's host , King Abdullah of Jordan , said the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel remained the basis of any comprehensive Arab-Israeli peace deal .
`` Israel is continuing to expand settlements and wreck chances of peace ... There is no peace or stability in the region without a just and comprehensive solution to the Palestinian cause through a two-state solution , '' they said .
ISRAEL CRITICISED
The conference venue is only a few km ( miles ) from the occupied West Bank where Israeli settlements are clearly visible .
This week , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said they were committed to working with Trump to advance peace efforts with the Palestinians , but they also stopped short of reiterating a commitment to a two-state solution .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas criticised Israeli policy in their speech at Wednesday 's summit .
`` The Israeli government has since 2009 worked on wrecking the two-state solution by accelerating the tempo of settlements and the confiscation of land , '' Abbas told the leaders .
Trump 's Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt met Abbas before Wednesday 's summit , the second such meeting in two weeks . Trump has also invited Abbas to the White House .
`` ( Greenblatt ) had a lot of queries and we are answering them to complete the picture in their minds and speaking as Arabs in one language , '' Abbas said .
They had told Greenblatt that Palestinians remained as firm as ever in their demand for an independent state , they said .
The Palestinians and Arabs want Arab East Jerusalem - which Israel captured in a 1967 war and later annexed in a move not recognised internationally - as the capital of a future state encompassing the Israeli-occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
King Abdullah , whose dynasty has custodianship over Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem , said any unilateral Israeli move to change the status quo in the Dome of the Rock and the Aqsa mosque would have `` catastrophic '' consequences for the future of the region , inflaming Muslim sentiment .
U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres also endorsed a two-state solution , telling summit participants this was the `` only path to ensure that Palestinians and Israelis can realise their national aspirations and live in peace , security and dignity '' .
( Writing by Suleiman Al-Khalidi ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Afghan National Army ( ANA ) soldiers keep watch at the gate of an army headquarters a day after an attack in Mazar-i-Sharif , northern Afghanistan April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Anil Usyan
Still image taken from a video released by the U.S. Department of Defense on April 14 , 2017 shows the moment the 'mother of all bombs ' struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan , bordering Pakistan where U.S. officials said a network of tunnels and caves was being used by militants linked to Islamic State . DVIDS/Handout via Reuters TV
Burn trees are seen the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Coffins containing the bodies of Afghan national Army ( ANA ) soldiers killed in April 21 's attack on an army headquarters are lined up in Mazar-i-Sharif , northern Afghanistan April 22 , 2017 . Presidential Palace /Handout via REUTERS
KABUL Eight days after the U.S. military dropped its largest ever conventional bomb on suspected Islamic State fighters in eastern Afghanistan , Taliban militants breached an army base in the north of the country and killed scores of local soldiers .
To Afghan and other critics of President Donald Trump 's apparent indecision over how to win a seemingly intractable war , Friday 's assault - the illest of its kind since the Taliban were ousted in 2001 - was evidence they were getting it wrong .
`` The biggest threat to the security and stability of this country is the Taliban insurgents , not Daesh forces , '' said Mirwais Yasini , an influential Afghan member of parliament from Nangarhar province , using an Arabic term for Islamic State .
`` You drop your biggest bomb on Daesh , but what about the Taliban who kill dozens of our people every day ? ''
The American military command in Kabul did not respond to a request for comment , but in the wake of the base attack the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , General John Nicholson , promised to `` continue to stand '' with Afghan security forces .
Nearly 9,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan , some 7,000 of them to train and assist local forces that Washington has spent billions of dollars to build virtually from scratch in the hope of one day handing over control completely .
While the advisers are seldom involved in direct combat with the Taliban or other militants , a smaller counter-terrorism unit of about 1,500 soldiers does engage insurgents , but its main targets are pockets of al Qaeda and Islamic State fighters .
They are estimated to number in their hundreds , while the Taliban number thousands or tens of thousands and have gained swathes of territory in the last few years .
Islamic State has claimed several deadly bombings in Afghanistan and neighbouring Pakistan , but many experts believe the Taliban are the fundamental threat to the U.S.-backed government of President Ashraf Ghani .
Leaders in Washington and Kabul often had `` almost diametrically '' opposed views of the threat , said Christopher Kolenda , a former U.S. Army officer who served in Afghanistan and worked on American strategies for the conflict .
U.S. officials tended to focus on international groups like Islamic State and al Qaeda , while Afghan officials see Pakistan , and the Taliban as an extension of that , as the major threat , they added .
`` With those differences , you ca n't possibly have a coherent strategy . ''
In the final years of former U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration , American troops in Afghanistan were discouraged from directly targeting the Taliban , amid hopes the group could be brought to the negotiating table for peace talks .
`` The Obama administration was very much existing in a parallel universe where if you do n't call the Taliban terrorists then there 's a chance you can reconcile with them , '' said Ioannis Koskinas , senior fellow with think-tank New America .
UNCERTAIN STRATEGY
Despite a surge of tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers that ended in 2012 , some Afghan officials became impatient with what they saw as an American fixation on withdrawal , and since then , a lack of focus on ending the war .
They say the lack of attention has continued in the first months of the new Trump administration , which has yet to appoint an ambassador to Kabul and some of the supporting officials at the State Department .
`` It 's very hard to have a coordinated policy and strategy when you do n't have positions filled , '' Kolenda said . `` From the Trump administration standpoint , Afghanistan is pretty far down the list of priorities . ''
In Kabul , some Afghan leaders are angry at what they see as a failure by the Americans to act as strongly as possible against the Taliban , as well as Pakistan , which they accuse of harbouring and supporting insurgents as a hedge against Indian influence in the region .
Pakistan denies this and instead says it is itself a victim of terrorism , including from groups operating from within Afghanistan .
`` The Taliban are the single biggest challenge in the country , but unfortunately since the regime 's collapse , the United States and the Afghan government have not had a clear strategy to eliminate them or push them to negotiation , '' said Mohammad Farhad Sediqi , a member of parliament from Kabul .
`` As you dropped the 'Mother of All Bombs ' on Daesh , there should be one dropped on the Taliban sanctuaries and training grounds on the other side of the border in Pakistan . ''
Some statements by incoming U.S. officials have hinted they may take a harder line on Pakistan , but the Trump administration has yet to outline clearly new strategies for the region .
LOST TERRITORY
Analysts say the recent U.S.-endorsed strategy of focusing on protecting major cities and other population centres in Afghanistan while consolidating forces will not be enough to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table .
With Afghan army units pulling back , and in some cases forced to abandon more scattered and rural bases , the government could only claim to control or influence 57 percent of the country , according to U.S. military estimates late last year .
Resurgent Taliban forces , meanwhile , control or contest 43 percent of the country , a 15 percent increase over the year before .
`` In what universe does that not matter ? '' Koskinas said . `` Territory means resources for them . You 're giving away all the smuggling routes and opium and all the things that are enriching the Taliban and fuelling the insurgency . ''
Retaking territory lost to the Taliban will be key to turning the tide , Koskinas said .
`` At this point we almost do n't need to talk about safe havens in Pakistan , because they have safe havens in Afghanistan . ''
( Writing by Josh Smith ; Editing by Mike Collett-White )
FILE PHOTO : An employee walks at the Brazilian meatpacker JBS SA after a Brazil 's Federal Police operation in Brasilia , Brazil March 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino/File photo
FILE PHOTO : Cattle walk on a tract of Amazon rainforest that has been cleared by loggers and farmers near the city of Novo Progresso , Para State , Brazil , July 2 , 2013 . REUTERS/Nacho Doce/File photo
( This March 31 story corrects profession of Torres to social scientist in paragraph 13 )
By Anthony Boadle
BRASILIA The world 's largest meatpacker , Brazil 's JBS SA , has for years knowingly bought cattle that were raised on illegally deforested land , turning a blind eye to regulations meant to protect the Amazon rainforest , Brazil 's environmental regulator has alleged .
The accusation comes even as JBS and other meatpackers in Brazil , the top global exporter of beef , are reeling from a corruption scandal . Police allege bribery of health inspectors to overlook unsanitary conditions and forgo inspections . JBS has denied wrongdoing and sought to assure consumers that its products meet rigorous quality standards .
Earlier this month , the environmental agency , IBAMA , ordered the suspension of two JBS meat packing plants and 13 others in southwest Pará state for buying cattle raised on pastures cleared by slashing and burning the forest . It fined the company 24 million reais ( $ 7.7 million ) .
JBS denied purchasing livestock from ranchers on land blacklisted by IBAMA and won an injunction from a federal judge allowing its plants to continue buying cattle . The agency is appealing the ruling .
Brazilian authorities have long said cattle ranching is responsible for more destruction of the Amazon than any other activity . The world 's largest rainforest is considered one of the best natural defenses against global warming .
JBS is the only major Brazilian meatpacker involved in both the inspection scandal and the rainforest protection probe . IBAMA said no other big meatpackers are targeted in its Amazon operation .
IBAMA said JBS bought 49,438 illegal cattle between 2013 and 2016 , half of those directly from embargoed pastures and the remainder by three-way `` laundering '' transactions to disguise the source .
`` They knew what they were doing , '' said Hindemberg Cruz , IBAMA 's executive manager in Marabá , a badly deforested area of Pará . `` We confirmed this was happening in 2013 and it continues to happen in 2016 . '' Cruz spoke to Reuters by phone from Marabá this week .
In its latest operation , IBAMA said 84 percent of the animals detected as coming from deforested lands were bought by JBS .
In an emailed statement , JBS said it had no way of knowing where cattle were raised when supplied by a legal rancher who may have bought the herd from an embargoed ranch .
Emails exchanged in 2014 between deforestation researchers and a JBS executive , reviewed by Reuters , showed the company knew such cattle purchases were a problem for the industry despite a self-policing commitment JBS and other firms made in 2009 .
In the exchange with JBS director of sustainability Marcio Nappo , researcher Daniela Alarcon asked if the company was aware it was buying cattle raised on blacklisted land but later moved to clean pastures . The problem , Nappo replied , `` is structural and goes beyond the ability of one single company to resolve . ''
Mauricio Torres , a social scientist who works on land conflicts in the Amazon , said the emails showed JBS took advantage of the `` laundering '' of herds , which has become a common practice in the Amazon .
JBS said in an email sent to Reuters this week that any supplier found not to comply with JBS 's strict standards was blocked and became ineligible to sell livestock to the company .
`` JBS does not currently purchase and has not purchased any animals from the suppliers on the list of areas embargoed by IBAMA , '' it said .
The company said it did not have access to the government 's system for tracking animals , and called for more readily available information on blacklisted deforested areas .
Cruz , however , said this information was easily accessible on the internet .
Brazil adopted self-policing measures following a spike in deforestation , when Greenpeace threatened to name meatpackers who bought cattle grazing on razed rainforest .
Publicly traded companies like JBS in 2009 began using the same satellite data the government utilizes to track rainforest clearings , which should allow them to see if a ranch shows signs of recent deforestation .
The measure helped bring about a drastic decrease in beef originating from deforested land . However , Amazon deforestation is rebounding from a record low in 2012 .
IBAMA 's Cruz said the onus should be on the meat companies to check their livestock sources properly with modern technology available today and crosscheck with satellite imagery publicly posted on the agency 's website .
`` They should be asking more questions , '' Cruz said .
( Additional reporting by Lunae Parracho in Santarem and Paulo Prada in Rio de Janeiro ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
May 2 Genmark Diagnostics Inc
* Genmark Diagnostics reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue $ 12.5 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 12.5 million
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.30
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $ 65 million to $ 70 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Genmark Diagnostics Inc - For full year 2017 , company continues to expect revenue in range of $ 65 to $ 70 million and gross margin in range of 48-52 % . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Shell Midstream Partners LP :
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP ANNOUNCES SALE OF $ 980 MILLION OF COMMON UNITS
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS - EXPECTS TO USE NET PROCEEDS FROM PUBLIC OFFERING , PRIVATE PLACEMENT TO REPAY AMOUNTS OUTSTANDING UNDER CREDIT FACILITIES
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS - PRICED PUBLIC OFFERING OF 25 MILLION UNITS FOR TOTAL PROCEEDS OF $ 680 MILLION BEFORE DEDUCTING UNDERWRITING COMMISSIONS & EXPENSES
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP - ‍IN ADDITION , CO CONCURRENTLY AGREED TO SELL 11,029,412 COMMON UNITS TO SHELL MIDSTREAM LP HOLDINGS LLC​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON , March 30 European shares struggled for direction in early deals on Thursday as investors mulled implications of Britain formally beginning the process of leaving the European Union the day before .
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was flat in percentage terms , with regional indexes trading flat to slightly higher .
The reaction to Britain formally triggering the Brexit process on Wednesday was fairly muted from European shares , with the FTSE 100 index also ending higher as sterling weakened . The FTSE 100 traded 0.1 percent higher on Thursday .
As Britain embarked on a path of tough negotiations , all eyes turned to the government 's White Paper , in which it will set out plans to convert European Union laws into domestic legislation .
A rise in oil stocks lent support , with the sector gaining 0.7 percent as crude prices ticked higher .
Broker upgrades also helped the top gainers , with Ashtead up 2.8 percent after Liberum began their coverage of the stock with a `` buy '' rating , and shares in Dixons Carphone were also boosted after Barclays began with an `` overweight '' rating .
UK grocer Morrison 's also rose 2.1 percent , while retailer H & M gained 1.3 percent after posting a smaller than expected fall in pretax profit for its fiscal first quarter and said that it would launch a new separate brand in the second half of the year .
Autos were the biggest sectoral faller , down 1.2 percent and led lower by a fall in Daimler 's shares , which traded without entitlement to its latest dividend payout . ( Reporting by Kit Rees ; Editing by Alison Williams )
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
LONDON Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal pay a Premier League visit to North London neighbours Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday for the 50th meeting between the sides during their managerial reign .
Arsenal have won 18 , drawn 21 and lost 10 of the previous 49 derbies and will be eager to dent Mauricio Pochettino 's hopes of snatching the title from leaders Chelsea .
Here is what the fans have to say about their two clubs :
Tottenham : Mike Leigh , Spurs Show podcast , Playback Media : `` Form goes out of the window in North London derbies . Both teams are desperate for three points for different reasons and both teams will want to scupper the other 's ambitions . In saying that , tactically I can see Arsenal setting up the way they did against Man City in the FA Cup semi final - playing deep and playing on the counter .
`` Arsene Wenger tried playing with three at the back against Leicester so whether they try it again , time will tell . Both managers will know the battle is in midfield . I think whoever wins that should win the game .
`` As far as the title race is concerned , no one except the most crazed Spurs fans honestly expects Chelsea to lose and draw two of their remaining games . Most fans are delighted to see further improvements from last year 's great season .
`` I think Spurs will win 2-1 this weekend . It will be tight and not the drubbing a lot of their fans are predicting ...
`` With the Auld Firm derby aside , the North London derby is the biggest in British football - even bigger than the Manchester derby . The opposing fans really hate each other and in previous years the atmosphere has been poisonous . ''
Arsenal : Akhil Vyas , Arsenal Supporters Trust : '' The FA Cup win last weekend is huge for Arsenal 's confidence and a welcome reminder that we can compete against big teams . The wins against Middlesbrough and Leicester either side also help build the confidence – a new formation and three wins in a row .
`` I wish I could say we were in the race for the title but ... this game is about reminding everyone we are a good side , getting back into the top four , building confidence before that cup final – and of course , it 's about making sure Spurs do not win the title .
`` My heart says Arsenal will scrap and secure a 2-1 win but my head says it will be 1-1 . Our new defensive shape may help us keep them at bay .
`` It 's a strange feeling knowing that for the first time in over twenty years Spurs will finish above Arsenal - but it had to happen one day ...
`` Arsene Wenger 's future still remains the subject of much debate . Even though The FA Cup semi final was a nice moment and I think the supporters enjoyed seeing Wenger celebrate in the way that they did , but overall I do n't think that has changed anything for anyone . The majority of fans still think it 's time for a change and a victory at Wembley could be a perfect way to go out . ''
( clairelouisebloomfield @ hotmail.com ; editing by John Stonestreet )
May 3 MetLife Inc , the largest U.S. life insurer , reported a 62.6 percent fall in quarterly profit , hurt by derivative losses .
The company 's net profit fell to $ 820 million , or 75 cents per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 2.20 billion , or $ 1.98 per share , a year earlier .
The insurer recorded $ 602 million in net derivative losses in the quarter , reflecting changes in equity markets and interest rates . In the year-ago quarter , the company recorded derivative gains of $ 868 million .
MetLife 's operating income , which excludes investment and derivative gains or losses , rose to $ 1.41 per share from $ 1.20 per share .
The insurer uses its derivatives program to hedge against risks such as volatile currency exchange rates , equities markets and interest rate changes .
Operating income benefited in part by net investment income , which rose 14 percent to $ 5.20 billion .
Insurers have benefited from higher interest rates , which were last raised in December and March - a 0.25 percentage point uptick in each case . The U.S. Federal Reserve has indicated more interest rate hikes this year .
MetLife 's operating costs came in at $ 14.91 billion , barely changed from a year ago .
Through its cost-cutting plan , MetLife aims to save a gross $ 1 billion a year , partly through job cuts .
The company , which has been streamlining its businesses in response to a strict regulatory environment , plans to spin off its U.S. retail business , Brighthouse Financial , this year .
Total operating revenue rose 1.6 percent to $ 16.88 billion . ( Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
ZURICH , April 3 The IOC said it had not detected any significant abuse of clenbuterol after finding `` very low levels '' of the banned substance during re-testing of samples from the Beijing Olympics .
The International Olympic Commmittee 's comments on Monday came one day after German broadcaster ARD reported that traces of the banned substance were found in samples provided by members of the Jamaican sprint team at the games in 2008 .
Jamaica won 10 medals in the sprint events led by Usain Bolt , who took gold in the men 's 100 and 200 metres .
In a statement , the IOC said that `` very low levels of clenbuterol '' were found in the cases of athletes from a number of countries and different sports . It said the athletes were innocent and could not give any more details .
Without mentioning Jamaica or the ARD allegations , the IOC said that all values were `` in the range of potential meat contamination cases '' .
It said it `` carefully deliberated '' whether or not to proceed with the cases and consulted the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) .
According to the IOC , WADA said that it could not find `` any significant and consistent pattern of abuse of clenbuterol in these cases and that it would be appropriate not to take these cases any further '' .
The IOC stores samples for a decade to test with newer methods or for new substances . It ordered re-tests of samples from Beijing in the run-up to last year 's Rio Olympics to try and root out drug cheats .
Clenbuterol is a performance-enhancing substance that is sometimes found in weight-loss pills and is on the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) banned list .
In 2011 , more than 100 players tested positive for clenbuterol during the under-17 soccer world championship held in Mexico . They were also acquitted of any wrongdoing after FIFA , soccer 's governing body , said they were victims of a health problem in the country .
However , double Tour de France champion Alberto Contador of Spain was handed a two-year ban for testing positive for clenbuterol during the 2010 race , despite maintaining that they had eaten contaminated meat .
Jamaica were stripped of an eleventh Beijing sprinting medal , the 4 X 100 metres gold , in January when Nesta Carter was found in re-tests of their sample to have taken the banned stimulant methylhexaneamine .
The whole team lost their medals as a result , including Bolt .
( Writing by Brian Homewood ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
The proper care for today 's wetsuits has become important because they cost more and do not seem to last as long as the older suits . My 53-year wetsuit history began in 1963 with a gift from my brother that instantly made winter surfing a reality .
“ Too old to be cold ” has long been my motto as an open ocean swimmer . Full disclosure : I work for a surf shop as their phone line surf reporter which means super deals on wetsuits . My wetsuits are worth far more than any Armani suit to me . They keep me warm in 50-degree water .
See Also
In December 2014 , I was given a chance to buy a salespersons 's sample $ 490 O'Neill Psycho One Z.E.N . Zip 3.5/2.5 mm suit for less than wholesale . I am eccentric not crazy . Crazy would mean I would swim in a 50 degree ocean in February without a wetsuit . Eccentric means , at least , I use a good wetsuit !
In August of 2015 , based on my love of the Psycho One ZEN , I decided to add the $ 479 O'Neill model with a built-in hood as the crown jewel to my collection with a hoped-for 10-year lifespan . My cost again was less than wholesale . I figured I would sweat in 55-degree water .
Both suits are the most comfortable I have worn . I have owned suits from eight companies . Most have lasted at least five years . One O'Neill “ Farmer John ” lasted about 10 years .
My first hooded suit was a delicious Body Glove in 1990 . I was in heaven . The suit was amazingly warm in even 50-degree water . I tried the O'Neill version when I began doing the surf report for Sunrise Surf Shop about 10 years ago . It 's heavenly comfort lasted five years .
While researching a column about wetsuits , Sandy Forsyth , founder of Aqua East Surf Shop shared a “ secret ” about the suits in the mid-'90s . They said that the suits were sacrificing durability in favor of more stretchy suits .
Many surfers want the stretch and flex that older neoprene lacked which was warm , but confining . It 's winter ! Stay warm and sacrifice some flexibility for a longer-lasting , warmer suit . Apparently , that is a minority opinion . I love the feeling of being in a warm womb wetsuit .
My newest and most expensive suits show signs of wear and have already begun to deteriorate much sooner than their cost should warrant . Their warranty is for one year only .
The 3.5/2.5mm Zen Zip suit has internal seams that are cracked . My “ ultimate ” hooded suit is the easiest one to put on and take off I 've ever had , but it is not as warm as expected . Even the thinner Zen Zip suit seems warmer .
My $ 145 , circa 2012 , hooded Hyperflex 5/4/3mm Voodoo bought new from The Sierra Trading Post is warmer and sturdier than the $ 479 O'Neill ! The retail price was once $ 389 . I liked it so much I bought a second a few months later when the price dropped and the shipping was free !
Care is critical for wetsuits . They must be rinsed in fresh water and hung out to dry after every use . I also use a pure silicone spray lube on my family . A wide armed hanger helps keep the suit from stress while drying .
I use Dap Marine silicone sealer to coat those cracked inside seams on my Zen Zip with a thin layer of protection . The suit must be quite dry and allow 24 hours for it to cure .
There may be a better , radical way to enliven older suits . A 16-ounce can of Flex Seal liquid rubber is $ 15 . It has reinforced a 2 mm panel on an older suit and re-sealed the seams of my hooded suit collection .
Use a cheap paint brush to apply the thick liquid rubber well into a very dry suit while it is lying flat . Let it dry for 24 hours . It sticks best to the nylon side and may work loose from the neoprene itself . The can will last all winter for re-touch purposes . Traditional wetsuit cement is $ 20 for just four ounces .
Hang suits in the shade to dry . Spray with silicone spray like Liquid Wrench at $ 5 for 11 ounces . Make sure the spray does not say “ penetrates ” on the label like WD-40 . That type will damage rubber .
With your help , that expensive new “ light , ” “ flexible , ” “ quick drying ” suit should last as long as the outrageous price suggests !
NEW YORK , April 28 Puerto Rico 's financial oversight board on Friday approved a fiscal plan for the struggling U.S. territory 's Government Development Bank , which would wind down the bank 's operations over 10 years .
The GDB , which had served as the island 's primary fiscal agent , has been a shell entity since April 2016 , when Puerto Rico 's former governor declared a state of emergency at the bank . The bank defaulted on $ 422 million of debt the following month . ( Reporting by Nick Brown ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli ) )
A view of the construction site of the Lower Sesan II hydropower dam in Stung Treng province . The dam is scheduled to start generating power by the end of this year . Photo supplied
Relocation land not cleared
Over 1,000 hectares of agricultural land granted as compensation to more than 300 ethnic Lao families displaced from Sre Kor village in Stung Treng province by the Lower Sesan II dam project have not been cleared for cultivation , threatening the families with a food shortage , the villagers say .
Between January and March , ethnic Lao villagers began relocating from Sre Kor village to new homes 3 kilometres away . In addition to a sum of around $ 6,000 and a plot of land to live on , the Hydropower Lower Sesan II Co Ltd offered each family that agreed to relocate 5 hectares of land for farming , which it pledged to clear and plough in advance .
However , former Sre Kor Commune Chief Siek Mekong yesterday said that much of the land has yet to be prepared .
“ It influences their livelihood since they consume only their natural rice , not the rice from the market , ” Mekong said .
According to Mekong , of the 1,500 hectares given to the families , only 450 hectares have been ploughed , primarily by villagers who can afford to hire other farmers with tractors , who charge between 150,000 riels ( $ 37 ) to 200,000 riels ( $ 50 ) per hectare .
“ [ The villagers ] have sacrificed their old location for the nation , ” they said . “ Provincial authorities should urge the company to plough for the people . ”
Read more : Dam to bring power , pain
Stung Treng Provincial Deputy Governor Duong Pov said the company will finish ploughing the land this month , clarifying that clearing and ploughing the land was not the government 's responsibility .
“ The state gave this task to the company to complete , ” said Pov . “ [ The ploughing ] is late because it is the rainy season and the vehicles find it hard to [ clear ] . ”
Lower Sesan II representative Um Ret repudiated Mekong 's assertions , stating that the company cleared 90 percent of the agricultural land . Ret claimed that the remaining area belongs to villagers who came late to the relocation area and recommended that villagers ask local authorities to notify the company if their land still required ploughing .
Yet Bun Leap , a coordinator at 3S Rivers Protection Network , said that villagers had already complained the resettlement land was not prepared for agricultural use during an NGO Forum-sponsored meeting between villagers and representatives of the Ministry of Mines and Energy in Phnom Penh in March .
The Ministry of Mines and Energy did not respond to requests for comment .
Additional reporting by Martin de Bourmont
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
MOSCOW , April 5 Russian energy company Rosneft and state-controlled diamond miner Alrosa both sold several tens of millions of U.S. dollars directly via the Moscow Exchange ( MOEX ) on Tuesday , a MOEX executive said .
Igor Marich , managing director of the money and derivatives market at MOEX , said Rosneft had promised the exchange a `` stable '' flow of direct forex operations .
They added that the company had other ways to conduct its forex operations as well .
On Wednesday , MOEX said that Rosneft and Alrosa had become the first Russian companies to trade forex via MOEX directly , a tool large companies got in addition to operations via commercial banks or brokerages . ( Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya ; Writing by Katya Golubkova ; Editing by Alexander Winning )
* Socialists ' alliance with far left surprises by its longevity
* Alliance wins support by raising wages , cutting deficit
* EU may end excessive deficit action against Lisbon
* But some worry as public works investment slashed
By Axel Bugge
LISBON , March 31 While the European left is largely struggling where it holds power , Portugal 's government alliance stands out as a remarkable exception ; it is raising wages and gaining popularity and yet delivering the lowest budget deficit in living memory .
The unlikely alliance of centre-left Socialists and two far-left parties has overcome deep scepticism since it was formed in 2015 , achieving stability and maintaining economic recovery at a time of political uncertainty across Europe .
Even President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa , a conservative , acknowledges its running of a country that left an international bailout programme only in 2014 . `` I have been surprised , '' they said in February . `` Frankly , I did n't think it would be as resilient as it has shown itself to be in the past year . ''
The government is a minority Socialist administration rather than a coalition , with the party filling all ministerial posts . However , it relies on support from the Communists and Left Bloc for its parliamentary majority , breaking a taboo that had kept the far left out of power since the 1974 return of democracy .
Portuguese are warming to the government as it unwinds some austerity polices imposed under the bailout , although this comes at the cost of heavy cuts to longer-term public works spending .
Prime Minister Antonio Costa has acknowledged the balancing act . `` Budgets ca n't be managed with miracles , they are managed with rigour , hard work and careful management , '' they said .
Voters ' trust in the alliance has more than doubled - albeit from a low level - and the Socialists , who were in power when Portugal had to seek the 2011 bailout , are benefiting most .
Polls put support for Costa 's Socialists at 42 percent , up 10 points from their share of the vote in the 2015 election and close to a level that would give them a majority in parliament were the country to vote again .
Most European governments of the left can only dream of such ratings . In France , polls have put the candidate of the ruling Socialists , Benoit Hamon , in fifth place for the first round of presidential elections in May with support around 10 percent .
In Italy , Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni 's party is around five points adrift of the anti-establishment 5-Star movement , while Greece 's ruling Syriza party lags conservatives by twice that .
Portugal 's experience may be of interest in Germany , where the Social Democrats are exploring options for a coalition after elections in September . Along with the Greens , they have sounded out the leftist Linke party , shunned so far at a national level due to its origins in the defunct East German communist party .
THE CONTRAPTION
Today , some Portuguese fondly refer to the alliance as 'geringonca ' , or 'the contraption ' . But in 2015 the far-left 's inclusion raised fears on financial markets that fiscal policy would go off the rails , reversing tough reforms and budget cuts during the 2011-2014 bailout by the European Union and IMF .
To win support from the Communists and Left Bloc , Costa agreed to increase workers ' pay in western Europe 's poorest country . Last year , the government already raised the minimum monthly wage to 530 euros ( $ 570 ) from 505 euros a year earlier . It will continue rising till it reaches 600 euros in 2019 , the last year of the government 's current term .
State sector salaries and pensions are also being increased in stages , while the alliance is slowing a privatisation drive pursued by the previous centre-right government .
Despite this generosity , the alliance succeeded in lowering the deficit . It fell last year to 2.1 percent of gross domestic product - lower even than a target agreed with Brussels - from 4.4 percent in 2015 . The National Statistics Institute forecasts it will drop again to 1.6 percent this year .
The European Commission has expressed optimism that Portugal can soon exit an EU excessive deficit procedure imposed after it breached the bloc 's budget rules .
Three years of economic growth have boosted revenue . While the rate remains modest - the Bank of Portugal forecasts it will reach 1.8 percent this year , thanks to rising investment and exports - it compares with a four percent contraction in 2012 .
Unemployment has also dropped from a peak of 17.5 percent in 2013 to 10.5 percent in the last quarter of 2016 , while a crackdown on tax evasion has likewise increased state income .
Nevertheless , the popular public pay increases have not been funded entirely by higher revenue , with the budget savings also demanding spending cuts . Much of the burden has fallen where voters may not notice the effect immediately : public investment . The government slashed this by 16.5 percent last year , to just 1.8 percent of GDP , the lowest proportion since 1960 .
AECOPS , the main construction industry association , warns against the danger of false savings . `` Through drastic cuts in public investment to reduce the deficit , the government has contributed decisively to the degradation to construction activity and prevented the recovery of the sector , '' AECOPS chief Ricardo Pedrosa Gomes told Reuters .
Economists have also expressed concern about any further cuts to state spending on the likes of hospitals and schools .
In Greece - which unlike Portugal is still in a bailout programme after seven years - the IMF has warned that decaying infrastructure is hampering growth while basic public services such as transport and health care are being compromised .
Costa has promised to raise public works spending this year by 20 percent . `` It 's necessary to invest more , but with prudence in order not to upset the balance of our public accounts , '' they said in a recent speech .
TENDING TO TRUST
Portugal has another problem , a debt burden that at 130 percent of GDP is proportionately the third biggest in Europe after Greece and Italy . The EU is pressing for this to be cut .
Still , voters are willing to credit the alliance . In the EU 's latest Eurobarometer survey , the number of Portuguese who `` tend to trust '' their government jumped to 39 percent in late 2016 from just 15 percent at the time of the 2015 election .
Support for the Communists and Left Bloc has slipped since the election when they won 8.25 and 10.2 percent respectively . But the Socialists are now just about the most popular mainstream centre-left party in western Europe . Their gains have come at the expense of the centre-right Social Democrats who ruled from 2011 to 2015 and emerged the biggest party in the last elections , only to be outflanked by the alliance .
Centrist voters - who doubted in 2015 the alliance could tame the excessive spending that many blame for Portugal 's debt crisis - appear to be regaining confidence in the Socialists .
All broad policy elements , including budgets and the pace of social policies like raising the minimum wage , were agreed by the alliance before the election .
Costa 's job in achieving internal harmony may also have been made by easier by the fact that the far left is represented by two parties competing for votes . `` The Socialists prefer to negotiate with both of them , in other words creating a dynamic of rivalry between the two smaller parties that helps to moderate them , '' said political analyst Marina Costa Lobo .
Likewise , the lack of a formal coalition also helps by allowing all three parties to maintain their own identities . That means the Left Bloc and Communists can continue to push for a renegotiation of Portugal 's debts , even though this is not included in the agreement with the Socialists , thereby posing no threat to the government 's efforts to control the budget .
There are risks , not least if the euro zone debt crisis were to reignite , but it 's a case of so far , so good . `` In principle , the longer this continues , especially for the electorate on the left , showing positive results in economic terms , the better , '' said political analyst Antonio Costa Pinto . ( $ 1 = 0.9327 euros ) ( editing by David Stamp )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
COPENHAGEN , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Danish police said on Saturday they were preparing to search a sunken submarine owned by Danish inventor Peter Madsen who has been charged with the inadvertent manslaughter of a journalist .
The police said that Madsen , 46 , was being held in custody for 24 days , accused of killing Swedish woman Kim Wall , 30 , who they said had been on their submarine before it sank on Friday .
Madsen was rescued on Friday morning in a navy operation and taken ashore after their homemade 17-metre submarine went down .
The vessel was recovered on Saturday in Koge Bay , south of Copenhagen , at a depth of seven metres , and taken into harbour .
It will be partly drained of water and searched by the police late on Saturday and early Sunday .
Madsen , an entrepreneur known as an artist , submarine builder and aerospace engineer , went before a judge on Saturday behind closed doors for preliminary questioning . Their defence lawyer , Betina Hald Engmark , told Reuters they denied the charges .
The police said on Friday the inventor had said they had dropped Wall off in Copenhagen on Thursday night .
The police in Sweden said they had tried without success to contact them by phone and that their family had not heard from them
The submarine , UC3 Nautilus , is one of three constructed by Madsen . It can carry eight people . ( Reporting by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen , additional reporting by Stine Jacobsen in Copenhagen and Anna Ringstrom in Stockholm ; Editing by Andrew Bolton )
April 20Hengdian Group DMEGC Magnetics Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.6 yuan per 10 shares ( before tax ) and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares to shareholders of record on April 25 , for FY 2016
* The company 's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 26 and the dividend will be paid on April 26
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/2h1AdI
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 28 Wisdomtree Investments Inc
* Wisdomtree announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.05
* Qtrly total revenues $ 54.6 million versus . $ 50.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.04 , revenue view $ 53.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wisdomtree Investments Inc - U.S. listed ETF assets under management ( `` AUM '' ) were $ 41.9 billion at March 31 , 2017 , up 4.4 pct from December 31 , 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
MEXICO CITY , March 31 Mexico 's finance ministry on Friday said it would increase by 1 billion pesos ( $ 53 million ) its debt issuance of 1-year T-bills , or Cetes , to 12.5 billion pesos per monthly auction during the second quarter .
The ministry also said its weekly auctions of 28-day and 91-day Cetes would remain unchanged at 4 billion to 11 billion pesos , and 7 billion to 14 billion pesos , respectively .
Similarly , weekly auctions of 6-month Cetes will be held steady at 11.5 billion each .
Mexico 's central bank said on Wednesday it had transferred 321.7 billion pesos ( $ 17 billion ) of its 2016 surplus to the federal government , which will help the country pay down debt this year . ( $ 1 = 18.8327 Mexican pesos ) ( Reporting by Noe Torres ; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Athersys Inc :
* ATHERSYS INC FILES PROSPECTUS RELATES POTENTIAL SALE OF UP TO 24.7 MILLION SHARES OF CO 'S COMMON STOCK BY ASPIRE CAPITAL - SEC FILING‍​ Source text - ( bit.ly/2nyf89E ) Further company coverage :
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp posted rare quarterly earnings misses on Friday as cost cuts and rising oil prices failed to offset weakness in international refining operations , sending shares of both companies plunging .
The results surprised Wall Street , where analysts had been steadily raising expectations due to stronger crude prices and a rebounding global economy , according to Thomson Reuters data .
But excluding U.S. tax benefits , results at both companies fell short of expectations , casting a cloud over the U.S. oil industry just days after the nation 's output surpassed a milestone 10 million barrels per day .
“ We got carried away with our expectations , and by we , I mean Wall Street as a whole , ” said Oliver Pursche of wealth manager Bruderman Brothers LLC , which holds Exxon shares .
Exxon , Chevron and rival Royal Dutch Shell all reported lower cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter despite higher oil and gas prices . Reasons varied , but included weaker refining profits and spending on capital expenses .
Shell , the world 's second-largest publicly traded oil company after Exxon , managed to overtake its bigger rival for the first time in a key area , producing about 6 percent more cash last year than Exxon 's $ 33.2 billion .
“ What struck us the most was the decline in cash flow from operations at Exxon , ” Pursche said .
Exxon 's stock dropped 6 percent in Friday afternoon trading , the biggest one-day drop since August 2011 . The stock had been making gains after hitting a low last summer , closing Thursday at a 52-week high . But Exxon shares are flat over the past year despite a 22 percent rise in the S & P 500 .
Analysts needled Exxon 's director of investor relations , Jeff Woodbury , with unusually pointed questions about the cash flow drop on a Friday earnings conference call . Exxon Chief Executive Darren Woods did not participate in the call .
The frustration boiled over into the Chevron call , which followed Exxon ‘ s . Mike Wirth , in their second day as Chevron 's CEO , described the refining weakness a one-time issue rather than a systemic problem .
A logo of Exxon Mobil is displayed on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in New York , U.S. , December 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
While Wirth 's answers did not seem to mollify all analysts , several thanked them for talking . “ I really appreciate you coming on the call from time to time , ” Barclays Capital analyst Paul Cheng said to Wirth . “ I hope that at least one of your other major competitors will do the same . ”
Chevron 's shares were off more than 5 percent in afternoon trading . Both companies are part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which fell more than 2 percent in late trading .
“ It was a pair of disappointing results from both companies , ” said Brian Youngberg , an oil industry analyst at Edward Jones . “ Is refining something to be concerned about as we move through 2018 ? Will that be an offset to those higher oil prices ? ”
FILE PHOTO : A Chevron gas station sign is shown in Cardiff , California , in this January 25 , 2016 photo . REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Chevron said higher oil prices , up 25 percent in 2017 , and currency impacts hurt refining margins by $ 500 million in the quarter .
Both companies benefited from recent U.S. tax reform . Non-cash tax gains were $ 5.94 billion at Exxon and $ 2 billion at Chevron .
Excluding that tax change and other one-time items , Exxon earned 88 cents per share . By that measure , analysts expected earnings of $ 1.04 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Exxon 's quarterly production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day , with the only gain coming from the United States . But its U.S. production business was unprofitable for the third year in a row .
At Chevron , production rose 2.6 percent . Excluding the tax change and other one-time items , the company earned 72 cents per share . By that measure , analysts expected earnings of $ 1.22 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
“ I expect us to maintain capital cost and discipline , ” Wirth said . “ I intend to lead Chevron to win in any environment . ”
France 's Total SA and the United Kingdom 's BP Plc plan to post quarterly results later this month .
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan 's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business , deepening a spat between the partners .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
April 5 The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 's director defended themselves in Congress on Wednesday against a barrage of Republican criticism over everything from the agency 's handling of the Wells Fargo accounts scandal to the way they have personally managed their job .
Appearing before the House Financial Services Committee , Richard Cordray , got coy when asked whether they would finish their term , which expires in July 2018 . Republicans on the committee and elsewhere have pushed for President Trump to fire him , and Cordray is widely rumored to be a possible Ohio gubernatorial candidate in 2018 .
Cordray , who has headed the agency since 2012 when they were appointed by former President Barack Obama , has declined to step down since President Donald Trump took office . They did not say whether they will serve out the rest of them term , which expires in July 2018 .
`` I have no insights to provide , '' they said in response to a related question .
Under the Dodd-Frank law creating the agency , the president could only remove Cordray `` for cause . '' But longtime Republican critics say Cordray 's decisions as a regulator provide ample evidence to fire him .
“ For all of the harm caused to consumers , Richard Cordray should be dismissed by the president , '' said House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling .
Hensarling noted that the CFPB has failed to finalize regulatory projects mandated by Congress , such as writing rules directing financial institutions to collect data about credit applications by minority and women-owned businesses .
WELLS FARGO
Republicans claimed the agency failed to detect wrongdoing at Wells Fargo & Co , relying on outside investigators and news reports to point out widespread problems with improper account creation .
`` The CFPB was asleep at the wheel ! '' said Ann Wagner , a Missouri Republican . The earliest the committee could determine the CFPB began to examine Wells Fargo was in May 2015 , after the bank notified the regulator that the Los Angeles City Attorney was already pursuing a civil case , they said .
Yet the CFPB was front and center in September 2016 when the high-profile $ 185 million multi-agency settlement was announced .
Cordray said Wagner was `` conflating '' issues and said the oversight work `` became exponential over time . ''
The CFPB levied a $ 100 million fine against the bank in an enforcement action with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the City and County of Los Angeles . The probe began after a 2013 Los Angeles Times investigative story . ( Reporting by Pete Schroeder ; editing by Linda Stern and David Gregorio )
Future Market Insights ( FMI ) delivers key insights on the global surface protection films market in a newly published report titled “ Surface Protection Films Market : Global Industry Analysis ( 2012 – 2016 ) and Opportunity Assessment ( 2017–2027 ) ” . In terms of revenue , the global surface protection films market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7 % over the forecast period owing to numerous factors , about which FMI offers thorough insights and information in this report .
Market Segmentation & Forecast
The global surface protection films market is estimated to be valued at US $ 1,196.2 Mn by 2017 end , and is expected to expand at a 5.7 % CAGR over the forecast period ( 2017–2027 ) , to be valued at US $ 2,081.6 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027 .
Request for Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Thickness
On the basis of thickness , the market is categorised into the following segments : < 25 microns , 25 – 50 microns , 50 – 100 microns , 100 – 150 microns , and > 150 microns . Among these segments , our study has identified the 50 – 100 microns segment to account for a lion 's share in the surface protection films market , with almost 38 % of the total market value share . The segment is expected to enjoy rapid growth over the forecast period , clocking a CAGR of 6.2 % .
Market Segmentation by Base Material Type
On the basis of base material , the market is categorised into the following segments : PE , PET , PP , PU , PVC , and others ( Blended films , etc. ) . Among these segments , we have identified the PE segment to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period , maintaining a market share of above 40 % . The segment is projected to register an impressive CAGR of 5.8 % during the forecast period . However , it is the PET segment that is projected to register a CAGR of 6.3 % , which is the highest among the other base materials .
Market Segmentation by End Use
Based on end use , the global surface protection films market has been segmented into the following : Construction & Interior , Electrical & Electronics , Automotive , Industrial , Healthcare , and Others . The construction & interior segment is expected to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period , accounting for more than 50 % of the net market share . By the end of the forecast period , the segment is forecast to account for around 56 % of the global surface protection films market share .
Request for Table of Contents @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Region
The global surface protection films market has been segmented into seven major regions , namely North America , Latin America , Eastern Europe , Western Europe , Asia Pacific Excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , Japan and the Middle East & Africa ( MEA ) . Globally , in terms of revenue , Western Europe is estimated to account for the highest share of 30.4 % in 2017 , followed closely by Asia Pacific Excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , which is estimated to account for a share of 22.6 % . Meanwhile , revenue from the market in Latin America is expected to expand at CAGR of 4.7 % over the forecast period . The mature markets i.e . Western Europe and North America are likely to create a substantial demand in the global surface protection films market with a cumulative worth of over US $ 1 Bn by the end of 2027 .
Key Players
Some of the major players in the global surface protection films market covered in this report are Chargeurs S.A. , Nitto Denko Corp , Tredegar Corporation , Polifilm GmbH , Surface Guard , Inc. , DUNMORE Corporation , Bischof + Klein SE & Co . KG. , Toray Advanced Film Co. , Ltd. , and Alvest SAS , among others . The report also includes profiles of prominent Chinese companies operating in the global market . We have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio , creating new marketing techniques , and mergers and acquisitions .
Report Overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/surface-protection-films-market
NAIROBI At least 16 people were killed in the South Sudanese town of Wau on Monday , said the United Nations , as witnesses said ethnic militiamen went house to house searching for people from other groups .
Streets were deserted as families hid inside , residents told Reuters by phone . Some reported seeing killings .
Witnesses said the militia members were aligned with the government in the country 's ethnically charged civil war . They accused army soldiers of blocking the main road to a civilian encampment protected by U.N. peacekeepers .
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said two U.N. peacekeeping patrols had been sent to the area on Monday and more were expected to patrol on Tuesday . The U.N. peacekeeping mission is known as UNMISS .
`` They saw 16 bodies of civilians in a hospital and at least 10 others were injured , '' Dujarric told reporters in New York .
`` Eighty-four people have arrived at the UNMISS protection of civilians site in Wau , while at least 3,000 people have reportedly moved to a site run by the Catholic church in town and those are mostly women and children , '' they said .
South Sudan 's deputy army spokesperson , Colonel Santo Domic Chol , said fighting had first broken out during a mutiny by soldiers at the town 's prison . They were awaiting more information , they said .
The fighting followed an ambush that killed a brigadier general and a colonel in Wau state over the weekend , a rebel spokesperson based outside the country said .
`` This morning the government forces were retaliating against innocent Fertit people , '' they said , referring to a local ethnic group .
The International Committee of the Red Cross said it is flying a surgical team to Wau .
`` The ICRC has received multiple requests to assist medical staff in Wau with patients wounded in the violence , '' a spokesperson said .
A staff member at Wau Teaching Hospital said all the bodies it had received appeared to be civilian and all had gunshot wounds .
Five residents , all of whom asked not to be named , described members of the president 's Dinka ethnic group searching for members of the local Luo and Fertit groups . The head of the military is also Dinka .
`` We are still inside hiding , '' said one man by telephone , speaking from a Wau neighbourhood called Nazareth . `` I have seen four dead bodies of my neighbours . ''
`` Armed militias are moving from house to house , '' one resident said . `` It is an ethnic crackdown . '' Another said they had fled an attack that had killed many people , including their cousin .
South Sudan descended into civil war in 2013 after President Salva Kiir , a Dinka , fired their deputy , Riek Machar , a Nuer . Fighting since then has often split the oil-producing country along ethnic lines and created a patchwork of armed factions .
The country is awash with weapons after decades of conflict with neighbouring Sudan and local feuds over land .
BODIES
In another part of Wau , a resident saw two bodies near a feeding centre and a couple killed beside the road as they tried to flee to a nearby civilian encampment protected by U.N. peacekeepers .
More than 200,000 people have taken refuge in such sites set up across the country after widespread ethnic killings , many by soldiers . Campaign groups have accused both sides of atrocities .
Two residents said soldiers had blocked off the road leading to the protected site in Wau .
`` I and my two sisters tried to get a way to the UNMISS protection site , but we ca n't because the road is blocked by government soldiers , '' one woman said .
`` I saw one woman together with their husband who was killed because they tried to run to UNMISS . ''
The army 's Chol said the mutiny had broken out on Monday morning . `` Some four prison soldiers in Wau prison decided to mutiny and shot at their own colleagues . They killed two , '' they said .
They said there had been fighting in Wau state for the past three days but had no further details on Monday 's fighting , apart from the fact it was taking place along ethnic lines .
`` The type of the rebellion which is taking place in Wau ... it is more or less tribal , '' they said .
The 15,000-strong U.N. peacekeeping mission , which has a base in Wau , has not been able to stop the killing .
`` We are aware of the situation in the town and we are looking into it , '' U.N. spokesperson Daniel Dickinson said .
( Additional reporting by Michelle Nichols at the United Nations ; Editing by Larry King and James Dalgleish )
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
WASHINGTON , March 27 The top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee asked the government ethics watchdog on Monday to review comments by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin plugging `` The Lego Batman Movie , '' a film one of their companies produced , for a possible ethics violation .
In a letter to Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub , Senator Ron Wyden said they were concerned that Mnuchin had violated their ethics agreement signed in January in their comments on Friday at the end of a live interview with the Axios news website .
Mnuchin had agreed to divest their interests in Ratpac-Dune Entertainment Holdings LLC within 120 days of their confirmation , and `` not participate personally and substantially in any matter that has a direct and predictable effect on the financial interests of the entity '' unless first obtaining a waiver .
RatPac-Dune , co-founded by Mnuchin with producer-director Brett Rattner and media billionaire James Packer , has produced and financed a number of Hollywood hits in recent years , including `` Avatar , '' `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' and `` The Lego Batman Movie . ''
At the Axios event , Mnuchin was asked in a question from a reader for a movie recommendation .
`` I 'm not allowed to promote anything that I 'm involved in . So I just want to have the legal disclosure , you 've asked me the question , and I am not promoting any product , '' Mnuchin said . `` But you should send all your kids to 'Lego Batman . ' ''
The comment drew laughter from the audience at the Washington event .
Wyden said the Finance Committee had received no notifications regarding Mnuchin 's holdings in RatPac-Dune and assumed the Treasury chief still held that interest .
`` I am concerned that Sec . Mnuchin 's comments , may be seen to have a predictable effect on the financial interests '' of RatPac-Dune , Wyden said in their letter .
In a statement , a Treasury spokesperson said : `` As their statement reflects , the Secretary clearly recognized that they generally may not promote private interests and specifically gave the legal disclosure that they were not promoting a movie , but answering a question they were asked directly . ''
The OGE recommended last month that the White House should consider disciplinary action against President Donald Trump 's adviser Kellyanne Conway for their on-air comment on Fox News Channel promoting the clothing and jewelry line of Trump 's daughter Ivanka Trump . Conway said people `` should go buy Ivanka 's stuff . ''
The White House later told the ethics watchdog that Conway had acted `` inadvertently '' and without `` nefarious motive or intent to benefit personally . ''
( Reporting by David Lawder ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
